She insisted's bird road so just dummy up. No one will be a big daddy's on bird
road at five to six this afternoon. Plan again, 732 Northeast, 125th
State, North Miami. That's a your chance to register for the 610 W.I.O.D. Miller
like kick your way to the Super Bowl registration thing and the you know how
that works. You must be 20 when you're sold or a registered you might get your
name you like that. How about those patterns? Oh right. They are kicking ass and
league bat. Too bad they're leaving. They are just kicking ass. Dogma claim for
president. See now the Colin Powell's out. Let's get somebody who shows some
real leadership. Dogma claim for president. He's got my vote. Is he an American
citizen? Probably not. A Atlantic coast mortgage is where you can go and you've
been turned on for a loan elsewhere since 1982. A Atlantic coast mortgage is
help people get the cash they need for all my improvements and other
purchases. They can help you if you got credit problems or income problems.
In fact, a Atlantic coast mortgage can get you financing regardless of your
income. How do you like that? Call 1-800-281-3164. Talk to Michael or Art
today. 1-800-281-3164. The best part is there's never any application fee.
A Atlantic coast mortgage is a licensed mortgage brokerage business that can
get you a first or second mortgage at the lowest rates going out there. They
check daily with 50 lenders to find the best deal waiting for you. So if you've
been turned down when you needed money call A Atlantic coast mortgage today. I
think you're going to be in for a pleasant surprise. Call 1-800-281-3163
for it. It's nose and the wind blows right through you. They lost the world
series. They lost Chasmicae. And now they've lost their football team.
Project trip number nine. The mistake by the lake. Listen to this sound.
See ya. Been qualified for a tragic trip number nine. Howdy, what are you doing?
Good. It's a clean plan. From Hughes, talk and entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D.
Okay, 1025 at W-I-O-D. Look at that phone there, baby. What's happening in
Broward? The usual amelaes there in Broward. This phone should be lit up air
be light on the board and then we should have people like standing online like
taking a number today at the bakery. One open line in day at 751 W-I-O-D. All
of Broward. Look at that. 5249-463. I guess that shows where their
allegiance is are in Broward, right? Here is a Hollywood on a purple line. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir. Welcome home. Yeah. Hi, Frank Cox. Is it Jake? There's a rumor
going around. Wow. Yeah. Isn't it wild to go anywhere? Well, I know, you know,
Phil was making a point that when a guy comes on the air and when he says to
another man, you know, what are you going to think about that? I think
Phil's got a good point there, Rachel. Hey, well, that's how I went to Vegas.
That is like paradise. It is. And then you come back here and you find out
place doesn't have a rhyme or reason. They don't have a clue of what's going on.
Yeah. And you should have seen, you know, I get we came back through Houston and
the flight from Houston to Fort Lauderdale. If you could have seen the sea of
blue here, no matter where you're coming from, the flight to Fort Lauderdale.
There's like 80 people with walkers and canes crawling under hands at the
exact thing. That's what it's all about. Oh my god. We just came back from
San Francisco and went over to Lake Tahoe when we got back here. Get back to
we flew into Miami and the mate. Yeah. There's people actually speak English
in the country. I mean, the the MGM Grand, which have been in there, you know,
I was there the day it opened a couple of years ago, but I've never stayed there
before. Right. The rooms are so fantastic. They have so many elevators. You never
waited more than 15 seconds for an elevator, even as big. They got 5,000
rooms in that place. The food is sensational. There's like 80 million tables.
The sports book is gigantic. They got 50 billion slot machines. I mean, that
and the people in there are like almost all living and breathing millions of
young people, old people in between, but they're all like, you know, happening
people having a great time. It's frightening. It's good because they they
are targeting young families, but they're doing a lot with the they have that
amusement park. Right. That's right. Families out there. It's really amazing.
An amazing town. But I say what you're right. They say they try to
shut people in to go down to the downtown. Oh, 10 times. Oh, forget it. That
place. I didn't I didn't see anybody caching anything in that joint and it's
just real dingy and grungy and all the dregs of human. That's terrible. If you
look at as as Vegas started in North Vegas and it worked its way down. It
looks like a big animal that's pooped on its way down south. Yeah. Or crap is
left up there. They should just go bulldoze all over. I think that's up north.
I think that's north though. Yeah. Right. North Vegas. Yeah. It worked its way
down from the old time. You can see what was left like relics back there. Oh, you
mean downtown is what the yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, would you win? How much you
win? $1,000? Now what? $500. But I was losing over a thousand up until Saturday
and then I made a big comeback in one 500. My friend John went over a thousand.
So we had a good time. Oh, great. Well, nice to have you back. Thanks, pal.
Thank you. Have a great life. Two open line to purple line. AT&T wireless line.
pound IOD of one on the green line. 1 800 944. What are we going to do about this
Rachel Alexander? What are we going to do by Brian Cox? What are we going to do
by Don Schule? I mean, you can I know there's still six and four years a long
way to go. How about those cowboy? God, Elvis. Grub back. That was unbelievable.
That was unbelievable. You know, I watched some of that yesterday when I got back
and I'm looking at that and I'm thinking, what what is this all about? Well,
Aikman got hurt early in the game. Okay, that's a good excuse. What was that all
about? Elvis grew back couldn't hit the wide side of a barn from two feet away
with a guy named Cum Quad. I mean, this guy is unbelievable. And there up
before you know it, like 24 to zip and it was no contest, no contest. Also, I
got to get a couple of spy reports. We got to find out about that tape that
Randy taped that we played on Friday. Oh, you were here, right? And and and what
about it? Was there any rhyme or reason for playing it? I mean, was it entertaining?
Was it it sucked? Okay. And then about that smokers, I don't even know what that
show is that smokers thing that's on Sunday night, which there's a memo on the
door there about all the response we got. What what is that show? Did you hear any of it?
No. So we'll get a spy report. Maybe if anybody heard it, I doubt it. Here's a
mobile in deer field. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. This one, let you know,
we went to the hockey game with the police at the hockey game Friday night. Right.
Get a blast Friday night. Saturday night. Saturday night. Very exciting.
Biggest proud of the year. I see that's because Rick Riley was there.
Hey, we had a great time. Very action packed. I've got her hooked. So we'll be going a lot more.
Better go a lot while you can. Yeah. We went to that also. And I just low.
And Danny, Danny can win a game when he breaks the record. I just got to use the choke might.
Yeah, they're all excited about him breaking these individual records. I think that most
of the fans would gladly trade all of his individual records for even like getting in the
Super Bowl again would be good. Just get there to get killed. Yeah. Just let us get there.
Anyway, I'm out of material. Neil. Okay. Take care. Get a new phone. Open line of
Broward 5249463524WID. So the Panthers really been kicking ass. They won six in a row.
They got the 2626 points. They're 13 and four. They've got 26 points. And the sad part of it is
that they're on their way somewhere. Maybe the Nashville. Maybe do who knows where.
I was going to say on their way to San Jose. And I'm sure the fans there would gladly swap
because the sharks couldn't get arrested in the panty rate in Fort Lauderdale. But the bottom
line is now with sports. And I told you it's all over. I hate to tell you that, but it's all over.
Every day now you open up the paper. A butt Adams is threatening to move. He's moving Houston
in two years. The Oilers to Nashville. And the Astros are going to national less. They have like
five billion people there are game next season. And all of a sudden the crap and art models going
to Baltimore. And Winnipeg is moving out of the
musical teams now. How the hell are you going to have any loyalty? Then this is a situation created by
the owners and the players in the regions with all these big salaries. And all of a sudden they got
out of control. They were losing their ass because of their own stupidity. And we're supposed to
suffer for it. You think there's been a rebellion against sports this past year would mainly the
baseball thing. You just wait. Man, you ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Here's a good name for a song. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. All right. I have
no one to smoke this last night wanting to listen to Dr. Demandto. And I pay you a little
list. That's the name of the show. Smoke this. Yeah, really. I thought that's what Brian said to
a Phil Henry. Smoke this. Well, the reason why it's like it was all about the cigar trap.
Who wants to share that? It's a show about cigars. Yeah. I mean, I like smoking cigars,
but I don't know what there is to hear about. I mean, they were talking about how you roll it,
how you tell about the moisture and all this crap. Are you sure they were talking about cigars?
Yeah, sir. Yeah. And I just wish they would just keep that crap off the air. How to roll
cigars. That should be I'd like WQBA or something on some Julio station. Yeah. They begin to roll
in cigars, the Julio's. Well, it's like I rather hear like tapes of you and the best of Neil,
the best of Phil or even. You'll be able to hear plenty of tapes of me pretty soon when I go
on vacation. There's plenty of tapes coming. All right. And just to make it even happier,
the best to fill this afternoon from two to six. Cool. Already. Thanks. Okay. Thanks for the report.
Okay. It's another words of show stuff. I didn't say that. See, they're going to get all
of them out of shape. He didn't even hear the show and he's ripping it. I'm not ripping anything.
I just looking for some spy report. Maybe a lot of people loved it. The only thing is stop and
think about this. Oh, I see. Just as I said that George put a cigar in his purse. Now he's not
going to smoke it, of course, because smoking is not allowed in the building. Any more than I'm
smoking it when I got my hand right now. But what percentage of people do you think smokes cigars?
Small, but that's the latest trend. But they have only 10% of women.
No, actually, women are smoking those little ones now. They like having something small in their mouth.
But anyway, I'll pass. But anyway, I'll pick yours. Yeah. No, seriously, what percentage of people
really do think are cigar smokers, no matter how trendy it might be? Now 10% of more that talking
about women. Okay, sorry. He gets very upset. Here's, then we just do Hollywood or my dream.
And now you're too busy playing with that cigar. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Wait a minute. Do you smoke cigars? Sometimes. Oh, okay. There you go. Keep a
pull on this. I got you down. If it looks like a duck and plays like a duck, it must be Brian.
Yeah. So when I suck my duck, right? Exactly. Have an idea. Okay, thanks. Yeah, everybody's
real upset for you with Brian Cox. Okay. And of course, they're trying desperately. I'm sure this
is something he had stuff over there. QA. I'm looking to get some publicity and try to drum up some
support. I punched over to them like for 10 seconds this morning. Must have been right at nine o'clock.
And the kids they've got on the year not only sound like they're 10 years old, but now they sound
like they're on a helium super saber. I just don't understand it. They sound like 10 year olds
on helium. And that's Q. I. M. And they think they got a goddamn radio station over there.
And we got a guy doing a hockey games. Who's doing. What is that? Chris Moore on drugs or something.
Well, what is that all about? So Brian, you can keep trying all you want, baby, but you're on the
losing side on the field off the field everywhere just like the dolphins, man. Okay. So when Shula packs
up and leaves down, he can stick you in his big suitcase and take. I'm sure a lot of people would agree.
Okay. Take you right along with him. Take your stupid ugly ass right along with him. Here's the
but I'm just only one problem. Well, this is the guy you're looking for, George. This is the
guy that drove all the way down here. Did not get the tickets because George might tell him what I
got. Yeah, don't go away at the end. All right. I'll just go ahead. You're going to embarrass me on the
air. See you now. Oh, wait a minute. Do you hear that? Oh, this guy, he's, listen, we're going to
more than make up for you. You're going to register for the tragic trip. We're going to give you
tickets to another game. We're going to give you meals at the pizza lot. We're going to make up for
it 10 times over because George is a butt plug. That's cool. How do you like that? Right. And I apologize
profusely for George being such an asshole and forgetting to leave your tickets. Yeah, I was
going to go all the way down here from Boynton Beach and George forgot to leave him his tickets.
It's all night working, everything. Nice. But I just wanted to call you and let you know
that's what happened. So also when you do come down to get your other stuff with Jaguarity,
we'll be here. We're going to tie George up, put him in a corner and let you beat him about 20
times over the head with the two by four. How's that? That's a two by four. Will a hockey stick?
I don't work. Okay, hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Okay, we'll make up to you.
There's a guy named who you were looking for. Okay, see, and he called me. He didn't call you.
We called me because he knew that I would take care of it. He knew if he called you, you'd make an
excuse. We have an open line in Broward 5249 463 524 WIOD. Boy, you go out of town for a couple
of days just for a long weekend and you come back, man, and the spit hits the fan. It's incredible.
And here's this Rachel Alexander writing this almost tearful column about poor Brian Cahnk
who's making millions of dollars and going out there and making a jackass out of himself,
getting a lot of stupid penalties and which he has consistently, by the way, since he's been on
the team in spite of all the talk about what a great linebackery is and all the great plays that
he almost makes, but he goes out there and makes a jackass and a pull out himself over and over
and over again. So, my ****, but Rachel's on his side because I guess you don't like Phil.
Now, didn't Andy Cal bring that bitch in here that day? That was the day that I was out there in
the hallways screaming and yelling with Steve Nichol in the hall. And that was the day that Andy,
this is his good close buddy, Rachel Alexander. Better know his brandy to some of her close personal
friends. And she allegedly loves my show and she loves Phil and Yadda Yadda. They all give you
that song and dance to your face. But, boy, when I get a chance to give you a good shot right in the
back, man, where it hurts the most, there's Rachel right on it, right on top of it. 1037 at WIOD,
every accessory you need for your car or for your truck, where you're going to find it, you know
by now, don't you? Yadda know unless you're deaf. And if you're deaf, why are you listening to the show?
You'll find them all at ID. A lot of motive and truck accessories at 701, North West 57th place in
Fort Lauderdale, where they got that gigantic 30,000 square foot warehouse that is packed with
everything under the sun and then some. You want a bedliner? Ideals got the latest non-skid bedliners at
the best prices in town, starting from just 169 bucks installed. Over 2,000 of them in stock.
A bedliner will help increase the retail value of your truck. Ideals got running ports,
paid a match your truck and install for all you truckers out there. You'll find all kinds of
bug shields for cars and trucks. Ideal automotive's got toolboxes, they got your viesers, they got
your light covers, camper tops and all the others. And the best part of the deal, not only great
selection, so they got just about everything you're looking for, but unbeatable wholesale prices to
go along with it. So stop by and see a more call. Ideal automotive and truck accessories, toll free,
1-800-621-6464. That's 1-800-621-6464-64. This station is testing its emergency broadcast system
equipment. The EVS will soon be replaced with the emergency alert system. The EAS will provide
timely emergency warnings. This station serves a Miami Fort Lauderdale area. This concludes this
emergency broadcast system test. The opinion expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOD
are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyrighted 1995
by WIOD Incorporated. No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without
prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated. This is the Neolotcher Show. This is your brain.
Any questions? If the most controversial topic on Capitol Hill and later today, you'll hear
the debate live on Seaspan. I still can't believe my Republican brothers are supporting a bunch
of home-ones. Mr. Helm, that's HMO. Not HOMO. Oh, can I change my vote? Yes,
the confusing debate over healthcare continues and you'll hear it live later today on Seaspan.
Okay, 1042 at WIOD and let's smoke right along here, shall we? Because smoking cigars is in.
cigarettes are bad, they'll kill you, but smoking cigars is in. Just ask us, we'll tell you.
Here's Miami. Hello. How's it going, Neil? Great. Yeah, good vacation. It's nice to hear.
It was not a vacation. It was just a preview to vibe vacation. This was just a three-day
vacation. I was just warming up for vacation. That's good. Listen, by the way, do you smoke cigars?
Not personally. My dad did. Okay. Wait, he did? Now he's dead? Now he's dead. Oh, see what I mean?
Okay, well, listen, since you were going Friday, you must have missed sports talk and
Mandatchgay's D-fo or anything like I've never heard. Mandatchgay's D-fo or RIP?
Chastisement. Now this was before Michigan beat Purdue 5 and nothing. Exactly.
In front of 103,000 people at Ann Arbor against the Girl School and squeaked by a 5-nothing on Saturday.
And after Monday, when he said to D-fo that he didn't want to talk about it, he didn't want to,
it was done. The whole thing, you know, the scenario with Brian Talks in the room where they,
you know, they, I got to hear about this. I have to hear all the details on this.
Oh, okay, this is the unbelievable. Mandatchg starts to show with real nice Joe Villalata too.
He's ready to go on. As always. Right, exactly. So Mandatchgay goes now, wait a minute.
And I want to get this straight. What side are you on?
You're on, wait a minute. What side is he on? Exactly. What side are you on? Are you on, are you on,
are you on the side of the dolphins? Are you on, are you on WIOD's position side?
Oh my God. WIOD's position side on a station that rips the management more than any station
in the history of broadcasting. And WIOD has got a position.
Well, so then D-fo tries to calm him down. But Mandatchgay goes, no, stop kissing my ass.
Look, my ass. Stop kissing my ass. Stop kissing my ass and start.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, stop the floor play. Yeah. And then he says,
right down to it. Exactly. And then he says, you know, what does WIOD stand for?
And immediately in my head, I hear Center One, AIDS research. I mean, you know, helping people with
aid, helping the homeless in previous years. And that's what I'm thinking. And he's going,
what does WIOD stand for? Nothing. What does that mean?
Don't ask me. I mean, I guess he's trying to insult the, I mean, he's trying to say, you know,
because because WIOD would be so low to play with a thing and brittle.
We're playing with a thing. And so I guess this cost is ego. Yeah. Exactly.
So in other words, Mandatchgay has had a brine cox's ass. Is that what you're telling me?
Basically unbelievable. Yeah. And it got really, and it got nasty.
Yeah. And what does D-fo say? D-fo said, well, I know you're the biggest, you know, you and I both,
he goes on the biggest fans of Phil Hendry and what he does. He goes, don't bring personalities into this.
Really? Says Mandatch. Don't bring personality to this. And he was really, yeah.
He was, he was livid. I love it. Yeah. I love it. God, I give anything to hear that.
So the Don Chulashow started and then, you know, that comms, Mandatch, that comms.
Yeah, they started getting that tongue out again. Waxing it up. Exactly.
Incredible. Unbelievable. Well, I just want to tell you about that.
And thanks for the good news. I'm sure we'll hear lots more.
Hey, yeah, please do. Well, I wonder what side he's on. Yeah.
He's on the dolphin ass-looking side is the side that he's on.
Well, you know what I don't understand. I wonder how much the dolphins are paying him.
Last time I checked, he gets his paycheck from this place.
He's a lot of these two. Yeah, exactly. I mean, uh, I mean, where is this who is,
do his, do his real loyalty flight? Not with this place.
Yeah. Or the, or the plate, the, the team he used to play on.
Right. That's it. You know, and another thing, I'm going to tell you one thing.
This is an inside story. Yeah. I know personally the coach has threatened him
that if he comes down on IOD side and on any of these issues,
uh, locker room is off limits. Then I have to be in a more, no more showering with the guy.
No more showering. That's too bad. I tell you what I'm going to hear.
Now you're hitting the man where it really hurts.
Exactly. What I don't understand about Brian Cox is the most important,
most pivotal people in history have not been beyond being used about.
Right. He's a public figure and not only that, but he goes out of his way to make
himself a public figure more than anybody on the dolphins except maybe Marino.
This guy is in the news all the time. He's sticking his finger to the fan.
He's in Buffalo. He's controversial. He's a maniac.
And, uh, and all of a sudden he's beyond criticism.
Exactly. Well, he needs to grow. See, he thinks he's talking about racism.
It's not the color of his skin. It's the thickness of it. That's the problem.
Two thin skin. That's the problem. Brian. It's not the dark skin.
It's the thin skin. Exactly. Here's a thin skin with a pig skin. That's the problem.
Well, anyways, uh, well, thanks for the report. You did a great job.
No problem. You'll take it. I have a great life later.
Oh my God. One of the greatest contrutoms in the history of the human race.
Even Frank Wright would be impressed if he were alive.
He's dead. We have an open line in date.
751. Who's Frank Wright?
Yeah, he used to wear the silly hats with Chelsea Candy on the horse racing stuff.
With all of the options up there, I was a single radio station.
I heard the title of the back. You do everything you have.
You go wherever you need to.
And you do it every day.
Help us news.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOG.
I'm going to start on this film and I'm going to wrap it all year long.
Hello.
Hopefully, boring to show.
You believe in truth and advertising?
Yes, sir. You do.
Okay.
Don't you think we as a station have been perpetrating a fraud?
Don't you think that they be a guy's climber there?
He's getting a little too far.
I think so.
No question.
I think it's way over the line.
And I and you should be embarrassed.
People sucking around for the work at our station.
Hello, I'm a bear.
I mean, you know, I'm a big film Henry.
So much as you are.
Now, don't start personalities.
I come from a do or do not.
I'm a binary world.
Like it would like to be right.
I'm not wrong.
And I find you on the side of the infidel.
You know, you handled it as well as it could be.
You know, you're going to have no fun or enough.
Don't bother.
I'm not bothering you.
I agree with you to this extent.
You are a humiliated.
Okay.
You're all right.
You're right about that.
I'm not talking about you.
You don't want it for that.
I'm all right.
And then you've got lining the guy.
There's no winning time.
There I mean, you got you.
You got your analogies and I'm going to lose this war.
But you would have to agree that the Iprank cops
was going to express himself and is this satisfaction with what was going on with WIOD.
That was not the appropriate forum or the method.
I've got to apologize to the Mark remarks.
The remarks he apologized for.
But I know the wellspring from which those remarks come.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
There you go.
It is out of frustration.
Coming up for the unhappiness.
Not having what an asshole.
The fight back.
What a sickle.
He's got one now.
He's going to start in the favor.
And hopefully this thing will go away.
I think actually Barry Jackson said it right.
Time to get a new thing to jump on.
And let me ask you this.
Yes, sir.
Bigger question.
Where do we stand?
There's a relationship with the Miami Dolphins important to us.
I would say so.
It is the property of the Miami Dolphins.
We are the flagship stations of Miami Dolphins.
What would be great?
Not that you have to kiss up.
Not that you have to suck.
So why do you keep doing it?
You suck up.
Why do you keep sucking up your mind?
But you don't put the franchise and everybody associated with the in play all day
every day and kick it around.
It's nothing wrong with criticism if it's valid.
I think I understand for nothing.
I went a little too far.
This station stands for nothing.
So what about that?
It stands for you and me.
We're going to have a good time on the program tonight.
That's why we're here.
Oh my god.
Just unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Is that in Crable or what?
Huh?
This station stands for nothing.
And you got to take your sides.
You know, and of course, even though they're paying the paycheck, I'm not saying
be a shield for anybody.
That's why I tell you exactly the way it is.
These people are a bunch of gray robbers here.
They're just brutal.
But on the other hand, they do sign my paycheck.
So if I have to choose between them and a guy that I'm sticking dolphins,
you saw what a tough choice that was.
Dolphins don't put any money in my pocket on the contrary.
It took a lot out for four or five years there and gave me back a bunch of mediocre games.
Week after week after week plus lack of sense of humor.
A lack of having any kind of a cohesive brain.
And then that one Mandage had me on at show a couple of times.
And then you notice the last time I was in a round table with him at
Suckhole, Erica, what's it read?
And I used to turn the brains down and I said,
demanded, I think your views are a little bit skewed here.
Too many showers with the coach.
That's the last time I was ever on that show.
You can go to the bike on that.
Because in Mandage's world, you have to, if you're going to be involved in any way with his dolphins.
Which I guess you don't realize he's not the tight end anymore.
He don't wear no uniform, although he does wear a jock strap during the broadcast.
That's why his voice gets so goddamn high.
You jacked out.
But I'm telling you, this guy don't understand it.
He's not part of the dolphins anymore.
He has no objectivity whatsoever.
And to have a man stand there with a live microphone in his face and say,
stroke my **** and then to defend it and try to cover up for it and try to rationalize it like,
well, he understands everything that's behind that.
Right.
Here's an overpaid big jock who if he weren't playing a football,
might be driving a goddamn tractor out there if he was lucky.
Okay.
A big overpaid jock with no sense in humor taking himself much too seriously,
just like the coach and the whole organization, by the way.
And this guy comes down on his side, even when he stood there right in his face and put his
ass on the line.
stroke my **** exactly.
What a finalist piece of turd you are, Mr. Mandage, okay.
And deep down there, of course, being like, well, well, well, let me say,
yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah.
Unbelievable.
Man, what a what a match made in heaven.
That is two up and lines at day 7519 463 751 W.
I would do one on a green line wanted to see.
And again, what man, it's totally ignores is how did this thing all start?
How did the thing all start?
It started a year ago this past summer when fielded his first Brian Cox thing,
which was funny as hell, just like it always is.
And Brian being the big star that he is with like a spoiled child didn't have any sense
of humor about that and decided he was going to tell all his good buddies on the dolphins.
And he tells them what to do and instruct them in life.
Since evidently they can't make up their own god damn mind.
Oh, don't go in none of those shows shine IOD even though it is the dolphin station.
Rick and Suds go over there for the dolphin player breakfast before the season this year.
Nobody comes and talks to him because again, Brian Cox told him to stay away.
And Jim Mandage is concerned about the relationship between W.
I would be in the Miami Dolphins.
I think he's got the thing upside down, baby.
I think you got it as backwards, Mandage.
You got Brian's ass in your **** push is what your problem is.
You're not playing the good one of those.
I'm not playing the good one of those.
So you like that better?
Yes.
Okay.
Two open lines at day 7519463.
I think it's about time some of you started coming down on the right side too,
which is a side of truth and reality.
Not the side of IOD or the dolphins are Brian Cox.
Just objectivity.
Okay.
Anybody who doesn't have a sense of humor.
And of course, it's not.
And then the other episode of ERA GOAL AS SOME MERE
was when Phil did the thing on Shula.
Another hysterical piece about the fact that Shula is not over there on the
sideline.
He's up mingling with a crowd in the skybox.
He's having a couple of drinks and Shula.
Who did Shula call the rip and ass?
He called his intermediary his lackey.
Old number 88.
His lackey.
He should be Jim lackey.
Not Jim Mandage called him to cut him an ass.
Oh, yeah, we got to cut this off because the brain's them is pissed off.
Well, two goddamn bad.
There's another guy can't take any criticism.
Who's getting paid.
Who's made millions of dollars off a stupid goddamn game of football.
And this guy, if he's criticized even just a little bit,
if somebody gets their nose out of joint just a little bit with him right away,
he's pissed off.
And the criticism was mean and it was cruel and it was uncalled for.
Yeah, you're just like all the others, baby.
You're a goddamn football coach.
Okay.
So get with the program and by the way, your team sucks.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
The dolphins make me sick.
I'll eat.
I'll eat.
Yeah.
Now, there's a real sport and a real coach.
It's even Mandage said those are real men.
Not a bunch of overgrowth spoil sports, a bunch of pansies.
Where we tend to get a hang the other have to go running to locker room.
Open line of days, 751, 9463, 751, W.
This station stands for nothing.
This station stands for something that you haven't got managed and that's balls.
This station's got the balls to go on and say a lot of outrageous things.
And to criticize a lot of very popular people when they deserve to be criticized
and to do whatever the hell it takes to make people think it'd be a little bit provocative.
This guy's about as provocative as a turd in the goddamn punch bowl.
That's not provocative.
He is always the show always the yes man always kissing the ass.
Anybody that wears that uniform and let me say it again.
The best example of that was this goddamn freaks the event and bill when he wasn't
before he came to the dolphins.
And I'll never forget that I was in the car out of weekend listening to sports talk one night
and he's going on a great length.
The caller says well what do you think?
Should they sign Steve M and then he said oh this guy is a case.
He's like a obvious steroid case and he's saying things that in my opinion talk about lawsuits
are actionable.
He's just he's speculating that this guy's done more steroids than Carter's got pills.
Makes Jose Cansoco look like a piker.
And no that's not the kind of guy you want because he's fragile as a china doll
and the first time there's a hit out there.
His legs are going to just break like like a china doll and steroids making your bones brittle
and he's going on and then they sign them on the team and right away he's sucking his ass.
How do you like that?
He's sucking the big one.
Yes!
Yes!
The only radio station that doesn't suck.
610 WIOD Miami Ford Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
He kept that.
610 WIOD.
Fadell fire in Miami.
Good morning.
At 11 o'clock I'm Terry Griffin.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD brought to you by South Florida Ford.
It's 73 right now in South Florida.
Next news at noon.
Bulletin's at once.
I'm Terry Griffin.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
I don't know if it's just doubling a little bit.
We're all nervous because we're under a lot of pressure.
Mandage has just threatened to take over the radio station to blow up the building.
If we don't come back and you know say it like it ain't.
Anyway it's 11 o'clock.
I've noticed by the way speaking of the dolphins that there are games.
A lot of games this season where they've given up gigantic numbers of points
to teams that ordinarily cannot score.
Have you noticed that?
Like the New England Patriots who have had a wolf full time of scoring points all
season long and despite having blood so.
And 34 points sounds like I held a lot of points to me.
But I don't want to dwell on that.
It's not just Hank Goldberg.
It's a hippo polymer.
Any more than I have to other than the rest of the show today and probably the rest of the week.
This Mandage thing is just so absolutely incredible.
And also with this Rachel Alexander with this twisted story.
I think you better get your history right sweetheart and find out the origins of this real thing.
She does make reference to the fact that last summer.
Phil was doing the thing on Brian Cox.
She doesn't make any reference to the thing about Shula.
And the fact that Mandage was the intermediary they were acting on behalf of his
close personal buddy.
I'll tell you one thing.
Okay and I hate to say this.
I hate to say it but I'll say it anyway.
At least Joe Rose.
The guy with the bad with the big gap in his teeth there that should never be on TV.
At least Joe Rose is another former dolphin player by the way.
Not exactly in the caliber of Mandage.
Well both Marge and
but anyway Joe Rose at least he goes on here and he's not a Shula.
He rips Shula and asks when he deserves it.
And we got a guy.
We got the X Dolphin here who I once upon a time thought it got some balls
unless when it counts.
Okay.
I thought this guy had a real pair and it turns out he does but they're like babies.
They're like ball bearings is what this man has for balls.
How do you like that?
And it does have a bearing on what's going on here man.
We're not going to show for the dolphin just because with the dolphin station we never have except him.
Even Mr. Weaver.
Even Mr. Weaver man.
All they had to do was like think about making a bad play and right away he turned on him like a rat
which I'm not saying we have to do.
But you'll recall those days I'm sure those of you veterans who suffered through that
and probably wish you were still suffering from it because guess what we got now.
Like I said guess what we got now is what I said.
There you go.
Okay we have an open line on the 18th wireless to purple line pound IOD one on a green line on this
cathartic Monday we're going to give it out of our systems.
It's more than just a guy damn ballgame.
It's a whole philosophy of life evidently.
This man that's and DFO you know see DFO's problem is he's too nice of a guy you know
he's just the old corny a guy you know you don't expect guys from the earth to be corny
but DFO is he's got more corny and ten minutes than you'll find in the whole state of Iowa.
But that's just the way he is and he's not a confrontational guy so in mandates just out of
the blue turned on him like a rat like a cornered rat I guess he just didn't know how to do
except extend that tongue.
A lot of people extending a lot of tongues these days here's a mobile on the alley hello.
Hello Neil yes sir never called you before listening since before the bird yes Neil the thing is
yeah Brian Cox is an apple he has got the worst attitude of any ball player I've ever seen.
I think I think that we can unanimously agree except for mandates Brian Cox is an asshole I think
we can agree with that.
So my **** yeah and the thing is is I don't believe he's an asset to the team and I think Phil
Henry is a genius.
Yes he is and I have one thing is that if that's what it comes down to my choosing between Phil Henry
and Brian Cox that's a no-brainer you know what I'm saying.
And it's not even a contest.
Yeah but let me say something for let me say something on tape later.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
It is.
Bye.
Okay pal see the audience they got there are priorities right they know what the else going on
because they've been following this thing for like a year and a half now they've seen the origins of
it and if you're going to be in a public spotlight if you're going to be in the public eye
and you don't have a sense of humor then you've got a real problem but I think today we can
maybe there will be a couple of suck holes out there but I think it's almost the
anonymous we can agree that Brian Cox is.
At all.
Exactly.
And now of course Brian's going to have to go speaking to schools tell a little kids oh my
kids are all upset and I'm not an asshole.
Well how do you prove that?
How do you prove it?
I mean he went around speaking to kids to prove that he wasn't out of control in a maniac or
ludic whatever they were calling him in the media.
So now he's going to go I have to run around a school first tell the kids that he's not a
homo and number two that he's not an asshole.
How do you do that?
Because quite frankly I know that if I'm a jock after a ball game even if it was a tough game
or a good game or whatever and that was after a win that was after they won the goddamn game
and I talked to a guy who supposedly a friend of mine and a show for me all the time and I look
him in the face and I say I'm an asshole.
Agreed?
Agreed?
Yes.
Okay.
So we can all be in agreement right?
Yes.
Here is for Lauderdale hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
It's a pretty vacation.
Yeah it was great.
I got a baby little too.
Oh yeah.
It's always better when you win yes?
A little mini uh you had a little one?
A jingle.
Okay.
Ryan Cox.
Ryan Cox.
He made me ill to life throw up some chunks with a suck my duck and give manage the bone.
Please go back home and make your boyfriend moan.
Oh!
All right.
Thank you.
So yeah.
Okay that was your words doing a voice.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463 you know what that's the gap 2.30 you never know
that Joe could do voices that well.
It's 10 after 11 at W.I.O.D.
Now is the time to get your home ready for the holidays.
They're almost here.
They're almost the pannis baby.
It's time to give your home a brand new look by replacing that worn out out of
style wallpaper.
Forget going over to the home supply stores.
Forget munking around with that.
Forget about those overpriced fancy wallpaper stores.
Call the in-home wallpaper shopping service wallpaper by K-Tamus.
They make the whole deal a breeze.
Just one phone call and Tommy Cortez comes right to your house.
Takes a look at the construction of your walls and tells you what kind of paper is
right for you.
You'll get to choose your paper right in your home and that gives you a better idea
of what it's going to look like when it's up.
Finally the wallpaper by K-Tamus professionals never subcontractors from off of an
anavote.
They pros come in and get your job done perfectly.
I mean as well as could be done under the sun.
Wallpaper by let me say it again.
Wallpaper by K-Tamus is the only place that'll give you a two-year guarantee on both
the paper and the labor.
In other words you can't beat him.
Call the pros who come right to you and do a great job every time.
Whether it's one room, a whole house, whatever.
Wallpaper by K-Tamus called 1-800-749-Hang.
1-800-749-HA-NG.
You know what they do really needed the panther's game?
What's that?
Every time somebody scores a goal they throw rats out under the eye.
So let's do that for the dolphins.
Get them going.
Every time they score a touchdown we'll throw an F&G of Brian Cox out on the field.
What kind of like a rat?
It's kind of an insult to rats.
And then when they score you'd say hey, throw out your Brian.
Because I'm not going to say what you think I'm going to say.
Rick and I, 6 to 10 am on News Talk at Intercanement Radio, 610-W-I-O-D.
Look at the **** on that blonde man.
11-13 to W-I-O-D.
Why did I just play that?
I'll tell you why.
Because here's a man we just got through here hearing them say like 20 minutes ago
about he lives in a world where there's blacks and whites and no shades of gray
where everything is either right or wrong.
Which of course is a crocker crap.
But nevertheless didn't he just say that?
That's something is either right or wrong and that if there are like seven words
that you're not allowed by the FCC to say on the air that even if you're a
jockey still can't say it on the air.
Look at the **** on that blonde man.
Right there from W-I-O-D radio about two years ago.
Right on Sports Talk, okay?
You see, man, it's you don't practice what you preach, baby.
You're a goddamn hypocrite and you try any way out of the sun to rationalize
your ass sucking performance when it comes to Don Shula, Dan Merino,
or anybody who wears that goddamn dolphin uniform.
The assistant coaches who are ineptes the day is long.
Oh yeah, but I don't know anything about it.
He's the expert.
You see, when you're too close to a situation, you have no objectivity.
You can't be the expert.
You're right in the middle of it.
When you're right there in the locker room, dropping at so pleating,
oh, here, here, let me pick it up for you, okay?
Then you got a little bit of a problem being objective.
You can't see the forest for the knees.
Huh? Isn't that our new slogan out in the locker room?
You can't see the forest for the knees.
The knees?
How'd she get in a bus?
Here's Boka. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
You have a nice vacation.
It wasn't a vacation.
I just went for a three-day weekend.
Don't keep saying vacation because I have a vacation coming up
and then everybody's going to say another vacation already.
Okay, I got two fiery ports for you.
Wasn't it a holiday Friday?
It was Veterans.
Brandy's Tate were pitiful.
Yeah.
I had to turn a channel.
Really?
Yeah, they were pretty bad.
Pretty lame.
And I got another one for you.
Is Hank Goldberg, the number one rated pop show host
in the two to six slot?
No, he is absolutely not.
Well, that's what they're claiming on QAM.
They said that all.
Yeah, one in one demographic.
Well, you know, so what they're looking,
they can say they're number one in pigmies.
Nobody with a brain believes any of that crap.
Right.
I think they know the problem with frying top.
Yeah.
It's called steroid rage.
What do you know what it is?
Too much steroid.
You're the one that said that.
Maybe Steve Emman came in a town and loaned him some.
See, see to me if there was anything
that was actionable concerning sports
that's ever been set on the station.
It was managed ripping into Emman about steroids
when he was only guessing.
Now, he could be correct.
I don't know for sure, but that to me seems actionable.
You know what I'm saying?
10-4.
Right.
I hear you.
Hey, buddy, the panthers are looking really good.
They're kicking in.
He's doing it.
He is doing it.
They're right next to Orac.
They are doing it.
Of course, tomorrow night, I'm going to have a little bit
of a problem because it's the one who visit
by my Toronto Maple Leafs in the town every year.
And I will be wearing my Maple Leafs jacket
and my blue and white.
And you know something if you don't like it too bad, okay?
I'll try to be quiet.
I'll try to suppress my emotions
and not make too much of a jackass out of myself.
But when you've been a fan of a team for 37 years,
you don't just, and especially,
you don't give it up for a team
that's going to be leaving any minute.
As much as I love my panthers and I do,
and yes, I will be there at the Vancouver Game Thursday night.
But tomorrow night, it's, you know,
you'll have to excuse me, okay?
Here's the bokeh on eight.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
What is it?
How you doing?
I did good.
I got what you're saying.
How you doing?
I got a CDS.
I actually had it in bulk.
I bought this book.
It's what?
There's no CD in my borders book.
Not yet.
Opening any day, though,
and for a lot of day, I bought it.
It's up, but you'll see these in there.
Not on the six-hundreds, you see these in there.
They're not?
Nope.
Why not?
I have no idea.
They didn't have everything to hurry you.
I'll tell you what you're doing.
You too?
Are you crappin' me?
I'm sure.
I've heard of borders in my little screen there, I suppose.
I had a question.
I'll just be first brought on a data.
Yes, I am.
At the end of the day, the product said,
if you don't listen to some show,
you don't know the ICK word, the CUC said.
Yeah.
If you don't listen to the show, you don't know Dick.
Yeah.
Well, that's probably the PD over there.
I couldn't get the flip after the...
Because it depends on usage.
If you can say spotted dick,
which you got and know something about,
are you British?
Yep.
Well, you know spotted dick.
That's true.
Probably a lot of guys that over-
haven't launched,
are gonna have you having that today.
Okay.
All right, deal.
Okay.
Of course, let me dish back.
Yes, sir.
I'll move.
I'll map me.
Get her up.
You'll find her's back.
Okay, tata.
We have an open line.
Is that what they have for lunch?
Or is the Adolphin Training Headquarters spotted dick?
Maybe.
Now, wait a minute.
You know something.
It just dawns on me.
Maybe we must understood that.
Maybe Brian was offering a manage,
a little snack.
So, my d-
You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
Didn't Adolphin's play?
No, they've played in Japan one.
Here, I'm wondering if they ever played
an exhibitionist game in England.
We'll figure it out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What does he, as yes, sir?
What about those dolphins now?
They're doing it.
Yeah, you're uh...
They're doing it with great regularity.
Your page has finally got those dolphins.
Yep.
Well, see when we play a girls team, we have a chance of winning.
Yeah, I want to see them calling now and talk about the dolphins.
Yeah, give me crap about Drew Bledsohn
about how they don't have any receivers.
Brisbane made what help when I was catch there.
And how about that deflection catch the coach caught
for the touchdown, the Enzo.
That looked pretty good to me.
And Curtis Martin running like a maniac.
They looked okay to me yesterday.
They're coming along.
What about that girl, Marino?
Yep.
Breaking all the records and all the...
Oops, there goes the ball.
One thing, I just started the act and the diet.
Yeah.
And I can't eat no eggs.
What do I eat for breakfast?
It's just a thing.
What do you mean you can't eat no eggs?
You can eat...
I'm allergic to it.
Oh, I see.
How about bacon?
How about ham?
Okay.
How about like a breakfast steak?
How about sausages?
Okay, and our sausage, uh...
You can't get the one with sugar in it though, right?
Yeah, you just...
Forget about the sugar.
If it's got the...
No nitrates and if it's got like very little sugar,
don't worry about it.
Okay.
You got to check the carb grams.
That's the only thing you need to worry about
is carbohydrates.
Okay, now.
Okay.
And closing.
Do you spag?
High zinger.
Okay.
Okay.
See ya.
Dean and Colwayne and douchebag, did he?
My God.
All these owners, man, all you sports owners, kiss our ass.
We're in High Linger.
If you were a sports fan, how'd you like to be looking at Houston right now?
They're getting the double whammy.
The Astros were leaving.
And the oilers were leaving.
In fact, the oilers were leaving.
They should pack them in sandwich.
They're good riddance.
Oh, and then part of the deal with the oilers is
that one of the things that they work on,
and also with the Astros,
they want a new stadium by the end of the century,
which is like in five years or less.
They got the Astro dome, which granted was built back in the 60s,
but it was the first dome stadium.
And still a pretty dang good shape.
But this is the new deal.
Now, either built me new stadium.
I'm going to pick up my goodies and leave.
Well, see ya.
Huh?
I think the sports fans, all 10 of us left in America
because people are getting pretty goddamn
disgusted paying this big money.
All to get together and send a message to all these owners.
See ya.
Yeah.
I like that.
Why do I get to go to a Cleveland now?
See ya.
What is...
See ya.
Is that the same one that's on here or not?
Wait a minute.
See ya.
Oh, it is.
Because it's got that little extra thing on it,
which I don't think the other one.
One moment, please.
Okay, I'm just checking my goods here.
How's he doing, by the way?
How's his prostate?
See ya, okay?
We don't know.
And what, wait a minute.
What do you mean we don't know?
Hasn't he called in to see how we don't?
See how we don't tell him?
You heard it was not a tumor?
What is it?
An infection.
It was just an infection?
See ya, buddy.
And I was feeling so sorry for him.
Now let's start ripping him again.
Okay, we have an open line in day at 751.
Are you serious?
That's the rumor.
Oh, the rumor is, Jazmique does not have a big tumor on his prostate.
It's just an infection.
I wonder where a guy like that would get an infection.
Here is probably on his prostate.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Welcome home.
Thanks.
Yeah, you already heard it.
Grantee Roads was pathetic.
Yeah.
Thank you, Danielle.
Neil, I'm calling specifically about Phil Henry.
I know you think he's a genius, sir.
No, I don't think.
Now, didn't you call me once before with the same comments?
No, sir.
Never.
Okay.
Never did this first time I've called him.
Okay.
I'm going to see you for 20 years.
Because anybody that starts messing with Phil Henry is going to have to step over my body.
I'll tell you that.
Well, this is my problem.
My problem is is that my, my wife's grandmother called him a week ago in the afternoon.
What is she calling?
Call him to speak to him on the telephone.
Yeah.
Phil had my wife's grandmother on the floor dialing the telephoto.
Oh, I love it.
With her nose.
She was the moron, huh?
Yeah, but the problem is that Neil is beautiful up to a point.
The problem is the lady had a heart attack.
Yeah.
While she was on the floor, I went her telephone with her nose.
This was your mother-in-law?
My wife's grandmother.
Oh, your wife's grandmother?
Why didn't she be having a party then?
All right.
Have a nice life.
Okay.
Boy, that was weak, huh?
That was really lame.
Who's that guy?
Was that one the writers for the Sun Sentinel?
I was probably Ray Wretched.
We have an open line in date, 7519,
for us, that was so lame, Paula.
It was so weak.
See, that's the sense of humor that people out there.
When you find somebody with a real sense of humor like Phil Henry,
you should cherish him and cuddle him and suck his ass instead of like
ripping him like this Rachel bitch at the Sun Sentinel.
Wouldn't know a good radio show if they stuffed the whole guide damn radio up her butt.
You're a simpleton Rachel, okay?
Another one at one of Andy's friends.
What does that tell you?
I'm sorry, Randy.
I don't mean you.
Andy Cald.
What a his friends.
That answers it all to me.
1122 at WIOD, when you consider auto security, think about this.
Over 90% of the stolen cars found with low jack also had alarm systems.
Some of them even had factory alarm systems.
But these cars were stolen and had to be found using low jack,
the stolen vehicle recovery system.
Because guess what?
The alarms didn't get them back.
Don't rely on half a security system.
A factory alarm is great.
It's a good start to protect your car from your writers or amateur thieves.
But no factory alarm can defeat the dedicated professional thieves
who strip your car for parts.
They know how to get it.
So to beat the pros, you've got to add low jacks, stolen vehicle recovery device
to your alarm system for total security.
When you visit your new or used car dealer, ask about low jacks free,
car alarm offer.
Low jack will help make sure your car is fully protected from the amateurs
and the professionals alike.
So get the low down on low jack on participating auto dealers in software,
which is just about all of them.
Our call is toll free number and they'll help set you up with low jack
in the car you're driving now.
1-800-53-LO-JACK.
1-800-535-6522 for low jacks,
the stolen vehicle recovery system that gives you peace of mind.
And guess what?
It works.
And kick your way to the Super Bowl with noor lights
and news talk and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil, this is Randy West.
And if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy,
you should try girls.
You haven't already seen jumping over her fence,
snooping down the trees.
Don't get too close to her.
You might catch your disease.
You said you wished you'd marry or to kill her.
Why don't you just make up your fake mind?
You'll fall your wrist and whip them down a cril's hub.
See her behind.
Stoking Madonna, dying to get her love.
For your husband, cut her from the stume of sex.
Oh.
OK, love with 28 at WI-D, where we stand for something.
We'll figure out what it is.
We stand for being like irreverent.
How's that?
There's a good word we're irreverent.
And we don't have no sacred cows here.
Even if they do wear a goddamn jockstrap.
How do you like that, man?
And by the way, five nothing against the girls' school.
And Michigan right there in that armoured front of a hundred
and three thousand people.
Oh, my God.
Against Purdue.
Even Bob Greasy, no word for Purdue anymore.
That's how bad they are, OK?
Unbelievable.
Five nothing.
Michigan State, by the way, pounded Indiana right there in Indiana.
I just thought I would mention that.
The same Michigan State team that beat up on Michigan
the week before, I just thought I would mention that too.
And came from behind twice in the late stages
and kicked their ass in East Lansing.
So I think that's what's causing them to go through this period.
Maybe needs to pull the string.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, those dolphins suck.
Yeah.
How about you ever watch the Shula Show?
Yeah, but if they win next weekend,
somebody will be calling and saying,
hey, how about those dolphins?
Superbowl, baby.
Right.
You're all I do not watch the Shula show under penalty of death.
Uh, watch it for a minute.
Watch Shula's hands, man.
They shake like hell.
And somebody was telling me he's becoming like Howard Cossel, Jr.
I think on IOD from now on instead of shoes, we call him shake.
I like it.
You know, shoes and shakes.
We're calling shakes.
I'm Shula.
I'm f***ing.
Oh.
I like it.
How about, um, what happens to these players like Eric Green
and uh, Antmen and M.
They, they, they, they're great.
Ray Armstrong.
Then they get to the dolphins and they suck.
Yeah, how about Tarell Buckley?
Although he wasn't great in Green Bay.
They boot his ass out of there and uh, dolphins didn't learn their lesson.
Yeah, well, you're watching the dolphins secondary, man.
You can't complain about their play because they don't.
They can, they call JB Brown, JB Burns.
Yep.
Toast.
How about, uh, play on it?
It's another 20 harder.
Oh, did he?
Oh, yeah.
I didn't see that.
I might see the game because I was old.
And again, it was only going to be 18 yarder, but uh, Brian Cox jumped off side.
So it's a 10 yard penalty.
10 yard penalty for left side.
Yeah, for off side.
How do you get a 10 yard penalty for off side?
Whatever it was.
Five yards.
Yeah.
So five yards back.
So then he also threw a summit down there before they haven't got a 15.
He says he always does that, though.
Yeah.
You know, they just don't usually catch it.
And I got a bigger ass lichter than Mandage.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sofilo.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my god.
Yeah, but he's got a lot of practice.
Yeah.
From my enclosing.
Yeah.
Mandage.
You suck old.
Okay.
I like that.
A little more enthusiasm the next time.
I'm not going to do it myself because that would be bad.
And then he might take it personal, which I don't really care because he, uh,
he's an ass-licker man.
Mandage is a professional ass-licker.
I read this guy.
I mean, I knew he was a homer, not a homo, a homer.
But I didn't realize just the extent to which it goes.
I mean, this transcends.
It's like most of these jocks, especially in football, more so than any other sport.
To them, that's the beginning and end.
In other words, their whole existence, like Shula is football.
Can you imagine sitting down and talking to Don Shula about the assassination of Yitzhak
Rabin for a couple of minutes?
Can you imagine that?
He wouldn't know Yitzhak Rabin from Marvel, even.
Oh, and another Jewish guy.
Yeah, I know him.
Seriously, stop and think about that for a minute.
Hey, Johnny D.
How you doing?
By the way, they say hi at KISS.
They want to give you a big one.
Yeah.
By the way, Johnny D.
Nolan's got a message for all the people over at WQAM and KISS.
I don't know if we can say it on the ear or not.
I think he was saying.
Fuck my ****.
There it was.
We have an open line on the Green Line, 1-800-944-9463-1849-444-WYOD.
Do you ever see Johnny and the Alfred the Chipmunk together, by the way?
Here's a homestead on a purple line.
Hello.
Homestead on that purple line.
I got that radio blasting in the back.
Man, oh man, just imagine the hours of 300-training there getting.
Okay, up your ass.
Open line on the purple line, pond IOD.
Let's do for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I heard the Randy Road show on Friday.
Yeah.
It was a little surprising tuning into here.
The Neil Rogers, the best of hearing a Randy Road's last show.
The worst of, yeah.
Okay.
And I don't see what it's saying.
Don't ask me what it's all about.
This was another Steve Nicol production.
Don't ask me.
Well, what they were trying to do was
during the promos and the rejoin.
You know, you had Mr.
Mr. Big D. Boy saying, you know,
this is the show where Randy Road's lost it on the air.
Yeah.
And she didn't do anything.
All she was going to say,
I'm sick of this place.
I hate these people.
I'm quitting on Monday and I'm just saying goodbye tonight.
So they were trying to make her look bad
and she made this place look bad.
Yeah, they were trying to look like
like another Alex Bennett thing
where he just went crazy on the air.
And all she said was this place sucks.
I hate the management.
Right.
When I quit on Monday, they won't let me come back
and say goodbye tonight.
Right.
Everything right so far.
And so I don't know where they get off thinking that, you know,
this is going to make Randy look crazy or something.
Maybe this was our way of apologizing,
giving her a chance, you know,
getting a little bit of apology.
And it was pretty.
The funny thing was her last show,
which is what?
You're in a hand to go.
Right.
She's telling everyone I've got these offers
from here and these offers from there.
And I've got a whole thing lined up
and where is she now?
Tano.
West Palm Beach.
Wow.
Okay.
Yeah, at least at least she's not here.
And that even if it was only JNO,
she's not here.
And that jacket.
It was called about Phil Hendry.
Yeah.
He called he'll let me.
Check that.
He called Phil Hendry last week.
With the same with his mother last time.
Oh, give me a little.
My mother had a heart attack.
Another one of these old parts
who wishes that Vaudeville were still around
so he could be doing a thing over there on the beach.
You know, I mean, this guy's an asshole.
Phil is God.
Probably hangs out with Mandage.
Okay, pal.
Bye.
See ya.
Yeah, Phil is God.
Okay, see, I know this comes
as a very revolutionary concept.
I want to tell you something.
And I want you to listen very closely.
And this is something that disturbs me greatly
about consultants and about a lot of program directors,
a lot of people in radio and television.
You can sit down and you can listen to something.
If you have any kind of knowledge,
any kind of understanding of the industry.
And you can listen to somebody.
And you know, there's some people that are like borderline
and you might waver and somebody might think,
or because they like the person personally,
they might think, yeah, I want to, they'll be okay.
But if somebody is outstanding,
you can tell.
You can hear it.
You don't have to have somebody come along and say,
well, I'm going to, I'm going to give you a big song
and a dance and a dissect their whole act.
You don't need that.
If somebody's good, you know it.
Phil Henry isn't good.
Phil Henry is great.
And I'm not just saying this on,
because he's on his station,
because we've had Dickie Farkel on his station.
We've had Delary Justice on his station.
We had Drew Michaels on his station.
We had Joy Reynolds on his station.
We've had so many losers on his state that's unbelievable.
And I never came on here and said,
oh, man, that Dickie Farkel, he's going to be great at night.
Did I ever say that?
Of course not.
I told you, he sucked and he did and he still does.
He's another one up there in Palm Beach.
But Phil Henry is a rare talent.
You have to search long.
