Discover Diuretics.
Is life worth endless nightmare of confusion and chaos leading to a bleak nothingness?
Or is it just me, PJ?
Why do I have dreams about my mother in Sarama?
Page 69.
Why did I give my life savings to a bizarre cult religion founded by a bad science fiction writer?
Page 1999.
Am I worthy of seventh-level Zardazar?
Am I a butthead?
Page 25.
25.
5.
Discover Diuretics.
Flushing questions from the mind.
Feel the power.
Feel the movement.
Diuretics by Elrond Hubbub over 20 million copy soul.
Can you believe it?
Yeah, sure can because there's at least a hundred million dummies out there and I think
most of them are listening to us.
Don't forget Phil Henry, two to six this afternoon.
I'm going to start promoting the goddamn Phil Henry show.
Did you?
I'm telling you I did.
I went on for like an hour about that two to three hour yesterday.
I'm going to promote this man.
I'm going to stand on my hand.
I'm going to do cartwheels.
I'm going to buy my own billboards out there just to promote Phil Henry because it's beneficial
to all of us because there might be a little slop over.
In fact, we would have thought since the passion bitch went up just a hair at night.
I can't say what kind of hair.
She went up a little hair at night.
So there'd be some slop over from that.
She wouldn't you think just a little.
Squirt, Squirt.
Oh, Norbert, oh, cleaned it up.
So anyway, it's 1207 at W.I.O.D.
Everybody in the building can curse.
They wasted like a million and a half bucks on Howard and Chicago with the same company
that if we have a cart machine that's broken, well, we can't be bothered with that in
here because we're building a new building and if you live long enough, we might be in
there.
Wouldn't that be great if we were in that new building right now in Hollywood?
Oh, God, would that be a beautiful thing.
Here's a lady on South Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I'm coming out of the woodwork.
You're coming out?
Yes.
Okay.
I just got back.
I've been in Los Angeles for two months and I was there when the verdict was read.
Were you under jury?
No.
No.
But do you know Cato has his own radio station out there?
His own radio station, but he's on a radio show.
Yeah, radio show.
Isn't that sad?
It's pathetic.
That goes to show you.
He's like this man.
Yeah.
Very popular and they just, they're into him.
They're into him?
Yeah.
Based on what?
I don't know.
He fits out there.
He's like that burnt out surfer look.
Everybody's like that out there.
Right.
Exactly.
Oh, my God.
Right.
And I came back here and there's nothing here either.
Right.
So.
I don't think Los Angeles and Miami are like the two hot spots right now.
No, well, I was like, although they don't have the parrots
younger out there.
So we got that up on.
We got to leg up on them.
They don't have a sky.
No, they don't or what?
Or what?
Or blimp?
They don't have the good year blimp right?
But I mean, there's nothing here either, Neil.
I mean, this is a very dying town.
Your kin.
No, I know you.
But I'm a young, vital woman and I don't know what to do.
You're a young, vital woman.
Yeah.
I guarantee you we could find a lot of guys.
Young, vital guys out there will give you a busy like 20 hours
of the day at least.
Well, I know I've been listening to your show for years.
And if there are guys who listen to your show,
I don't know what to do.
You don't know what to do with them?
No.
Well, maybe they can give you a little instruction.
Maybe.
OK.
Take it easy, Neil.
See you at one of our appearances.
I guarantee you we'll line them up for you.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, maybe I will come because I never go to any of your things.
There you go.
Come to one of my things.
OK, baby.
OK, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
She's going to come to one of our things.
We're going to have like a gang bang right there
right in the middle of the mall.
What's wrong with that?
She sounds like she's cooperative.
She's looking for a little excitement in her life, OK?
She's tired of all these deadbeat places like L.A. and Miami.
God.
Go somewhere it is like a little bit of action.
It's your right here.
751, we do have the Piratechunger.
Look, God.
See, that call was really better than any call it
Phil had yesterday in its own way.
Not as funny, but really better,
because that was the epitome of what these people think.
These parochial little people who've never
been more than two blocks from Dateland.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Wait a minute.
Like I said, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I did see that thing on Ray Seale's cousin last night.
Right.
That's just, I don't know what to say about.
It's a disgrace.
I mean, this kind of stuff you know it goes on all the time.
And the only time we ever hear about it is if it's somebody,
you know, happens to somebody famous, it's called a...
Right.
I mean, here's a guy who was a black guy who evidently was,
you know, well dressed.
He was driving a Jaguar, not a deadbeat.
He was driving through a white neighborhood
and a black guy in a white neighborhood that said,
old story, they're still doing a porn guy's over.
And then what happened?
They probably pulled him over.
You know, they started giving him a hard time.
Yeah.
I got all pissed off about it.
Right.
And it was like three of them and one of him.
Yep.
And he's dead.
Yeah, it's sad.
I mean, you know, where's this kind of...
Where, where, how far have we come, you know?
I mean, sure, blacks aren't slaves anymore, but, you know...
And see, all these people that were so whipped up
talking about the Farrakhan March and talking about the OJ thing,
all it is is lip service because they don't really give a crap.
They don't care.
Right.
I mean, it's like, I, you know, I'm a little concerned about it,
but you know, it's just, you know, it's the fact,
you know, it'll blow over and then I'll forget about it.
They make it into a big media circus and then people pretend
that they give a crap, but as soon as that's over with,
well, let's see, what do we got on Haralo today?
What's Jenny Jones got on, you know,
what's the next thing that we can sink our teeth into?
Right.
I mean, I'm concerned about it, but, you know,
what can I do?
What am I going to do about it, you know?
I mean, it's just tough, I don't know what, you know.
What can you say?
Go out of the passport office, be a good idea.
Hey, and I said, in case.
I feel Henry's saying yesterday it was great.
And I heard you say you wanted to start a promote in him a lot.
I just, I was wondering if you could play that
so Henry's song you have.
Which one is that one that starts out?
My manager told me.
Yeah.
Oh, what is that college urge?
That fill thing.
That thing's great.
Oh, feels twisted.
Yeah.
OK.
You just got it.
See you.
Open line of dates.
751 100, Broward 524.
What is this thing?
Yeah, but let me say something for.
Let me say something.
All right.
Yeah.
OK.
All right.
OK.
But the, the, the, all right.
Did you, are you, are you sure?
Yeah, but wait.
Yeah.
But wait a second.
Boy, yeah.
All right.
There it is.
Just a little preview of the Phil Henry show from two to six.
Got your hockey tickets here.
Phil, that's your reward for doing that great hour between two and three yesterday.
And in the tip off on his town like that woman was asked,
asking what's this all about?
The article about Margaret and Phil.
It's in the, uh, hero living today section on page 80.
There's a sentence in here that should give you an idea.
It says we should let you know.
We think Margaret is a disgrace.
Apparently, however, you don't enough of you tune into make Henry show two to six
PM weekdays, one of the top rated English language talk shows in South Florida.
Where else in the United States of America?
Could you find a newspaper column about a radio guy?
And it would say his show is one of the top rated English language shows in South
Florida.
Stop and think about it.
Ponder it.
But player, but I'm practicing in the afternoon.
I listen to Phil Henry to the six on W I O D.
He keeps me uplifted informed and stood.
Henry, two to six PM on news, talking entertainment radio, six 10 W I O D.
No solamente is Hank Goldberg.
Tamying es un equipo fotamo.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I was right out of my head.
And Danny said Phil Henry was using a voice instead.
Such lies.
I didn't listen to his jive.
I knew all along.
He was all wrong.
And I knew that he thought.
Are you sure?
That I was crazy, but I'm not.
Oh, no.
Yeah, but wait a second.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I was a little confused.
And I said, hey, Bobby.
Yeah.
I didn't call to get abused this way.
I heard a show just the other day.
I think you ought to know what he did on his show.
I was very up all.
That's the reason why I call.
Yeah, but let me say something, Frist.
Let me say something.
This woman named Margaret calls her show quite a lot.
And I don't want to listen to the suck up voice.
Not I know you think Phil is a genius.
And that is okay.
I just feel that way.
But here what I say.
I didn't think it was a bit funny.
Especially when he talked about the aborted baby fetuses.
With the cock that saws on top.
Yeah, but did you, are you, are you, are you sure?
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I could use some couch time, but I should have made me.
Yeah.
You'd let me speak my mind.
You'll find.
I didn't think it was very kind.
One baseball was played by the crippled and blind.
And to make matters worse.
Yeah.
Passion phones with Sonny Hirsch.
Oh no.
All right, all right.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I was right out of my head.
And then he said, lady.
Your two easily misled because you should know Phil Henry shows you naked new.
So why don't you relax and have a value more too?
Cause you don't know if you've got to talk to Bobby Green or not.
And you know three voices are better than one.
Use son of a bitch.
Probably 18 at WI DSC lunchman is here with our lunch today,
which is outstanding from Stan's stage.
Delhi where they got great stuff.
They got all the Atkins stuff.
They got these special hot dogs and they got the cheese cake and they got great stuff.
We love Carol.
We love Stan.
We love the Adele.
Okay, we love everybody.
We love the lunch man.
Two open lines in day.
7519463 751 WI even Annie's finagling free lunch every day.
Here's a lady in the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Now you worked at the FASCIS Prison Women that were sitting out there doing absolutely nothing.
And even though I'm working, I decided to go ahead and call you.
Well listen, that grace.
You answered my plea.
I answered your plea.
Great.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
OJ or the...
Anything that tickles your fancy?
Did you were impressed by the fact that OJ didn't attend his birthday?
His daughter's 10th birthday party, isn't it?
I think it's absolutely disgusting.
I mean, if he claims to be such a good father and all this and not only that he didn't attend,
but the fact that he was out there with this Paula one last year.
It's going around.
Yeah.
Right.
It's absolutely disgusting.
Right.
So, but...
And it's not even a claim that the grandparents didn't want to let him have the kids.
I haven't heard that anywhere either.
Yeah.
So he doesn't even have a defense in that respect.
Right.
So, and with regard to the Paula woman hanging around with him, I agree with the call this morning that in the work of FUDs,
she's safe.
He's not gonna touch her.
You sure?
Positive.
Positive.
Well, there's nothing positive in this world, Paula.
Yeah, but there's a lot of talk about him moving to another country.
And I mean, Panama City, that's close to another country, but there is a lot of talk that they want to pick up and move to a foreign country
because he can't escape all the derision here and all the psychosis.
And of course, if...
If they can't escape it anywhere, I mean, this was worldwide.
Yeah.
So, I don't think they paid too much attention, a lot of other places.
You'd be surprised.
Didn't really care that much.
Oh, it really wasn't that important.
The only thing that was going out of proportion.
So, she pisses him off if he catches her screwing around.
They might just be hopping on a plane.
That's why I always carries that passport.
Yeah.
That's probably true.
But I still think if they stay here, she's safe because he's got to prove to the world that he is squeaky clean and pretried.
Yeah, he's fine.
Wouldn't you think that after they spent all that money and they got him off that he would...
That would be satisfactory, but instead it's like he's still trying to prove it.
Like he denies that we don't believe it, but in his mind he knows none of us believe it.
Yeah.
Now let me tell you something.
I don't believe he didn't do it.
All right.
I believe he probably did do it.
Yeah.
But I do agree that because of the system, the way it's set up nowadays.
Because it sucks, yeah.
Which it sucks.
And I work within the system, so I know it better than maybe some other people.
And I still think it was a good verdict because it shows the reasonable doubt that it works.
So, let's assume he hadn't done it.
And everything was pointing in his direction.
Yeah.
At least he got off and there was some reasonable doubt just because of the evidence.
Now, I do believe he probably did it.
Yeah.
But it was a good verdict.
It was a good verdict even though it's probably not the truth.
Okay.
And of course the tabloid chose to agree with it because if he wouldn't have got off they would have no material now.
Right?
It's true.
Okay. Have a great day.
See ya.
Right.
Open line of Broward 5249463.
What are you frowning about in there?
She says it was a good verdict based on the way the evidence.
The evidence, you know, they did a crappy job.
So let's let him go out there and play golf.
He's out there playing golf.
His daughters have an or 10th birthday party back in Brentwood and L.A.
And he's playing golf and screwed around with Pauli and Panama City.
And looking in the camera and laughing.
And he's just laughing at all of you, baby.
He's laughing at us.
And you.
1221 at W.I.O.D.
Over the years the tradition of Lorenzo's Italian center in North Miami Beach has continued to grow.
And now, good news, especially for all of us in Broward.
Now that tradition and commitment to freshness and service comes to Broward announcing the opening of Ben and Bob's in Western.
Ben and Bob's not to be confused with Don and Bob's, by the way, if you're from Rochester.
But close, Ben and Bob's is a market in the same tradition of Lorenzo's with a fabulous wine selection.
The best meat under the sun.
Great Delhi department, incredible produce department.
The freshest seafood in South Florida.
Fresh pasta sauces and lots more.
Ben and Bob's is also going to have all of the Dr. Radkin's diet foods available.
Plus catering services and gourmet food baskets as well.
So instead of schlepping all the way down to North Miami Beach.
Now the tradition and commitment to freshness and service of Lorenzo's Italian center comes to Broward at Ben and Bob's fresh produce and seafood market.
It's in the Indian Trace Shopping Center that's a 1368 Southwest 160th Avenue in Western.
Called 389-6169. 389-6169.
Get your ass in there today.
The 96 Toyota's are rolling in by the truckload at Phil Smith Toyota.
The eight is to the streets with deals with nobody.
The peace and nobody.
Peace and deal be there.
Other dealers may be caught short on 96 Toyota's but not Phil Smith Toyota.
Choose from over 200 in stock with more rolling and daily.
Why buy that deer field dealer's leftover 95 yourself for 89.95 when Phil Smith is rolling back prices on every 96.
That dealer in Coconut Creek wants to unload 95 avalanches for 2399.
But Phil Smith has unbeatable prices on every 96.
So why buy a 95?
During the 96 rollout the deal beaders are rolling back prices on factory fresh 96 Toyota right now.
Catch one before it rolls away at Phil Smith Toyota on Sunrise Boulevard next to the Swap Shop between 441 and I 95.
Hands down the best deals and sound nobody peace best gets on your line.
Something's going on in South Florida and you better watch for it.
News 4 South Florida.
You better watch for breaking stories for on-scene coverage for the whole picture.
News 4 South Florida.
For Bob Soapers weather for Steve Shapiro's sports.
News 4 South Florida.
For experience reporting with Barbara Sloan and Cambrale Marshall.
News 4 South Florida.
News 4 South Florida.
Watch for it.
Pay attention.
I'm going to tell you about Thursday.
It's not just the day before Friday anymore.
Now it's the day that you've got another choice to make about what to watch on TV because now Thursday's got murder she wrote.
Yes you heard me right.
Murder she wrote an Angela Lansbury on Thursday.
Then Mary Tyler Moore and Madeline Con had up New York News and New Dramatic series.
Thursday Angela Lansbury, Mary Tyler Moore, Madeline Con.
Thursday.
Murder she wrote a date, New York News at 9 tonight on WFOR 4 South Florida.
It's fall.
The season of change.
So we changed our prices.
All through the store.
It's Sears Day's in a brand central.
There's a Kenmore washer and dryer.
You can get it close out prices.
But only while quantities last.
The washers 340-888.
The dryers only 290-888.
Save 72 dollars on the fare.
Dryer available and electric only.
Prices may vary in Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico.
So hurry in and get to Sears Day's and get many of our lowest prices of the season.
Before the season changes.
610-WIOD.
We're loud and we're not going away.
Colonel Denny McSalt's big king of Del Hot Dog sizzling in a box.
Announces our new chicken for heat of burger taco on the Caught Fish Salad Supreme.
The ultimate fast food experience.
Try it with our new bite-sized parts and pieces.
Or our special tantalizing secret mustard barbecue teriyaki honey ranch horse radish.
And win one of over 1 million prizes.
In our new pick the team choose a number of off the spots.
Pind the wheels, bank the mug.
Nobody ever gets anything sweet steaks at any of our over 7 billion locations city wide.
Colonel Denny McSalt's big king of Del Hot Dog sizzling in a box.
If we don't have it, you can't get it here.
Yep, there's nothing like a dog sizzling in a box.
10-12-12-26 at WIOD.
Thanks again, Carol.
Taty and sausage, Carbohydrate free.
A little bit of that.
Just a little carb sauce.
Like Dina going to heaven.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm just starting that access to the diet.
I started it again.
Back in sin, yeah.
Yeah, yesterday.
I need to know if you need to get on that all those vitamins when you first started.
You got the book?
Yes.
Yeah.
I don't understand.
Do I need to get on the diet?
The vitamins right away?
Well, I mean, take a multiple at least right away and then work your way in with.
Get all the stuff.
I see.
All right, thanks.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
See, the whole world is on the Atkins diet.
They're not too crazy about admitting it, but they're on it.
Oh, and then my mother yesterday, she's hucking a Chinese about, well, your brother had a stroke
when he was on that diet.
He was standing there in the office one day, feeling fine.
And the next minute, he was on the floor with his mouth all twisted.
I said, just serve up the law, honey, unless you want to be the next one on the floor with your mouth all twisted.
Okay, honey?
Cut the crap.
No matter what it is, she knows better.
She's the expert.
Of course, she's fat, but she's the expert.
We have an open line in date, 751 WIWD.
We got two on a green lines, 18944, have a stroke.
Here's North Miami.
Wait a minute.
On five?
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that blimp, that panther blimp?
What is it?
They've got a pair of pounds.
I think I might own it because you've got the panther on one side, and you've got the dolphin down the other side of the pipe.
And what does it mean?
And what's your advertising of games, I guess?
Because then when the Marlins are playing, they put the marlins on the one.
I went by gas this morning.
I got 1960 prices on this gas.
Can I give the name?
Sure.
It's a Starvin Marvin, Miramar Parkway in 60-second Avenue.
They got 78, 79, 9, 89, and 99 for gas.
All right, everybody head for Starvin Marvin's, fill it up.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
See ya.
Two open lines, it did.
751 WIOD, one and broiled.
5249463.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You are God.
Yes, I am.
And Phil has got two, Phil.
What else is new?
Listen to that.
That's really good.
Yeah?
That's what you're saying yesterday.
You're right.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean I mean, I mean, I mean, and I mean, I mean, you know, the simple thing and I mean, it's the same thing i mean, I mean, it's the same thing i mean, I mean, I mean, it's the same thing i mean, I mean, I mean, I mean it's the same thing, I mean
on it's like a short and virgin
here's pember pines on a purple line hello uncle nale yes sir
a word jacky bail
jacky billed
he's in her kayak
that's in a book
uh...
what is the story on that does anybody know of your any rumors can we make up a
good story what's the deal with that
uh... i don't know if our cat fight back in the newsroom it was a cat fight i
think that's it i think somebody scratched their uh... somebody's push
and i'm on the act in the diet yes i'm going on two weeks now i've lost eight
pound
i was at two forty now i'm down to two twenty one but i lost the pounds before i
went on it okay
my doctor i want to start
i went to my doctor yesterday and told me i need to get off that diet
all you know that i have to get a good i kill yourself right
he says i would tell him
that's what i would tell him save a lot of people too
hey uh... you know he says it could cause kidney problems all that fat
but i mean with my diet anyway the way i mean i mean we read the book
but i'm not even a car but i'm not loading up on fact
right and plus if you drink a lot of water
these people are not to stay with their diet so does drink a lot of good bottled
water man give yourself some so they some avian some period
good bottled water and just when it's out flush it out i don't have to worry
about that
but i don't know if you don't know if you can tell you that work there you go
that's a way to do it and plus that'll help you lose the weight faster too
yeah we're all that's on sand notes that i cut out the doctor peppers i mean
down i mean my girlfriend saying what you can drink the diet
capping pre-cooked but i mean i cut out the doctor pecker man i'm telling you
get rid of that
what's the use yeah anyway i just want to tell you i love you show thank you very
much for the diet i waited a while before i went on it
tell other people that i know to you found a few people are still alive like i
have come with skeptical i mean you know it sounded like you know it's
back backwards from every other type of diet you hear about right so i was
kept a go i'd met but you know i want to know i'm in the first two weeks i'm
just about to get out of it when can i start eating like the uh... the reduced
uh... carbohydrate pauses at Lorenzo
uh...
down the road
down the road exactly i can't get that's still got a pretty hefty amount of
carbs and don't don't uh... you know when you lose how much you got to lose
i want to get down to one eighty but how much you way now
two twenty one
so you still got about forty pounds to go so don't uh... don't push too many of
the carbs in the area you know all depending on how fast you lose it just
ease back into it more vegetable salads you know stuff like that before you
start adding too many other things
another thing that book told me yeah
told me that i may have like a literally a yeast infection
right from the uh... antibiotics right
and taking a garlic pill yeah i think it's actually before it's like
rounded now i have a little flatness on there
there you go dr. ackons is the second god act as is god okay pal
love you but keep it up
yep near Roger save soft water but of course some of the road here we don't
know nothing about that all she knows is we had a crappy book in the king of
talk is like down to a four point six wishes of five something between ten and
two which guess what sweet art that ain't so bad
we never do below a five share twenty five fifty four in midday here will be
okay they won't like a get to nervous although they didn't say don't come back
to work tomorrow
all these people in the media in this town you are so bush league you are so
paranoid you are so tiny tiny even my dog ain't this tiny
even my number rate that tiny
close
when they get knocked around
champion's knock right back
not as good as they want
not all kinds of loss is not a piece of the
mind the golfers all day
but he had a piece of it
they get knocked down they get up and knock somebody else
time to knock
dolphins on radio
news talking entertainment radio
six ten
w i o d
hey deal
f*** you
use son of a bitch
okay twelve thirty nine i got the two things here okay i got two things for
one good and one bad
so George who called before i did get your facts
and it's kind of cute lance edo sidebar and grill
and it's got like um soup de jury aged for one year maybe bitter
kato salad and empty headled is with very little dressing
ron goldman wine young village good body but you have to bring your own
glasses
paul of our bary cocktail oj with little honey on the side goes down real easy
marshal clock beer we thought we still had a case but now we're not sure
simpson alibi sandwich full of baloney and hard to swallow but lots of stupid
people are buying it mark firm and chicken platter absolutely no dark meat
veal all on the cool well battered and sliced serve without the head
and the dentist fun played grill detectives served open face maybe contaminated
dessert sorry our bakery is temporarily closed the lawyers have taken
all the dough cute thanks George so anyway here's something i have a lot less
cute and a lot more disgusting and grotesque and i even hesitate to read it
but it's uh from your writers it's a new story
chicago an aid to nation of islam minister lewis ferrican has said that jews
should go to hell and be prepared for war the chicago tribune reported on
monday i say to jewish america get ready knuckle up put your boots on
because we're ready and the war is going down the newspaper quoted cannell x
national youth minister for the nation of islam is saying
the real deal is this he said black youth do not want a relationship with the
jewish community or the mainstream white community or the footshuffling head
bowing knee bobbing black community he added
boy the so-called jew is a parasite who comes into our community and takes our
trailer and tractor loads of money on a daily basis he says
the comments were made prior to the iralee said it in night and washin in
advance of the mom monday's million man march the reporter the only white at the
meeting was later tossed out the story said cannell told the cheering rally
all you jews can go straight to hell hey neo
fuck you oh there you go uh the newspaper also said
mohammad in the interview said a president clinton leaving town to give a speech
on race relations it seems opportunistic for the cracker to go now when god's
man is in town meaning ferricot of monday's march he said
this is the time of the black man's rise and the white man's demise and what a
surprise how do you like that so all you people that are defending the
march and the people associated with it and all the other you're full of crap
okay and i'm going straight to hell here's for a lot of day hello
hello yes sir how you guys doing today okay
hey i heard all the crazy wild topics because shame that all they're also concerned
about this trial when it's just it's over it's over it's done it
as far as ferricot it'll let it go man they don't want to let go it's a shame they
just have nothing better on it's everything like that you was so good you know
want to let go and as far as ferricot little marches involved all i could say is
all they're missing is a little court coat 45 yeah other than that thank you okay
see it the crown crown rally that's what tom brokjo said open line and
broward 524 wild one on a green line 18944
9463 beautiful the comments there by louis ferricot's aids but of course that was
only his aid who said that louis would never say that what he sure would and did
and does here's my amy hello
and how you doing okay hey listen quick question yeah first of all let me tell
me first time call a long time listener great and uh it's interesting i was just
thinking about uh you know comparison what his aids have said about uh what ferricot said
what did you make of him wanting to meet say with all the uh the heads of the jewish community
or state what ever in the godfather how they wanted to have the meeting with the head of the five
families yeah and they all like uh came out in a box you never come out the way you went in right
that's right listen um what is with the uh the fabulous sports babe yeah
where does she come from my god she comes from a god damn pickup truck somewhere god
least he sounds like one of these uh chick that you'd see at the side of like the fire cracker
400 at the truck stop yeah driving her diesel truck oh gosh she is horrendous yeah well that's
Q a m for you man and they got a guy on overnight who makes who makes her sound sensational a guy
who just screams and yells say pretty soon they'll have nothing but syndicated programming on
at the station and all i have is laris and all the rest will be like zero they'll have no number
i'm telling you hey new who do you like him the world series man who do i like go braves baby
all the way kick some ass you got it okay palie stay well see you later
yet go braves i want those braves for straight i don't want to pick on those poignant fans they've been
dying for years and years but jane and ten are gonna be there they're gonna be
shopping it they're gonna be waving it they're gonna be doing it they're gonna wait long
right
hey deal fuck you okay enough already 1244 we have an open line in day boy this is a good lunch the
sausage and no carbs zero carbs no carbohydrates you can have like a whole bunch like i'm having right
now and one on a green line 1 800 944 wiod is a lady in plantation hello yes hi hi i love you by the
way of course i'm on the adkins right now i'm having a problem with i have a book but i'm doing the
test at night and it's purple you know the for the friend not real dark though i hope no no no it's
a medium medium that's good now the problem is i'm not losing any weight how long you've been on it
uh this is gonna be my second week no yeah my second week and you have a lost anyway i would say two
pounds at the most really yes and you know i just had a baby though about six months ago yeah
but i don't know what i'm doing long and i've read the book over and over again i'm even
how much do you have to lose um i'd say about 15 pounds well it's gonna be slow see if you're
only got 15 to lose all together and you've already lost a couple it's gonna be slow but if you
stick with it i pretty much guarantee it's gonna happen you might be real resistant like a lot of us
i am too so i'd stick to because it took me about a week to get into the into the purple right yeah
so you're real resistant so you just got to you got to stick with it that's all be patient should i
should i uh go on a lower fat because i've been eating but my appetite is really not great now you
know it's good yeah that's great see i told you on this diet you're not hungry all the time yeah i know
and i go to Lorenzo's too there you go oh it's wonderful don't eat more than don't eat more than
three or four of those cheesecakes today that might be holding you back no no i haven't even had one
a day good but they are great though oh no i i would just stick with it it'll happen trust me when
i tell you okay stick with it okay keep it i see you yeah it slows down for a lot of us i mean i'm
down to a crawl but i'm not worried about it because this morning i get up my blood sugar is 98 98
with no medication around nice outstanding and a blood pressure was like a hundred over 60 and my
medication is like way down to a fraction of what it was before and i still got about 25 30 pounds
35 maybe to go but what the hell so big deal it'll happen and let me tell you another thing the
longer you take to lose it the longer you're going to keep it off i know that's an old cliche
and we're all impatient but if you get out one of these quack things and it was like 40 pounds in
five minutes you're going to gain it back just like Oprah you're going to be like a god damn accordion
you know what i'm saying you're going to be fat one day skinny the next like a balloon the next
who the hell wants that that's very unhealthy too by the way so just take your time and eat your
steaks in your lobster and your ab atkin's cheesecake and have a great life
six ten w i o d six people with power tools and now language lab the show that teaches you a foreign
language in less than 60 seconds today's lesson Greek listen one strawberry pie
strawberry pie
listen to apple pie apple pie
less than three pumpkin pie bonky pie
customer what kind of pie do you have answer apple pie strawberry and funky language lab is
a public service and we not be copied or authorized for resale thank you you're welcome okay
twelve fifty one a w i o d here's my me b chillow hello yes sir how you doing the old this is a
this is our fonts my first time caller okay i'm calling up being response to the
all the negativism that the old j and not only j oh j trow right uh mr. louis ferrican what is
it with this individual you know i'm an american first of all i don't go back to my roots or whatever
i was born in filadalfia yeah my dad's Italian my mom's ethnic Puerto Rican they came here they
assimilated they wanted to become americans and they were successful what is with what up with
this idiot because apparently he doesn't know what works ethics is all about hard work what
do they want to continue to have handouts handed to them become continue to be social parasites
there's a car getting up working yeah and being responsible what do you say is that we're all
black people are social parasites is that what you're saying well we're not saying and you
want to generalize in here what would you know what you see is actually referring to is that
the white establishment is the culprit of everything give me a break yeah that's now that's
that's ludicrous yeah anything like that uh-huh that is ludicrous that's my opinion and continue
good work we need more people in this community believe me i've been here two years i don't know
what to do i'm here because i've got i recently was transferred i worked with the department
adjust is i call it injustice many times because of the things i see but uh we need to continue to
be more vocal and outspoken because we we need to get things straighting out in this country
all right okay bye bye zai gazon oh i'm sorry we have an open line in date 751
son of a bitch nine four six three seven five one w i gotta stop eating the rest of that sauce
that sauce is good but i know there's some carbs in here you're not fooling me i don't want to get
no extras and i don't want to get no excess carbs sneaking into my mouth you know what i'm saying
very good but uh just a little bit of that on your sausage we have an open line and a green line
like two of them one eight what is that is there's somebody really on here i can't believe it hello
yeah how is going to fish do you yeah okay how are not pure ass okay up your ass okay take a good
fist and stick away to monday and jen okay pal like your own let's see you do a rind jermy
here's sunrise on a purple line hello hey niel first i'm called a long time listener all right
how you doing good uh niel just a change of subject a little bit i had a uh question on the 18 inch
saddle i know there's a couple of systems out there yeah yes warning is the rca the best
no i think the sony is the best from what people tell me even though i of course have the rca
because i got it first before the sony came out but they said the sony has got like uh more
capability of doing more things etc and so on and in the long run it's going to be better and i
think it's about the same price oh really uh just one other question yeah can you get the local
channels with that or you need a separate antenna why do you need a separate antenna or if you
want to get the networks you can lie about where you live and tell them that you can't get cable
reception at local channels and you can pick up the network of fillets like wabc in new york and
w are a alpha cbs netland uh rolly and wxia for nbc in the land etc so it's up to you whether you
know you're desperate to see your rick sanchez great show neal thanks okay thanks a lot see you
bye open line on that purple at tnt uh cellular i ate to what is it at tnt wireless whatever we call
it okay whatever we call it at pound iod and two on the green lines in west pome beach in boca i
would have thought that uh are that thing from raiders but i wonder why would i think you know
nothing no matter what it is you come in here i've said this for years you think that whatever
it is that uh really got you like that thing on the cbs news last night
i mean what what kind of a story is that what kind of a horrendous grotesque i mean
a race seals cousin gets murdered by the cops in pizburg he's a black guy in a jaguar in a white
neighborhood 50 minutes later he's dead no drugs very little booze like maybe one drinking his blood
and that's it and he's dead nobody cared about that nobody gave a flying crap about the comments
uh luke faircans good buddy in top and the best part of it is he's the uh national youth minister
he's the head of the nazi bund for the ferrican people cannell x national youth minister for the nation
of islam and by the way another thing that i'm seeing and this is spreading all over the country by the
way in public schools we've had some talk about it here i'm not sure if there any schools here
doing it where they put the kids in these uniforms you know with the white shirt and the pants and
the tie and they all look the same so they don't have to fight about who's got the best designer
clothing and who's got the more money i am going to tell you man i can see the nazi youth out
there marching with their fists and their arms up in the air it is the most scary god damn thing
let's take away everybody's individuality let's all dress them up the same brain wash them and
dutch landu buralus baby it's disgusting and a lot of parents think oh that's a great idea
now i don't have to worry about going to god damn jc pennies or came art and buy some more clothing
for the fall they got their little outfit their uniform they're all the same like we cut them all
out the same god damn cookie cutter all right here's for a lot of day hello hello real yes sir
yeah first time caller long time listener okay i want to call your attention to something i
saw in this wonderful newspaper that Melissa rujeri works for the sun the slum sentinel that's the one
bitch yesterday's paper Wednesday October 18 yeah they've got the same article on
two different pages in the same section here the local section they got an article headline
halondale wants to fire contractor oh and on the very next page yeah they got the same identical
article under a slightly different headline halondale moves to dump contract well it's big
knows you got to understand in addition to which their readers in halondale are all brain dead
anyway so they probably missed it the first 20 or 30 times maybe put it on every page i thought
this was just emblematic of the wonderful uh... hey listen we got two bush league newspapers in
this town we don't have anything that even resembles a real newspaper and it's perfect it's a
perfect fit you know you go to filly you get to the inquirer i mean with an eye or real paper you
go to boss didn't get the globe or the hero which are two real newspapers in a chicago you get the
well the tribute in the sun times which come close but i mean here you don't have a newspaper that
even comes close to being a real newspaper right i i can read my son sent a little morning
between the time i pick it up outside and take the guy damn soggy a plastic oven i can walk back
to the toilet sit down for two minutes and that's it it's a real bush league paper yeah i just
like to say to Melissa Rudjari that nil is the deity and that's all good and up her ass okay now
have a great life yeah but you know they're just waiting in the course if we do have a good book
and bounce back which probably will happen someday well i i see talk radio is coming back somebody
lifted that dark cloud over wio day are you fooling somebody Melissa are you trying to fool somebody
like they can't are they that stupid that they can't see through this transparent paint of glass
you got over your ass where you hate all of us over here like poison never even mention rick and
suds of course like they don't even exist and then she throws in that great line i did you read
that sarcastic line she's got in there uh talk amongst yourselves the simpson trial could have
been should have won wion z blockbuster ratings but but they stuck the joint out at the more irreverent
wio d6 10 a m there seems to be a black cloud hanging a black cloud not a white cloud you racist bitch
for the second book in a row the stations 25 to 54 age group ratings have slipped in every
times slot except for its nightly passion phone show hosted by irons summers
while summers edged from a two six to a three three whoo three three heavy duty sweetheart at night
that number means she's got like ten horny guys listening and her sitting around having a circle jerk
while she edged from a two six to a three three midday man neo roger's wasn't as fortunate
perhaps the most popular personality not named Howard airing in south florida did you hear that
perhaps the most popular personality not named Howard in south florida i got news for him
let's say you got your head so far of howards ass you're gonna wake up one day with the same nose
and the same haircut okay bitch roger's lost a significant portion of his audience in the 2554
demographic sleeping from a five seven to a four six afternoon host Phil Henry didn't fare
much better in the same demographic sliding from a four point oh to a three point oh yeah and
and and how let's see your paycheck Melissa let's see what you got bitch
just wait six ten w i o d by m e fort lauderdale news talk and entertainment radio six ten
w i o d the one two two hour
i know what you do when yeah
when you down my hundred numbers i know what you do when yeah don't have to be ashamed
i know what you do when yeah when they say reach out and touch me i know what you do when yeah
when you draw the shade i can recognize you say i'm done got yourself a day
night i see you some girls here uh job so give yourself a hand yeah give yourself a hand
oh it's one oh six and w i to hate the ones that end abruptly like that man you just sitting here
paying no attention lulling yourself into uh you know coma and all of a sudden like real a
abrupt like that's it so anyway thanks to Richard uh thanks dick who sent me this glossy of
Luis Miguel and dick from a flamingo thank you so much sweetheart and also thanks to Matthew who
sends me this uh magazine radio 19 20 in 1995 america's voice for over 75 years and it says Neil
roaches is right those great old shows that's where it's all about fibromiggy and molly gun smoke with
uh William Conrad all the stuff George knows nothing about that's where it was at forget about this
crap forget about that goddamn joy rentals it says right on the cover it said that
also somebody sends me a thing here and you'll this is right up your alley mister you barbarian
national organization of circumcision information resource centers and on the front page of
this piece of dreck it's got a picture of a bunch of dicks children's rights advocates march to
marine general hospital in green break california july 29th it says we support nurses who won't
circumcise all these women are running around with these signs don't snip the tip no medical excuse
for uh genital abuse etc okay all these filthy disgusting barbarian barbarian who know nothing about
hygiene who know nothing about living like clean and the need that's why and so the person who
sent this to me frank on the back writes very appropriately i hope you listen very carefully this
my cheesy friend Neil you are the perfect one to stop all this circumcision business but oh you know
which frank this is that's the guy the one that hates the women so i'm not going to read it it just
dawned on me see am i sharp or what a little slow i didn't see the frank the first time i read it
now that i see it's frank i know it's the woman hitting an asshole okay you stupid piece of turd
why don't you go on here with mr. ego and stop wasting your post and sending me your crap okay
you're almost enough to make me go for some force again right now where's Jose okay let's do uh
Miami hello hello yes sir hey how you doing Neil okay uh yeah i was calling about this uh the
lady i called uh little oligol i asked you a personal question before we go on because of the
timing of this okay are you circumcised yes sir okay all right good man uh that lady i called
a little oligol that she just had a baby six months ago and she was on the act right you're slow
right yeah okay well my wife uh she started the act and died when you first came out with it right
and uh she had the same problem she was slow uh losing the weight so uh i called you and uh
you just told me to hang on and then she finally called the 1800 number on the actin's book there
right and they told her to get off of that right away uh after you have a baby you have to wait
nine months because your body goes into a coma and that's why it's so slow really yeah unbelievable
yeah i'll thank god you called yeah all right hey i keep hearing that uh you sent a little bit on
yeah okay pal okay don't take it personal you got it have a great deal oh thank god he called see
these people call me up like i'm a doctor or something she could have gotten real sick you're better
get with it sweetheart oh i hope she's still listening okay get off of it right away and wait
nine months till like your a popix straightens out and then you can uh ease your back way back into it
but not now thank goodness he called okay because i mean what do i know i'm just doing my best i'm
passing along the info and like i said read the book call that number if you have questions i don't
know not an okay all i know is i feel great my blood sugar is down my pressure is down it's doing
good by me everywhere i go people are coming up to me i lost 20 30 45 that kid frank he lost 71
pounds already people are doing well but in the meantime don't take you know from a witch doctor
like me get yourself some information here's davie hello davie hey yes sir Neil how you doing great
hey listen uh actually a couple things where do you get that cheesecake uh Lorenzo's
north by me beach okay we're then they got that new one in western now that uh been in bobs
dead in bobs right oh that's close to great yep that's pretty good stuff indian tray shopping center in
western okay hey you made a comment the other day are actually earlier that the rest of the world
didn't really care about this oh Jay thing i was sitting over in australia milburn yeah on the day
that the verdict was read and it was front page headline oh yeah day that the verdict was read but
all those months when it was going on i can't i can't speak for australia but i know i was in
roll mokchoo times during that period of time and in Berlin and Amsterdam and you know you'd have to
dig into the newspapers way back even the international herald tribune and find a little tiny article
and even though it was on cn international and people could watch it i don't think most people
gave a crap but then of course when the verdict came out it was like a big hype job everybody
wanted all it was yeah that's pretty amazing they uh i've never been so embarrassed in my life we
were sitting in a little cafe and they had a tv going and it was on that on a local news channel
and uh all the people jumping up and down waving their hands and uh you know the sterile really
and he's uh not not in the shop on tv oh i see you and you want to and i mean these people are
looking at us because they knew we were american yeah and shaking their heads at what in the world
going on over there yeah welcome to america guys yeah it was pretty embarrassing okay have a great
day pal see you open line and broward five two four nine four six three five two four w i would do
we got two open lines on the green lines and broward bokeh palm beach etc they don't care about
louis ferrican they don't care about cannell x they don't care about channel x they don't care
about uh channel uh number five they don't know from nothing up there that's why they moved to
palm beach because they want to be isolated and oblivious and we respect that so mind your own
business and get out of here at night there's passion on six ten w i o d
with my first wife there's the no breakfast and no quickie that was strictly not possible
the second wife you could have a quickie or you could have breakfast but you didn't get both
okay and the third one was if there wasn't a quickie there was no breakfast
with passion films with air in summers Monday through Saturday at pm till midnight on news talk
and entertainment radio six ten w i o d kill the cold it's happening all over our nation
i miss it i can't live without it everywhere americans are feeling the pain of the end of the
oj trial on tv and the bleak prospects of life on their own i don't know what i'm gonna do
somebody famous kill someone quick we can help we're the oj trial withdrawal foundation
i miss johnny caverns smirking this the oj trial withdrawal foundation offers personal
counsel and christian was so he was so bald oh thanks i need his hat broke through
hey i'll have you snap out of it and the oj trial withdrawal foundation telephone buddy system
hello hey you don't shut up i'm coming over there i'm gonna kill you okay who what well
i want to talk to the oj trial withdrawal foundation will help you get a life
even if he didn't a license if he was paid to oj for the use of his name
dear son of a bitch once sixteen at w i o d we have an overline and broward five two four nine four
six three and here's a lady in my me hello hi how are you great i'm a first time caller outstanding
and he just called to tell you actually i think you because i had never seen the week from ago
i basically never heard any of his music right but at my friend gami tickets to the concert she
wanted me to go with her and we had a four through center seats yeah and he's beautiful
isn't he and his gorgeous and wonderful i didn't understand a word that they were like singing but
i enjoyed it never the last that's okay don't have to understand the words it was great yeah and
if one did you think you also want to ask you a question about the i can style it yeah
oh siki is starting and i have maybe ten pounds to lose right and i have an older book that i think
you wrote an older book yeah about twenty years ago okay now you want to get the new one for
the new one too yeah but i wasn't sure um just basically toss the older one yeah toss it okay or
sell it maybe somebody will buy it for ten bucks it's hot now yeah um oh we just came
between indian and they were going on your way out there you might be going right that'll be
quite i got to get out of you and anyway anything's better than going there there you go okay hang on
thank you okay let's register that nice lady she might actually a weenit you know i'm saying
let's register somebody nice instead of some nougat okay let's make her a winner fix the thing okay
i Louise baby here's that the beautiful glossy photo that dick sent me from uh
flamingo record promotions and the weasus got his hand deep in his pocket feeling the change
i mean really deep
so i didn't go to the concert okay i'll see him i'll catch you next time
i'll build up the cones and go backstage and make a copy
yeah
see if you want to start a religion here's the guy
i mean i have louis furicons glasses but
my ultra-vase by the way while i was holding hold of the second so anyway
louis says he even likes Jews too so uh he don't discriminate he likes everybody he loves
everybody okay believe me he spreads it around that's what i've heard so that daisy bitch oh i'm
going we're going to a opalaka hello yeah now yes sir how you doing today great
well took me a week to finally get through to you because you know i don't always have the time
them call you actually but i can hang on for hours and patch you around right i have no problem
but uh nobody ever mentions one thing about what happened recently in Miami
do you know about the uh the sewer pipes that burst down by where this came bay or something like that
the sewer pipes that burst by this came bay all the crap went in the water and all the
went in the water that's right yeah it emerges me because i moved down here in 1990
bottom's up and i read about that in the paper and they were saying well it's going to happen it's
going to happen and why didn't nobody do anything like what like we drink a couple of glasses of water
make sure it was okay now i like try to fix the problem before it actually burst and all the
now listen if we don't have something like that happen and guys like you wouldn't have anything
you upset about we don't want to live in a perfect world the Lord didn't plan it that way he
likes a lot of screw ups without a nice beach is we don't have much of a tourist that's for damn sure
that's why we don't have no tourist here if you notice look around you man there ain't nobody here
just a bunch of illegal ale amtania so we got as the rubber raft business just a couple of pass
of bars that's it anyway that's about all that ever feel that life is passing us by
yep yep when you're in south florida that feeling every day when you wake up sometimes you feel
it's back and out there you go okay when it doubt clean it out pal have a good one and back to you
sometimes i feel you know what i'm saying that uh where the hell is it
oh no i don't want that when that one blows yeah that apple who cares about him
let's play the original one get that guy excited they call the other day that was chewing me out
so i didn't play the stuck it okay sometimes i feel i'll get around to it that life is passing me by
sometimes i feel that people don't want to smile you son of a bitch
but when i listen to your show you make me smile like a shy
and you can help me get by my friend
micole little my radio
micole little my radio
on my radio
on my radio
he's in heaven now
you know what they said in fatso
i remember that scene when she was carrying on and backroft in the mother he's in heaven now
oh my god and by the way the people from qa and the two assholes that own that station released a
piece of it but they own the whole thing i guess they went up to rimmer uh toes denied before the
hockey game when he was about to do the play by play pretending to want to say hi and shake his hand
and made a bunch of cost oh there's near roger's good friend you guys got something going
you know you two guys seriously if rains were dangerous you'd be the safest pier on a face of the
earth the crap that you got on a year man i wouldn't wish on ferrocannon hitler put together
so congratulations at least you're consistent and by the way up your ass that's from bill calder
122 at w-i-o-d
george ten w-i-o-d months linking with the best of the long me fifty dollars okay 125 at w-i-o-d
don't forget the bennon bobs is open in weston that's a branch of Lorenzo's which you've
been telling about Lorenzo's for months now and Lorenzo's has been here for like over 40 years
with the great wines and meats and the deli department and all the good stuff produce the best
seafood in town now in prao you don't have to slip all the way down to north bimbe beach if you
don't want because they've got bennon bobs a market in the same tradition of Lorenzo's open right
now in the indian trade shopping center in weston unbelievable and not only will they have all the
great steaks and the seafood and the produce and the big goods but they'll also have all the doctor
atkins diet foods available plus catering services and gourmet food baskets as well so the tradition
and commitment to freshness and service of Lorenzo's Italian center comes to broward right now as i
speak at bennon bobs fresh produce and seafood markets it's in the indian trade shopping center
that's a 1368 southwest 160th Ave in weston called 389-61-69 or stop i-n-c-m today good
knows for everybody in broward especially if you be on the atkins okay it's 126 at w-i-o-d
let's do a Miami hello hey Neil yes sir i am so sick of Lewis Farrakhan and nation of Islam
and religion in general i'm i'm really fed up yeah and i'll tell you why he's a real good example
of religion's all about he gets up there talking about al-ah and elijah mohamid and god this in
salam and that and all he does is spew hate just like most religions uh you know it's like the greek
they made up their own gods you know they all happen to have the characters they wanted right
we've got all their gods kept up in a soap those Greeks yeah yeah i grew up as a penicastal
preacher's kid boy not my fault but anything oh i i've decided very recently to become an
agnostic uh-huh and let let it all go and let it all hang out yeah and uh you know the the best
thing that has happened to me is is just getting rid of religion i'm reading philosophy i'm i'm
i want to see life of brian i even rented last temptation of craze how you're talking excellent movie
right i recommended to anybody um who wants to look wants to see something creative and that
actually might might make you even think there you go all frightening concept yeah but this
fairy-con thing and and oh god i mean i grew up i grew up with religion i grew up with swaggered
in pond jane and oh god it was awful and jimmy baker uh now i look back on it and i think man
must have been possessed seeing that well congratulations on emancipating your brain my friend
can i request something yes sir uh in honor of of my uh coming out uh of religion yeah can you
play something uh maybe like the the Pope bit that um why we played that how about the lord made
them all i like what's what's that the lord made them all that's my favorite all right so good okay
thanks bless you opaline and date you heathen
son of a bitch 129 don't forget the god the lord a god whatever he is he made Luis Miguel not
Luis Fira Khan okay just keep that in mind pali so anyway moving right along as we uh continue
on our heathen way let's do a mobile in north mimey beach hello yes sir Neil yes i am
hi i'm calling uh about a napkin-psych quest okay for a couple of days all right i'll just make
up an answer okay well friend of mine uh i read in there that you can drink diet so much as you
want but no caffeine make sure you got the caffeine free caffeine free caffeine trust me get rid
of that caffeine it's bad i'll screw up your metabolism it'll stop you in your tracks
okay i haven't read that far in the book yet i guess i have to redo a little bit more reading
there you go okay thanks okay pal see everybody's on the atkins the young the old the dead the living
the near dead in between everybody's on it now it's one of the greatest things and of course channel
tended that stupid stupid piece on it here a few weeks ago totally doing injustice with that stupid
bitch that registered dietitian who wouldn't know a diet if they slipped it up or asked and she's
also by the way didn't give me any credit for doing anything about it only my friends at the
herald that nice lady what was her name they wrote that really great article in the herald that day
i have it at home you know why i just uh huh list up i love you Liz you're about the only good
thing at the herald sweetheart you and Greg Cody once in a while and Michael hold a male
but other than that they can take their herald and they can wipe her ass with it too
not Liz i'm sorry here's uh for lauderdale hello hello yes sir
yes i wanted to talk about fairock how come you're whispering i wanted to talk about fairock yes
sir i wanted to talk about fairock i heard you yeah okay you know you want to talk about
fairock on yeah okay yeah you got to understand what what the black race has been through man yeah
how about what the do i'm about what the Jews have been through well yeah i understand that too
yeah so how can we can be anti-semitic what's what's the point what's the point what i'm saying
it's like people who believe in the bible they picked the stuff that sounds good and they
discard all of nonsense yeah what's the outreach the bible now bet there you go so don't be uh you
know don't be uh putting up with the disobedient kids you better stone them into that yeah you know
yeah okay okay we'll get busy uh we have an open line at broward five two four boy it's really sad
isn't it uh it's dangerous what a little bit of education can do or vice versa open line at
broward five two four w i o d one on a green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four see
it's one thing to be angry it's one thing to be desperate i do understand that but this crap about
the Jews man and yes i do have a jaundice view on it because i'm Jewish and i'm real happy to be
Jewish i don't believe any of the religious bull crap part of it but there's something about
Jewish like the edition just fun and a food and all that stuff it's just fun to be Jewish plus
there's a certain ethic work ethic and education there's a certain thing about Judaism that's a
positive thing if they would just discard all the bubble mice as you don't want to say and don't
forget brisket and bris bris and brisket now you're catching on all right i thought you were talking
about the good points yeah you can at least see the point okay we're not too big on turtles
you're not too big on turtles that's right too big or on turtles and from when i've heard you
ain't too big either so just uh dummy just put your head back in your shell what was i about to say
something about the damn Jews oh about the fact that we at least uh but this ferrican and all this
breeding of anti-semitism and the gutter religion and this asshole saying black youth and out one
relationship with the Jewish community about bapa and the Jews better be prepared for war i mean
you know enough already with this crap looking for a scapegoat and like i said that's exactly what
Hitler did and that's what ferrican does and there is absolutely no difference except skin color
into mustache okay so don't give me this song and a dance about well i don't agree with some of
what he says but there's some of it that makes some sense yeah like don't do drugs and don't
and take care of your babies and stop being a deadbeat okay we can buy that but you don't have to
listen to a nazi to figure that out for yourself if you can't figure that much out then just lay
down and take a long nap dirt here's a lady in pember pine hello hi yes ma'am i was wondering if you
still watch Jennifer falloppy in the on the news god forbid i don't watch that channel under penalty
a death oh god you should have watched it about tonight to go she made a few words she said
something about your ass yeah we're gonna make an ass of ourselves i had a spy report on that
oh it was the funniest thing yeah they were talking Jennifer knows her ass from what i hear
oh it was so funny yeah i thought about you immediately she said smart answering smart
answering mark and to me of course went into a shell like a turtle and just panic and said
audio oh it was so funny Neil honestly did you also want to get Barbara Sloan saying smart
ass on channel four i guarantee you that and that's true that's true also one to ask you how's the
thanks for calling lady how is she yeah i haven't heard her from her for a while my i think she's okay
okay there was a rumor that she called fill yesterday but i'm sure she wouldn't get sucked into that
thanks for calling she's fine why she called you lately yeah a few days ago oh good not too long
oh good we just don't like to overdo it you know i'm saying yeah well that's good that's smart
well you have a great day okay thanks see ya bye
broward open i don't mean like a line open i mean all of broward everything from god damn
a halendale all the way up to pomato beach and deer field and right up to the god damn Palm Beach line
five two four nine four six three five two four w i d
athletes and violence off the field when nature steps the deal with it six ten w i o d news was there
i'm here because i'm a concerned father i'm a concerned husband i'm a concerned son
and then i had you know i experienced the message while i was on the first hand base
the best news talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
uh that's a tough yoke
i don't talk much i don't need to anymore talk it so cheap obsolete what a bore i don't speak anymore
with my modem i communicate using speeches really second rate and a bore
i met you online in a chat room your comments were what your email was through
you
is it all that i've never heard of where the truth is
and that's how it goes my voice is gone i'm only speaking still it's gone it's okay
you just
you son
like a beauty talk i don't have to anymore if you're not on aol you're a boy
oh
yes i'm nice and safe to sit and pet when you do it on the internet
it's in the
and
scored scored
disconnect baby bad news 141 a w i it's kind of like running out of quarters
open line and brodered 5249463524 w i o d
and of course if you run out of quarters and you reach real deep in your pocket
oh damn it here's my me b chillow actually nailed to the shores but thank you my me
shores yes well how do you like that
nail right i'm no sucking up here but you're the best man you're the best on a radio well me
and Phil were the best we're joining forces now i don't know i'd one day i'll be the best
the next day healthy of course i did give him that idea yesterday so i'll take a little credit
i don't hear much of him but why not i just don't have the time well make the time if you
would have heard two to three yesterday you'd be singing a different to him and he was
phenomenal well i i wanted a first ball agree with you on the uh...
luis paracan march on washington yeah it's a shame to see them make such a big
fool out of themselves it's a real shame and it's a shame to be some people to watch some
people in the media trying somehow desperately to legitimize the son of a bitch he is the most
virulent the most obnoxious the most dangerous character on a face of the earth right now
and there are people try to give him legitimacy and say well you're taking things out of context
like all you just can go straight to hell if they don't understand
that this guy uh... everything he stands for when he gets up there and talks
no matter what he says is a fraud yeah then they just don't have they don't get it they don't get it
they don't get it the other thing was i was listening to um... hank goldberg
yes he had a lot of your son depressed and uh...
hank was uh... asked about the practice squad
some somebody called him up and asked about the practice squad
hey stupid yeah and he had no idea he first said it wrong on the air and then he couldn't
admit that he was wrong and somebody from the NFL called to clarify and he still wasn't right
yeah and he kept insisting that he was right the entire time he was completely wrong
this guy's supposed to be an NFL expert well call him up and ask him who the goalie for the
capitals is let's see what it comes up with maybe maybe he figured out who Jim Kerri was with a mask
have a great day pal material see uh
yeah in fact somebody told me that that show he does on the douche that he was on a couple of
nights ago i think divo was telling me and also rumour that hank was on there with his little hammer
with his ball penny hammer and uh... he was interviewing Kelly Rudy the gold tender with the L.A.
kings and i and i'm thinking of myself having hank interview a Kelly Rudy would be like having
Andy calb interview uh... westbrook van vore he's about journalism you know what i'm saying it just
i just don't get it i'm sorry but i'm missing something somewhere
w-i-o-d oh sorry we missed you Georgia's putting cards away which is probably just as well because
if you're only going to let it ring that many times who needs you anyway here's uh...
curl gables all wow the all of the credit go in another direction while you're all over the play we
got you splattered all over now talking about hang goldberg you know it shows a geek he was full
in there for him a couple days ago i heard a little that going to the hockey game is a third
we heard here's some hockey talk and we didn't
he was getting there uh...
that was he actually said that nobody's been closer to jimmy johnson in the last four years
then he joe zagiki oh really okay yeah i don't know how close he meant all right yeah
that that's why jimmy jimmy's hair is grow maybe a rubbed off from joe zagui
he said jj was an interest in the dolphin coaching job and that he knows because
him joe zagiki has been close joe zagaki sucks okay i'm gonna tell you right now i know a guy
who does work i can't say what kind of work in jimmy johnson's homes both in Dallas and down here
and you can tell joe zagaki he's full of crap i know i know for a fact i know for a fact that jimmy
johnson is salivating waiting for shula to fall on his ass absolutely anybody that's why he
that's why he's how did the dolphin so big at the start of the season and has been touting him
all along because he's setting him up for the big fall absolutely anybody who thinks otherwise
the thing he said he said that he knows he's got the inside line that's got coming ten we'll be
starting for you and this year about two hours later put your Davis announces that right
and claim it all right all right joe zagaki dropped dead apple a bye bye Neil okay yeah he's just
like Denise pop and who by the way Denise pop and was out in Denver last night at the avalanche
capitals game and he was on for like about two minutes on a pregame show so even when the
panthers have a few days off you can't get away from Denise he's everywhere he's extending his
testicles tentacles all over the hockey world what's he doing out there auditioning for another job
i bet you remember only praise here's jensen v chillow hello nia yes hey man i'm up here in martin
counting home with a piece pole yeah how's that thing doing a yank that down yet or what oh no they put
it back in the hole they stuck it back in the hole i know those bastards could do it and the
whole thing he did diagram it if you show more to stick it they can do it absolutely
and went to a comedy club this weekend yeah and guess who the mc was Chris Baker nope Steve Patterson
oh my god and you know i'm about sticking it back in the hole right he said something about
Canadians so somebody yelled out the frogs yeah and he's like oh a couple iod listeners he's
used to work there but i didn't get along with the talent so i had to quit yeah
yeah there you go yeah they blew his ass out of there beautiful hey let me ask you something
he didn't get along with the talent and had nothing to do with getting along he just stuck on
here that's all he just sucked hey how do you check your blood sugar you have to go to a doctor
for that if you're dumb if you're no seriously why are you diabetic no i just want to check it
why because i'm working out now change my diet oh well yeah then you the kind of guy should get a
blood test and having to check your blood sugar but like an ordinary a diabetic type person like
ordinary i don't know what that means but they have a thing you can get in the drugstore it's about
70 rating bucks called a glue cometer right and you have to like stick your finger a little bit if
you're not squeamish and get just a little drop of blood on the test strip and stick it in the
thing and in about a minute it shows you your blood sugar very important if you got like either
either diabetic or a low blood sugar yeah i think mine might be low but you better check it out
when in doubt so you just stick it aren't just stick it or just stick it in the hole if you like
hey one more thing yeah yeah do there in summers really have a great ass
i'm waiting George it'll do he said it'll do that's it yeah another one it'll do it like you know
he never seen that close in person like the pd did call up Steve Nichol and he'll tell you
have a great day pal later see ya yeah i'll never forget that she's only got about a three
share on air she ain't doing that great and she's off in Tampa and probably on the verge here too
we can't sell the show but she's got a great ass i like it i like it as what he said
i said it takes one to like one and he said well what does that mean draw me a diaphragm
so she's in the family way too by the way the sex bitch that's all right i'm plugging that show
i want you all to listen to the sex bitch from eight to midnight because i don't want her going
off here i don't want to give the appearance you know we oh yeah it's bad we cropped out in Tampa
we took her off the urn s you went because of the a f a even though they deny it they wanted the
hockey games on okay and then it took Howard off in Chicago just as it turned out he was kicking
everybody's ass and our cock station mike disney no less back to into a quarter on out here here's
a bunch of money just go away so how embarrassing would it be for us at w i d to blow off the sex bitch
right at a time when we're you know doing a bend to need everybody else my god
i mean you talk about a company that doesn't have even the slightest uh essence of a kaion
that's my opinion i'm like disney one forty eight at w i kaion kaian kaiak kaiak okay there's
Jackie again on the kaiak kaiyato and sweetheart and w i o d jerry garcy is favorite station hey gold
mercs still stuck out in the tradition of demi Moore's remake of a scarlet letter where adult
tree is a good thing and everyone lives happily ever after paraphrase pictures proudly presents
the newest happiest most politically correct film version ever made of moby dick moby dick
herman melville's often assigned in school never read it all 19th century classic comes to the screen
with new stars a new story at a 21st century attitude like the person overboard me moby dick
starring kianna rives as ishme here call me ishme here all heck call me ishme that rhymes in fishy and
this this is my lovable train feel flicking oh oh moby dick starring jack michael sonnest the
iraq pressable captain a half load the tranquilizer gun star she freaking blow moby dick we've
completely rewritten a story and we've added a hot babe who stows away and does a nudie lap dance
kind of like the one-er showgirls sorry sweetheart that's not my peg leg moby dick it's nothing
like the book does it was nobody would go see it one fifty three at w i o d here's a mobile
in carol city hello yes sir second call in two days sorry about that oh hey you know i feel
about the gackie as in okay i thought you had it ready yeah anyway as far as Hank goes he was on
the douches about three nights ago with Tony dorset this is after he went on five this weekend by
the way yeah start starting to call him o nry at any rate he had he had dorset there and he says
Tony when do you expect to be inducted into the Dallas cowboy ring of fame and dorset looks at him
kind of dumbfounded and he says i am Hank yeah right there on the douche you look at the tone
in closing the old Abe Lincoln what are you going to be making that speech again is great
right in closing i heard oj and and Jason did it i heard Jason said uh go get the car oj said
okay see ya oh god he was doing so well too till he started getting that old material you know
stale but i guess he knows who's who's the gackie is you know and i will tell you one thing you
know how i shame the gackie to get those glasses off on tv like in one or two days boy you talk
about having influence in power okay now get rid of the eyebrows joe and get yourself a
personality you'll have it made and learn something here's medley hello yeah yes sir yeah hello how
you doing i like to speak to nil speaking this nil this is me how you doing our first time caller
three oh wow listener all right and i like to touch on two things here the first thing will be uh
oh i think ote should hook up with lorita i think they'll break a good couple there you go i like it
yeah one good slice deserves another right okay well the other thing is i think you're a little
hard on the blacks man i think we we came along with this country and uh i don't think the
kind of messed up right now but i i i think your form yeah but wait a minute if i'm so hard on
the blacks how come i'm the only person talking about the thing about racials cousin that got murdered
by the cops in pittsburg it was on cbs evening news last night for some reason whatever it is it's not
in any of the newspapers except a little column yesterday this is a major story it's part of the
craft that's been going on for forever and ever and it's got to stop that's one of the biggest
gripes you got is police brutality in all these young blacks who are in jail most of them probably
or many of whom shouldn't be there yeah well that's true that's true i'm trying to be fair i'm just
i'm just very agitated i know there are a lot of desperate black people out there but don't look
to demagogues to solve the problems don't look to lewis ferricons at a world because they're out
the answer no well i don't i don't believe see now the majority of blacks i don't believe that look
to look to lewis farcons uh to find a way out but um well like i said uh out lewis farcons is not
the god of the black people i hope not no he's not that and and i think and one a little off the
subject i believe that a black person will quicker accept a white person than a white person can
accept a black no i don't believe that you know i know i think there's plenty of racism on both
sides and there's plenty of decent broad-minded people on both sides i think there's plenty of
hate in this country to go around i don't think we have to like try to get into a contest to see who
i'm embarrassed at the united states man that hate their racism here it's it's outrageous it's
making us look bad everywhere i mean everybody's laughing at us that's right what uh you got to get
our crap together man that's right we need to million of people march not black or white people just
uh just all people everyone that uh agree with that there you go well uh i don't think you're a
racist or sometimes some of your comments make me wonder you know uh well you know i'm i'm
white so i see things from a white person's perspective but i deal with people as individuals and
when people tell me i'm a racist maybe i am to a little degree like everybody's a racist to some
minor degree but in terms of being a bigot i am not and anybody who says that can jam it up their ass
okay have a great day pal all right thanks to your wife speaking a racist by the way here's that
entire story from Dallas one of the most uh see this is this is what this guy ought to be upset
about and i'm sure he is and everybody else a white Dallas school teacher is off the job because
of complaints he told black students they should go back to africa what kind of a teacher is that
why they sent her ass back where she came from officials at unfreeley elementary school say 51
year old dean Williamson was suspended yesterday with pay pending an investigation some shock parents
say their fifth graders told them Williamson told pupils mondays million man march of black men in
Washington was worthless they say that when youngsters disagreed she told them to return to
africa and attorney for Williamson did not immediately return calls for comment i can't imagine why
how do you like that huh that fucking bitch i mean here's the somebody it's a school teacher like i
was telling you the other day a lot of these school teachers are total misfits have no never even got
through god damn school for this thing they'll work with a crap you know what yours and she's in the
classroom telling the black kids to go back to africa because she didn't like the march i didn't like
the march either i thought it was a waste of time but i'm gonna tell anybody go where they came from
except that bitch why don't you go back to canada you you bastard here's a leadian fort lauderdale hello
oh hi nia yes ma'am i've been listening to you since uh... w-i-n-z when you start off with the birds
right and i'm getting old i have years have gone behind hey i mean too how do i still do this i don't
know but when you go on vacation radio is a fast way flat it's yeah yeah it's obvious in the ratings
to the summer books when i have two weeks that i'm gone and the rick was sick for two weeks it's
it's deadly if they could just find some living person to be on other than default by the way i know
they can find a living person to fill in who i could do a little talk and i think we'd uh... you
know hold our own i agree with you totally right they got a work on that it's a little talent that should
be their number one priority is so that it like in morning drive when those guys go on vacation to
put tapes on in morning drive it's unconscionable i find a body out there find somebody they don't
seem to listen to you now that's for sure yeah like i said i love the tapes yeah i wanted to ask you
one thing because i've been left i'm starting Monday on the atonement to high and yeah and i can
i can't figure this out the nitrite i it says no nitrite but everything you look at it well it's
just it's because you don't want to you know when that's all you're putting in your body he doesn't
want to take a lot of chemicals in there but if the nitrites are like the last ingredient or close
to the last ingredient on a label i wouldn't worry about it like most of your meats in your aloe
lorenzo does have the stuff with no nitrites i know but i don't drive like you get down there
so just just look for the stuff i look at the bacon you like i like bacon yeah as it's the last
ingredient it if it's the last ingredient don't worry about it oh thank you so much Neil good luck
see ya so anyway you son of a bitch hey newt we got your contract right here six ten w i o d by
skipping school good afternoon at two o'clock this is Jennifer rem news talk in entertainment
radio six ten w i o d
