I wanted him to be vindicated. I wanted a jury to save those people our line.
News Talk and Entertainment Radio 610-WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751-WIOD in date 524-WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And so you know one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio 610-WIOD.
Grab my junior, honey.
And then you can get a new product.
And then you can get a new product.
And then you can get a new product.
You these are all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
Oh!
I've got a feeling.
You'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
You'll be an asshole tonight.
And I was talking to your mother just the other night.
But the...
The...
I told her I thought you were an asshole.
She said yes.
I think you're right.
And all your friends are assholes.
Because you've known them your whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life.
Were you born an asshole?
Or did you work it in your whole life?
Either way if we're not fine, because you're an ass.
Yeah, all tonight.
1009 and W.R.
DeBoys been a dog's aide since we played that baby.
I'll tell you that's been a long time, too long if you asked me.
So anyway, let's hear from all the people that saw that great chef
to for his show on TCI cable last night on the local access baby
right against Monday night NFL football, right against 8000 other shows,
right up against all the other cable systems that people can actually see.
That was some experience man.
And it's too bad that they didn't get a chance to see it because,
uh, what would be a good reason?
Because I actually got DeFo to say that Mr. HiPinga is a jackass.
See, we don't want to say asshole on here.
We could have said it, but they were a little bit nervous,
even though it's cable access.
Don't say, uh, not this show.
Don't say ass.
We'll say it like next week.
As if I'm coming back.
I guarantee you man, we're going to be flooded with call,
including that black dude that came by there and got the $100 in cash
for being the first person to come rushing into the studio saying,
Neil is God.
That was real easy.
When you got to pay $100 just to prove that there's somebody's watching.
That's what that was all about.
We had like a hundred people on the inside.
We had this massive studio audience inside and about six people watching on the outside.
Two of whom showed up to win stuff.
W-Y-O-D.
Hello.
See, I totally, look at this.
W-Y-O-D.
Tell him it was a great show.
I saw the whole thing.
No way.
Yes.
You saw it?
Yes.
You're the one, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, we had a pretty good time considering what a Mickey Mouse operation that was.
It was.
We got about 600 people working at a place.
They got a live band.
I think Debra...
You know, it was sort of scary that when that guy showed up to the black guy for the $100.
Yeah.
Because I don't know.
He looked like he was sort of, you know, I don't know.
He didn't look too on the up and up.
And he was at.
Well, I don't know.
He was all sweating and everything and...
He was sweating, yeah.
And what did he do?
He ran the whole way?
I guess so.
Well, $100.
You probably run a couple of blocks too.
And so how did he feel?
Everyone was saying, how did one feel?
God, me, oh God.
How did one feel?
How did he feel?
That was a real TV show?
Yeah.
Get out of here.
That way, it felt like being in Broadcasting 102.
Well, anyway, you did a good job.
I sure did.
You were the one that made everyone laugh.
Too bad I didn't have time to say anything though.
That thing just flew by.
I liked you better on that show than when you were on Kendall Toyota.
You want...
Well, when you're on Kendall Toyota, you'll get to say anything.
That's the problem.
He keeps trying to steer the conversation back to him and his stupid push.
Well, I don't get to say anything.
I just wanted to tell you, you did a great job.
Well, thanks.
I'm glad somebody saw it.
And take care and keep doing a good job.
And have a great day.
See ya.
Wasn't that sweet?
Somebody saw that stupid show last night.
They said they had a lot of calls over there yesterday.
From people saying that they were going to be watching that show.
They said they've never had that many people pour into there to watch in the studio.
And who are those people?
I kept asking Andy.
And I was asking DeFo.
Who are these people who are coming in here besides DeFo?
Those parents sitting around, I guess those were DeFo's parents.
I don't know. They never said anything.
They said, hello.
And you're a douchebag and quit picking on our kid.
But that was about it.
But who were all those people that were sitting in there?
We must add 50 people in there.
And they weren't even cardboard figures.
We didn't even have to go resort to cardboard cutouts.
I'll tell you, I must be one hell of a good guy to do that for DeFo.
I must be.
I must be a hell of a lot better guy than most of you are willing to admit.
W-I-O-D.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought it was showing you stuck your bag.
Okay, that's good.
You didn't see nothing, man.
Suck this.
W-I-O-D.
I'm going to Neil?
Yeah.
You looked marvelous last night.
Yeah, you didn't see it either.
Neil, listen.
I don't know how you got Jeff DeFo to make such a fool of himself
and say that about Wayne, how you've seen God.
That was the highlight.
Everybody got a sitting ovation on that.
I mean, I couldn't believe it.
And on top of it, I mean, this is like, even a hate Wayne.
I mean, he's a God of sports in this town.
And here's Jeff DeFo, a sports announcer.
And you got him to go along with it.
That was awesome.
He's the God of sports, is who?
Well, I mean, you know, he owns everything.
Yeah.
But I'm telling you, I mean, it was just fabulous, you guys
to say that.
I couldn't believe it.
I about Pete, my pants.
Okay, good.
Neil, thanks a lot.
Okay, thanks.
There's the guy who Pete is pants.
How do you like that?
What my pants?
Beautiful.
It was a pretty embarrassing, to be honest with you.
And W-I-O-D.
Learning to be humble.
But not making much progress.
Grab my junior, honey.
I got it.
I'm here to meet him.
Okay, 10-16 at W-I-D.
So obviously, there was an enormous tune in audience
for that show on TCI cable last night.
We had one lady in an disco, who pretends that he saw it.
W-I-O-D.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you were great at the show last night.
Yes, I was.
I think, uh, sure.
The whole programming of it sucked because the band had, I mean,
they should get rid of it.
What do they need a band for on, like, a local access show?
They had to talk about the illusions of Grandeur.
The illusions are my story.
Right.
That came back in the air.
They were still playing for such a long time.
In fact, at the end of the show, they wanted the, uh, the, uh,
the floor guy.
He said, well, you can go on extra 10 minutes if you want.
Devo figured, well, let's, uh, you know, let's end it now before it makes a bigger jackass out of me or something like that.
And by the time we left there at 930, I felt like I had just sat down like nobody had said anything yet.
We never talked about anything.
It didn't.
It went too fast.
I mean, when he said, when he said the break, he says we'll be back and we're going to talk about, uh,
horse racing.
And then during the break, the guy, the floor director there says, well,
uh, all you can do is come if you don't want to do the extra 10 minutes, Devo,
you just come back and say goodbye and that's it.
Yeah.
I was lucky to get to say Wayne's an asshole or whatever the hell he said.
I'm expecting for you to do some more talk and he's like, okay,
it would nice to be here.
Whatever.
We'll see you next Monday.
I don't know why they didn't just leave it on for hours for crying out loud.
They got nothing else going over there.
TCI local access.
What are they going to put on some, uh, uh, city commission meeting in sweet water.
Something who the hell cares?
And you get to say what they put after.
They didn't put, they didn't put crap.
They didn't put crap.
Everybody, I'm sure everybody just turned the thing off.
Of course, all seven of them were watching.
I still believe we had more people on the inside than we're watching on the outside.
I'm telling you, there's nobody on this phone.
Are you coming back to it?
No chance.
That's it.
You should do it just doing our show.
I'm doing my own show, screw that guy.
Okay, I'm going to go and do a show where I get paid for doing it and not going in there to hold somebody else's hand.
Oh, that was freebie.
I can't believe it.
There were, there were, there were, there were.
What do you mean that was a freebie?
I got $100 worth of hooters, uh, certificates in my pocket.
I'm like, what more could you want than that?
Oh, I got a big wide, my pocket right now.
Look at that.
There's $5, $20 hooters, uh, certificates.
Why would they give you, uh, chicken wings when you don't eat them?
They had lasagna and chicken wings there.
And of course, I couldn't eat anything.
I think that was the idea.
So how about, uh, can you give me one of those certificates?
Get out of here.
Can you, can you, you hear that?
Did you just hear that?
All you got to do is mention you got something that you don't want.
Oh, I'll take it.
I want it.
Yeah, I'll give you something for free.
How's this?
Okay, I'll give you another one, extra charge.
There you go.
Okay, grab it.
Can you give me one of those certificates?
What a pudwacker.
Speaking of that.
What was the purpose of, uh, the escort to the table?
That's the way they do the show.
What the hell was that?
The little hooters girl grabs you by the arm and she takes you up to the little table.
And, uh, they're having a big discussion before the show started.
Do you go around behind the chair or are you cut in front of her?
I mean, come on.
You guys are in La La Land.
There's nobody watching this.
It's like, it's like a home, like in your closet somewhere.
And they really, they're acted like they're a big time.
They have delusions of grandeur.
They're a fantasy.
Did you see how the show started?
And you talk about, and it's a real nice neighborhood to it.
I got the door wide open waiting for these people to come running and off the streets.
That's a really smart move, guys.
Did you see how it started?
Like the first thing they showed, they showed the thief's hands in a $100 bill.
That's how the show started.
Right.
Nothing else.
Right.
And then they started to come.
Yeah, he stood up there with a $100 bill like this is the big come on.
If anybody's watching, come running down here saying Neil is God.
I mean, anybody's saying anything for $100.
And it's, uh, you know, brother comes running in there and that was it.
He did get there pretty quick.
I'll say that.
Yeah, and then they have the, they have the,
I think he was doing a bank job up the corner and he just made a little detour.
They had that camera outside and then they show the deliverance band plane.
And then they'd go back to the camera outside.
Yeah.
And then there'd be like all of a sudden your, the video got slow and then your mouth is moving like real slow.
What is that mean?
How can the video get slow?
I don't understand.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Like if they were running it like in like when they show old NFL films and everything's in slow motion.
Yeah.
But the, but the audio was it full speed.
Are you kidding me?
So in other words, this was more embarrassing than I realized.
I mean, it looked like you were having like a relapse with bells.
Pause your mouth is going real slow.
Yeah.
The voice is going to, yeah.
Incredible.
It was absolutely.
Never again.
But besides that, it was funny when you were having, when you were allowed to speak for five minutes.
Yeah.
But after that, it was, you know, like they said, great school at best.
Exactly.
Like broadcasting school at 102.
That's what I said last night.
Okay, Joey.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
My jaw is like, I'm drooping a little bit over here.
And goddamn Adam turned at the, what is wrong with that kid?
You know what?
You talk about a kid.
Of course, he's always in the hospital more even than I am.
So he's got a problem.
Talk about danger boy.
Look at that.
Look at that.
78 degrees.
That little slut turns this up to.
What an asshole you are, Adam.
What a jerk.
I never seen anybody that of that age.
I can understand somebody holding the crap at like Rick.
But somebody that young to have like no body insulation.
Well, of course, he weighs about 40 pounds so can wet.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe eat a meal or two or once a week might be a good idea, huh?
1021 at WIOD.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Phil Henry, afternoons on 610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
Dad, are we there yet?
Mr. Mary Carter.
He's coming in 1991, the epic film of a decade.
The movie that had to be made from the colossal bestseller by John Gotti.
Rocky meets the Godfather.
Yo, Michael.
Hey, boom.
Hey, get out of my face.
You're too bit act a punk.
From short films or better, because there's more profit.
Catch the whole series.
Rocky meets dirty Harry.
Go ahead.
Act.
Rocky meets the president.
I'd rather not.
Rocky meets your mom.
Oh dear.
I thought he'd be so much taller.
Rocky meets Beethoven.
What?
Rocky meets Bowling Hall.
Be you.
Rocky meets the Godfather.
The series.
Coming soon.
Do I figure out a nail you?
Consider it a warning.
1024 at WIOD.
This adjoys looked into the casket yesterday as they buried his dear departed friend and said,
You ate the only.
And that's how it was.
The urge went to his first depressing funeral yesterday and he realized that some of the
people there, including some of the relatives, were not his favorite people.
See, that's why I don't understand.
I don't get it.
That's one of the reasons I don't go to funerals because what's the point after somebody is dead?
And people say, well, I'm going to pay my respects.
Yeah, but what's the point of paying respects once after somebody is dead?
They don't appreciate it.
I mean, if you were close with a family or if the family were like a bunch of nice people,
or if there's like some significance there, but other than that, I don't get it.
What's the point?
To get really depressed.
Exactly.
I don't think you'll be going to too many more, okay?
I don't think you'll be going to a lot more like when our PD goes off the deep ends.
We have lots of open lines on this board here, baby.
I don't understand why because we have a brand new trial that's been started now in L.A.
The Mark Ferman trial.
OJ ain't beyond trial.
He do not be on trial.
Mark Ferman's on trial now.
See, this is what's called obfuscation, baby.
It's called a big smoke screen.
It's called throwing lots of clouds, lots of dust in the year.
And if you throw enough crap up in the year, maybe some of it will come down into ground.
That's the desperate thing that they're doing out.
Of course, this judge in North Carolina.
You know what a bum fork place that is, North Carolina.
He says, oh, yeah, yeah, you got to take that.
Now, let me just ask you this.
Okay, see, first of all, it was not a good idea for Mark Ferman to lie about one thing, okay?
When you ask a white person if they've ever called black people a nigger in the last time,
how many years did he say 10, 15 years, whatever?
And they say, no, you know they're lying.
You know they're lying.
You know they're full of crap.
That would be like asking a black person if they've ever made any a pejorative remarks about white people last 10 or 15 minutes.
I mean, who are we kidding here, man?
It's a racist country.
And even if it ain't racist, I mean sometimes, you know, stereotypes in the pejorative terms.
Maybe there's a reason for it.
Like if you're driving to work here on 79th Street and some black guy cuts you off and his little beat up Toyota.
And you say to yourself, I mean, nobody else can hear you.
The windows are closed, but you're pissed off.
You're frustrated.
You say you stupid nigger.
Don't you say that?
Me?
What do you say?
I don't.
I say asshole.
You stupid nigger asshole, you say?
I haven't used it in the last 10 years.
Oh, here we go.
See, I'm so glad I brought this up.
But I haven't.
You stupid kike if some old Jew in sunrise cut you off on a highway.
You wouldn't say you stupid old kike.
What would you say?
No.
I'd just say a few other choice things.
Well, I'm not talking about the four letter words.
I'm talking about pejorative terms.
If some woman cuts you stupid bitch.
If she's sitting there at the left hand in the lane and she won't get out there in the intersection and you're behind her.
And there's like nobody coming for as far as the eye can see.
You say you stupid bitch.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you never.
You've never used the word nigger in your life.
No, no, that's not true.
You just got through sand.
The past 10 years.
You just got through sand.
How do you know it's 10 years?
How do you know it's 10 years?
Been more than that.
How do you know?
Because I know the point in my life when I decided that it was wrong to do that and I stopped.
It's wrong to do what?
To use that word that way as an insult.
How about fag?
Only ingest and only to your face.
Ah!
I'm not talking about me.
Here we go only to your face.
How do you like that?
Or their face.
W-I-O-D.
Hello, Neil.
Like I'm the only faggy, you know, is not, yes?
Yeah, man.
I watched the show last night.
I'm like one of the two or three people that did.
Yeah.
And, uh, man, that ban was terrible.
You know, what do we need a ban there for?
Well, I mean, a half a ban.
And we have a prestigious guest down there who's, you know, gets in a limousine.
They slept me there in a limo to go the way down there and back.
And you think they'd want to take as much time to hear the important stuff I've got to say,
which they already heard a million times anyway.
Oh, God, man.
It was, I think it was the big frontal lobe and the extra fingers that threw me off with the ban there.
Yeah.
That's how you were messing with D-fo, yeah.
Oh, jeez, man.
Listen, I was wondering...
Because I have a ban.
How do I get out to be on that show, man?
Because my ban is 10 times better than that.
Just show up.
Just show up and get a little rumble going, kick their ass out.
I think that's what it was.
They're about your food cakes, that ban.
Kick their ass out.
Yeah, but we got a chick over.
So we have a market.
Move in and take over, pal.
But try to do it on a show where they have an audience, like that one.
That's true, too.
All right, man.
Okay, last night.
Thank you.
I enjoyed it.
See ya.
Okay, there you go.
There's a guy who enjoyed it.
He sat there.
He got into it.
He did a little five-man, five-finger electrical ban with himself during the show.
We have two open lines in day.
It's seven, five, one, two, and brown, five, two, four.
See, I don't believe, because I know most people are liars.
I don't believe that there are people who don't use derogatory terms.
And they don't always necessarily mean it in the most personal sense.
It's just that this is the way, you know, there are stereotypes.
Although I don't think I use WAP or Dago.
Do I?
I mean, you know, I've been to Italy so many times.
I feel like I've eaten so much Italian food in my life.
I feel like kind of a WAP or Dago myself.
So I don't think I've ever used that.
Crowd, oh yeah.
Oh, some of those old people in Germany, man.
You'll be eaten, crowd.
You'll be spewing.
Because those old Germans, man, they're the sewage of the earth.
The old ones, the younger people are okay.
But, man, you'll be making every kind of, what else do you call Germans?
Besides Nazis and stuff like that.
I mean, what else would you call?
I just said, crowd.
My crowd makes a big friend.
Speck.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Speck.
Like nobody out there says, speak.
I do.
See there you go.
You don't say nigger, but you'll say, speak.
Now, what the hell does that make you besides a self-hating speck?
Oh, self, oh, I see.
So in other words, it's okay for me to say, faggot.
But if you say it, then it's bad.
Is that what you're saying?
Because I think so.
How about if a black person calls somebody like, who is that guy?
We used to have a guest under your hair, a real jackass.
A black guy who used to come on and talk about the nigger and negroes.
This guy was the most, and he used to say it just to get everybody all upset.
Not on this station.
It was like back in the WS News days.
This was such a, oh, man, such an obnoxious guy.
But anyway, see, so Mark Furman, my point is, you'd never have said that,
because it's an unrealistic question in the first place, especially when you're working in the LAPD.
When you're working in a police department, what are you laughing about?
They're not racist, not the LAPD.
No, that's not the point.
That's not the point.
What kind of people do you think they deal with every day?
And I'm not, I'm the last one to defend cops.
But what kind of people do they encounter every day?
Do you think they deal with the middle and upper class black population of Los Angeles?
I don't think so, or about the Chicano population they deal with the upper crust.
I don't think so.
Is there an upper crust? Oh, sorry.
But what do you laugh at about?
I don't know if there's like an upper crust Mexican population in Los Angeles.
I don't know.
I mean, maybe they're all wet backs.
What the hell do I know about Los Angeles?
Other than I don't ever want to go there again.
There's two damn many signs in Oriental language, in Asian languages.
I'm so sorry.
The language is Oriental.
The language is Oriental.
It's just the people who are on a slant.
Is that what you're saying?
I noticed that Western Avenue in Los Angeles, the whole street is on a bigger slant.
It wasn't from an earthquake either.
You find a sign in English on that street and I'll pay a thousand bucks.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I did say it last night.
And it was a technical disaster.
I mean, you were great.
The show was very entertaining.
But as far as the technical quality of the show goes, it was a complete disaster.
Yeah, it's like a home.
It's like a kid would do in his basement up north somewhere who's like in broadcasting school.
You got his own little camcorder and he's doing a make-believe show.
But it wasn't a set so much.
Like you were talking all of a sudden they showed a two-second clip of a Panther game.
And then you guys were talking about something else and they'd go to like a...
Yeah, well they did have a monitor there, but I was trying to ignore it as much as possible because it made no sense at all.
I mean, they were showing a clip of the...
... some flyers playing somebody.
And then there was a little Panther thing in there.
But we weren't even seeing playing the flyer.
So what the hell were they showing that for?
I don't get it.
See, they're trying because little Andy Calbs involved in this
and some of the people at D.F.O. and Mandog you've got on 33 are also involved in this show.
They're trying to make it like sports wrap.
Now why would you want to do that? Why wouldn't you try to make it something different?
When sports wrap is on the night before.
You know what I'm saying? Why not do something different?
Yeah, that's what I agree completely.
Another thing that I noticed last night, old Jeff DeForest is a little getting a little chunky there.
He sure is. He is getting...
I want to give you what I said.
Kind of the two people, the first books have you, the Neil.
That's right.
Yeah, well it was great. I enjoyed it.
Okay, work the four now. Thanks a lot.
There we go. They had a great time. Oh, he was in Proud.
Now let's see. TCI bought out stores.
That would you keep trying to tell me?
So you could have seen it yourself if you were a high in Pemberg Pines?
Or don't you have TCI?
Yes, I did.
You do have it? You didn't watch it?
I wasn't there.
Oh, I was getting tanked.
He was getting tanked because he went to a funeral yesterday.
Okay, how do you like that?
Some fat you friend of his died at age 29 because he ate himself into oblivion
and like a human whale.
Four or five hundred pounds and he died.
We were having our own private shivvy.
He died?
He died.
You were in your own shivvy?
Two open lines and broiled.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
So look at this. No commentary about this because obviously none of our people out there
in the audience would ever use words like that.
You lying bastards.
I'm going to tell you one of the things about this show that I really like.
It besides me is the fact that I come on here and I say things every single day
that most of you don't have the balls to say.
You don't even have even anonymous on the phone.
Nobody knows who the hell it is except the people tracing the call.
Nobody knows who the hell it is but you don't have the balls to say it even anonymously on the phone.
Other than you're a jackass in faggot and stuff like that which any child can do crap like that.
But oh no, we expect our police officers.
There's nobody would ever use the word nigger and that's why when he lied about that
you knew he was digging a deep hole for himself just like we know that Johnny Cochrane
certainly don't have any racist feelings in his bone.
That piece of slime that Johnny Cochrane was running around here.
What show was that on Soul Train or some stupid show like that?
Yeah, you're a Soul Train musical ward or something.
Soul Train music awards. What the hell was he doing on there anyway?
And he comes out there one that was he one of the presenters or something?
Isn't this great? We got a lawyer celebrities now.
We got Bobby Shapiro with his egg rolls.
We got Johnny and his Cochrane on the Soul Train show.
He's a presenter for the awards and they're all getting on free.
Oh, Jay, free. Oh, Jay.
I like it's a big. It's another media hype.
Okay. Forget the fact two people got killed.
Here it isn't a goddamn newspaper again here like you people had a brain which you don't.
What you don't.
Woman 82 killed for drug money.
Police neighbor son confessed to beating beat the crap out of this old woman in
Lauderdale so we could steal a couple of TVs got himself a hundred dollars so we could buy crack cocaine on the street.
This son of a bitch should be shot today today.
He should be dead by noon this mother scratch.
I'll tell you that right now.
No questions asked this Hicks guy.
Whatever the hell is William Hicks.
He should be dead before the show is over.
I'm telling you that right now.
No goddamn trial.
And then this bitch up there in Union South Carolina, the Susan Smith.
Well, we don't want to screw up the community.
It's going to make for a lot of bad feelings.
So just give her life in jail.
Maybe 30 years will let her out when she's eligible for parole if she says enough Hail Mary's.
But in the meantime, this guy steals a toothbrush and a tuba toothpaste.
It got them Albertsons and he's dead.
What does that tell you about justice in America man?
You steal a tuba toothpaste and they'll kill your ass.
But if you go out there and drown your kids and now we got a copycat bitch up there in Ohio.
You see that?
To show you the mentality of the people in this country.
You're too busy watching Ricky Lake every goddamn day and don't know reality from fantasy who haven't got a clue.
All this trailer park trash we got out there.
That's what America is.
I'm going to take the goddamn country state by state and I'm going to show you what a trailer park trash country this is.
You show me a state that's got any decent people and it'll leave this one out obviously.
And I'll show you an exception.
Trailer park trash America.
So we got a copycat bitch and she goes on and well the cycle guy who did this you better.
And she does the same routine and she copies it like right down the line and she killed her little kid.
And how she confessed to it.
She killed her little kid.
And I'll go to lunch with my mother's today and my mother will say,
Oh that poor dare she's so confused.
I think she's going to be on her all over this afternoon.
We'll find out what really forced her over the edge.
And I'll go.
Oi!
W.I.M.D. here's plantation down the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, I'll tell you what.
First of all, Johnny Cochran is the reason of affirmative action has gone wrong.
Johnny Cochran is the antichrist.
Yes he is.
I guarantee he's got three sixes on each cheek.
Which, yeah.
I guarantee you that right now man.
I'm serious.
Are you checking lately?
Forget about the markings on Michael Jackson's penis.
Let's check the markings on Johnny Cochran's butt.
All right, all right, okay fine.
Good people, Michigan.
There's no trailer parks in Michigan.
Oh give me a break.
Are you crazy?
Where the God does that trailer park?
Have you ever been in Taylor, Michigan?
I lived in Michigan for 12 years, Buster.
You're not talking to some Johnny Cochran lately.
Have you ever been in Taylor, Michigan?
Which is a suburb of Detroit?
No less.
Yeah.
Yes, there's nothing.
There's nobody but trailer park tracks in Taylor, Michigan.
They're all prick.
They're all prick.
They prick the trailers in.
It's not a trailer park.
I'm not talking about trailer.
I'm not talking about people living in trailers.
I'm talking about the people themselves.
How about Susan Smith?
They didn't live in a trailer.
Was she a trailer park trash?
You bet.
No, she was trash.
She was trash.
She was trailer park trash, man.
If she wasn't in jail right now, she'd be on Ricky Lake this afternoon.
I guarantee you that right now.
Oh, I agree.
I agree.
I agree.
That disgusting slut.
She should be dead now.
Okay, if this country knew anything about justice, that bitch they would put it on God damn Phil Donnie who this morning laid.
Fry her ass.
Coast to coast on TV.
We don't mean business in this country, man.
We don't mean business.
She'd have been fried.
And this guy that beat up this old lady and what is it?
Is she to have been fried if she was a migger?
If she'd have been a nigger, that's right.
That's right.
I say it every day, man.
I don't, I don't feel like it.
No, what kind of well-wending mean.
You're proud of it.
You say it every day.
No, no, you're taking something I said.
Yeah, this guy says nigger, it is proud of it.
How do you like that?
You're a race.
You are a trailer park trash.
No, no.
Hey, come on now.
Okay, what's the name of your park?
What's the name of my park?
Yeah.
Poor leaf clover.
Poor leaf clover.
Y'all who will see this guy is from Michigan.
I knew he was probably from Hillsdale or somewhere like that.
Probably from Coldwater.
No, I can't believe it.
You talk about rednicks.
From Gross Point.
From Gross Point.
Talk about bigotry, man.
No, no, no, no.
How many Jews lived in your neighborhood, man?
I dated it to you from Rochester.
Yeah, from Rochester, Michigan, probably.
No, no.
From Rochester, New York?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's how far away she had to move just to get in.
Can I name her on the air and give her a picture?
No, I don't want you to name her on here.
Let's get back to all this.
Okay, okay, yeah, but the word nigger.
I don't use it every day.
I don't think you're right.
You just got your son.
You use it every day.
Why the hell would you use it every day?
Is that something you're proud of?
I don't use it every day.
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not proud of it.
Every day I feel the need to, every day of my amy.
I would agree with that.
There are people who behave in a certain way in this town that it does bring out your deepest
prejudices and you just can't restrain it because I try to.
I've even dated one black woman.
Yeah.
Just for the sake of sake.
In other words, if a guy plays a black hooker and he jumps in a sack with a black hooker,
that makes him a real liberal.
Is that what you're saying?
That makes him real broad-minded.
I said black broad-minded.
I would consider myself a liberal.
Yeah.
Come on.
Why don't you admit it?
You're from Taylor.
You're getting a big jar of vastness in the top of the TV.
There we go.
I rest my case.
We have an open line on the pound line, on purple, whatever it is.
My point being that people say things and most people don't want to talk about it because
you're not supposed to talk about certain things.
Tough crap.
Why the hell not?
Why not be a little bit honest for once in your life?
If people were a little bit more honest, we wouldn't have all this friction and all this hatred.
And people wouldn't think it's okay to be.
It's fashionable to say it behind closed doors.
But to say it in public, that's another story.
And then maybe we'd find out why we feel the way that we feel, etc. and so on.
You understand what I'm saying?
I don't think so.
I don't think you have any idea what I'm talking about.
Just like this miserable son of a bitch up there in Lauderdale that beats up this neighbor,
this nice old lady, 82 years old, he not only kills her.
He not only kills her, but before that, he beats the living crap out of her.
And then he murders her.
And then, and how about this school teacher that got raped yesterday up in, uh,
wherever the hell it was, and proured.
Your field or somewhere?
Somewhere like that.
Yeah.
That's a point.
School teacher, she's sitting in there.
And by the way, who did it 18 to 20 year old young black man, okay?
I'm sick and tired.
If you're black, if you're white, take responsibility for your own goddamn actions, OJ.
I'm sick and tired of people making excuses for anybody.
Whether it's Susan Smith or OJ, or that 18 year old kid or this very white guy up there
in Lauderdale killed this old lady.
Cry his ass today on television right now.
And let's start saying we mean some business in this country.
This is not the way that a civilized country lives, U.S. holes.
I've been trying to tell you that and you just don't give a crap.
They come on with their hysterical channel seven news and they got all these big, all the big, uh, uh, graphics and the big,
uh, murder in Mayhem and Lauderdale and all this other crap.
And you think this is the way the world is supposed to be?
God damn it.
Howard Biel had a point.
You're a bunch of numbscalls.
Man, television is totally corrupted.
Whatever little brain you may have had before and convinced you that this is the way a sane country lives.
It rational people that would never accept this for a way to live.
Nobody would ever accept it.
Any more than decent people, whatever accept living in a neighborhood that turns into a toilet.
Decent people don't accept that.
Decent people don't accept their neighbors throwing garbage and trash out on the goddamn lawn.
They go next door and blow their crap away.
I respect them better if they went next door and blew their crap away than allowing their neighborhood to become like that.
Okay.
So don't give me this crap about changing neighborhoods like the swill of an area that we're in here right now.
They used to be a pretty goddamn good part of town.
North Bay Village used to be like pretty prestigious one I first came here.
Pretty fancy shmancy.
Including even up on the corner there with Prince Hamlet and juniors and get the honey juniors and all the other stuff they used to be around this part of town.
And Rocky, Gratziani's and all these other...
And now it's a toilet.
And why is it a toilet?
Because the people that have moved into this part of town have accepted the fact that this is the way they want to live.
And the people who moved out, they decided that was the way to solve the problem by moving away from it.
And every goddamn city you go to in this country with very few exceptions, that's what you find.
You find people running away and running away. Where do you run to now, baby?
I'd like to know if you live in Los Angeles unless you're a multi-millionaire living OJ's neighborhood or Ron Popeel.
Where do you run now, man?
And find a civilized place to live in that sewer in that festering toilet of a town.
And we're running a contest to send somebody out there to L.A. If you're smart, you'll stay away from the airport that day, man.
And you'll stay away from that Sarah bitch too if you're smart.
Let's go to Miami. Hello?
Hey, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
I don't like, I just called that last color cracker.
A cracker?
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about a honky?
Now I don't see that, I can't cracker.
Cracker, okay.
Yeah.
But you're right.
That's all.
Okay.
Open line of day, 751.
I mean, let's stop pretending. Let's stop beating around a bush.
And now of course, if Mark Furman, we find out on these tapes that, oh yeah, he used the word nigger.
So what the hell does that prove?
That proves that he's set up OJ even though all the evidence, the blood evidence, every piece of evidence,
he's got no alibi, he's got no story except now.
According to, did you hear the story about how they ran him through a dry run?
If he's going to testify, which they still probably is not going to do it.
But they ran him through a dry run and it was an unmitigated disaster according to all reports.
And one of the things he blurted out was, well, Marcus could have done it.
Marcus Allen, I think had a chance to do it.
I think Marcus done it.
We got the wrong number 32, OJ.
Yeah, he's got the right number on the uniform.
He's got the wrong guy.
It wasn't Marcus.
It was that other 32.
Oh, man.
Yeah, from Buffalo and the 49ers, that's the 32.
From USC, baby, that's the 32 who done it.
You jackass, you piece of trash, you craphead.
So now we got a whole separate issue, okay?
Because everything becomes a question of race, especially in Los Angeles.
Everything is an issue of race.
Forget the fact that there were dead people.
They're long forgotten, man.
They're not even warm anymore, okay?
They're not even moist.
They're cracking and crumbling.
Their bones are rotting in the ground, being eaten by the worms as we speak.
So what's for lunch?
Six, ten, W-I-O-D.
Pascas, no questions in world till you know lies.
How could can't keep his packer in his pants?
Just lick him.
Okay, 1049 at W-I-D.
Here's the best news of the day, baby.
You've been waiting for some good news instead of all these murders and mayhem.
Here's some good god damn news.
Panthers release Serella, Benning and Lamakin.
Oh, we're talking, okay?
Now we're talking some progress, baby.
Since it's gonna be our last season with the Panthers anyway, thanks to that Pockmark
plus headway in Hipingah.
It's gonna be our last hockey season in South Florida for a long time if maybe forever.
Because after this season he's gonna stick it to us.
So the Panthers have released a fence been Joseph Serella, Brian Benning and forward
Andrea Lamakin.
It was announced today by General Manager Brian Murray.
We love you, Brian, even with your speech defect, baby, you're all right.
All three players have been finagling with the Panthers since their record-breaking inaugural
season, the Aduyadi-Aduyadi.
And in different ways each of these players greatly brought us down, et cetera said Brian
and get rid of him.
All right.
Serella, 82 is on his last legs and it goes on and on.
So that's the best news of the day, okay?
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Morning.
Yes, sir.
I was calling to tell you that I just heard that.
Isn't that good news?
The hockey did a great news.
That's the best news, man.
My day is looking up right now.
Anyway, I've been talking to you in about four and a half months.
Yeah.
I changed all of them.
I used to be able to call you a front periodically, but now they have it on restriction.
Well, listen, that's nice.
Yeah, great.
But we saw you on TV last night.
And?
All right, three people.
You look totally different.
You look like you lose weight.
Yeah.
But default, man.
He's swelling.
I'm losing it and he's picking it up.
It's like on a candle Toyota show.
Don Cox is losing all the weight in Jacobson's ladling it on.
And they just had a great transplant.
Like that?
Halfway through his soliloquy at the beginning of the show, they decided to get him with
a waist up shot because the.
Yeah, the view of the camera view was showing his little cut jiggling around.
He was jiggling.
Yeah.
Hey, I like that look on your face when that black guy ran in for the hundred bucks.
You look like you were like skiershot, little.
No, are you kidding me?
You didn't.
Okay.
No, you didn't look a little friendly.
That guy was a fruitcake.
Come on.
You didn't look a little friendly otherwise.
When you looked at him first, when you ran in, you were like, what the hell is he doing
here?
Hey, I was looking at everybody in that joint like that.
They had, I kept seeing who are all these people coming in here that said, we don't
know.
They just kept coming in, coming in.
You didn't see the little studio audience here.
There must have been 50 people in there.
I thought there was.
You ever go to a broom closet and have 50 people show up in there?
It gets a little bit cluster phobic in there, you know what I'm saying?
And then there's a little girl.
And plus the band and the hooters girls.
That's what I was going to say.
I like that you image there, man, when she escorted you in there.
Yeah.
And then little girls out there.
Oh my goodness.
And they're trying to put you in the upper little.
Neil is going to get people out of the day.
There you go.
All right.
And Neil was a good dog.
Well, I'm having a good wrap to six people saw it now, man.
All right.
Run the map.
Have a great life.
See you.
Open line and Broward.
524, we got one on a green line.
I told you that she was going to be a smash success last night.
A smash hit.
Don't say that too fast.
Smash.
Okay.
Let's go to Miami.
Wait a minute.
Let's try it on here.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good.
Listen, I want to just come in on the, what you're talking about this morning is, you know,
these terminology and everything.
Yes.
I'm a black and I use crack all the time.
There you go.
I try not to.
Why not?
And I don't think it's appropriate for me to use a term, but sometimes I get angry.
Well, there, if, listen, if people, another, there's an old saying, if the shoe fits wear
it, you know what I'm saying?
And if somebody behaves in a stereotypical way, if somebody from New York behaves like
some of these old people up in sunrise, I'm Jewish myself, but you know, there's nothing
to be more offensive personally than the way some of the old Jews down here behave and
drive and act.
And I'll be the first one to say, you stupid old Jew bastard.
Why don't you get off the road?
You know, with your Jew canoe or whatever.
And that's not big a tree.
That's just a reality.
It's just part of what's going on.
But you know, at the time, we're a part of it.
We went for one zone and Eftley Bailey was asking those questions.
I really was wondering at the time, I'm saying, what a hell is Bailey going with this?
And then when I heard firm and sit up there and go, no, I have, no, I went, oh, you stupid.
Don't you understand this is all this is all they've got is the setup deal.
They've got no other possible suspects.
They've got no other theories.
The only thing that the whole drug thing fell apart.
The only deal they got is to make it appear that he was set up now by racist cops and it
was a conspiracy.
And now they're leaning back on that.
They're almost at the end of their defense, which all of their defense witnesses have
been bozos.
Right.
But why would why would firm and attorney let him fall for that?
I mean, you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You should have had him read it.
Look, if they answered a question, say, sure.
And especially when he knew he must have known that these tape recordings existed.
I mean, how could you be so stupid to leave yourself wide open just in case the court ever
ruled, which they did yesterday, that they could bring these into evidence?
See the thing that bothers me most about this, Neil, being black is the fact that I'm
just using my opinion.
Oh, Jay did it, okay?
And you look at it.
It's not about black and white, it's about green because my ass is in there.
My ass, I would be in prison now.
That's right.
You're already beyond death's role, baby.
You'd be counting the days you do.
You'd be in the bottom of money.
Right.
Being able to extend it's an about a dream to make.
I'm telling you another thing.
You just like this, Michael Jackson Crap, too, now, which I noticed that the media are really
presenting this in a very subdued way.
But now we find out he paid the first kid 25 million.
And now we've got another one where the negotiations are currently underway where there's 15 million
that looks like they're going to.
And now there's a new one that's coming in and he lied through his teeth to that puff
piece with Diane Sawyer on ABC that night or CBS or whatever it was ABC.
And Vanity first got a whole big thing about it, but they're really bearing this because
it's the king of pop.
He's the king of pedophilia is what he is.
He's not the king of pop, he's the king of puke.
That's all about money.
Right.
Just one other thing, Neil.
So he's got all that money invested, baby.
Sony and CBS and everybody else, they'll be God then if they're going to let him go away
easily without a fight.
What other thing?
Were you counting fast weekend?
No.
OK, well all the local stations when they did their weather reports, they were showing
the remnants of Aaron.
Yeah.
I swear to you, Neil, Channel 7 had the remnant, they showed rain and watching the DC.
And then they said, this is the remnants of Aaron.
And then they showed our caromal meal.
This is the remnants of Aaron.
They have air responsible for every goddamn drop of rain that's falling over any part of
the United States.
I want to give you the real thing here, Neil.
Thanks, Brian.
Absolutely.
Yeah, just a bunch.
And you know something, now they got this thing that's 3,000 miles away.
Have you seen this?
I'll just off the coast of Africa.
Next thing they're going to be telling us that it's going to bring the Ebola virus with
it along here and going to kill everybody in Florida.
You talk a bunch of alarmist maniacs who are just desperate now, this Aaron is just getting
sucked dry.
Absolutely.
Couldn't be a drop of rain left in there because she's getting sucked dry, yes sir?
We'll shameful request.
Yes.
What is a short call?
OK, thank you.
See ya.
Is that under what?
Because I don't think we're ever going to find it.
What a short call.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I hate your ass.
Well, that's good.
How about my foot?
You want my foot?
How about my foot up your ass?
How does that sound, pal?
Open line and day 751.
What on the green line?
1-800.
Let's go to Florida City on the river Purple Line.
Hello?
Ok, be damn near Gilder.
Let's try a Tamarack.
Hello?
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Welcome to Florida House.
That movie was for everybody with the crawling hand.
Are we still back on that crap?
That was neat.
Everybody told you.
Have you had a lawyer to remember?
The beast with five fingers.
Yeah, we already got that.
Oh, and that's all right there?
OK, thanks.
Come on, let's move up to the present time.
OK, let's not live in a past.
What was it, Dr. Fibes and what?
Two open lines in Dade County.
7519-463.
One in Broward.
524-WIOD.
Yeah, this crap they bring on the news story.
I think it was on 70s today and maybe on 6.
Doesn't really make any difference because they're all the same.
All they're doing is peddling personalities.
You'll watch the whole newscast, man.
There's nothing on there except personalities and dead people.
That's it.
And sometimes dead personalities.
But, well, the King of Pop.
How can you come on with this story and still refer to him
with these ridiculous adjectives, the King of Pop
as if he's still like bigger than life itself, this piece of Drek,
this piece of animal, you know, blaming on his childhood.
Let's play that about 50 times again.
Yeah, he was misunderstood.
That's the new deal now.
The Menendez brothers, well, they were sexually abused.
They never told their shrink about that, but they were sexually abused by their father
who ain't here because he's dead and they killed him, okay?
And a same with Susan Smith.
He was beaten by her father.
So she was under a lot of stress.
He went out and drowned the two kids.
Even though she really wanted to check up with his other guy with all the money,
whatever it was.
And a same with everybody else, Michael Jackson, he had a miserable childhood.
That's why he sleeps with nine and ten-year-old kids and takes off their pantaloonies.
That's what it's all about, okay?
Who is kitten?
Who?
How can you be so stupid?
And how could people go out and buy that goddamn album?
Doomy, kike, me, doomy, speak in a majority of terms.
And then all of a sudden, after they milked all the publicity out of that,
well, he's cutting a new one with different lyrics because we don't want to piss anybody off.
Come on, will you?
His story, my ass.
His story would make your hair stand on it.
In fact, I should have brought that book back, you know, that Phil finally brought it back after a year.
That's the book you ought to be reading right now.
That's where you'll find a real goddamn truth on this disgusting, disgraceful pedophile.
They're all looking for pedophiles on the internet.
Why don't they look right there and a goddamn Neverland, wherever the hell he calls it?
And they found a book in his room and then he tries to give us this crap to boy.
All these pictures, a little naked boys.
Well, I guess it's just stuff I never opened up.
You know, my listeners send me anything.
If they know I like something, they send me all.
Yeah, if they know he likes naked little boys, they send them all these pictures, a naked little boys.
And some damn book they found.
And there's some like a book that's like the pedophile manual, man.
It's got all the naked little pictures, a little boys in there.
But it's just a coincidence, okay, because they're just trying to smear them because he's white.
Well, what the hell color is he this week?
Are they going to make a racial thing out of this?
He'll have to start doing black face again and try to start darkening up again.
They'll have to put his purse on the front of time magazine and see if they can make it as dark as they made OJs.
A bunch of crap, black and white and green.
Who gives a flying crap whether they're black or white?
If they're doing crime, man, then they're fry their ass.
They're harming other people in a frying, right?
And there's that goddamn Jack Ruby on here. How's he doing?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The Bruins are going to win the Stanley Cup next season.
Oh, yeah.
What do you think of that trade between the penguins?
Good trade for the Bruins, man. I agree.
I agree. I agree.
I agree. I don't think the Bruins are winning those Stanley Cup.
I can't wait to see Oates nearly and Stevens on the same line.
Yeah.
Yeah, but they, I don't know, there's something about them, man.
There's just a choke thing that hangs over their neck. They do okay early in the playoffs.
And then they just fold up their tent and they go home.
Every year, seriously. I don't know what the deal is.
That's true.
They need to bring back Bobby Orr.
They need to suit up the Turk. Get Derek out there on the ice.
He'll straighten their ass out.
I have a couple of friends that are penguins, penguins, man.
Yeah, me too.
Can you play that guy on the radio? Play those goals? The guy says, he shoots in scores.
You mean, Mike Lang?
Yeah, Mike Lang.
I might work it out.
Thanks.
Okay, pal.
Okay, I might just be able to do that.
In fact, we might hear like four hours of Mike Lang. How do you like that if I'm in a right goddamn mood?
Why not?
They zoom the cares.
Yeah, like hell we do.
610 WIOD.
Miami Ford Lauderdale.
Hey, asshole.
He's talking entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Looking for a Broward rapist.
Good morning at 11 o'clock. I'm Terry Griffin. New stock and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Grought to you by IGC.
The search is on for a deer field beach rapist.
W-A-Y-N-E.
Unbelievable.
S-U-C-K-S-S.
Yes!
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Did you talk with Neil? Call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's toll free.
1-800-944 WIOD.
And so you know, one customer's can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Neil God.
That damn sack it. I can't stand it.
The payments force it out of center.
Robert's out.
The scene from Biggs and I'm a trapping jam. Go into color.
Now I'm looking to the side.
For the robot to pee.
Soats and scars.
Look, Robert's out.
He gives up.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
He's got a lot of pain.
I'm walking in the roller.
It's a little motor.
I'm walking in the roller.
I'm walking right down the alley.
Be escharis and the penguins laying one in everything.
How Michael, Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
Wow.
Just about hit seven minute mark of overtime.
So what's wrong with you little bot?
The flyers must have had at least seven chances to end it.
to escape the
It's time for a showdown!
A showdown!
Wait for it!
Show it coming up now!
Coming next year, the King of Thought
could occur your hometown
touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School
for wayward boys.
It's Michael Jackson.
You don't look like the latest in picky
I've got a very happy sight.
Michael Jackson is in a pitiful
because I've found a little any childhood
It don't matter if he's back alright.
Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits
from oldies with the Jackson Five.
Still running the ABCs, I'm getting down on my knees.
Removing the dumb cookies,
ABCs suddenly,
ABC you and me.
That's right. From the time the tunes of the Jackson Five
to the classic solo work,
Michael Jackson's benefit to our age to please.
The people us around my soul
were thought to be a nile.
Some call me big brother, some are better files.
There's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while and beat it, beat it, beat it.
Okay, okay, okay.
I hate beat it, beat it, beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm food-a-press-it
I just sit around so again,
waiting for a call from a calling call again.
When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone,
I beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys
to receive backstage passes
to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
Well, it's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play
to find out at the fun-sleepy fly.
You know, it's time to free Willy.
Say, say, say what you want.
But you know who I
give affection.
I don't know how to read.
But then don't boys give me
a reaction.
I just flickered the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote
for the children of the world.
With the Vienna boys choir,
backing him up.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
Like Bill, he's James.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course, smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour
to benefit the Cardo Clancy School
for wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 have been admitted free
when a company by no one.
They're white.
They're really, really tight.
They're black.
They're white.
They're really, really tight.
They're black.
They're white.
Meeting this will shut the media up
and maybe he can
find some happiness again.
Yeah.
Ten after eleven at W.I.D.
it's the King of Pedophilia.
Maybe he's on top of it again.
25 million here, 15 million over there.
Small potatoes, okay?
So Devo told me last night,
a little inside exclusive that it is Michael
after all is going to get that little kid
out of the Pepsi bottle.
We have an open line at Broward,
5249463, one on a green line,
1-800, bite this.
Let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great songs there.
About your show yesterday,
because it was your show.
I mean, Jeff basically just sat there.
It was my show.
Don't give me credit for that thing.
Well, I know, but you will not go back on that show again.
Did you make it clear?
No, I will not.
So you told me that this studio
with the band like David Letterman's band there?
Yeah, right.
How was David?
He was there.
He had people there.
Yeah.
And it was just you two.
Right.
And the Hooter Girls.
People coming from the back, like he must have been like
about three years ago.
People wandering through the door.
They kept running out in the parking lot to see if anybody was out there.
I'm telling you, they would have welcomed muggers at that point.
They were so desperate to see if anybody was watching the show.
They were to welcome anybody.
Charles Manson would have been welcomed with open arms.
The main question is, I know the $100 was given out.
Right.
Was the 10 certificates given out?
One.
Hey, listen, the $20 certificate for Hooters,
you think people in that neighborhood are going to take the risk
their life and limb to come out there?
I mean, one guy gave him credit.
He showed up.
Yeah.
And you probably didn't see it, but he was running through the parking lot.
Like it was the last $100 bill that was that you possibly can win.
There it was.
And listen, Neil, a couple of people.
Well, he had a clammy hand, that kid.
Oh, they did.
Even Defoe, he was wiping his hand all over the place.
Right.
He and I like how you finally got Defoe to say that about Wayne Heizanga.
Yeah.
Is Jack As.
I did want him to say Wayne is a J.
I was like, hey, whatever, but you know, I said, Mr.
I made it a little more palatable.
Mr. Heizanga is a Jack As.
I wanted to say asshole, but they got, I asked him before the show.
I said, I don't want to use language on here that's going to get your people nervous.
Okay.
Well, you can say douchebag, but asshole, let's wait for the next time.
Of course, there won't be any next time.
But I have time with that show.
You bet.
Hey, listen, quick thing.
No more sorrows.
Thank goodness.
No more Brian Benning.
No more Andre Luzinlamakin.
No more of this crap.
No more of this dead weight.
Okay.
Now they're gone.
No more Terry Wade.
Now that should leave about $5 left in this you know for our cause they probably made.
That's right.
When is someone coming in here?
We're bringing Tim Horton back.
You did make some good points.
You did make some good points.
You did make some hell of a donut, even from the grave man can't touch those Tim Horton's
donuts.
Right, but you really make good points about the beauty.
Yes, he is a good goalie.
We're not going to take that away from him.
It's choke artists.
But it just seemed like his whole career, the third period, when you needed him.
He really wasn't there.
He reminds me of those guys at Highlight.
They make all these incredible stops off the wall.
They're upside down.
They're dancing.
They're on each other's ass.
And then all of a sudden a little lob comes off the wall when Elise expected.
Oops.
Oops.
There it is.
Yeah, but now what happens now?
You know, because of course Brian Murray says we're going to go to a young team with five games this season.
That's right.
We're going to lose our ass.
Right now.
These are probably have a four point.
It goes gets averaged.
I don't know.
I think our defense is going to be better.
I really do.
Or without Serell there.
Right.
At least we might have somebody who doesn't fall down every time he trips over the blue line.
It puts on a serious note.
And it might be able to actually get it out of his own end.
And zone two.
What is it?
Do you think we're going to bring someone in here, a name player?
No.
This season.
No.
Wayne's not going to spend that kind of money.
Well, not when he does blow.
Wayne is killing us, man.
He's taking the one thing we love, hockey, and he's going to kill it and butcher it and sell it.
Pedal it to somebody else and make a lot of money and then laugh at us.
I say, well, I tried to give you guys to go low.
Yeah, he's a piece of crap.
Right.
So one quick thing.
Right.
But is this probably, if they do leave next season, which is probably going to happen?
Yes, it is.
This will probably be the first time in history that a team probably came down for like two seasons to tease the tent.
Two and a half.
Two and a half seasons and left.
And they'll be gone.
Oh, I don't know.
Back in the early days of expansion, it was like the Kansas City Scouts.
And I don't remember how long some of those teams lasted, but some of them didn't hang it around to it.
In fact, when Denver had their first team and lasted about five minutes.
Five minutes?
Yeah.
Oh, good job.
They weren't even in the first period.
And they said, OK, let's suit up in the Don Cherry.
I think was coaching others.
And let's suit up guys and get out of here.
He still thinks he's coaching.
He does.
OK, pal.
Thanks, buddy.
Have a great life.
Hey, we had a big audience out there last night on the NEO Roger show featuring Jeff DeForest and his trees.
Get your friends to listen.
Or we'll play Michael Bolton until you hurl.
Oh, it's God.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today, Italian.
Lesson one.
Excuse me.
You're standing on my foot.
Hey.
Lesson two.
Isn't that a beautiful woman?
Hey.
Lesson three.
Hey, mister.
That's my sister-year kisser.
Hey.
Language lab is a public service program and may not be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you.
OK, don't say day go.
It's 11-18 at WIOD.
We have an open line in day.
8751, 1 on the green line.
See that one thing about words.
If you say them over and over again, it renders them meaningless.
So instead of making these words like really shrouded like that word nigger, which is if it's a really disgusting word.
But if you say it enough, it doesn't mean anything anymore.
Just like Faggot.
Who are there people get upset by that word Faggot?
It means nothing.
It means zero.
I mean, like fruitcake, now there's another story.
But Faggot, well.
OK, we have an open line on the green line.
If you're in Bokeh, if you're a Faggot up there in the Del Rey.
1-800-944, if you're a Faggot West Palm, run for your life, baby.
They're coming to get you.
Jesse Helms has got the Faggot Police coming to get your ass.
And wait till you see what they're going to do with it.
Here's the lady in Wellington.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you today?
One thing I thought was funny about that boy that came forward about Michael Jackson was in the article.
They said he had to draw a diagram of his genitals.
Yeah, he had to describe the markings.
Markings.
Right.
Oh, OK.
Well, I'm thinking about how to do that.
And that was another lie.
Go ahead.
That was another lie.
Don't you remember?
They brought him in into the strip search and the whole deal.
Yeah.
And they took all the pictures.
That was another lie.
They said, right on Diane Sawyer, he said that there were no markings.
And the kid was totally, he was like completely shown to be a liar at that point.
And the fact is that there were markings.
And the kid knew exactly what he was talking about, described him to a T or a P or whatever it looked like.
And that was it.
Well, I didn't realize there were markings.
I thought how different could he possibly look unless he was really like to see?
Every penis is different.
Well, yeah.
Trust me.
Yeah.
Believe me.
You wouldn't know.
I know.
I've seen my share.
I only tuned in about a half hour ago.
Did anybody talk to you about the article about pre-st background checks that was in the paper today?
Yes, and they're very pissed off about it too.
Well, what I thought was...
Father or tool.
God.
What's amazing is, like, just in one diocesse, 40 out of 600 pre-sts are refusing to fill it out.
I can't understand why.
That's a pretty high percentage.
No, actually, it's a pretty low.
I would think that 400 out of 600 were refusing the other 200 would rely like troopers.
Oh, well.
Yeah.
Well, Neil, I ordered my bumper sticker yesterday.
I will display it proudly.
Of what?
I would be.
You ordered it?
Well, I called George.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
I mean, not a problem.
You ordered it from us.
Yeah.
I thought you meant from promotions because if you called them, you'll never get anything except a headache.
Well, actually, no.
I spoke to Sarah.
I think it was Sarah.
I can't remember.
You spoke to Sarah, and you survived it?
Is he actually...
Neil, she took her unbelievable Neil Rogers bumper sticker off her bulletin board and is giving it to me.
That was the last one.
Yeah.
So that was pretty nice.
I bet the reedy breaks are hard to take that off of there.
Well, I haven't received it yet, so I'll let you know.
Okay, have a great day.
Thanks.
See you.
Okay, now what is this crap they got in here?
Oh, Eston Ocea on MTV Latino.
They got the King of Pedophilia.
They're going to have a whole big thing on Eston Ocea.
You miserable bastards.
That gave, what's his name over there, that douche bag over on the beach?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
A propping up this damn pedophile.
I got news for it.
Those are the spicks down there.
They're not too big about child molesters, okay?
Not at all.
Mama Sita.
They're not too big on that kind of crap going on.
So you can keep peddling the King of Pukal you want, baby.
But sooner or later, they're going to come up and bite you right on a fat ass their game.
You jackass.
You exploiter of human misery and suffering.
You big fat in, by the way, that tape you gave me still sucks.
Remember that Louise tape, they put Miguel tape they put together and it bounced around like a...
Like a bowling ball that thing was bouncing all over the place.
The old up and down, that's not what I had in mind gave, not up and down.
It's 1121 at WIOD.
Cracket trip promo number...
Oh, one.
Oh, sorry.
We haven't done one yet.
Hey everybody, you like to go to LA?
I mean, is it the airport a week from Friday?
We'll send you on a little scavenger, huh?
We'll tell you more about it on the Rick and Sud show.
But it's called a tragic trip.
When you think of tragedy, think of us.
It's Rick and Suds, weekday mornings on 610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
This talk radio stuff is good for you.
Your analyst is pretty sure.
Okay, 1123 at WIOD.
And of course, some of the most benign people that you would ever think, you know,
every now and then let something slip out that betrays a certain amount of prejudice deep within their bowel.
Two of the dumbest white men that I have ever met in my entire life.
But that's a whole different story.
We'll get to it a whole different time.
Okay, Mikey, it's 1124 at WIOD.
I mean, I'm not singling him out.
I just happened to find that cart and I thought it would be really timely.
We've all got our prejudices, man.
And the fact that this guy, this cop, this porker, the fact he may have used the N word on numerous occasions.
Don't make him nothing special, okay? Except just your ordinary schmuck like all the rest of us.
But all that proves beyond a shadow of point, create that Johnny Cochrane.
There's the one they ought to fry his ass.
I bet you we took a vote on that right down color lines, man.
100% of the white people in America say fry that Johnny Cochrane's ass.
He's a piece of crap. Slymey.
You just look at him and the slime is oozing off of his body.
Off that ugly pus.
Just ask his ex-wife, by the way.
No, she wasn't the wife.
What is she? She was, he was living with her, right?
And then she's taken him to the cleaners and I hope she gets every goddamn dime and every piece of rotten clothing.
We have an open line in day, 751 to green lines wide open, of course,
because they're busy up there protecting school teachers and Palm Beach.
That was in Deerfield and in Broward, like I said.
A bunch of bull crap going on here every day and you people accept it.
Just like I said, they keep spoon feeding you all this crap
and you believe that this is the way the whole world operates and you buy into it.
Man, they'll, you'll buy any crap they pedal you.
Just like Howard Biel said, you'll, you know what he said?
We'll tell you any shot you want to hear.
That was the line. I'm not reaching. I'm stretching. I'm grabbing.
We'll tell you any crap you want to hear and that's exactly what it is, baby.
And you'll lick it and you'll laugh it and you'll buy it up and you'll eat it and digest it and, and beg for more.
W-Y-O-D.
Now I'm going to hang up. I'm in Boington.
What is it?
I had to hang up earlier. I'm in Boington.
Oh, that's okay. You're on right now. I picked up cold because Georgia's...
Oh, hey, Neil, I about to scrap about the lady that got beat up in Lauderdale.
Yes?
Because it was my grandmother that wouldn't be a trial for that stuff.
There you go.
See ya.
Okay. Excellent call. Short right to the point. That's the way I like him.
Okay. I don't believe in vigilante justice, but lately since there is no justice,
people are going to have to be forced to start doing their own justice, David.
That's what I'm telling you. Right now, man, I'm getting sick and tired of this crap.
This cracked in. See the whole way that this country deals with a drug problem.
How come when you go to like most of these other countries, they don't have this problem?
Of people killing everybody else to support their goddamn crack habit?
That's like Oprah said, everybody's got a big crack problem.
That's the problem in this country today.
And if there's anybody out there that wants to defend any form of cocaine to me, man,
you better be whistle and dixie. I hope they take that.
What they ought to do is start. You talk about dropping a bomb.
I just got the answer for the whole problem.
Even though we probably have to move because the fall ought to be too close.
How about each bomb's on Columbia sounds good.
Oh, right.
We got a whole country, the whole economy down area revolves around goddamn drugs.
They got a big crack problem in Columbia, baby.
I say drop nuclear weapons on Columbia tomorrow.
By Thursday, there'll be no more drug problem.
The Medine cartel, my freaking ass, okay?
Take your coke and stick it.
All these damn pseudo intellectuals, all these anticorps, all those assholes.
See, the problem with all you people that admire and get all psychotic and goosey about these tabloids and the tabloids TV shows
and about all these celebrities, even your own pathetic little life is probably a thousand times better than most of their lives, okay?
And you're too stupid to understand that because every one of them is effed up on drugs and every kind of crap.
How about this schmuck and they're making a big deal out of this British, out of this Hugh Grant guy?
Who gives a flying crap? Is that a story?
That's a bulletin that people in Hollywood are out corousing and screwing everything that moves like that.
That's something new. What a concept.
All it is is another guy then they turn it into a publicity stunt.
They're just milking it for everything they can get if you pardon that expression.
Just milking it dry.
Oh, that's an unusual concept. People out in Hollywood are flandering and do a corousing and crappin' around.
But oh man, we gotta admire these people because somehow they're gonna put a name on a thing out there in Hollywood, the Boulevard.
And it's gonna be a big song in a dance, right? Who gives a crap? Who gives a flying crap for 90% of those people? They all suck.
Who would you rather be for crying out loud? You'd rather be like any of those people.
Johnny Depp or would you rather be Steve Ziggler? I rest my case, okay?
Very simple, uncomplicated life, big bald spot.
Lots of food, a big puppet in case we have a famine, can live for years on that stomach.
What?
I saw the program last night.
Oh, he saw that show last night. You're the other one. This is the eighth guy.
Yeah, now what is that supposed to mean thumbs down? Hot shot.
Very poor production.
Oh, that's a bullet. Like blame me for that, very bad. What do you think I went on there for?
Because this poor guy is practically begging me and tears.
And tears, poor production. They got four guys falling all over each other.
It's the only show I've ever been on where the host of the show had a comment on the cameraman falling into each other in the middle of the show on the year.
Do you see that?
And bribe the audience with a hundred dollar bill.
Exactly. Is there anybody out there? Seriously, as soon as they started with that, if any, I'm surprised they can give away ten grand.
If there's anybody watching, come down here. We'll wait. We'll stay on till midnight.
Okay, just if we can find one who's watching this show, come down here. We'll give you a million dollars in cash.
We'll give you a TCI cable. We'll sign over to God damn lease on the building.
Oh my God. See that coast of show. I have no shame. I'll go on any shot.
Schlock show to help a friend. At least he used to be a friend the last night.
Here's the Hollywood. Hello.
Morning, sir. Yes, sir.
How are you? Okay.
I think that when you're on OJ this morning, the whole trial has shifted now.
It seems that now they're only looking for one juror for that doubt. You know that beyond a reasonable doubt.
And once they get them, that's it.
When do they want to get them? Like they don't already have several?
Well, they've got several.
They're making it into a racial thing. They've got like eight black people on a jury.
They're making it into a strictly a racial thing now. And we got a guy who says nigger a lot.
So what do you think they're going to think about that?
Right, but is that the only thing that's the whole point now?
That is the whole point because they're desperate. They have nothing else.
Yeah, absolutely.
So now we're going to turn it into a big divisive racial thing again.
Here we got a cop who's a racist as if that's unusual.
And therefore he must have been in collusion with all these other guys.
And they were brilliant to conspirators, even though they were crappy on collecting the evidence.
And everything is contaminated.
But they were brilliant on creating this conspiracy and the planting all this evidence.
And so while they didn't know, Jay walked and it dragged off for another six months.
And that son of a bit. No, it's not. He'll walk.
Not without before six months.
What do we not be forced to take another six months of this crap?
By the time they get the tape in and by the time they're going to end up next week.
You think?
Oh, geez, Neil, you're going on a limb.
They were saying they're going to end up this week.
So now they got the tapes coming in. They'll end up next week, maybe the week after it's later.
Another couple of weeks and we'll finally get to this thing over with.
Beautiful, beautiful. Listen.
And millions of Americans will discover they have no life.
And they got sucked in for a year and a half.
Yep. The other thing I was listening the other day,
it was tuning in. I heard Hank and Hank doesn't have many good points.
Usually, but he had a good one there. He was talking about when the arena was built.
When the city commissioner and then the mayor got this arena built,
they were saying that there was $20 million with all they needed to make it a full big time arena.
Hey, stupid. Yeah.
Chose not to go that route. Right.
Okay. Now look what it's costing.
And you know, the first of all, let me tell you this.
This town, everything that goes on is a big, big fight, a big squabble.
Everybody including that Jackass Maurice for a, oh, it's got to be in the city of Miami.
It's got to be here. And like I said, on DFO show last night, if it weren't for Joe Robbie,
selling out the money for that stadium, even though they lost their ass.
If it weren't for that, there would be no marlins.
There would be no panthers. There would be no heat because they never would have gotten any franchises
because if this was that much of a bush league town.
And we certainly the dolphins by now, if they still were playing in a toilet ornge bull,
Robbie would have moved that franchise while he was still alive.
He was on the verge of doing it when they were going through the fight over the stadium.
Right. Now if he had worn for Joe Robbie, there wouldn't be any major league sports in this town.
There would be nothing for Wayne to buy.
Exactly. Now he's given us the threat. That was what, 60 days ago.
Yeah. Okay. Now we got 30 to go because he said it'd be 90 days.
Right. Okay. So what's going to happen?
Nobody's making a move here.
No, they're making a move. They're all telling us to stuff it.
That's what they're telling.
Palm Beach told him to stuff it. And before that city of Miami told him to stuff it.
And in the beginning, Broward told him to stuff it. So Wayne's stuff it, baby.
Exactly.
As much as I love hockey, man, I'm not going to let some billionaire hold it over my head.
Like we're going to be blackmailed to go out and have some entertainment to see something exciting.
No.
Screw him.
No, when there's that light available.
We got two billionaires out there. We got Mickey Aracin and we got Wayne Heizanga,
the two of the richest men on the face of the earth.
And they're telling the taxpayers it's a bad deal.
So instead of making them pay for it, we should pay for it.
Brilliant thinking, baby. The best PR in the history of the world.
Yep. Great deal.
Okay, thanks. So much to you.
See you.
Bye, bye.
The best PR only, they left the Ick off of it.
We have an open line in the Broward.
Five, two, four. I'm serious.
And people in this town are fed up, baby.
I don't care. We got a few butt plugs out there that show up drunk at the guy damn pre-game
at the stupid party out there before the ball game.
The damn. And let me say it again. What kind of people go to tailgate parties at football games?
I rest my case.
Keep drunk trailer park trash. Basically, that's who goes to tailgate parties.
Don't see no Jews out there with those. They're damn right. We won't be showing up at those things.
You don't see no brothers out there at a tailgate party.
That's because they can't afford to get in.
Yeah, how many black people do you see in the crowd at your lobby stadium?
How many black people can afford those tickets for crying out loud?
How many family people can afford to take their kids to a goddamn ball game anymore?
Forget about whether they're white, yellow, black, Chinese, whatever the LAR.
Who the hell can afford it anymore?
And they got the balls. They're charging for an autograph for the wonder now.
The NBA, well, we may not have no season.
And we must have the hockey season.
And baseball shot themselves in the foot and in the ass. Too bad.
Too bad. Take your jocks, drafts, and stuff more to Mondo and shine.
See what they don't understand is there are more important things in the world than sports.
And I say that as a lover of sports. I love it. I love it. I love it.
Especially J.T. Snow on the Angels. I love them. But I'm telling you right now, man.
Haven't been to one Marlon game this year. Ask me if I miss it.
Ask me if my life is somehow deficient because I haven't seen the goddamn Marlon's.
Is it? No. I'm doing just fine.
I'm not going to one dolphin game this year, even in the England game,
because I'll be out of town at weekend. Am I going to miss it? Will my life be lacking?
I don't think so. I can see football up the ass.
Right? I'm one. I'm both of my saddle like this. How do you like that?
I got footballs coming out of every hole in that TV set.
So there you go.
But if you want to keep subsidizing, like I said, if you want to be a fool,
like those of you keep going to those Marlon games, I don't know what they're thinking about.
I don't know what the hell you are thinking about.
Oh, yeah, they had an eight game winning streak. Well, whoopie.
Maybe there's a real commitment there to this community. Make no mistake about that.
And if he keeps losing his 12 and 15 million year with that franchise,
you mark my words next spring and next summer. He's going to be back with the same threatening words about a few people don't start showing up.
I'm selling a franchise to Geneva, New York and they'll be the Geneva Marlins.
And you can stick away to Mondo and shine it by the way. It's $10 on a video.
You're supposed to bring back and you better rewind it.
You miserable grave robbing piece of Drek. That's what he is.
Dictators, fall these rich people like Ross Perot and George Steinbredder and Wayne Hypingham.
I say, basically, you chop them off at the head and they all stink the same.
Whatever the hell that means.
All got that same imperious condescending attitude toward the rest of the human race.
We got the big bucks. You're a bunch of peons and you'll do whatever the hell we want.
Well, guess what Wayne? That's what everybody's telling him. He's not used to it.
Oh, gee, they wrote a bad thing in the paper about me. I'm pissed off. Too bad.
The truth hurts, Baldi.
16, W-I-O-D. Attention, all politicians. We know what's right and you don't.
Hi, this is Randy West and they don't come any better than me nor Neil Rogers.
Are you?
I'm just in Texas with an Hyping town in England.
You grandson actor who comes from the UK.
Charming in pleasant in a quite friendly way.
A sense of humor to make someone chuckle.
I so blue they cause women's knees to buckle.
He was caught by cops in Hollywood.
They say that he was up to no good.
Just lick him.
Get a hooker and get a b**** job.
In the backseat, he went down on his b****.
Stop broke it up. They saw her hands bob when you got a hooker and got a b**** job.
English don't have sex. They drink too much tea.
Unless you're part of the royal family.
But you grandson not like that. He's no regal snob.
So he got a hooker. He got a b**** job.
Get a hooker and get a b**** job.
In the backseat, he went down on his b****.
Stop broke it up. They saw her hands bob when you got a hooker and got a b**** job.
He got a b**** job.
Yeah, you got a b**** job.
He's off the call.
I mean, after a one-tissence job anyway, he's like a doorknob.
Don't back into one.
Love him 40 at WIOD.
This business with his censorship crap.
We have to start picking and choosing ourselves.
If we allow some drunk on a floor in there with a bottle of grandma,
we're not going to be able to say crap.
We won't be able to say trouser perch on here anymore pretty soon.
In fact, that's what he ought to do is basically I think perch.
Here's West Palm on a purple line.
Hello.
I'm not so sure if that's good or bad.
I like to call Brian and find out if you're going in the right direction.
Good thing. I was up at F.A. He's going to school.
But I'm done now. I called before.
I started to bring my kitten.
She just ran out of the back of my truck. I'm strapping on my rollerblades.
But first of all, pound a flesh to you.
So I caught the merchant of Venice.
Second of all, I called you from class in this black guy called back and called me a cracker.
Yeah.
What you were on here on this show already today?
Yeah.
Oh, get out of here. We have an open line on the purple line.
Pound out there. I thought he was talking about Rick and Spud.
He was on this show already today.
And now we're going to have pointless counter-point list.
This is that was the guy from Michigan, right?
That was the red neck who denied that there were any red necks in Michigan.
I mean, what are you talking about?
Michigan trailer park trash up the yes.
I would say the only people who are with it in Michigan.
There's like a few in Kalamazoo.
That's a pretty decent town.
But a lot of farmers and Detroit, of course,
there's like a lot of us, sophisticated hot shots.
And where else? That's it.
That's it. And Lansing, of course, geez, don't say that.
And Ann Arbor, of course, we know they're all a bunch of drugies.
So, well, you forget about that.
Ann Arbor, you checked out.
I rest my case. Just take a look at him, man.
Yeah, Lansing, I would say that Lansing is the bastion of dope
and booze and intellect in the state of Michigan.
And then, like I said, there's a few in left in Detroit,
a few white people who hung around.
And then, of course, we've got some very intelligent black people
who were smart enough to drive everybody else out
and live them pretty good.
And then, of course, there's the other class of people
who are living like in total poverty in the chaos.
So, that's just another American city for you there, man.
That's what it's all about. It's a real piece of dreck.
So, anyway, the other guy called him a cracker
and he was calling people nigger.
And, you know, let's just sit around call each other names all day.
My point being, the only reason I brought this up
is because this Mark Ferman thing is going to now take over
to the OJ case left off.
You got a whole new case now because we got a white guy
who said nigger several times.
Whoopie, what a concept. Wow, I can't believe it.
I just peen in my pants. I can hardly believe that it's true.
That a white person never used the word nigger
who's in law enforcement.
Because we know, for sure, that people in law enforcement
are never prejudiced against gays or blacks or kids
with long hair or anybody else, okay?
Whoever they don't like, that's why they were in the badge
and they got the gun.
And I've got to tell you assholes.
Another thing, especially when they remind me, sure,
is all my good friends who are sitting there with their damn radar guns.
I'm embarrassed for you guys.
I'm embarrassed for you guys sitting on Northwest 2nd Avenue every day
right about where Howard Johnson's used to be, but it's now something else.
You know what I'm talking about?
Sitting with your radar gun pointing down a street
with that imperious look on your post.
You want to be ashamed of yourself when you go home at night.
People are getting slaughtered all over the damn place.
Old ladies are getting beaten and murdered for crack money in his town.
And you're sitting there under a tree with a radar gun,
worrying about who's going 45 and a 35.
You stupid piece of crap.
I'm ashamed of this country man, your idea,
and the public sits back and accept this like this is acceptable law enforcement.
Like we have the luxury of all the spare officers out there.
You know what happened in New York by the way?
Even before this Nazi came in as the mayor by the way.
They increased the number of police officers dramatically.
And guess what?
The number of murders is weighed down.
The number of rapes is weighed down.
There's a lot of neighborhoods where the people almost feel safe,
which in that city is a miracle.
What a concept.
Because there's cops on the street all over the goddamn place.
And like when you go to Rome, guess what you see all over the place?
The La Polizia and the Carbonary.
And every other guy got more kinds of police than you can shake us.
Then they got kinds of cheese over there.
And they're all over the damn place on the streets.
And when you see him, you're real happy.
You know, I don't know why?
Because you know, they ain't going to be no problem.
Even the gypsies are gone.
As Luke Christie said, the gypsy cried when he saw the police on the street.
And that's the way that's right.
They're out there as your friend.
They're out there doing their stuff.
They're not sitting somewhere with some stupid radar gun.
That's because they're too backward to have those yet.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes.
Okay, well, you guys, you get better every day.
I'm getting full of it today, man.
I'm whipped up.
It was that D-fo last night that stupid show on that TCI last night that gave me the courage to come on here and open up a push.
I lit down Brazil for 10 years.
Oh, talk about crime.
When you were all, let me give you another shot.
Let me tell you where I lit.
I lit down a South of the country, which is totally different.
Yeah.
And it's a lot of you.
You're coming up real or so parallel.
Listen to the most dangerous places on a limo driver last night.
I was telling me about real.
He said the most dangerous place on the face of the earth.
Let me tell you one thing.
When I was there seven years ago, it was paradise.
Yeah, not anymore.
I'm not in a pyramid where I go.
I'm sure you can find problems everywhere down there.
But I won't just tell you that.
They had soldiers on the street.
Right.
They have the military base in every city.
They do in Rome too.
And they bring the trucks out.
The guys sit on the truck at night.
They come out and they walk along the hill.
They have military guys with their uzzies on their shoulder in Rome just standing there at the top of a different building.
Not bothering anybody.
Just waiting for somebody to screw around, man.
And you don't have all the citizens running around there with guns in their goddamn pockets.
They're screaming about rights have guns.
You're right here.
The only people that need guns in this country are criminals, baby.
I'll tell you that right now.
Criminals and gun nuts, which is generally the same.
Right.
And parents who want to have guns around a house so their little kids can find them and they shoot each other with it.
Right, exactly.
A bunch of irresponsible.
I say every parent whose kid does something gross with a gun, that parent should go to the electric chair this week.
I'll go and pull the goddamn swish.
Yeah.
Everything you look at, here we are, we ain't for better.
Just go to form and we're just one minute.
Go to form and ferment.
Firm and ferment.
Firm and set.
Firm and?
It's the police guy.
Yeah, he's a piece of crap, yeah.
Whatever he is, whatever he is, he said no.
The reason he said no.
Can you imagine what a PanDaris box is going to open when he does say yes?
Of course.
He'll never start the whole town with shift completely away from all these other places.
That's what I just got through saying.
We got a new trial now.
We got to hold a trial on racism again in LA.
What a concept.
What is that?
Which isn't that bad?
That's what they've been trying to do right from the beginning.
If you stop and think of it.
It is that bad.
We got a guy that killed two people in cold blood here.
He ought to have his ass in an electric chair and what they're worried about is whether people are racists or not.
Well, it isn't bad.
Listen, if he alive in trial, he's in jail.
Yeah.
And the trial goes on and he knows he can stay there forever.
He'd make a good jail for him.
And the tank pairs the California or PanDaris for everything.
But the trial is bad.
It expands.
If it just keeps everybody busy about that, we can keep our friends.
I say fries, asses, and pick up constants on the chair first.
Let him sit on constant slap and I'll see him in Brazil not.
We have an open line indeed.
751, 1 on a purple cellular one line, pound IOD.
We're going to come up with a solution to all the problems of mankind today by two o'clock or else.
I'll tell you that right now.
How do you like that?
We're not going to sit back and accept this crap.
We're going to change the whole goddamn human race right here on this one little radio station.
And God, what a waste of time it is for me coming in here.
And this two bit nickel and dime operation every day when I should be on coast to coast on millions or radio stations.
I should be on there pontificating with a goddamn pontiff and telling him a thing or two about what it is to be a snappy dresser.
That's the obvious question of the day.
Who's the sloppyer dresser, the Pope or me?
That's the question.
And if you saw me on that show on whatever that thing was last night, I guess I still got a beat, huh?
He does have a nice skull cap.
And he stole that from the Jews too.
How do you like that?
610 WIOD, making more than just your radio vibrates.
Bigger than vibrating, baby.
Andy Calba has been declared the King of Plop.
It's 1152 at WIOD.
We've got two open lines on a green lines.
Air 1-800-944-9463.
Here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I heard this comment since there's got to clear the air.
But there's this nigga thing.
I mean, there's white niggers and black niggers.
I mean, that one out 20 years ago was bell bottoms.
And you got like F-B-Bale and National TV making it and things stirring things up.
Right.
I mean, come on, let's be honest.
Yeah, but what else did they got?
Don't you understand?
They've got an almost all black jury.
They've got a city where race is like the number one issue all the time.
Where everybody's all inflamed and thinking about Rodney King and all the other crap that's gone down there.
And that's the game.
That's the ace of spades at their plane if you put that expression.
Yeah, if you're putting these sports with black people, every time that you're around them, they'll call each other that.
I mean, there's no thing.
It's just like when the people associated with race, that's the problem.
You have to stupider up to do that.
Like the color that he says he uses the word every day.
Well, there's a white nigger.
There's a perfect example.
Let's see, the problem was the guy lied in the first place.
Okay.
If he would have done it cleverly, if he would have said, yes, well, I have used the word.
Unfortunately, it's one of those things and we encounter a lot of trash out there on the streets, both black and white.
And we, you know, in a moment of emotion, you might have sand things.
And, you know, if he would have just passed himself off as being a human being instead of some kind of a holier than now,
who never uses words like that, now he's dug himself a deep hole and they're going to just stick it to him.
You watch.
It's only a word.
It means nothing.
I know it.
It means nothing.
Right.
Okay, pal.
Huh?
What do you say?
What's the guy saying?
Open line of power.
524, we have an open line in the green lines.
1-800-944-9463.
So once again, we have more of a smoke screen, more of a cloud hanging over there.
See now he's using words like cloud.
More racey, they must mean something by that.
Cloud, darky, smoky.
We know what he's talking about.
No, you don't.
I'm just saying it's a...
Well, what word can't I say smoke screen?
That's like, come up with something on that.
Huh?
What if I say that this throws a dark, now I can't say dark.
Well, what am I going to say about it?
Okay?
I guess obfuscating.
Most people don't know what that means anyway.
They're covering up the truth.
They're putting a bunch of dirt on top of it and trying to create something that don't exist.
To get the jury looking in other directions.
And of course, this jury man, I didn't going to take much.
Yeah, we got the footprints and we got the blood and we got the this.
And we got the DNA and the RPA and the Ebola and we got everything else.
But hey, he didn't do it.
And we got the limo driver.
We got the one minute to Bronco wasn't there.
And then it was there and all this other crap.
But hey, he didn't do it because we got to race his cop here and it's all a setup.
And we know black guys are always being set up by white folks by the establishment.
Even though of course the two of victims were white and he married a white woman.
But that's, you know, you're nitpicking.
Say nitpicking.
Now he's talking about his hair again.
Oh, geez.
Here's, you just can't win.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Colonel.
I'm calling you about the diet plan that you have.
About the what?
The diet plan.
Diet plan.
Yes.
Remember one day you were brought in about how your blood pressure went down and...
Yes, it has.
Yes.
Come on.
Yes, it has gone down.
Uh-huh.
And...
I would like to have the place where you can go to or who to go to for what?
For the diet plan that you have.
How about the bookstore?
Go buy the book.
Oh, the inside the book?
It's a book.
Oh, okay.
Let me have the notebook, please.
Dr. Atkins.
Are you writing this down?
Because I'm only going to give it once the rest of the year.
Okay.
Dr. Atkins' new diet revolution by Dr. Robert Atkins.
It's a paperback book.
Every bookstore should have it by now.
Okay, Dr. Robert Atkins.
Robert Atkins.
Uh-huh.
He's Jewish.
Uh-huh.
And fat.
Go get it, pal.
Okay.
Yeah, that's nice.
Not fat.
He's just a little...
Well, you know, he could use to lose 20 pounds.
I'll be honest.
So I'm not going to go into that diet thing again.
Other to say that in a lot of you, you know, I'm not listening to anybody.
I got right back on it yesterday.
I had my steaks in the afternoon.
I had a little bit of salad.
I lost a couple of pounds back on a scale that I'd gained over the weekend by going off
the deep end just a little bit.
And my piquito stick is nice in the medium purple.
Not the real dark, nice and medium.
Just in a couple of days.
I got right back on it.
And my sugar was nice and low again.
My pressure.
I'm throwing away most of my medication.
And my doctor called me at home yesterday.
Bug off, doc.
Okay.
And all you mean, well, just leave me alone.
I'll be all right.
Don't bug me, fatso.
He's got a lot more weight to lose than I do.
We have an open line.
How do you like that?
My doctor is fat or an I am.
Is that embarrassing or what?
He's a good guy, but he's fat.
And you know what they say about the good people are the fat people and the fat.
Oh, sorry, George.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I'm still in diet after 200 years.
I'm a vampire.
Yeah.
Okay. Bite this.
Open line in a day.
Yeah, exactly.
And this guy is every day.
Every day.
This is the say 800th call from the same jackass.
Is that a guy?
What?
What?
Wasn't that the bank guy before?
Oh, that's a guy from the bank.
Like maybe he's the manager.
Oh, I don't know.
Bookkeeping.
Yeah, bookkeeping my ass.
We have an open line in day.
751, 2, 1 under blue line and 200 green line.
In other words, we got like about four or five open lines on there right now.
And that's not possible based on the incredible, the astonishing developments on this show today,
which I'm not sure what they are.
By the way, Phil Henry was at the dentist yesterday.
He had a little root canal.
Just a little one, a baby root canal.
And I don't know if he's going to be back today or not, but hey, listen, those top 85,000 calls of all time.
Nothing wrong with that, right?
Are you sure I liked it?
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Sorry, I have to follow that guy with the vampire.
Oh, this guy.
Every day this jackass is on the phone.
Every thinking day is an imbecile, man, with his cornball crap.
Well, listen, I'm calling to thank you for the pleasure you've given me in the last 18 months,
but I'm getting out of here.
Where are you going?
Are you sitting down?
I'm sitting tight.
Utica, New York.
Oh, well, they got a lot of good, a Utica club beer up there.
Yeah, that's about all they're known for is you see.
You got it, baby.
And I have two shameless requests.
I've heard you're picking good timing to when you leave it in about a couple of months when the first snow starts hitting.
No, I'm going to wait about two or three more weeks.
No, well, you might still get a little sunshine.
Yeah.
Can I get a shameless request from you?
Yes.
I'm taping you so I can bring you up there and spread the joy.
Spread it, yeah?
Yeah, it's a sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
No problem.
And maybe a little bowel move by the end of the day today?
Well, my tour is a little good.
I might work on it.
All right.
Okay, bro.
Thanks, everyone.
Listen, don't steal a two-faced up there in Del Rey.
I'm turning that right now, man.
Especially in Alburton's, which I don't want to mention the store by name, but I just did.
I just took their card or the mall.
She drives my tour again.
She's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with a no way.
I said I'd need it and later today.
Boy, just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollipaster to take me away.
Boy, I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my friend, kind.
Looks like it's time to check my change.
Custom bus fare don't always stay the same.
All that gonna do with Yena tells me to do.
The private hurlapes, she must be insane.
Just sitting here resting my bones.
I wonder why my wife won't leave me alone.
We've talked it over, but I never went.
I just wind up slipping through the mall again.
Boy, so I sit on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollipaster to take me away.
Boy, I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my friend, kind.
And there he is.
It's about time I've been waiting on the empty of Yena's bench with a hell of a view.
Hey, hey, where are you going?
Come and do some fun.
You're listening, and we're getting paid.
610 WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Hung up on something or other, good afternoon at 12 o'clock.
This is Jennifer Rem.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Brought to you by NFT.
As the strike deadline nears for the communication workers of America,
its union hopes to show Southern Bell they're ready for a fight.
WIOD's Trish Anderson reports many locals are standing by their side.
