W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-K-S.
Use talk at entertainment radio 610, W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 W-I-O-D in date.
524 W-I-O-D in Brown.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
1-800-944 W-I-O-D.
And say you know one customer can call pound I-O-D at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio 610, W-I-O-D.
Hackwood can't keep his packer in his pants.
The doctor says I'm sick and I won't last long, but the beast I survived till the end of the song gets seen.
Oh, you jackass!
OK, 10-06, oh look at that, it worked!
What the hell happened, it worked in there?
It's a keyboard thing, can I say?
Oh, it's a keyboard thing.
Well, let's take this one.
You can get another one of Crescus for about 15 bucks to replace this piece of direct we got in the year.
But hey, it's good that we got all the corporate hot shots in town.
Thank you so much, sparing no expense to provide us with the very best direct that nobody else.
Would it get this at the flea market?
Man, oh man, there's five-year-old kids all over America that got better computers than we got.
So it's all set now, it works.
I can't switch keyboards until you want to break because I got to reset it.
Oh, I don't care about that, but is this going to come back up in here or what?
What's the deal now?
Oh yeah.
Well, why do we have to switch it?
Why don't you wait till 2 o'clock?
Because what's his name is on tape?
What's his name?
So anyway, happy Thursday, too.
Here we are, by the way, how am I going to get paid today?
We had nobody decide to check.
So they all out there at that listening meeting?
Or is that over now?
Is that just for the morning show to get them all psychotic and nervous?
And start spreading those ugly rumors about Ron and Ron?
I'll tell you this is some outfit.
First of all, let me just say this.
Craig Barnes and Dave Joseph at the Sunsendle.
Thank you for the nice coverage about my dear friend, Alan Finkelson, in a paper this morning.
The only thing I do want to say is that for 20 years, this great man came to this town.
I never forget.
I first met Alan 1976.
I was at WKAT.
We both came here about the same time.
And he said to me, you just wait.
He says, I'm going to bring this media in this town.
I know they don't care about harness racing.
They give us no coverage.
They couldn't give a flying crap about Pompadopark.
You watch, I'm going to bring these people around.
20 years later, as they're getting ready to bury my friend this afternoon.
And nothing.
Other than Dave Joseph, I'd say he's the only person in the media in this town except yours truly,
who has given any coverage of any kind.
I'll remember a couple of years ago when we had the breeders crown last time at Pompadopark.
And Bernie Rosen had to call, thanks to Alan screaming and carrying on,
had to call up the Jackass Segredo, the UM Jackass.
You can't help the Speltoni Segredo without UM, by the way.
Had to call him up on the night of the breeders crown and say, you know, how come you don't have anything on the air?
And so, you know, it's just pathetic.
So, Tony Segredo, I want to say people like you help to put my friend in the ground.
I just wanted to say that right now.
But anyway, thanks Dave Joseph for at least being one guy who cared enough to write the very best.
Also, really great news is you're going to do that diet again today.
You bet your sweet ass I am.
I had gained, I didn't want to admit it, but I gained about four or five pounds when I was on vacation there.
Those last three or four uncontrollable days.
And why not? I was on vacation, have it a good time.
So, here it is. I've been back like Monday through Wednesday as three full days.
I lost back the weight plus an extra pound. I'm up to 15 now.
Blood sugar is 60 this morning. I'm feeling great.
And it's just it's it's miraculous.
So, you can go off. I don't suggest that you go off of it because then it takes you about a couple of days to get back in ketosis again and get that thing working.
But man, did I eat yesterday?
We had steak in here. We had filet mignon and New York strip and jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon for lunch.
And then for dinner, I went home on the grill on the gas grill and made two gigantic cheeseburgers
with no bun, of course. And plenty of yarlsburg cheese with no carbs.
Get on the scale this morning and it was fantastic. It was great.
What a feeling of accomplishment. And plus my pants are falling off on the floor.
So, that's the one piece of good news. Also, I'm still curious. Maybe somebody can explain to me the thing.
I just I'm missing something. I pick up the paper this morning.
I look at my sports section, which of course is the only part that anybody should really read.
Lions blades hurt. Fit a frustration cited. What the hell was that?
I'm so mad at both of you guys.
Detroit Lions safety. Benny blades underwent surgery on his right hand Wednesday for an injury his coach said he sustained in frustration
upon learning of the shooting death of his cousin.
Are you seeing all the similarity? Is this like a copycat deal now?
The surgery went as expected. Head trainer Kent Falbs said we'll be able to better determine his prognosis after a while.
Blade slammed his fist against an object after after learning that his cousin.
I mean, what is this? It's like the same old neurotic repetition, same crap all over again.
He's got a big cut on his hand. Oh, man. Yeah.
He slammed his fist against an object after learning that his cousin Charles blades have been shot to death July 5 at the plantation home of Seattle Seahawks receiver Brian blades.
Benny's brother. He said it happened in frustration. Oh, man.
Said Lions coach Wayne fat fonts or fat Wayne fonts.
The Lions open training camp next Wednesday. Benny blades hand was treated in the Lions training room at the party ex Silver Dome.
He left without comment. Benny blades lives in a condominium near his brothers.
He was not present at the shooting police have said he might not be available to the Trent's final exhibition this game August 25 in New Orleans.
And it just and then of course we have this story about and Drew Rosenhouse holds another press conference yesterday and a plantation police.
They don't trust them. They're going to twist it all around. That's why we don't want our man going in there and being questioned.
I don't get it. Do you have a choice? In other words, if the police come to your house and they say, okay, Mr Schwartz, I want to take you downtown for you know, we want to do a little questioning.
Okay, we're not placing you under arrest. We don't have to read you your rights. We just did. If you want to have your lawyer present, that's fine.
But we would like to bring it down, especially somebody that was in the room alone and the shots went off and there's all these unanswered questions.
And neighbors said that they heard yelling and carrying on and all kinds of goings on in here. And we just want to ask you a couple of questions.
Oh, man. Exactly. What? Now, don't feel like it. Don't don't be feeling like it. Don't ask me no questions and I'll tell you no lies.
I mean, what is that? So maybe somebody can explain it to me because I just don't get it. I think the guy who called yesterday had a good point, but I don't want to say which one.
I think he had an excellent point. He said it's kind of I don't want to say because then we'll get in the all kind of promise.
I'm not a boat. You guys. I know. So why even start? All right. So we'll see where we go here today because they're in town. All the big hot shots. I'm going to a lot of pressure. We really, you know, because I know that when I sit down here at 10 o'clock every morning, I'm thinking, God, I sure hope I do a show that pleases Bob Neil, Bob Green and Steve Dickel today.
Because otherwise, I'm just, you know, somehow I'll feel guilty when I take that goddamn paycheck on Thursday and by the way, where is it George 12 minutes past 10 at W. I do we got food coming today from John's. Smith subs, right?
That get it right. All right. And you know, a little meat, little cheese, something like that. God, this thing is great. I don't want to get started on again, but I will. This atkins thing is great.
And you feel great. You get up and you prick your finger in a morning and you look at that blood sugar and it's 58 60 nice and low down there. And you come in. You got all kinds of energy. You feel like you're full of vinegar and douche. This is the way to live, baby. Take those carbs and shove them 10 13 at W I O D.
16 W I O D. Black Johnny, Bobby and O J. We're pointing fingers and open for the best. I killed Nicole. This summer free willy returns and you can find them exclusively at McDougall. Hey, kid, do you want a free willy fun meal?
Sure. Do I get a toy? Boy, hell, you get willy. Hey, Cookie, we need some more willy. One McWillie coming right up.
Yes, it's a killer well of a deal. Introducing the free willy fun meal new from McDougall.
Okay, so I got my check already. So I guess it's time to get to all out of here. Thank you so much. Now we got the board ops giving us our paychecks. That's good. Is Wayne like going downstairs, writing a few checks? That should be me. You dropped it off up here and I didn't feel like schlepping.
Miami. Yes, sir. I had to call you. You got to hear this story. It is in the Harold in the regional section. Yes, on the front page, the regional section. There's a guy who is driving a food truck to the middle market on eight street.
And he stopped and somebody jumped in the truck and started stealing food. Yeah, back and said, hey, what the hell are you doing? The guy clocks him on the head with a can of black beans. And then other people show up and this guy refuses to leave after trying to rob this guy.
The police come. Then he takes his clothes off, gets in the truck and hides behind the cans of beans. Have to be removed by a swap team.
Yeah, I had to call him. Tell you that that's the kind of police work that we specialize in here, man. Probably asked you a more heavy bean. Well, the woman last year, but we got up on the side naked instead. I'm not coming down for you. Give me crack. Right.
You got to love it down here. She had a big crack problem like Oprah. Right. Exactly. Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news. Say hi to Brian Blades for me.
Okay, yeah, I'm still waiting here. Now we tried this yesterday for four hours. We got a lot of smart ass people in here, but I'm this is a very serious thing, man. This is like a major, major local story. And I guess we're just going to let it kind of slide by guy gets shot.
That two bullets, not one, two for the price of one. Nobody can explain to us how it happened. Nobody's going to describe exactly what happened. And nobody's talking to the police and drew Rouse in the house who was just absolutely reviled by everyone, even just hearing the name, even if they don't know him. And if they do know them, they really despise him like poison.
And he's popping off a big mouth every five seconds. And while we don't trust the plantation police, well, listen, who the hell does, but what the hell is that got to do with it?
We got a whole new deal in American. I mean, jocks go out and especially football players, what about baseball players? They get nailed. Okay, drugs, anything, even minor stuff, few coke deals, they get their ass nailed, but football players can't murder anybody. Is that the dealer what? Here's Broward.
Neil, I had a not a car accident, but I had a misfortune driving through Palm Beach County. And I saw a sign promoting a station I never heard of with Don I miss.
Yeah, it's a dick Farco and Gary Daniels. Yeah, I thought dick Farco was dead and buried. Yeah, I'm what about Don I miss. He's also dead.
I guess they're worse than the life of recycling old washed up talents. Well, that's Palm Beach for you. That's where Palm Beach County specializes it before I go. You can't smell. You can't spell come without you.
I know you're a day behind man. You're real late. Man is real late. You know, we're not going to get started on that again. Are we? We did like two and a half hours of that yesterday. All these original people can't spell marriage. You mean without you.
Yeah, okay, 751 W I D were off to a real start this morning. Rick was full of crap when he gave me a song to dance about that little spark. I saw a little spark on a phone bank when I walked in here about 915. Broward 5249 463.
We want some answers here today. Damn it. I want some answers now. Don't forget by the way, Dr. Atkinson. I will be a book.
I have a feeling there's going to be some kind of heavy duty massive turnout there. Don't you? They have 750 copies of the book that they bring it in special. I think it is going to be vivid and massive if he acts may.
Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. We don't care about Brian Blade. They're killing putty cats and Miami beef. Exactly. That's what we care about. That's the kind of thing our great crime reporter and the Buchanan from the herald all those years.
She's worried about their killing putty cat over on the beach, but we got a guy who's just been murdered in cold blood who's dead or than a goddamn door nail.
Better than a dead cat and she ain't writing about that. Now we can butcher people but leave the cats along. Good point. See you. Thanks. Yeah. Pussy cats. They're killing on Miami Beach. Well, Edna's very as she's big into that pussy cat. She's into that.
But when it comes to people, here's one of the major bizarre unfolding right in front of your push. And nobody wants to come to grips with this because it's a guy.
They're not only a football player, but a guy that played for you. I guess if you go to you. You know, no crime is too big for anybody goes to you.
I mean, I'm not suggesting a course that he did it. Am I am I suggesting that I'm implying it. I'm suggesting that there's lots and lots of questions that the longer it goes on before this man is called in.
I have many, many questions that I would like to ask, including what the hell is wrong with the plantation police. I guess so if you're going to kill somebody plantation be a good place to do it.
Not the acres though state of hell out of my neighborhood. But plantation be hell of a good place because they're too busy down there. That goddamn you float them changing the filters in the coffee machine.
That's all they do in plantation is right traffic tickets and work on a coffee machine at that. What is that is that it's not a you totem. It's say.
What is it? It's on a corner of Broward and University right across from Broward mall and we spot circle K circle circle one circle you ranch. Now there's no Jews in there.
Anyway, it's 10 21 at W I O D at least five Toyota dealers this weekend are going to tell you that they're going to beat the price on every deal in town or they'll give you something.
I'll tell you what they'll give you is a song and a dance and a headache. I mean, Kendall Toyota will beat all these other dealers every time on every price or they'll give you nothing.
Why the hell should they have to give you a premium because see if the other dealers were given in the straight talk and the emis they wouldn't be promising and they'll give you some big deal like that.
But a Kendall Toyota all they do is give you the lowest prices in town day in day out weekend week out month and you know how it goes.
For example, a brand new 95 to sell from 89 95 nobody's going to beat that pickups from 99 95 Corolla's from 10, 995 Camry's is little as 14, 995 and only Kendall Toyota will pay everybody 2500 bucks more than your trade is listed for in this week's black book used car guide.
So you can get sucked in with those other slogans and all those stupid giveaways for a pop up toaster whatever you want.
But if you want the best deal get your ass down to Kendall Toyota on us one just south of day land on the label.
610 W I O D like most muscles the more you use us the better we get.
I killed Nicole.
I don't know who's on the radio from 10 to 2.
Lousy mouth is a baby is the truth.
I'll sign a white alarm was every day.
Best with the miracle of being gay.
The world's greatest homo is South of Sally.
Hacking baits baits pleasure in a big big way.
The world's greatest homo is South of Sally.
Hacking baits baits pleasure in a big big way.
But only.
Oh and just in case they are really having a listening party today.
Here's a message for Bob Neel and Bob Green.
I'm so mad at both of you guys.
OK 10 25 at W I O D see it said both so I couldn't include the other one in here.
Look at that phone man it's a little on the sparse side this morning isn't going to be this way we're going to have to go back to screenless like we did yesterday.
George would be very pleased with that we had a dynamite show yesterday.
It really blew here is a mobile in Miami on a broward line hello.
me yes
about your brain blaze question i think that uh...
how come people are up but how come they're all watching this oj crap and
are all been out of shape because of that little a countertops between uh...
johnny and his conquerant and christ darney as today like that was some big
deal
and we got a local
we've got a local scandal we got a possible murder on our hands here and
nobody is uh... excited about it
the other reason why i can't jump up and got got everybody's face is because
he knew his uh... his witness his witness
but it's a lot of the flam don't go to oh man
to come up with this big uh... to do about all the racial
racial that ever have a couple of the he better be happy that this
witness is about as much credibility as merry and gertius and a little
is this guy's a flake and idiot
it's a good road shake yeah and one minute well it's all well lit at that
intersection i could see it was a jeep a white jeep in fact it may have even
been a bronca now is too dark back there i could see a damn thing yeah
right about uh... back to plantation cop that they put their doing is they
want to be another circus like uh... like the joj a deal
to their get their ducks in the road so when they do good
what do you think they're ducks in a row today is the thirteen investigations
like you saw yesterday that they come out with a good neighbor's and all
you heard fighting and stuff like that right
they just want to put work so they pick up mister blazes a slam dunk
instead of uh... you know one of these are what we have to talk to them talk
about you know
and that being a mess like the joj i think they want to make sure that got
his ass cold when they get pick him up
yeah sure
have a good day okay
that i don't buy that when's the last time this happened eight days ago and
happened a week ago last night
here it's the following thursday a week at a day later and they still haven't
brought the guy in for questioning and he's it's not like he's in hiding somewhere
he's standing right out there holding press conferences with daddy rubbing
the back of his neck and everybody like him bokeh camp are coming on a year
saying oh well we know it was an accident how do you know
i don't know what it was and either were you do you unless you were there we get
some goddamn answers and somebody in the only way you get answers if somebody
comes along and acts a question
but all these jox all these uh... sports types man they are that's what's wrong
with america today right now is the jock mentality howard co-sell rest in
peace and i hope is i hope his pieces in place by the way i hope they put it they
centered before they buried his ass
but howard co-sell was right on target man the jock aqua see his destroyed this
country baby they're killing us literally and figuratively
you know i'm saying trust me here's a mobile in hope sound hello
the only accident about the shooting is that he missed the first shot
yeah that that's that's what he's all set about i mean if i had shot somebody in
my room in the middle of the night now is the only guy there they want to hold my
ass off the jail first thing your ass would be hot right now baby i'll tell you
that right now you'd be sizzling unbelievable
i can't believe they haven't even brought them in for questions i can't believe that
the public in his town is sitting back i mean this is this is
somebody saying anything and they don't give a crap it's like a big joke because
well it's kind of local guy went to piper high in the family this guy calls me
yesterday says well everybody knows these are this family was real close they
all loved each other like crazy like like that as a kid like oh j love the
cool yeah right there you go i rest my case um speaking oh j yeah the people that
they're putting on the stand up there oh my god yesterday he was he was so it looked
like he was lying so much he had a space behind his hands you know and then christian is mal
christdard and kept baiting him with this bit about you were disappointed because you weren't called
as a prosecution witness yeah and he says you don't you understand why you weren't called you
lying devious piece of crap you idiot you joke man if this is the best group of defense witnesses
they got is oj's old mother who can't turn up her miracle here loud enough to hear the
questions and this guy i'd say his ass is gonna fly by the end of the week on another radio station
i heard somebody call in and say that that that his whole family was telling the truth about
oj and everybody else was lying right yeah the whole world is out of step but your
their son is in line okay pali have a great day and enjoy that hot seat open line in day
seven five one two and broard five two four nine four six three two on a green lines one eight
hundred nine four four see this is the best the south florida people can do okay you can't spell murder
without you and you can't that one guy called started it with that scum which was great you can't
spell scum without you and that's all we needed the other ones were good though but no seriously
that's the best response they can give because the american public has been and it's like i heard
rick talking this morning about that chip that they want to put in the tv's now the v chip so that
you can block out the violent programs well guess what when you go to europe they have they love
american tv because they don't have very much of their own and then even what they do create their
own is just copies of the american quiz shows like uh... uh... prices right and all that stuff which they
do very poorly by the way but basically what they have is dubbed in foreign language all the american
tv shows the more violent you want they got it and guess what they're not running around with guns
they're not running around killing each other there's no drive by shootings like we have an
another one yesterday and the public here has been so desensitized they don't know the difference
between that's the problem television has done it they don't know the difference kids watch that
crap and they don't know the difference between fantasy and reality and what are great leaders in
washing and want to do is they want to be the babysitters okay let's just keep banning stuff
like that's going to change the mentality of the stupid people out there who can't tell the
difference between and the problem is that we have really ignorant trash people out there multiplying
i say forced sterilization immediately right that's the answer to it let's have some people with
a little bit of a brain and a little bit of class and stop stop glorifying all these goddamn jocks
how about somebody that's got a brain how about somebody like that do you have any respect for that
anymore not in america who do we respect slice the law and the more illiterate you are the more we
love you baby by the way michael's album is the sales dropped off like a rock you think that's
because they're taking out the jume kike me stuff probably here's a mobile in the lottery hello
okay that was short and sweet right to the point i think you're absolutely correct west palm beach
yeah you can't spell immunity without you out yeah had it oh you already did we had it yeah
should we start are we gonna start the list again yeah let's start it okay great thanks okay look
at we got two calls left on the board here okay this is the listing party day hope you're
listening real close to kind of goddamn town we're in all right we get a guy murdered and cold
blood big sensational story these people don't give a flying crap about anything in his town
as hank would say the surest way to kill a show is a hockey call is not what he would say
lazy slob here's west palm beach hello y'all yes sir a couple things thanks for turning me on a
doctor atkins i i was counting calories counting fat grams and going to the gym and these
must well as they're telling me to load up on carbohydrates and i saw no result there are killing
you man the peddlers of carbohydrate are the peddlers of poison four weeks on doctor atkins i'm
down from two twenty five to one ninety eight twenty seven pounds in four weeks i feel better than
i've ever felt in my life exactly thanks to you and it would forgot the brian i got a message
for brian blades hey brian two guys to one dual room of life one comes out dead and it's not you
your gun two bullets one in the dead guy neighbors here screaming and yelling brian it's the word
murder look at all man you know i'm just so sick and tired of these jocks thinking that's just
because they can hide behind their uh there's celebrity exactly behind a god damn uniform in a
jock strap yeah he's going to devote the rest of his career in his life and football to his
to his dad uh uncle or cousin aware of yeah he is because he's a ball player you know and i'm
sick of it i you know i played professional ball and i was also in broadcasting and i i love
for so much but the past ten years Neil i don't pay attention to it hardly at all you're dealing
with a bunch of degenerate deadbeats with a bunch of slime balls you know Mickey Manell whitey
Ford Billy Martin those guys used to go out and have a few pops and woman eyes you know like
everybody else in those days but those guys were class they were a great a class that compared to
these slime balls we got today and those guys 30 40 years ago they were making a tiny fraction
a minute fraction of what these jerks are making today they played because they loved it number one
right number two they didn't have the slime ball attorney's cannon behind them or in front of
them or inside of them rubbing their neck and and number three they just uh they they had a real
feel for what it was like because they knew that it would stop and it would give a kid an
autograph and would never even dream about charging somebody for an autograph any athlete that wants
to charge a kid for an autograph should be shot right on the spot no questions and it makes me
sick that's why when you've got a few people like maybe a Jeff Konaine who i really respect
there's a classy guy he's a real i think he's a throwback to the to the manel see the problem is
though with Konaine is that he's very low key don't have much of a personality so he does you know
he's very underrated because he just has no flash no flare but these other guys uh you know Mr.
Hot shot this this hot shot and that one uh they're the guys that get all the uh the attention
and one last word for Brian Brian even the plantation police are gonna figure this out eventually
don't hold your breath pal don't be too sure you're gonna have to answer some questions Brian
so forget training camp okay thank you see i wouldn't be forget training camp true rose
now says it's therapeutic he got to be playing football man he got to get that
ticskin in there i mean this is there's a guy dead how did it happen we don't know
i mean somebody must know there's two guys in a room and one of them is still alive
even a guy damn editorial in the sunset and all they blade silence breeds suspicions it says
boy an open letter to Seattle seahawks wide receiver Brian blades how dare you refuse to talk to
police and prosecutors about the july offense shooting death of your cousin charles blades at acts
your right your main silent may be technically legal but your decision to exercise that right is
irresponsible on ethical and inexcusable how do you like that says the prestigious sun sentinel
the holier than now with all those ads for those uh body massage things on a sports page
that's right says you were alone with him in the room of your plantation home on the gun went off
you the only witness what happened k pa saman anybody football hero or ordinary human being who
is present football hero or ordinary human being i give up oh just stop and let that soak in for
just a second okay football hero or ordinary human being like Albert Einstein for example who
was present at the scene of a violent death should come forward voluntarily to tell police what
he knows and not behind legal rights to arrange silent that's called being a good citizen
no one's accusing you of wrongdoing all they just want to know your version of what happened if
it was an accident as you maintain then you got nothing to fear but fear itself and that's what
f.d.r. said and look at him now and everything to gain by speaking out your silence inevitably raises
suspicions by police prosecutors family neo rogers friends and the public that you have something to
hide can you live with those suspicions and he says yes don't force prosecutors to subpoena you
and offer you immunity for testifying your silence fuels the ugly notion that there's a different
standard of justice for rich and poor celebrity and commoner what an ugly notion that is
where do they come up with an idea like there's a different set of justice for celebrities and
like the common ordinary man oh man i don't buy that maybe we can get the dream that's what we
got to do they're stalling how stupid you are you stupid old fag jewel you they got a stall till we
get the oj trial over so we can get the dream team down here that'll be great maybe we can even get
Roy black on that team too okay we can't get another black attorney at least we get a guy with
a name that's 1037 at wiod let me tell you about fast auto loans and the great service they got
waiting for you they got cash in their hand they like to put it in your hand and the money too
if you need twenty five hundred dollars cash today you need to call him at this number toll free
right now one eight hundred nine ten f a s t as in fast if you have a free and clear title on your
car you can borrow up to twenty five hundred bucks cash immediately there's small easy payments while
of course you still drive that car or that bronco whatever it might be if you have no credit even
bad credit you'll still have no problems at fast auto loans maybe you want to hit them up for 10
grand that's what oj had in the bronco anyway what you do is turn the equity in your car into
twenty five hundred dollars cash call today for instant phone approval and the cash will be in your
hands within twenty four hours no lengthy approval process or embarrassing credit checks whether it's
for an emergency for a vacation you want to go to the track and lose your ass or your bills are
passed do whatever it's for they don't care just go to fast auto loans today with your car title
and drive away with some serious cash in your hand today fast auto loans is fully licensed by
the state of florida remember the better business bureau with convenient locations both in date and
brown or calm right now instant approval fast cash in your hand from fast auto loans one eight hundred
nine ten fast one eight hundred nine ten f a s t the opinions expressed by the host guests or
callers on wi of the you're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors all wi of the
programs are copyright nineteen ninety five by w i o d incorporated no tape recordings or transcripts
may be created or distributed without prior written consent of w i o d incorporated so what do you say
George our what stinks George says because we're not big super jocks are shot stinks okay ten forty
one a w i did dead is dead baby dead be dead maybe they were at the brnie's house or brine or
bany whatever their name is i wish these families that name everybody would the same first letter
like that it makes it very confusing for all of us and now it's now which ones got the bus
at the jackie seven five one nine four six three seven five one w i o d everybody in dead is gush
fluff and baby let's do a mobile in the poppano hello morning nail yes sir can you hear me okay
i hear you great listen i got a uh... steak sauce for your day old steak seasoning sauce
i think it has less than one percent carbon hydrates in it yeah it is excellent get yourself a nice
thick london broiled do it about a half an hour before you throw it on the grill oh now wait
is this like a marinate or is it a steak sauce well it's a steak sauce but actually the marinade as
well it's excellent though absolutely it's only been in the market here a couple of weeks of
public okay what's it called the old steak seasoning sauce it's a liquid type thing it's been about
a ten ounce bottle like two ninety nine it's excellent great it's absolutely so you're meeting it
and the steak too okay great i'll start soaking it this afternoon listen one other thing
perfect yeah spike jones and drag
okay yeah but i bet spike jones never bid anybody on the lip
open line and day seven five one there's one on the green line one on the mahogany line now if you
move real quickly if you get right in there here's my me lakes on the purple line hello
no nail yes sir i don't think i broke that nail i just wanted to give you a great thanks
i started that diet last uh... wednesday i think there ought to be about four thousand people calling
me with reports on how they're doing on his guide damn diet but of course they just sit back and take
as usual they don't want to tell me how great they're doing because the board for me most of them
probably be dead well i want to give you a great pat on the back and if i could a big fat kiss
but let me lose sixteen pounds in about one week exactly oh boy yep that is incredible
i got got my got my fiance on it yeah and the diet too oh well she she's been on that for a while
and uh... my got my mom bought her to broke yesterday yeah and actually we're just having a great
time doing it uh we know it's we're just killing plenty of time and enjoying the hell out of
it i just thought i'd give you a great yesterday to me was the real proof of the pudding not that
there's been any doubt because i've seen the magic that this does with my blood sugar in a way
i feel but yesterday i mean i really packed away the food you know uh... the better part of two
stakes and those big jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon delicious and then two big juicy sirloin burgers
on the grill with cheese that old English uh... velvita cheese or whatever it is and man and plenty
of yarlsbrook cheese with zero carbs and i get on the scale this morning and hallelujah i was jumping
for joy well we've been jumping higher than brine blades yeah we've been hitting the old Costco
cheese section just buying it by the pound yeah and uh... you know that's a way to do it don't
don't uh... anybody out there who's honest thing don't waste your time buying at the package cheese
those little uh... you know what the usual uh... go out there and get the big bricks of cheese that's
a way to do it oh absolutely you can and you can make it all up and then all that crap in it
i'll tell you what's great is a fondue with about twelve different cheeses on it okay i get it
with a spoon and you're probably different you're meeting that too uh... good morning okay
thanks a lot pali thanks again okay another great success story right there from one of the most
incredible events in the history of broadcasting anywhere in the human race neo roger's teams up with
aging dr robberdackins and the two of them together are creating another god damn revolution here
and we got our lunch coming what time is that coming by the way and it better get here early
because fat boys the one who's involved in that he'll probably eat most of it on a way in here
how is it possible seriously i know that this is a little uh... sensitive but i don't care
you know me mr. sensitivity how can people walk around looking like that
now i know i once weighed at my peak at my height at my uh... fatdest 266 that's 22 years ago in
serisota wspb 266 pounds i would go to the supermarket i would buy a box of hamburger helper
and about a pound and a half a ground beef uh wait a minute i just started i would cook it up and
eat the entire however much that makes what is that sir eight whatever it's supposed to serve
i would eat the entire amount all of it all of it it was good too by the way cheeseburger macaroni
or whatever that was and uh... the lasagna into bad little mushy and then i would also buy in the
a cans like that real sweet juice you know the different kinds of like coli and punch that kind
of stuff and i would have to like big cans of that and during the course like on a weekend you
know you're sitting around watching a ballgame on tv or something serisota what are you going to do
you know you go outside everybody's dead run right back inside and pop that uh thing on the
on the oven get started with a hamburger helper again at about two big uh... cans of Hawaiian punch
266 i'm telling you man i'm a slob now but back then i was such a slob it was a miracle i would
ever leave the house and how does some of these other people like when we went on that vagus trip
i don't want to pick on anybody in particular but there were some candidates for a can there were
some candidates for a piano box on that plane i mean it's a miracle we ever got off the ground
how is that possible i mean i realize it's an illness and it's a problem and it's difficult and i've
been through myself but but how can you just keep walking around like that and just people look at
you and you know they're just falling down laughing and puking their brains out fat boy i'm sorry
here's a mobile in aventura hello a deal yes sir
back to that kid he lost boy on his own
now that was good one uh what what was that a feeble attempted something and he just didn't have all
the pieces together we have an open line in day seven five one it's ten forty seven at wio d
ten wio d it's my team build it or i'll take my puck and go home i'm so mad at both of you guys
all right good morning ladies gentlemen just so there is no misunderstanding everybody be seated
lady livet well wasting time if you're gonna keep doing that i'm gonna stop you right here now
making this easy i am mr gover council this whole line needs to be done in a different way and now
here it is again because you know you're you're on earth in the same day i'm gonna stop you right here
everybody be seated livet your honor i think that i was your share i'm gonna tell you for the
fourth time no sit down this is much to do about nothing sit down no i'm serious you know something
you know this is very unfair sit down that's very unfair sit down are you way they afraid of
mr clark sit down where he says hey stupid there's that Hank Goldberg he had a mouth and off
ten fifty one at wio d so anyway the uh part the last paragraph for second last in the editorial
in the sun sent along the uh brine blade sting be a man be a pro be a stand up guy live up to your
promise to play a little bit harder jump a little bit higher and run a little bit faster
that was the best part of that bogus press conference the other day
yeah because he's gonna be thinking about his dead cousin he'll be really putting out a lot
more effort he'll be running a little faster i guarantee when they come knocking at the door he'll
be running a lot faster just like oh Jay you notice how he took off like a bad out of hell course
the bronca was moving his body a little bit faster and how come the jury never got to hear about
the god damn passport in the ten thousand dollars wouldn't that raise a little bit of suspicion in
your mind about the grieving ex-husband whose on his way to join his wife in the cemetery he's
gonna go there and blow his brains out he's got a gun but he's also got ten grand in cash and a
passport i know that if i'm gonna commit suicide i certainly want to have ten grand in cash in my
hand and my passport just in case i change my mind on the way over there they don't take american
express in heaven you know oh is that it but do they fart in hell that's the question here's uh
dania hello uh... nil but they do take that of vassier card and misa yes uh good morning when is
this uh... i had some real important information here that i wanted to relate to you about eight's
research i just got some information from the uh... human rights campaign fund committee
it says the a house subcommittee late last night voted to eliminate the federal government's
budget for aids research yeah the appropriate liberty parachuba liberty parachuba yeah
the appropriation subcommittee on labor health and human services and education
voted along party lines to cut the office of aids research at the national institute of health
liberty parachute eliminate one point four billion dollars yeah what about it for aids
about it for fiscal what about it what about it well the Clinton administration had requested one point
and what about it well now we have no
get your passport get your passport moved to a real country okay and stop belly
it can all right jesse helms is running the show now baby he's the one called all the shots
liberty parachuba adaboy jesse you tell him we have an open line in brown at five
to four nine i mean when do you people gonna wake up and sniff it okay the fanatical right-wing
lunatic nuts they take a whole goddamn country over and this guy's on here limperisting me on a phone
a song and a dance about the cutting money for aids research what do you expect okay
can't we all just be normal people like jesse liberty parachuba anyway speaking of that on
sunday july sixteen that's this sunday center one brownered counties oldest and large is
non-profit aid service organization will be the recipient of proceeds raised from a supercuts cut
the cut of thonald be held at participating super what is it supercuts in brownered county
from five to nine p.m. this sunday supercuts is requesting a five dollar donation for a haircut of
which a hundred percent all of it will be given to center one this sunday five denying at the
supercuts all over brown okay okay just tossed that in and passing which here's a pump wait a
minute like i said here's pompano hello hey nil yes sir call me with my mouthful really hey i'm
glad you got on this Brian blades thing yeah the story broke on Wednesday and they said
well he's too upset to talk to cops okay but by Thursday friday you're going what's going on
so upset if i whack my cousin in my house and i'm too upset to talk to the police do you think they
take that sure what number is your uniform i guess you're right yeah if it's thirty two or higher
you're in good shape the thing is what in sense is the regular guy is if you've been pushed around
by a cop before which who hasn't by now it just your head starts spinning when you see them just
hand somebody like Brian blaze with with the leather gloves or whatever yeah what kind of crap is
this i mean like the guy said before a guy is hiding behind a can of baked beans or something and
right away we get the swat team in there and make a big son of dance about it we got the north bay
village standing behind the bushes up the street point near radar gun hassling the hell out of
ordinary god damn people just trying to live their lives and not bother anybody but if somebody goes
and is involved in somebody twice well we don't know he shot him but if somebody is is there when
some grotesque episode like this happens and is the only witness and the neighbors are saying there
was a lot of commotion in racquet and screaming then i think at the very least they got a right to say okay
we want to know they ask you know they ask the question i mean hey even oh jay got coughed and went
downtown i mean they had to chase him down to chicago but he went in and let's face it i mean if
we're going to be impressed based on jacquery see i mean a Brian blades couldn't lick oj's ass
exactly or jim morison your greatest meal okay pal
we have an open line in brown at five two four you think he could lick oj's ass five two four nine
four six three and brown is we try to find a little bit of justice in america for justice we must go
to don corleon that's what we got to go to for justice that's what i say let's call up the boys
and let them straighten all this crap out they wouldn't put up with this garbage our police can't
get the job done call up don corleon and let's let the family get involved in this where we go
we're going to uh... davie hello yeah niel yes sir hey good to talk to you i haven't called you
in a couple years listen a couple things i want to talk to you about first of all uh
the act inside i'm not on it i'm getting ready to do it just because i'm about 20 pounds
overweight you'll love it man okay my buddy frankie i think you know him he's lost like 25
frankie pentangely now frankie who's dennis's friend oh that's that guy yeah he's already dropped
uh... twenty seven pounds is uh... father's dropped about twenty five so he incredible yeah frankie
could lose some weight i'll tell you that he could afford to lose a bundle yeah he's loving it and uh... you
can't spell mung without you out exactly that's your word there so uh... well do it pal and give
Dennis a big kiss for me okay okay we'll see uh... saturday okay everybody bye
we have an open line in brown at five two four nine four six three the two what is that what's the
problem now why don't you just give me an exact moment we got mung we got mung like five uh
right we'll leave the guy alone it was a good call so the guy he didn't they they can't listen four
hours every day i'm not sure why when you're in this godforsaken place especially in the dog days
of summer we're going to have a god damn thing to do except sit around some fancy hotel room listening
to the radio being impressed with all the titles you got what a powerful little dictator you are
little what dick tater as in Napoleon complex i was handy calb doing by the way here's a mobile
in the for-law today hello what's the matter with you you got to make a good name yeah yeah we have
two open lines in brown or five two four all the amateur comedians out there okay call up Steve
dickle a put you on a weekend Floridians dumb as dirt shoot them in the leg news talk at
entertainment radio six ten w i o d presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil call seven five
one w i o d in date five two four w i o d in bro outside the three oh five area code it's toll free
one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and say you know one customer's can call pound i o d at no
charge now the Neil Rogers show a news talk and entertainment radio six ten w i o d i have just
tasted your snapper oh what's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love hidden
balls the only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
squirt squirt
i let my girlfriend all sun caddy choose the film i'm the book she calls me daddy
must die that five tunitaka all right it's still ladies golf to me
my favorite holder doesn't have any number a green or a fairway
no quick because i'm a snapper lapper i play golf and i'm gay
i miss my tea time got caught in the clubhouse lesbian golf is the only time with the girls
i'm gay let's play l e g a still ladies golf to me and ride his disgrace chips sit on my face
still ladies golf to me thanks forever to get that taste and smell how do you system
level oh seven a w i o d happy thursday to you we're just rolling long singing the song got my
check in my pop it pop it my puppet in my pocket and we got john smith subs bringing us a little
bit of lunch if that boy doesn't eat it all the way over here we got two open lines in
day one and brown one in the green line all these people are called you got so many fans out
there is going to be fifty million people at the mall are on Saturday but boy they sure won't
make the effort man they don't care enough to send their very best or even an exhausted shop
they're very forced do we ever find out about the weenies by the way man i'm just uh
dying for that a place where they have the wow we got a couple of old ladies call yesterday what
do they know here's plantation hello hi yes sir uh you speak about europe and violence and one thing
now they're early on yes if this merrigan football player had been in england you would have been
arrested under the race relations law for conduct lightly the cause of breach of the peace
the race relations law yep that's the offense conduct lightly the cause of breach of the peace
well is that what is that a racial thing in other words of a black guy does it is no
no no anybody because i know that british tend to be extremely racist no no anybody black white green yellow
yeah if you are lightly the cause of breach of the peace you will be arrested and it's a
jailable offense right well first of all if he would have been in england he wouldn't had a gun in
the first place probably not no right exactly he would have been in france or italy or switzer
lender germany or a den marker norway or any of those civilized places right if you want a gun
joining army right exactly okay pali anytime tell me how we have a lot of british your listeners
on this program and of course sometimes i'm right on the verge of feeling bad because i see all
those terrible things about the brits then i stop and reflect on it and realize that they're all true
we have an open line of brownord five what there's something on there that i should be watching
on what forty one forty one what kind of a channel is that what kind of a number is that i think it
might be american movie classics or something like that oh this is uh olivia hussie and uh what's his name
this is uh romio and juliet again for the four hundred time lettering white in olivia hussie
one of the all-time great movies in history of mankind wait till they get naked on that bed baby
then you'll really start i want mr. boobs this time i could do last time blinked here's a lady in
kendo hello yes man i wanted to know i know that you're not a very spiritual person what all is
at me you're not what what does that mean i happen to be a very spiritual person but not by your
definition or i'm not by hocus pocus uh what do you mean what do i believe in or you don't believe
in god what do you i don't believe in fairy tales how do you like that i believe like in life and
reality and you know you know you got you got your senses like your eyes and ears and
tongue and stuff like that what i wanted to know what you think i don't have any idea i don't
waste all of my life asking a lot of questions that i can't answer i don't know all i know is i'm
here and i'm doing the best i can rather than buying into some bull crap that's some uh ancient
chinese secret made up uh five thousand years ago there's one of those good spiritual people and
she yells out shot on the air she comes up with that have to dump her honey you are so full like
see your weak that's the problem your weak you have to have some kind of a crutch some kind of
bull crap oh what if it is true well just in case i better pretend that i believe in it even though
i do know it's bull crap because then i can uh go to the pearly gates and say give me my past
and my visa and master card that's for children it's for people with infantile minds when
you're gonna grow up okay lady when are you gonna get with it that's our first lady of the day i
think and what does that tell you right there nine tell you seventy percent of the people the women
in america are dumber than dirt they're the ones that are sitting out there watching all these
god damn stupid talking head shows and that oh jay business 24 hours a day
watching that god damn ricky lake holding up those flashcards with all those contrived
arguments there on a god damn stage well i all that phony baloney crap all that stage garbage
and buying it and then the course they're raising the children and you wonder why the children of
america can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy why all this television crap they're
talking about banning everything which ain't gonna solve nothing family values my ass this is a
country that don't have any values somebody gets murdered and it's a big joke right off the bat
we have drive by shooting seventeen year old kid is brain dead oh what's he that's too bad what what's
uh we're happening with oj today we're talking about stupid stupid idiotic jerks
exactly bitch did i call her a bitch good here's a mobile and west pond beach hello
hey you can't spell calm without you yeah we know we're in okay good phony vice dead by the way in
been here case i don't think it'll be happening anytime soon we have an open line in broward 5249463
524 wild boy you could tell how far that finger was up there couldn't you in the nose i meant
hey pizza lofts picking up put in your finger and while he gets those fingernails in every spot
that jeff Cohen go over to the pizza lofts say hey can i take a look at him and your fingernails too
and let jeff and his staff treat you to an enjoyable dining experience because i think basically
that's what the spot is for to promote the great Italian American food at the pizza loft not to go
on about his ponytail and about his finger uh finger lakes and fingernails and ego call in your
dining rem order it'll be pipe and hot on the table when you get there if you're like in a big
hurry or they'll deliver right to your door and date county just called 266 51 11 they can even
accept your American express other major credit cards on delivery which is almost done hurt up
try their fugasa pizza that real spicy pizza with the spicy sauce and onions try their thick
uh sysilian pizza or the real emmus the real new york style thin pizza they make it like nobody else
so don't forget try the pizza loft one time you'll go back again and again everything is made fresh
by hand gigantic overflowing portions that prices so modest even you schleppers can go there all
the time pizza loft doing it right for all over 20 years in town now open seven days a week holidays
every day morning noon night monic and dunger stick and everything in between pizza loft upstairs
at 69th and flagger just east of the palmeadow here's that number one more time 266 51 11
610 W I O D on a mission to win friends and get away with all we can don't be understanding
I would jump in front of a bullet from the cold thank you for calling the gambling anonymous hotline
we know how difficult it is to break a habit that's why we're here to help if you'd like to
contact a local gambling support group press one now if you'd like the name of a gambling
therapist press two now if michael jordan owes you money press three now thank you for calling
the gambling anonymous hotline okay 11 16 at w i o d that woman had called before she was the best
you talk about a real little nose pick and twit I guarantee she was called from a trailer park
she'll probably be on wiki lake by the end of the week talking about how she found Jesus oh and
by the way guess what day it is George is slipped up again July 13 huh I remember
a rosa Lopez today for lunch let's forget about john smith for just a second or two let's take our
meat and go for a rosa house and meet the old virgin no any old virgins here's davie on a purple line
hello how you doing they're all playing golf yes I got a couple things to talk about if you'll let
me go on a little semi intellectual soliloquy semi intellectual soliloquy I think the semi part
underline yes absolutely absolutely first of all great song about the LPGA I was fantastic second
moment on the act is dying for about three weeks now yes sir I mean 9,000 calories a meeting fat
a day I'm not kidding man okay so anyway what line is he on see I almost never do this but I know
that it just kind of slipped out and I'm gonna have to wait for it delayed a build back up and
put it back on don't say crap blow to stake okay you can either crap blow just don't say what line
was he on he's done a pound line and of course we're paying for it see that's bad I put the guy
on hold and we're paying for it till the labels back up again because he said crap on the year
and he's got a story and he wants to do a semi intellectual thing for us here today just like
that bitch that called the writer save me and find me salvation what if that bull shot ain't a bunch
of crap or what if it ain't if that bunch of crap ain't a bunch of bull shot okay you're
collected yourself now thank you very much okay shot load you said right all right well I
roll it blade every day that's what Charles blades god shot load hello yeah I'm here I'm sorry
well I roll it blade every day and I do like a couple of push ups I've lost 25,000 in the best
shape of my life I got veins in my arms I don't know where they came from oh it's fantastic yeah
I got girls and everything oh but listen the other thing I want to talk about is that girl
they called you let me give you my cellular phone number you can do it off the air on the
eye I'll care and I wanted to call me I love girls like that they're fantastic what are you talking
about the one with the religion crap yeah I'll set a straight I'll give her a little talking to
yeah she'll find religion she'll be saying oh god that's good right holy Jesus can I give you
the number get out of here I wouldn't wish that on Hitler we have an open line on a purple line
pound i.o.d he wants to talk to that simple bitch okay well just give you the trailer park
location and just go in there and you'll be able to sniff it here's a Del Rey hello
yeah okay here's the curl springs hello hello yes sir how you doing okay I had Brian blade
agent uses big head Drew Rosenhouse he's got a name right just keep mentioning he's also by the way
as Warren Saps agent I just thought I would mention that okay he's no sap he would have used a
second gunman theory in the grass you know behind blade house yeah yeah I just can't believe it
and nobody seems to give a crap this goes to show you how much the public has been desensitized
they just accept one incident like this after another after another after another and it's like oh
okay well what time does the oj trial start today there are morons man they have no kind of value
at all we got we got assholes running around shooting doctors at abortion clinics and then we
got people in the media bringing guests on to try to somehow legitimize it like okay well this is
acceptable because we decided abortion is murder so therefore you know our twisted logic says this
is okay do you remember the maritales yes you remember the maritales more show that's your yeah well
he died he was reincarnated as rick danches there you go okay pal thank you see yeah he'll be right
over in the limo we have an open line in power at 5249463524 wiod yeah rick snatches and all these
assholes next to run channel seven with their hysterical sensational you people and lots of other
people before you and now even the network news everybody CBS this morning with two analysts to
tell us about Hugh Grant and his you know his his big tour now the apology tour we had the prime time
tour we had the Michael try to cover up his ass tour and now we got the apology tour by Hugh Grant
and they have to have two analysts on their explaining to america whether he did a good job of
explaining it all away and did jaylenos here look worse than usual or what i mean it is frightening
it is downright god damn frightening and in the meantime they're going to solve the problem by
putting a v of v a thing in your they're going to plant it in your thing a v blocker here's four
it was talking about that kid who ran his daddy's bronco into the the lake whatever that is the
canal yeah but i was wondering how can something be sucked down into a discharge tube
as uh... the news was saying oh man okay we'll work on them we'll get marconi in here to
figure it out we have an open line in brot oh i also heard man did say that last night on the sports
finger he said finger it out and he was also talking about the purple line you know your great man
dog we love you you checked out but you're starting to rip off every line that i've ever invented
another leaf out or want to be that them jam manage it's eleven twenty one at w i d
six ten w i o d if you just started listening be advised that f m rules do not apply
i killed the cold trust me
you have a problem with someone and you're sick of raising your voice tired of spending
endless hours screaming at your boyfriend hollering at your boss or just wailing at someone who
can't cut meat you need the yellow hey hey you're the butcher in this store yes yeah you are you cut up a
pork roast for the spiss Friday night you said there was too much fat you trying to make them gain
weight no you don't like how they look quarter inch trim meat a quarter inch not a half inch the
spiss got too much blubber on their pork roast the yellow comes in all dialects travels well and
has easy storage the yellow now one designer colors too oh okay eleven twenty five and time to do
wise you on a really swell day and we have an open line and brow art if you hop on a real fast five
two four here's Miami hello hello hey Neil yeah hey hey what's all the way to shake and going
on over there sir Neil what are you shaking oh no i'm not shaking anything listen there's
nothing wrong with what you're doing okay well let's let's we know what i'm doing about what
wait let's be honest about it okay no and it's controversial there's nothing wrong with what i'm
doing about what controversial are you gonna have a conversation or yes sir okay what are you
what are you talking about it takes that much time and effort to do anything i mean of that
all that time consuming effort to do things for free now let's put it on the line i know maybe
you're getting a little cut back or something from all you're talking about to die i'm not getting
squat pal okay so just cut the crap nobody does anything for the public okay blow it out your
ass you idiot let me say it again i only wish and if i were getting something what would be wrong
with that when you're doing good by somebody else but guess what i'm not because i'm a smock okay
nobody does anything see there's another that's part of american family values one more time nobody
does anything expense all this much energy unless there's some sinister thing there they're getting
a cut behind a scene like i said i only pray and wish that i were so i wouldn't have to sit here
and talk to assholes like him who's yankin and twisting and wiggling it on the phone Eric can't
even get his goddamn act together here's orlando hello i near how are you okay sir i got a two
part uh... call for you okay part one i bet my dad says that your first car embossing was a
nineteen sixty blue career yeah that's right i'm a bastard one the bet well what difference does
it make why would you make a bet on what my first car was because i was interested okay okay second
thing is um i got a little like a cable access show up here in a land oh yeah and uh i tried to
call you last night home but your number isn't listed uh-huh imagine that right but i was wondering if
you could maybe um like sunday night if you're like not too busy you can maybe call in because i
pay homage to you every week on my program sure no problem okay let's go to uh-mimey beach hello
nia how are you okay great uh- listen i ran home at eleven o'clock trying to hear the bridge
center can you please pay for you you really thought i was going to play it yeah i did a lot of
wow please i'll work on okay pal open line and date he ran all the way home just here the
guide damn bridge center how do you like that sounds like a real to me open line and uh-
purple and the uh-whatever that is what color is that green kind of like a darker shade of green
or is it a wider shade of at uh-1800 nine four four nine four six three that guy in orlando
you know i appreciate all the adulation and all the uh-fondling and the caressing and stuff like
that but quite frankly from that distance i can't even feel it here's uh- dear field hello
open line and date 751 one and brown art five two four one on the green line one eight hundred
nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred where do the assholes come from where have they
been like i said four sterilization is the only answer for this country i know it sounds radical
i know it sounds hit luresk something like that but i say that's the only answer for the future
of america the only way to save this country from self emulation baby because it is uh- so
anyway we've got the movie on here out what is this did we discover this is a and e what is it
we haven't discovered yet they don't really make any difference rollo and julienne i think it's
American movie classics because a and e has commercials in color no less with Leonard Whiting and
Olivia Hussie no relation to Charlie Hussie from color race course here's bokeh on a purple line hello
how you doing nil okay uh i mean if you're if you're innocent i mean why do you hide and
hire an attorney an expensive attorney if you're innocent um-hmm i mean if you're innocent you have
nothing to hide and and you know you just come out to say exactly what happened why ain't he talking
to the police that's all i want to know why is he not talking to the police and why is duro's in
the house running around shooting off his big stupid mouth making all kinds of excuses and somehow
suggesting that he ain't going to get a fair shake under any circumstances so you know that that's
just the way i'm saying well uh you know that's it and unless they're going to arrest him that's all we
got to say he's getting a lot of free publicity you know this way if any of the other football players
you know have problems like that they know who to go to there you go maybe that's what it's all about
maybe he's going to be a professional hitman do you ever think about that you know i was thinking
about the uh michael's action he's ahead he's you know he's you know he's trying to look like is
that guy on his his video that speed racer yeah same exact face yeah same push did you hear that he's
making a uh new patchy commercial likely story no i swear guys making you know that kid that
sucks himself into the bottle yeah okay we have an open line on the purple line pound i od and one
uh oh that was beautiful yeah i do know that kid that uh i think he's called ron jr. me jr
yeah anyway it's eleven thirty at w.w.a.d i will say this the audience has certainly been creative
and the some almost stimulating last couple of days as opposed to the first two days of the week
but hey after playing the same tape forty seven times Steve dickle what do you expect okay
boy oh boy this guy i sure hope they're having their listening session over there today because man
you talk about a guy who's sitting back i know with the big guy his feet up on the desk there
drinking a few martunes and having a great time and talking about what a fantastic job
all these fabulous rejoins and about these big contests we're having on here which by the way we
go on starting monday they were running promos for and jr. jr. jr. j and i have no idea why it's
gonna work or what it's all about here's my amy hello nio yes welcome back welcome back
yeah never well listen you better do it fast because before you know it i'll be going on the next one
i'm pretty sure you will i will and i can't wait hey um let me say something first if everybody
keeps on saying you have a kickback from it the only kickback you get from it is knowing that it
worked for you right you know so what's the big deal and you think that diet would work for hank
olberg i don't think there's any help there also what was that you were saying about the kennel
Toyota show yeah yeah they want dr. akkins on there that'll be the end of his career yeah but
will they have them with you no i don't you think i'm going on there that's i they're finished
with me i'm not going on i think uh because i didn't get a chance to see you when you were first
on you missed nothing have a great day pal another guy it's an desperately in need we have an
open line and date 7519463 751 w i old d baby hold on to the sides of the chairs the
suction's getting heavy duty here's for a lot of day hello hey Neil how you doing today okay sir
it's great to have you back i'm on avid list night welcome back Neil oh it's great we missed you a
lot yeah i was thinking about you this morning ask me if i must be in here a lot oh now you didn't
ask me if i thought about this dump while i was over there having a great time well filter
filter care everything no worry about it okay and you know he ran his show good now it's his
turn a little break right and uh you know we were talking this morning of a breakfast about you
would pop it up hot we didn't even know that Alan had died yeah and um we would we were just
comparing the the showmanship of both of you and uh you guys are both both remarkable he was
he was the sport will miss him a lot he was one in a billion there was no i've never known
anybody else like him in my life he was a hell of a guy the promotions were fat
we have an open line in bruh what he asked me if the state of florida's full of shot and he just
they keep dotting it okay what's dot must have a lot of Indians calling i don't mean like
seminal Indians but i mean from the old country from overseas India they keep dotting the ion
there just to get that dot out of there baby yes the state is full of crap as usual and uh you
know you get tired of it it just they just wear you down it's like with the thoroughbreds which is
why i have no interest in that at all anymore because you got the three guy you know you got
called her in Gulfstream and highly every year year after year like a bunch of cry babies fighting
in all the inter fraternal squablin public is sick of it okay that's why i got nothing but the same old
people out there every guy damn day and you got a state with a bunch of retards up there in tallahassee
and they're regulating stuff that they know nothing about and they got this bitch Debbie Miller up
there who's like a professional uh uh whatever the hell she is a professional misfit running around and
they know lot and keeps putting her in this slot and in that slot if you pardon that expression
and she you know one thing is consistent about her no matter what slot she's in she still don't know
what it's all about we got your slot right over here Debbie 1134 wiod six ten wiod if your boss
doesn't listen then you know why your job's no fun mr. mary cathart jesus these are the real
stories of batman's like patrol batman batman where you're gonna go where you're gonna go when
you're out of super foes batman batman the crime fighting isn't what you think sure you have your
supervillains but when they're all locked up you deal with the same things all law enforcement
personnel deal with hang on what do you out rubble big domestic squaddle batman got the city trailer
part i'm on it all right sir tell me what happened i didn't mean to push you man man i didn't mean to
but she's making fun of my shells on the tv and i just sent me off some office i had a man
are you all right he's an animal he has no right to do what he did i want you to
walk in a Batman style right now go with the squads there no bad for you no you'll fail me out you
you brother come on mr. kaffin jail meet you there i want to break out riddler this crap
to press the hell out of me
he was his ward not his pedophile okay it's eleven thirty nine at w i would do that's what
America that's what the women of america are watching the same women that are raising all those
kids out there millions and millions of them they're sitting and watching all that crap all
it can try fist fights all the trailer park trash all the yahu's on there and they think it's real
they sit there they haven't got any idea whether it's real whether it's fantasy whether it's
make believe whether it's a jesus whether it's merry whether it's mohammed whether it's
saw here's a lady in the palm beach hello hi niel yes ma'am i hate to have to follow up with that
because the question i have for the doctor atkins that does we've all around pregnancy and children
yes i had a baby two months ago yeah and i am pretty active and um and you think i'm going to be
had several colors call in and i can't always listen to you right and i tried to call the one eight
hundred atkins number yeah but there is uh he's using that for a page or now
it's a member of the just out of this morning the question i have is that i run a lot
and i still have like ten pounds to lose and i was wondering if that diet is
it would be feasible for someone like me if you if you've had any colors call in and said well
what do you mean someone like you i don't get it why not i mean that i have ten pounds to lose and then
i um i'm just wondering how the carbohydrates if if the loss of carbohydrates would affect
uh running for instance running like almost 40 miles a week 40 miles a week maybe less
well that article in playboy that i talked about the other day that uh that that guy that
sears guy he says uh if you're going to be doing a lot of strenuous exercise get rid of the
carbohydrates okay well then answer that well doesn't answer it but i'm just telling you what he
said that's not you know you're gonna have to try it for yourself and see how you feel uh
sears sears you said is the name right okay i'll pick that up the book is called the zone
see but now we're starting with another book again it's in uh this the August playboy page 32
and i know you don't want to go out by i know i'm just i know you don't want to go out by playboy
magazine but go into a bookstore like leaf through it and pretend you're looking at the pictures
like you're a bulldozer or something oh i want to look on page 32 and read the article there and
you'll pick up some interesting stuff okay well i appreciate i'll probably pick up a lot more
than just that i'll bet okay take it easy see i know where you can get rid of it we have two
open lines in uh the green lines one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three here's Miami
Buenos dias hello yes sir good morning Neil how you doing okay okay i spoke to you two weeks ago uh
i told you um um that i had a minor hundred attack i was 27 years old yes and i told you i was
been two weeks and it lost 20 pounds oh also my blood pressure star i was on a blood pressure
pill right they started dropping and dropping and dropping i'm off the pill um how long
in uh two weeks and i feel great but the only problem that we're having we're doing this as a
family thing too and uh our problem is uh the uh the night trites there's night trites and bacon
there's night trites and ham there's night trites and everything so we called the acon center
and it told us to look for slap bacon but that also has night trites in it so we can't uh i don't
know what you know you had bacon yesterday but most all of them that i've seen has night trites in it
yeah well nothing is perfect it's not a perfect world okay but that's not going to affect your
weight loss no okay it's not then because there's no night trites whatsoever and anything right well
of course you try you try for perfection but you're never going to get it and if you get like
healthy choice cold cuts i think if you look on the label you'll find that they don't uh some of
them do well some of them do and so so get the ones that don't the only ones that don't have is a
turkey and that's it all the other ones do all of them yep we look at all the packages in the store
and people look at it's like we're crazy you know jesus but i don't have to move to a europe i guess
where they still make things without all the pictures right right right same day that they bring it in
right okay Neil okay good luck Sally keep it up okay we have an open line in day 751
two on those green lines one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three here's Tamarack hello
good morning yes sir how you doing okay that guy earlier said you were getting a cutback
this Saturday did you catch that okay back yeah no he said a cutback oh somebody said
your cutback maybe he maybe he needs to be cutback maybe we get siphon i have to take care of him
unbelievable i got a question did anybody bring up to you since when you were at a town last week
there was an article in the paper that the fcc is going to be clamping down on decency on radio as
well till midnight now all that was is that there was a u.s. appeals court in washington that the
you know the nineteen eighty seven ruling they had about in decent speech and all that crap they just
uh... they just upheld it they said the fcc still i think that's until ten o'clock at night or eight
o'clock whatever the hell it is it's a bunch of crap is what it is all right i thought that i don't
i say it was one of his career and now they're also going to decide about violent programming on
television let me say it again nobody with a brain in this country which doesn't cover too much
territory but nobody in a brain wants the government censoring speech okay it's unconstitutional it
is unacceptable and they can kiss my fat ass well it just sounded like the fcc's got a new boss
now and he's saying was no no it's just it's just the same old crap all right well in closing
can you play learning to spell with donnell okay we have an open knot we have an open line in
brown or five two four nine four six three here's my me b chillow i need a morning yes sir by
report i hope that's worthwhile yes do you think your operative it's uh... from the oj unfortunately
yesterday christard and asking to witness the mongoloid on there uh... did you ever say to your
girlfriend Patricia Barrett that i'm an asshole honest about that i never saw that clip for
uh... some strange reason court tv never decided to show that again well they didn't replay it i
guess because of the the word it came across live on channel seven in patrick phrase here every
one there panic i guess they don't have a dump dump on the crazer he's a real
yeah well he panicked and he said uh... he might not mudd something about uh...
hey this is uh... date time tv children may be watching we're going to watch and we're going
for a bit we don't want children to hear the word that's all that's what that's america man the
public has been brainwashed and believing there's something terrible about words sexist dirty the
human body is dirty words are dirty we're talking about a two-year-old sandbox mentality in this
goddamn country and the jesse helms and company are leading the part of the people right down the
bike with this crap well if your operatives can penetrate the uh... the arc don't say penetrate
that would be great either i know that it's why i said that's especially don't say penetrate and
at all in the same sentence that's really bad jesse gets real upset about that first that denied the
first question darting came right back with
did you refer to me as an asshole yeah and it would have been great and what did he say
uh... nothing that's when they interrupted i guess and uh... it would have been great
if the defense the dream team would have stood up in unison at that point great
theater they would have said we rest our case your honor and i'm gonna get both of you
yeah
i couldn't believe it anyway in a courtroom of law exactly isn't that great law
america baby up there uh... yet of course the judge puts on the big act in the
so mad needs to go to have to take a fifteen minute break and go back and eat
some more sushi and cool off and all that other crap you know i'll be gacked all
big showbiz good luck to us pal okay see it right in uh... what's his name's
house here blades how soon they forget see and what about and nobody thinks it's
unusual that many blades broke his fist
i want to see if he's got like a cut finger there on the uh... the middle finger
which which finger it is
many blades has got a cut on his finger what does that tell you he lives like right
next door now we're starting to piece all of this together baby
eleven forty seven at w i o d harness racing fans here's an exciting wicked
pompadopark again now into the summer racing schedule with racing on monday on
friday and saturday nights tomorrow night the feature race will be the first
leg of the gator pace for two year old colts and the seminal pace for two year old
fillies tomorrow night is family night at pompadopark with fifty cent
beers hot dogs and sodas all night long and again tomorrow night a lucky
panel win round trip airfare for two to anywhere the carnival airlines
flies including Los Angeles New York port are eco into Bahamas this saturday night
is a double special night in addition to the usual thousand dollar cash giveaway to
some lucky stiff out there pompadopark this saturday will give away a trip for two
to harness racing's greatest race to hamiltonian at the metal lands the trip
includes airfare hotel car rental and admission in parking at the hamiltonian be
at the track this weekend pompadopark monday of friday and saturday first
post time seven thirty six ten w i o d expanding your mind and a few other body parts
too hey look for me sonny ursion w i n z the zogas coming soon to a theater near you
he was everybody's favorite dolphin and he's coming back with a new partner
oh yeah flippers hippert here in the 90s he's hanging out with a thousand
ee
good day flipper
oh yeah oh yeah crack man what's that?
well i'm worried mothre no i'll tell how we're gonna make our new movie interesting
no one up i'm all over that homie i'm just gonna press a fresh smile and do some brain dancing on a
break water a rep in dolphin that's a movie
yeah the money be rolling in here we are in it here
and now flippers trying for us great comeback he's going new check he's our homie
what about your pointer flipper it's eleven fifty one or is that Luke we have an open line in
day seven five one one on the green line one eight hundred day haven't gotten naked yet have
they hear Romeo and Juliet but they're working on it i'll tell you one thing i'll say it again he's
a hell of a prettier than she'll ever be here's a davie hello
Neil yes sir how are you okay i like you last week going on vacation and blew my dad
did you are did you start over like from day one again
you blew the diet blew it you know i just i thought he said something else the new Georgia i thought
he said something else i think it was on father's day i basically stayed on it i just added
out i'd be father's day dead all right scored scored now what is it i just well that's what it's
sounded like he said i went off i didn't know whether the screen or a push bananas up now what is it i
went off the diet okay don't say i didn't go off it i just added alcohol yeah well get off the
booze man get off the sauce well i was in Vegas and i was having a good time okay well if you're
on vacation it's all right so and what happened now well i started like i didn't know if you had
to or not but i i'd like you have to go right back have to go right back to scratch right by i can
say that yeah okay uh one of the things if you can ask since i already have the book i don't need
to go to the signing right uh i have a problem with the vitamin things why well i just could you
ask him if there's like a brand name vitamin that you're supposed to that's that's best because i
looked at my my multi vitamin jar yeah with a magnifying glass and like only half of them are in
the list that has his list yeah if there is like a name brand well they pedal a bunch of
stuff from that act in the health center they sent me some of a yesterday but i don't think you
really need to buy it from them now i was just wondering if there's a name brand you know somebody
somebody will call okay someone have also have you have thousands of guinea pigs out there have you
ever heard of mortens in vegas steakhouse i've heard of it never been there wow great huh wow
while it's like uh the rosewood grill right bring your platinum card um huh it is the best
thing i ever had in my life where where is it uh you know that shopping mall it's like next to treasure
island there's a shopping mall next to treasure island yeah well it would be like down the street
from treasure island you're talking like right down the street from the rosewood grill like one or two
blocks you're not talking about there's a big fashion show mall are you i don't know what it's called
but there's a big shopping mall there and that's it the fashion show and it's in the back part of
the mall there's it's like a separate entrance okay the best steak i ever had in my life i'll put
it down but bring your bring your platinum card no problem okay pal back good luck to you open line
broard five two four nine four six three one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four
here is a parkland hello hey Neil how you doing good buddy nice to talk to you i've been listening to
you since i left a big burden about twelve to fourteen years ago yeah i've got a question on the
diet are the the vitamins compulsory to take or not sure yeah okay because i started to
diet about a week and a half ago yeah i've got the book and i've been able to see my toes great
god only knows what will pop up next yeah you're not kidding can i call somebody a douchebag yeah that's
your beautiful douchebag okay sweetheart yeah open line on a purple line pound iod and one on
that vocal line baby it's just sitting there just waiting to start percolating just waiting to start
doing something believe it i don't here's the hollywood hello good morning Neil good morning
i knew allen but i knew his son michael on a personal level up in pop and out yeah the house
there yeah and uh i was wondering do you know her came in what what does that mean he's like a big
guy who passed away ninety one no i happen to be his brother though yeah but they were very close
michael and my brother right hurricane man yeah and uh it's just a thing would happen though yeah
i i only found out today well it's a sad thing but you know because allen was a great friend of mine
for 20 years but on the other hand when somebody is dying of bone cancer like that and has gone
through the pain and the suffering that he is for like a long time now there reaches a point where
you finally say at least he's gone to rest now and doesn't have to suffer anymore you know i'm saying
yeah but the mother she's always been over protected of michael like where are you going okay well
that's great we have an open line in brown art five two four one on the green line what an oh god
all mighty see what they're getting michael's and friends calling in now and we'll have some
answers as to why uh dad's laying there in the box anyway let's go to uh mommy be chill oh yeah
yes sir i took my lunch hour for the bridge tinder please play it oh come on do you you must be
off your rocker please come on five minutes you have five minutes before news but it's two twenty one
i only got like three in a heaven it's so if you say goodbye goodbye yes yes sir yes
uh one of the one of the talking about uh these bridges about large and boats that you talked about
earlier about what
bridges cars and boats now we're talking about bridges over over the uh causeway not the ones
in your mouth i don't have any of my friends okay okay yeah calm down so take a deep breath
and then he put it regulated by the united core of engineers you got to know well it is all
bridges over navigable waterway see if i knew that i wouldn't have been asking say what's that
i said if i knew the answer to the question i wouldn't have asked it in the first place okay well
i'm saying sir is that the united states core of engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over
navigable waterways over one navigable waterway yes sir okay okay yeah so it's up to them to decide
what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic yes and what time should they not
be open to marine traffic sir i'm telling you that they come up with the times well what what
is the time i believe it's at rush hour times sir that they are not open to marine traffic other than
that they are open to marine traffic so in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up
traffic for two months absolutely correct sir well what kind of a communist bunch of crappers that
that is not a communist bunch of craps sounds like some kind of the end of the all fascist commie pinko
experiencing me right exactly no i think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat i
think that's what they ought to do man you better know your law is mr because you sure don't that's
right i suppose you want the man bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane too i want the bridges
closed period okay i want them closed i want the bridge tentative to go home and watch your
MTV and get the hell out of our lives i want those bridges closed let them use the junior
tunnel okay you know i'm going to use them a concept cause i think they ought to go on a
george washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenders how do you like that sir
well i don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiotic stupid stupid stupid idiotic
idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic
is going to get a little bonus action on there too how do you like that just a little bit extra
because the guy made up that story about how he rushed home and he took his whole lunch hour to hear
the guy dambridge tender you talk about a boring ass town what does that tell you we have an open
a
the old passion
other stations wish they could be.
News talk an entertainment radio, 610 W I O D, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
