Tyson versus Doc.
Mike Tyson, Princess Diana, 15 rounds to decide who will wear the crown.
That's my dear!
No more you hiding in this ice cream, your mate!
Mike Tyson wanted a fight that would bring him the fuck.
That's right.
Princess Diana just wanted to beat up a man, any man.
I should've brought you so hard to live a shallower!
You get it.
John King and the Queen, present Tyson versus Diana.
Ryan and Justin, Mama, you sure food around with a fox in this country.
I don't need the crowns, you'll actually take your family juice.
Ah, hey no fair touchy, Mr. Marvel.
Yes, Malice in the Palace.
Tyson and Doc, I'm gonna put her on hookah in fucking hands.
Friday night on game reviews.
Okay, 1006 at WIOD.
Happy holidays to you.
Happy Wednesday, happy whatever the hell you got on.
Happy Quanza, etc.
What is that?
What is that, what is that, quanza stuff, huh?
That's like the 26th.
No, I don't mean like when, I mean like what is it?
See, I'm trying to say anything that would like evade the obvious at this point.
And thank God Jeff Rimmer is here.
When the hell would I ever think I would say that?
Thank God Jeff Rimmer is here on this particular day.
Mani-Stana-Halala-Hazeth.
Why is this day any different from any other day?
That's because Jeff Rimmer is here to save the day.
He might've been okay here this morning, you know what?
But that's another story which we'll talk about later.
I'm sure we will.
I might just have 102 comments to make, but you know, not now.
Let's not spoil a good time.
So anyway, Don Cherry is going to be with us on the phone in about 20 minutes.
Don't sit back in a chair like sit up there by that thing's a microphone.
I don't want you to see that.
I don't want to interrupt anything.
Yeah.
After all, he's been stimulating radio for the last four hours.
Oh, so you're going to start.
You're going to start.
Hey, what time is your show on?
I don't have one.
Yeah, exactly.
That's my point.
Well, I know.
Okay, best I don't say it.
Let's all just do like Phil Henry down.
No comment.
No matter what it is, no comment.
Okay.
No comment.
Let's see if we got anybody listening this morning.
Okay.
Now how many tickets did you bring by the way?
No, hang on a second here.
Now you're assuming something.
Assuming what?
That I'm going to give tickets away to it.
Yeah, that I bring a second from the floor.
I'm assuming that.
I never said I was going to give it.
Because Jeff Mosser into this ego thing.
Oh, come on.
You leave Jeff alone.
See, this isn't QAM.
We don't sit here and play these like cutesy little games.
You know, everything is like these contrived arguments between
Asuna Woods there in the little dog or whatever the guy's name.
We don't do that.
No, we also don't bring people on here to stick their head up
Wayne's ass.
If we want somebody to kiss ass, we got depot.
We don't have to have you kiss an ass.
Well, listen, I was listening down on my way in here up the dial.
Yeah, they're defending Brian Cox.
You can say.
I'm not a coach.
You can.
They're defending Brian Cox.
They're defending Brian Cox based on what?
Yeah, believe it.
Well, based on the fact one thing, he's on that radio station on Thursday nights.
Well, that don't sound like a conflict interest to me.
Give me a break.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's a terrible state.
Where do you?
Did you tell me they said Joe Newland I went to Pittsburgh?
Yeah.
First of all, who would believe that?
Didn't the penguins just unload robotai and all in both Samuelsons?
Because they couldn't afford to pay roll and they're still in financial problems?
The penguins need more scoring power like I need more hemorrhoids.
Well, Joe Newandike did get traded and get traded late last night after the deadline.
I might add.
Yeah.
The trade wasn't made by midnight.
I just looked at the late edition of the USA today, which doesn't go to bed till 2 a.m.
And there's no deal in the newspaper.
But for all the hockey fans tuning in this morning, Newandike went and it's just the bogus trade.
He went to Dallas for Dallas.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
And then he went to Dallas for the first time in the USA.
But anyway, don't start underneath already, will you?
I'm not starting underneath. Give me a break.
Back to the matter is, Newandike gets traded to the Dallas Star signs of $5 million.
What a boring time that is.
Oh my god, you talk about a team that needs to go to Newandike.
They can't score. That team is so god damn boring.
So maybe there's some justice there.
Because they need to battle.
I'm the bad one.
Danneau and Newandike.
It would have been nice if the lease would have got him.
But I mean, being real nice if the Panther's got him.
But the Panthers are doing great.
And the big article today is how they're doing great with the low payroll.
So they're not looking like to pay anybody gigantic money with all these sobstories.
We're here now from Wayne.
So a bribery tried to get to Newandike.
And in fact, I know we couldn't afford it.
No, it was nothing to do with money.
What was it for them?
The Panthers offered the better package of players.
Then Dallas did.
Then what Dallas did?
The Rangers offered better players.
Why did the Devil's didn't?
Because the guy that's now running the show, Doug Reisbrogg at fire.
Alcoats was afraid to pull the trigger.
I was talking last night to a hockey guy who told me that the general assays for the trigger.
Because there are a lot of us around here today who are right on the air.
In fact, I walked into building this morning.
I have never seen it.
There were like 50 people.
All the people associated with the AM in this building were sitting around getting preparing to play Russian who led.
The only problem is the guns were all fully loaded.
So that should paint a verbal picture for you how things are around here.
But anyway, he was selling Alcoats.
He was reluctant to make a trade.
And certainly, obviously, he trades him to Dallas when really there's no question that in the Eastern Conference alone with the Rangers and the Panthers and the Devils, he could have made a much better deal than the Confer.
Why would he want to trade him to somebody in his own conference anyway?
That's what they did.
They traded him Calgary and the Dallas Stars were in the same conference.
They played a nice game last night against the Penguins Calgary.
Seven to one.
They got blown out.
Anyway, you were asking me about tickets.
And why would you assume that I'm bringing tickets?
I already told you that because Jeff Moss said,
you tell me what day Rimmer is coming on and we'll have like a contest to see who's going to bring you the most tickets.
Which to me indicates probably like two or three pair of peace.
All the reason I came is I want to see what I could mooch off of you.
I mean, where's my gift for coming?
Yeah, we got to get to work.
We got your gift right over here, Rimmer.
Your gift will be Don Sherry on the phone at about 10, 15 minutes.
The best.
The best Don Sherry.
And what is that God awful show?
I was watching on KBL on Sunday night.
It's an old show where he's sitting in the bar and he had, he was interviewing Ron Sherry's grapevine.
Yeah, what is that?
It was two years old.
Well, they're re running the best of Don Sherry.
The best of.
We don't want no more.
Kind of like the best of this morning.
There he goes again.
More shots.
See if you want to suck your way back into this place,
which I know you're desperate to do, this ain't the way to do it.
Rimmer, I'll tell you that right now.
You might want to re-evaluate.
Yeah.
See, why not just for one time you say on the air what you tell me off the air.
That would be a first.
There's a first for everything like that pot fan guy.
But we'll get into that in a minute.
12.
12 minutes after your Microsoft, 12 after 10 at WYOD.
Jeff Rimmer, the voice of the Florida Panthers.
And by the way, I should mention,
the first place in the conference end in the league Panthers still because,
thank you New Jersey, they finally scored more than two goals last night.
Every 10 is great.
More than two goals.
They win a game.
Over time they beat the flyers.
All right.
Oh.
And you like that.
So thank you so much for still in first place in the league.
12 after 10 at WYOD.
I deal automotive and truck accessories has the biggest inventory of bedliners for your truck.
If you're packing up, they're going to get out of town.
Here's the way to do it.
Ideals price and selection on bedliners is the best in South Florida.
In fact, they'll beat anybody's price on bedliners.
Always over 2000 in stock, including new bodyguard cargo grip surface bedliner.
It's gripping this bedliners up to four times less likely to let cargo slip.
Then your regular smooth surface bedliner.
It increases the resale value of your truck and its resistant to products like gasoline,
chemicals and acid.
And you'll find that ideal automotive and truck accessories.
Ideals got that big one, baby, a 30,000 square foot show that is jam packed with everything you need
at wholesale prices, bug shields for cars and trucks, toolbox and accessories for your truck like running ports,
vizers like covers, they've got it all at 7.01 Northwest, 57th place in Fort Lauderdale.
So zip on over there or column tool free 1-800-621-6464.
1-800-621-6464.
Nobody beats their prices, nobody beats their selection.
Ideal automotive and truck accessories, they be the best.
So tell me, what's your secret this evening, my dear?
Is that when I got more pleasure from the sound of the siding and the trash man I was with?
Passing phones, 8vM till midnight, unused talk and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God, that damn faggot, I can't stand it.
Okay, 1016 at WID, so what we just saying about the Dees' prop vent, we got a real epidemic.
I want to talk to Chirri about this.
We have a real epidemic in hockey and I'm one of those people who's a real nut about listening and watching the hockey games
and have great respect for great broadcasters.
I don't want to get into a big thing about that.
But whether you're good, bad or indifferent, the jockocracy that Howard Cosell talked about,
where we got these ex-jocks who think that their God's answer to whatever the question is, no matter what it is,
and everybody wants to hear them.
We don't want to hear them and I know being the name dropper that you are,
you're always love talking about John Davidson, JD.
I want to salute Red Fisher, that old fart up in Montreal, ripped to an ass and hockey night in Canada over the weekend.
I saw it.
John Davidson is a big pile of turd.
I'm going to tell you the same thing.
See, when I come on the year, I tell you the same thing that I tell you on the phone.
I don't waffle.
I don't cover my bets.
I don't like to whip out and kiss ass.
John Davidson never shuts up.
That's horrific.
Sam Rosen ought to sue him for like, he should.
He ought to sue him.
He's killing this man.
JD is knowing around the National Hockey League as the premier analyst in the game.
He couldn't lick Harry Neal's ass.
Well, hey, that's your interpretation.
It's also subjective.
It's also subjective.
I think John Davidson from an information point of view is from an analytical point of view.
I think he's terrific.
I think he's great.
Yeah, of course he do because he's a personal friend of yours.
Even if he wasn't a personal friend of mine, I still think he was good.
He is so in a brawl.
He is very strong.
So in other words, no way to make things.
So in other words, you like as a play by play broadcaster yourself who's always whining to me on the phone.
A lot of people talking over you.
You like having the color guy, the ex-jot, talking while you're trying to describe the game.
Is that what you're just saying to me?
I think there's a time and a place for it.
Yeah, I think there's a time.
For talking when there's a lot of neutrals on play.
Right.
There's nothing wrong with coming in with a comment.
And that's the key.
But when you're incessantly talking and getting involved in a conversation that has nothing to do with the play,
there's a popters stand, a fairy told me the last week you got all over me.
Which fairy was that?
I don't know, but you know a lot of my guess.
That's what I hear.
The tooth fairy.
Yeah.
How's that?
Told me you got all over me because we were discussing what was going on on the other side of the race.
That's right.
That's the Boston Bruins game.
Got a two on one break.
We got a great chance to put the game away.
There wasn't a two on one break when we started discussing it.
But normally you were going to get nine times out of ten.
You're going to be able to complete what you want to get in.
But there is.
There's a lot of play by play guys that don't like any.
Any analytical commentary at all during the play by play when the whistle stops fine.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it at all.
And John Davidson and Sam Rosen I think are a terrific team.
I kind of like.
If you like hearing guys have a conversation that has nothing to do with watching the game.
If you enjoy somebody making the game exciting,
you also understand it's a television sport.
Yeah, it's not radio.
Now radio it's like don't have to play the play.
You don't have to do as much verbal.
I grant you you can see things.
You can like to do a little more diversion.
But nevertheless there are people watching.
There are people who are veteran fans who understand everything that's going on.
There are people tuning in for the first time every day.
You're trying to make the sport exciting.
You don't make it exciting when you're talking about Kaka.
So you're saying there's an epidemic going around the national hockey league right now.
I always say major epidemic.
I told you about Saturday night.
I'm watching the hockey night in Canada.
They're the least pounding the Kings by the way.
The least are winning every day.
I should mention it.
And Harry Neal who usually, and I just told you,
I think he's the best on color.
He's talking over Chris Cufford.
Now listen, Chris Cufford is, he could have been doing that morning show here this morning,
winning on the difference.
Chris Cufford is weak.
Okay, so it's bad enough that we get Bob Cole doing a Montreal game.
And we got to put up with Chris Cufford doing the leaves.
That's bad enough.
Harry Neal is talking while Leaf score a goal.
The man doesn't even get a chance to score the goal.
Later on in the game in the third period,
at this point it's four three Toronto.
You just told me Harry Neal was the best.
And I was saying he's talking while there was a goal.
Because he's catching the epidemic.
It's like, you know, no matter how good you,
it's no, it's like Ebola, no matter what a good person you are,
it's in the area you catch it.
And then later on in the third period,
it's only four three Toronto.
It's a tense game.
It's a tight game.
L.A. is making a big comeback.
And here is Ron McClain, another great guy.
But he's the studio guy.
And the game is going on.
He's interviewing Rob Blake of the Kings,
who's injured and not playing.
And they're talking while the game is going on.
Here's Paul D. Pietro scores the offense.
And the fifth would turn out to be the decisive goal in the game.
There's no call.
There is no call.
There's no anything.
And Ron McClain says,
here I am talking again when Chris you should be talking.
And he still doesn't stop.
He still goes on and finishes the interview.
How can you be interviewing the guy while the game is going on?
I guess the epidemic has continued right through,
not only hockey, but now the NFL.
They had the play by play, an outsourless game,
where they had Bradshaw.
But this show is so easy.
And Jimmy Johnson will show me that the peat,
the powers that be don't think they don't understand the importance of the great play by play broadcasters,
who can paint the picture either on radio or television.
They don't appreciate that.
They think that everybody wants to hear what the jocks have to say.
Like Paul McGuire, who's nothing but a big pile of crap,
a big buffoon who laughs at his own material.
Or Chris Collinsworth with that gravely voice, that one thinks that, you know,
maybe he's auditioning to be doing that nighttime sports show they got on Eric QA with that guy with the gravely voice.
I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
Well, I think there's got to be happy medium.
I understand what you're saying.
And there are a lot of hockey fans that I've talked to that agree with you.
But when there is neutral zone play and there doesn't seem to be a great flurry going on,
I see nothing wrong.
The great flurry.
He needs a haircut, by the way.
They had him on last night in the Pittsburgh, Calgary.
He's on the cover.
He needs a haircut.
Now, there's a great little player that somebody should get.
Calgary will never let him go, but there's a great little player.
They can't.
And they wouldn't let Newham Dyke go if he would have agreed to go back.
But they embarrassed him.
I understand he enjoyed hanging out with the guys at Cornell as the rumor that I get.
Well, he did enjoy hanging out with the guys.
Yeah, a little bit too much from what I understand.
No, that's not true.
How do you know that?
Well, it's just a joke, but right away you're defensive.
See, you're starting to succumb to all those pressures, all those stories again.
So anyway, we'll talk about Chris Moore for a moment when we come back.
That's it for you today.
What is it with you?
I'm trying to loosen you up a little bit because you're like, since you're loosening me up,
you're the guy that's all fired up today.
Not me.
I'm fine.
I was looking forward to coming in having a little fun.
I'm trying to divert my mental process from the internal things that are happening here.
Don't you look white as a ghost again.
It's a good thing we're not on television today.
You're wearing a blue shirt and your white in your match.
The movie of Christmas Carol with Alistair Sim.
I'm ready to put on that silly hat and the gown and start dancing around just to try to avoid the reality here,
which is a pretty ugly thing.
Okay, you got, we'll get Sherry on the phone.
And I'm going to give him really holy hell.
I give him holy hell, but he's got no power anymore.
He just talks a good game.
He doesn't get anything done.
I've got to ask him about his tirade against the Canadians and the fans in Montreal.
Oh, don't worry about that about the frogs.
Yeah.
About Mike Keen.
Okay, they get rid of Mike Keen, the ex-Captain.
Captains are flying out there.
If you don't speak French up there, if there's anybody down here that thinks bilingualism works,
just look at that election they had up there.
Just look at the whole Montreal-Clinic Canadian organization.
They had to bring in Pierre Turgion and all those frogs to satisfy them.
And anybody who dared to make a comment about it like Mike Keen was the last captain,
you're out.
Okay.
Kirk, Malar is out.
Mike Keen is out.
You got to have a flask for a captain, captain's including Guy Carbonel.
There's a Frenchman that got traded.
It's a frog.
It's a frog.
It's a frogfest is what it is.
Anyway, 1023 at WIOD.
And so what's the story on the tickets?
Because these people hang up.
They think you got free tickets for tomorrow night's game.
I guess I got to make your show.
So I brought 10 pairs to.
Oh, 10 pair.
Okay.
You can be sure that the goofball never match that.
No chance.
1020 pairs for tomorrow night.
I also want to mention, if you like Jeff Moss, he'd be lucky to have one pair.
But that's another story.
This is a feather in your cap.
You realize, remember when we last time we were out, we gave away the icebreaker?
Yeah.
Which was a six ticket voucher.
You do.
And you didn't even understand.
And the John Van Vee's book autograph right?
Well, John's not very happy with you right now.
Because he's had to sign quite a few pucks.
Yeah.
They have sold a ton of the icebreakers.
And by the way, they will stop selling them as of Christmas.
So still time.
Yeah, you still got like five days.
That's a great holiday.
You won a hundred gold fans.
Like, call up one eight hundred go pant.
And by that icebreaker package, which we'll tell you more of it, that's like for six games.
And it's with the puck and all the other six tickets, not six games.
Are you going to start again admitting that you don't understand what it's for?
It's not for six games.
It's six tickets for one game, or you can use.
Well, unless you're going by yourself, you can use it for six games.
Or three games or three games.
But those tickets, six tickets, you said six games.
It can be.
We have a lot of anti-entipers.
You're going by yourself.
People in the audience, it go by themselves.
Okay.
Cut the crap.
Okay, 1024 at WIOD.
We still, as this station's still on the air.
We're not.
George says we're not on the air.
So don't take it too serious.
If you're short on holiday cash, need to buy Christmas presents.
Where are you going to get the money?
Right?
Here's the answer for you.
I'm glad you asked.
Fast dot alons.
They're your one solution whenever you need cash fast.
If you've got three in clear title of your car, fast dot alons could put 2500 bucks in your pocket today.
Don't be fooled by the imitators wind up paying way too much interest.
Fast dot alons isn't a pawn shop.
You don't pay them some gigantic balloon payment.
And you're sure as hell don't sign over the title of your car.
Fast dot alons just has a lien on your title.
You drive the car.
You get the cash.
That's the way it works.
No embarrassing credit checks.
No long approval process to sit around waiting on.
So call now for instant approval.
And the cash will be in your hands within 24 hours with special holiday rates.
Will you need the money for a month for a year for a lifetime fast dot alons is fully licensed by the Florida Department of Finance.
And they participate in BBB care.
That's a program administered by the Better Business Bureau of South Florida.
Three convenient locations soon to be for.
They're in Broward.
They're in Dade.
They're in Palm Beach.
Call them today.
Get some money in your hand.
1 899 10 fast 1 899 10 FAST.
This is Rick Riley.
I'm going skiing in steamboat Springs, Colorado, February 17th through the 24th.
I'd love to have you come with me.
So let's go pick up the phone, make the call to Peter Glenn travel and come on out to steamboat with us.
Check this out.
You're going to be getting round trip air to Denver bus transfer to steamboat accommodations at the ranch.
It's an absolutely gorgeous place with an outdoor heated hot tub, cool sauna plus a five day lift to get to ski steamboat's champagne powder and an on mountain barbecue and an astar race with trophies and awards.
All of this starting at just $999 but hurry up seats are going fast time is running out.
Call Peter Glenn travel today at 1 800 fun to ski.
That's 1 800 fun to ski and make sure you don't get left behind.
Get your reservations now.
Call 1 800 fun to ski.
That's 1 800 fun.
The number 2 SKI.
He's going to come for the snowman.
610 WIO D.
Set your pager to vibrate.
This is your ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Moles and hockey diving Canada on CBC.
Brought to you by Moles and exports.
Next says it all.
By board of Canada where quality is job one it's working by imperial oil and
decimal associates proud to be one of the leading sponsors of you conkey in Canada.
And by CBC got a habit.
Okay we like to balance things out a little bit.
We got one guy here that's a buckessier and don't tell it like it is.
We got another guy we think we better balance it out and get grapes on here.
Don Cherries here who doesn't kiss but and does tell it like it is most of the time.
I knew he that team all the Canadians down there have got killed right now.
I tell you that's one of the greatest teams of all time.
It really is and I can remember Bill Hewitt.
I want to put that bug in here again.
I remember him coming out of here.
Yeah sure do but of course you don't have been a hall of fame yet.
You know I give you an easy assignment.
Well did I remind you.
You're not?
No.
Well that's because you've made too many enemies that's your problem.
Hey grapes get this guy off my back.
Get this guy off my back.
Okay now listen I know good like it is right now.
That's right grapes and I had the only two in America in North America that tell it like it is now.
Oh now you're being nice to him.
You're stuck another wolf.
I got an important guy out of home.
You're being nice to him and sucking up to him.
You're ready to carve him last week.
Wait till I get cherry on you.
I'm going to straighten him off.
Now you're saying is the only guy that tells it like it is.
I'm shutting this mic off.
Good.
Good.
So anyway I was just talking about his good friend JD John Davidson.
He loves dropping names.
You know his good buddy JD.
I know that JD you think every now and then is full of crap.
And of course he keeps talking through the game and poor Sam Rosen's got to put up with that stuff.
And now I told him or it's catching because Saturday night I'm watching the Leafs game and you guys are out there with Los Angeles.
Harry is talking over poor Chris Cuffer.
You know it's bad enough we got to put up with Chris Cuffer.
We want Bob Cole doing the Leafs.
We don't want him doing no frog games.
We want him on the Leafs.
So we got to put up with Chris Cuffer.
Harry is talking over while the Leaf score the first two goals.
Then Ron McClain is talking to Bob Rob Blake there when D.P. Echro scores the goal.
Now what the hell is going on here?
Get these old jocks off the air already.
Doesn't matter Nioh.
Doesn't matter at all.
Longest coaches quarter is free.
That's right.
I want to watch the game.
Yeah.
Well we figured we talked about the frogs today.
That's one of the things.
The coaches corner a week not this past Saturday.
I'm telling D.P. Echro this the other day when I called them to invite them on your show deal.
The show before this last Saturdays was one of the best.
One of the all-time classics.
And I guess you got a little fly-com to that one.
You better hang on to your seat tight grapes.
The suction's starting already.
Wait a minute.
They're all good.
They're just a better and others.
Okay. Well that one was better.
That one was a lot better.
And I'll tell you what you went after the fans in Montreal.
You went after Rayshawn-ul and you went after Mario Tromblitt.
But I was a little disappointed you still haven't used the word frog yet.
You're coming close with that Todd Todd the frog but you still aren't using the frog yet.
Well when I was the guy that started Pat Roy I don't understand them.
I never heard of Rob Rogers.
I'll tell you that.
Rob Rogers.
Yeah they're so fun.
I mean this is one of the greatest stories in the last 10 years.
It's unbelievable.
And when are you guys going to get out already?
When are you going to learn we got the best coach going?
Absolutely.
And you're going to be on the all-star team as you can believe that.
I was there in the league seven years never made it one.
Because he's going if they end up first place to conference he can be in the all-star.
That's right.
I wonder if he'll come up with his own video now challenge you.
Oh never know.
You can't nobody touches that one.
We're over 200,000 this year.
Unbelievable. Rockham Sockham Seven.
Yeah.
You haven't sent Neil and I are copies yet.
Hey.
You haven't sent Neil and I are copies.
Yeah. If you and Neil I'll get you one.
It's just it's just so busy up here that you know how that is.
But Scott Melody 36 point you guys know that Jody Hall must have a team
leads the league in shooting for steady.
There you go.
Jody Hall is God.
I've been saying that all along.
These guys don't know what they know what it's all about.
I'll tell you they've been you got character guys through the end of that.
Gordy Murky.
Yeah. You guys ought to get a little bit more on us Panthers on it.
Hockey night in Canada.
Oh.
Teach some of those guys up there a little bit.
What about a great hockey teams all about.
And the fact that you don't have to pay guys millions of dollars to play well either.
A great you know this guy's being so nice to you today.
Now one thing you know about me when I tell you something honor off the
air it's going to be the same.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Now hang on.
Hang on.
Last week he's saying to me.
He said to me.
I'm going to let me finish here every time he's finished.
I'll be going to hang on a second here.
Hang on.
Yeah.
Let me just I'm going to dig a whole living.
Hey.
What was it of this one here.
He says wait till we get grapes on because now I think Clip lectures listening too much
to grapes.
We've got Bonsartner.
Too many in time.
Dole me and and dummy and all these other guys before Mumssa scored the two goals in that
one game.
Osea.
The love of the guy like from the Mumsco and how about Paul D Pietro.
That's great.
That's a great story.
D Pietro comes back from like oblivion and scores right off the bat and the kids doing good.
But anyhow, let's get back to you guys.
No, let's talk about the Leafs for just a second.
We'll get back to them.
We'll get back to them in a minute.
But how about giving our Leafs a little bit of credit.
There's seven games over 500.
They don't have that great of a personnel.
But Pants got them playing pretty good.
Well, there's a couple of them.
And Pants that long.
It's Pants that day.
And David Rhodes.
I don't understand why somebody does block this guy.
He's better than him.
He's damn good.
Back up goal tender and he gets in every third game.
I don't understand why somebody doesn't make a big difference.
Your Bruins could use them.
Yeah, the Bruins could use them.
That's for more.
They might as well just have an empty net.
The Bruins, they got no goal tender.
I felt sorry for Blaine Locker.
Yeah.
He exploded after the game.
That didn't seem to work with almost lots of games.
You know, he's second year in the league.
You don't start giving Boston reporters.
Heck, they'll remember and they'll get them.
That was after the Florida game.
Yeah.
And he said we came back and almost got even in that game.
He's also the same goalie that told Dunn or Jerry Chievers.
He was struggling for a while.
Chievers, the Hall of Famer, your former goalie.
Chievers went to help the kid out and said, hey, listen, the game's changed.
Thanks.
I know you're a Hall of Famer, but no thanks.
That's exactly what he told them.
That's what he told them last year.
He said, you don't have to help me.
I know how long you'd have played for you.
I can't imagine a match to what Chievers thought of that guy.
He was pretty pissed off.
Well, I would imagine.
I never heard that would be for him.
Hey, you hear a lot of things.
So let's get back to this.
I mean, I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
I think it's a big problem.
Well, it's absolutely right.
And what about the guy in Denver?
He said that he actually said this in the hot news
that if he has a choice between an English guy and a French guy,
he choose the French guy, but change in one bit.
They've got a PR guy out here that's French.
You can't speak English.
Figure that one out.
What do they do all around?
They think they're still in Quebec, is that it?
That's it.
And you know, it's totally,
a lot of all in what's the absolute guy.
He's the guy that stood up in the dress room and said,
look, OK, the trade's there.
Let's start up.
And let's start playing hockey.
And he's the leader on this club,
but unfortunately, his first name's about Pierre,
so he was not the captain.
Here you're absolutely right.
Nobody says that up here.
I mean, they're absolutely afraid.
Believe it or not, we've got three French guys with Mrs. Saga.
We've got French guys all over the place,
30, nori, west mud,
4 billion bucks for the three French guys with Mrs. Saga.
It's unbelievable.
First, the new, the two parties that we got running out here
both, both their names are draw, so figure it out.
And by the way, speaking of Pat Royce,
since the avalanche got him, which I predicted this,
because I think he's washed up.
They're not winning any games anymore.
Well, through the mouth a little, that's all you need.
You got to roll in the line.
You could do the same thing at 4 to throw like something
that's great, food under something like that,
just throw that little chemistry out.
They're not going to trade, food under.
Well, I know they're not.
I just said that, like a character guy.
And if they did something like that,
throw that chemistry off and you're done.
Speaking of trades, how about this new and dyke deal?
You can't tell me sitting here that there are a number of teams,
including the Leaves, Neil Rogers, Maple Leaves,
and the Florida Panther, and the Devils,
and the Rangers that couldn't have come up with a better deal
than what Dallas has done in getting Joe new and dyke.
Well, I'd say a new dyke is one of those guys at center.
He could turn the whole franchise around,
but what happens in the Calgary that's fitting there,
they've got to make the playoffs, those crowds that are there,
and nobody's coming up with a better deal.
I mean, when you got a gun to your head like that,
the same thing is no very in New York Islanders.
He's got a gun to his head, and they're like sharks, the GMs.
They just sit away until your week's performance.
So I guess they better get something for him before the deadline.
Well, they made the trade last night.
I don't know if you heard it,
but they picked up a kid from Cam Loops,
who was a number one pick out of Dallas last year.
Obviously a future.
He's not going to help them make the playoffs.
And Cory Millen, who Dallas didn't even bring up from the minors
until the last week or two.
I mean, that trade, it's stich.
The catch is the guy that's the big deal.
You know, that's the...
Hey, you got to do something.
It's the old deal that says,
it's better to have somebody there than nobody there,
and if they don't get going soon,
they won't make the playoffs, and you know and hockey.
If you don't make the playoffs here,
and keep, keep, keep, keep, trouble fight athletes.
Well, Alcoats, I think, sealed his own fate
as the future general manager in Calgary with that grade.
They're not going to make the playoffs.
They're going nowhere.
That came they played against Pittsburgh last night.
They might as well have stayed home.
They didn't even show up.
Pretty rough.
You know, when you have guys like that out,
and you just, you just lost too many guys.
You did not want to let auto go.
And when you let out the kid at goal,
you can see they were going down the pipe.
And if you started that stuff, burdened goal.
You didn't want to pay the big money,
and then when you don't want to pay the big money,
it's points anymore.
You're going to end up alive.
Then I'll tell you they're playing no defense.
This Trevor Kiddles, that he looked like he was in a game
playing the game by himself, man.
It was an ugly thing to watch,
especially when you're playing those penguins.
Well, nobody's going to, those, those, those,
if they're in the mood to play,
and they want to play, and perhaps the reggae starts coming through,
they're going to be in the finals,
but sometimes they just show up.
They're not ready to play, but boy, boy,
can they put on a clinic if they want to go?
You bet.
Okay, hang on a second, grapes.
We're going to do a little break.
We'll come right back down, cherries here,
and the Jeff Remors here to hold his hand.
It's 21 till 11 at WIOD.
You're going to love it now more than ever.
It's the new Pompidopark Racing
for the thrill of excitement of live,
harness racing action and nightly full-card
simulcasting from your favorite tracks.
Come visit Pompidopark Racing.
Now racing, you'll be Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
like tonight, with first post-time 730.
This Friday night's co-features will be the Philly and Mir open pace
and the open trot for a full-lites worth of valuable entertainment.
Start off at the top of the park restaurant.
Get yourself a grade.
Neil, enjoy beautiful Panorama, give it a skyline,
and plunge your brains out.
Come check out South Food's nighttime hotspot for food,
for fun excitement, take I-95,
or the turnpike to the Atlantic Boulevard exit
that's out to Powerline Road.
For good times, good food and great racing,
it's the new Pompidopark Racing.
And the best news is, Jackie Lee won't be there.
The opinions expressed by the host guests are callers on WIOD.
You're not necessarily those of the station or its concerts.
All WIOD programs are copyright 1995,
by WIOD Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created
or distributed without prior written consent
and WIOD Incorporated.
This is Mike Brophy, senior writer with the hockey news.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Can't wait to get in the clear glass!
Go in and in, go!
Okay, so we got a little bill, you and I,
near to try to put the plant to see the Gensurri's mind again
to get him in the Hall of Fame and quit postponing me inevitable, you know?
Well, I do the best I can.
I'm not too popular with the Hall of Famers as remember Gose,
but I'll do my best.
If I put the word in for me, won't make it secure.
Yeah, it sounded like you got Neil Rogers Syndrome.
Yeah.
So what did you know?
What happened to me?
Rimmer said to me, you know, every time you're out with Sherry,
you never play one of my calls in one of those great calls
of Panthers Corolley's schools.
Where are we going?
I'll go play in a Jeff Rimmer call of one of those great goals.
I said, today's the day I'm going to do it.
So, Sherry can hear some of your great work.
First great example of what behind the goal, Linda's piece
from you and it cares the night out.
Sam from the far side.
Into the bucket branches.
Now back to Sam from the middle of you around with that.
You turned around and shoot some Garstow me to save on it.
There he is, now back one more time.
The view again and settles in.
Those the branches released you with no the yaw.
You want to see he's going to teach you your six.
Ten Hall of Fame, he called for a yacht call cigarette.
So he smoked them like a band cigar.
You leave yaw and go like that one on one.
You will burn you with a Thai hockey guy.
Yaw, very yaw.
He's starting to sun more like Mike Lang all the time.
And he grapes.
When I hear stuff like that, I want to absolutely weak.
You know what I mean?
I hear this guy, he doesn't like to do all the stuff like that.
Where did it go, grapes?
I love you, grapes.
I knew this was set up ahead of time.
It wasn't set up.
How much was the check for?
How much did he send you to save it?
I can't see.
Look, hockey, I know all the stuff was coming in with satin on our heads.
And we're pretty soon we're going to be able to go like,
boom, we're going to have little midgets running around.
That's Chris Moore does that.
Chris Moore does that.
He already says that.
I just, you know, baseball has been the same since the 1800s.
We make more road changes.
We have guys coming in.
How about this one, River?
Fail to hold the zone.
I like the one, yeah, it's lateral movement.
That means sideways, keep the puck in, I guess.
Reverse, throw.
I mean, that means he's turning, come back.
How about this one, the harder round?
Oh, the harder round, yeah.
Sounds like something sexual to me.
Yeah.
She'll sit down on a harder round.
I don't want to tell you, River's the one that says that one by the way.
I don't like the one where they say the top's gold.
I don't like that.
Well, that's another sex thing, see?
That's that's pot-ven again, Denise.
That's great.
Graves, Graves, let's get serious here for a minute.
You're coaching and then this is object.
You're coaching in the national hockey league today.
Yeah.
And this takes over for a debate that Neil and I had last time I was in here.
You're coaching in the NHL today.
You have your choice as your number one center.
Lindros or Lumieu.
Who do you take?
I'll take Lindros.
All right.
All right.
I'm your first, you know, I've been had before in my life.
But this is the biggest setup I have ever been putting the middle of in my life.
No way, not a setup.
The last time I got set up like this was those Cambridge diet takers.
They've came in and they set up all the calls at the time.
That's like 15 years ago for crying out loud.
This thing is all planned.
It's all scripted.
I can't believe even Chery's got a price.
I can see that.
First of all, the eight second of all the back.
And Lindros is the complete package.
There's a lot.
There hasn't been a lot.
A guy come along like him.
Big trucks hit fight block shots.
Four goals set up.
All right.
Let's put the question a little bit different.
Right now, forget about who you'd rather have for the long run.
Right now, who's playing the best in league?
Well, I'd have to say Mario when he plays right now.
There's no doubt about it.
No doubt about it.
Lindros has been heard a couple of times.
Yeah.
He could hit her and block and shot for that one thing.
Mario will never be.
I'm going to say Mario scored a goal last night.
I don't know if you saw that goal.
I'm a beauty.
I'm sorry, the highlights.
It's about the third time I've seen him.
He's behind the red line.
It's an impossible angle.
And somehow he slides it across that red line.
And just it just curves into that.
I don't know how anybody's not the long-range.
No, that was, he's done pretty cool.
And he's done it three times once against the Panthers.
Right.
Bobby Orr said that he's never seen a guy.
He's the best he's ever seen.
He's still wise.
Maybe not the best player.
But still wise, he's the best he's ever seen.
That was when Bobby didn't look in the mirror.
That's all it's.
Yeah.
But he's got skills.
He made a move on board two years ago that for a Raymond Bork,
Alstub, Norris, I'm not putting them up.
And he put him, he was throwing himself right into the ice.
Remember that one where he give me some, come back and walk around.
And he does things that is unbelievable.
He was a floater.
The first two or three years, he would definitely was a floater.
But he went to Team Canada and he saw Dreski and he saw Tocke.
Right, and guys like that showed up every night.
That's when he turned into a hockey player.
Well, you know there's some guys you talk about Bobby or there are some guys in this time.
I don't want to say who they'd like to pretend that Denise Pocvin was a better defenseman than Bobby Orr.
Well, and to the, I'm not not the Pocvin.
He was tough two, and he could put the pocket in, and he could make plays,
and he could block shot, he could do well out.
But you put him in the same class with Bobby.
I put him right on right behind Bobby.
He would be fine.
I'm not talking to be fit but I'm talking what I don't think Bobby want to have him right behind them
Well listen if you could have you see we've been and you talked to Danny and he could say I'm right up close door
It's pretty good search the bar said there's a player star super star to them that would probably or there you go
Speaking of Sir Savard I read yesterday that he was
Interviewed for the Ottawa General Manager's job
I
Was that again was Rose got you doing some
Uh, I'm not gonna have me. You want me to put up the Christmas tree? Oh, well, we're gonna have to let you go ahead
What was that again about the third by I was gonna say sir Savard the story was I read it yesterday in the Boston Globe that he was
At least interviewed and being considered for the GM job in Ottawa before they hired Pierre Goach in
Well, I don't
Third I talked to third after the thing he was up here got fired and he was a way so bad and he's this guy is
River will tell you is a millionaire
He doesn't need that aggregation. I'll tell you that right now
But that'd be good because again you have to have a French guy in Ottawa because Paul's right across the river
And they're trying to get the French people if you then that's why they give Diego
12.5 million
Most overrated player in the game most overpaid player. Oh, whoever in the history of
Yep, and in the meantime, they're not drawn flies in there and they're gonna build that big a bigger arena and
There's still not gonna draw flies. Let's they got a product
Okay, let's do it and I want to hear more about Florida the hockey night in Canada
So all these people all over the world with their satellite dishes can hear what a great team and a great coach
We got
Boolean, you know, he went under a judge. I'm a clean one under a very pocket in that job because everybody said I'm gonna say it
So he reached it got it was that Brian Murray is this friend and
That's why he got it and yeah, I got sucked into that thing. That's what I believe yeah
And if somebody said well Brian got him because then he could fire him a little and then he can back coach it again
I guess he showed them all
Jovenosky I'm telling you this guy. He is one of my favorite players the guy come down that last type boy
In his side and when he hits he's like you know, you might be a blind Ross in a way
He hits a heart. He just doesn't hit that you know hits the hits
He's pressed everybody. I want a great kid loves to play the game grapes always with a smile on his face
And I had to laugh one time when he was in the final two years ago
They brought all the first rounders down and I say remember you remember this I put them on coaches quarter and
And Fort Taylor's created said it must have been a real thrill to meet Mark Messier
You know after the company's gone all the real thrill was going on coach's corner was great
That's true that's why I love it. That's why you love Mike. I know there was another reason
I'm not you're not too big on those Europeans but this kid rad act vorac this kid's gonna be a star
Well, I took my claim that he's a tough kid. I see Jack comparatively speaking
So we won't put an idea. He's not that but
The playoffs come around is then you get to get Harry Parker plus 14 all of anybody
He's got a lovely blend here. You anybody wants to school around you can fall long
He can create the most and everybody talks about the beast rock and I and he is a
G-1471
But I never hear anybody talking about this Patrick
Yeah, I don't know anybody he's played phenomenal
That's right. You did both see they only named they know down here
Unfortunately, he's Van Beesbrook because they like the sound of it, but Fitzpixie's played great too
But and of course all this stuff about the Europeans it must make your blood boil when you watch those red wings out there
Well again great regular season. We don't know if they'll choke into playoffs
But they put that all Russian line those five Russian guys out there you must be going nuts
Well first of all you got Park Coffee a thousand points can't make it powerfully figured out one out and all I got to say when I was
I was on a deep red talk station flashpoint
flashpoint and
Remember what I was talking about
Police poluzzo and the K a through the mode against those European
They didn't say how to get cattle fraud to get them on the ice
And you got it you got to have you got to have character guys I know the Europeans you got to have pop in the gold set
But in the playoffs take a look at the guys that come true in the playoffs all the time
Now one guy's on Detroit. You can't get on the ice sister. Really?
Yeah, well, there's another thing I knew we never get true
I never knew we never get to the whole hour without rumor getting sister relis name in there at once
They've been fighting just you got there. You know, you don't go. You know, it's got he fought before they got there
I
Can hear the guy that's your best playoff guy was that they were he if they all played like he did in the playoffs like you're
They might have won a Stanley Cup. Thank you very much. Okay, we're gonna let you go
But let me just make your prediction right now put you on the spot. Who do you like in the finals?
I like Detroit hit the bird in the finals and you won't believe this river
Nothing I was almost what I said wrong most time of play at the very opening
He had a you know how you have a talking. He's got about a minute to go or something
You got to fill right off the bat before the season started the first team
He says who's gonna win the Stanley Cup and who's gonna be in the final
So I guys what do you think it has even started? You got to tell me right now
I said Detroit hit bird with Detroit winning it and that was before
They do you know and you think I am a
Basic you think this is the year they're finally gonna forget how to choke is that what you say?
This is the year they're gonna tell you choke
But I'll tell you my favorite team to watch I got to stay right now is Chicago
I'll tell you something boy. You're not doing very good. Well when they if something moves on the ice
Yeah, they come to play at
Probert is playing the best you ever played his life
But I'm gonna tell you Eddie the Eagle man pretty shaky the update is not playing very well in the game
The Eagle they got to get to hack it in there. Eddie the Eagle he had 29 shots in game and lost some both
Then he's for kids that sometimes in a in a period right away. This is Belford
I said this along he plays when he wants to play you got to get Hacker in there
He's one of the last three a grapes. What's your prediction for the Panthers in the playoffs?
I it's all depends again
He's go back you know that these are of this Patrick if you have it and your injury
You guys got a team that you can't have two or three injuries
You have two or three serious injuries that is fine or you know what it's a little different though here
And and this is something you can talk about on hockey night in Canada a little different with the Panthers because they don't have a
Superstar and Doug McLean can roll four lines and when it gets to the playoffs things tighten up defensively
The Panthers can play that well
They've got a decent back line and they've got as you mentioned here a couple of times
They've got great goal tending so they're going to be in the playoffs now if they played 500 from here on in
They're in the playoffs and the fact of the matter is anything as you well know as coach of the Bruins anything can happen to the playoffs
Well, that's true, but the only thing I see about Florida
They haven't been there before and sometimes when a team like that makes the playoffs they say
Oh, this is their family cup. You've seen that before
They think it's not enough just to make the playoffs. They got to talk us up up there. Will you please?
I'll do our best. Okay. Thanks. I didn't have a great holiday grapes and we'll talk to you soon. Okay, say how to rose
1056 at W I O D
Did you know you can buy a dolphin football helmet for just 999?
It's true
It even has the dolphins official logo on it. What's more? It's the most delicious football?
How many you've ever come into contact with that's because this football helmet is the newest ice cream cake from Carvelle
It's shaped like a helmet decorated with the dolphins logo and handmade of rich delicious ice cream
You're participating Carvelle ice cream bakery your favorite supermarkets got up for only 999 and with proof of purchase
You can send in for a free spiral football to look for the Carvelle football helmet
Cakes at your participating Carvelle ice cream bakery or your favorite supermarket
They're only 999 so pick up a bunch for the holidays
No, forget to send in for that free spiral football too the Carvelle football helmet
But it's at your Carvelle ice cream bakery right now because Carvelle believes everything should be made of ice cream even dolphin football helmets
You've watched the Weather Channel cable network
You'll see messages touting 610 W I O D
As the radio station with the best news traffic and weather
The Weather Channel knows and that's why they called us
No fan came weather baves here
Weather pros on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
Okay, we're almost up on the news now which I never ever do that
But in the case when you got grapes on a phone you don't munk around monkey around a cut a short and it's real fast
Dating to see like I said when your head you admitted you say okay
I've been head I know this was a setup deal during the break now. We're admitted
He sent a nice check up there and I saw it a check that he didn't
Nothing up the record bike laying a big ass. Oh give a song and I answer about Eric Landruss and you know everybody's got their place
The emotional stability is not what it's cracked up to be
W I O D. I am Fort Lauderdale
News talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
