Oh that no matter how much you spent others Joe Zagaki. Oh God
How could anybody put his push on TV, you know
At a boy Kurt look at that Kurt Abbott alright just over his glove
It looks like a triple to me to Marlon's kick their ass tend to two they're unbeatable at home
So anyway, what was I just saying?
30 day guarantee. Oh, yeah about 30 day guarantees on crap because most of us are like even at god damn juice
I bought from that phony juicy man on TV on an infomercial. I think that was like about a two or three hundred dollar item
Used it once it broke and stuck it in the goddamn closet. I got it right now anybody want it
In the same way that stupid pasta maker that goddamn Ron Popeel thing which it does work
I mean if you want like you know if you like eating shoelaces with the pasta sauce really weak
And he used it a couple of times and then it goes into goddamn covered somewhere around the trash
Because they know that almost everybody is too lazy and they're not gonna save the box
They're not gonna pack it all up. They're not gonna send it back
It just ain't gonna happen very very rare. They got all the statistics on it. They know
So when you get crappy service or when you have problem like the thing on the plane with all little kids
You don't sit down or write a letter say hey by the way
I'm you know
I may not be one of your medallion level members that flies 80 million miles a year
But I happen to be a frequent flyer fly a lot of miles spend a lot of goddamn money with your bankrupt airline
How about you know butching up a little bit?
For example, I stayed in a hotel this weekend in Boston that I stay at fairly often
Not a cheap hotel pretty expensive as a matter of fact put me in a room the size of a broom closet
And I'm not exaggerating man. I thought I was out of the closet this weekend
I felt like I'd gone back in small tiny
Now they haven't their computers. They know how often you stay there
They know if you're regular or not and they you know
So if I were smart I'd call them up like today when I get home and say hey you want me to stay there again?
No more posted stamp size room because you know there's no way in the world that they're sold out
You know you punch the elevator no problem the old up and down. It's right there in a second
That place is empty and they stick in a goddamn place for a 180 bucks a night
You could seriously you could stick up room in a TV and that's about it
Here's West Kendall. Hello
West Kendall
Okay, good listen my girlfriend and I got back from Vegas. Yeah, four nights five days. Yeah, it was incredible
Where'd you stay?
Yeah, and it was hadn't been there in 17 years. Oh my god. Oh, man. That city is you haven't been there in 17 years
You didn't recognize almost anything exactly correct
But listen, some things didn't change the people were were nice. They were no snops no horn honking
And I don't know what it is with this town, but what can I tell you?
Did you see the thing that they're doing downtown on Fremont Street by the way? No, we didn't go downtown
Well, it's not done yet, but in December
They're gonna have the whole thing done what they're doing is they're closing the Fremont Street and Tarely
And they're making it like a big walking mall and enclosed and they're gonna have all these light shows at night
It's gonna be phenomenal. They're really butching up the downtown
You know, there's so much to do in that city. I mean we could have stayed two weeks and done different things
And one thing that I noticed we went into several different hotels and each hotel has has a different atmosphere
You know everything for I mean a little bit of something different for everybody
But I mean, oh this town desperately needs a town like Vegas. Please. Yeah hold your breath pal
Yeah, but anyway take it easy pal and thanks for all the good suggestions
Okay, hang on tight. Bye. See you
Just hang on tape baby wait another two three hundred years. We'll get it down here man
The Indians they're doing it. They're sticking and all kinds of stuff where the hell was it?
What was I reading about some place where I think it's in Massachusetts that I was reading in the globe yesterday
they want to put in all the permuchels are trying to get like
I forget how many like 500 to a thousand slot machines put in because
They want to compete with the Indian gambling thing that they got going and I think that they're going to get it too
Because they want the Indians want to keep them happy and keep them shut up and keep selling a pedaling all their crap and they're bingo under casinos and their
stale cigarettes
But not here baby not here because this continues to be a real place
The date lines all open five two four and a brow we got two of those open seven five one and date all three of them
In other words, we're dying over here now
Two and a half hours though not too bad for a Monday not too bad on a Monday when the kids are all going out to the
We only talked about
4,725 different guide damn things everything from Brian Wilson the kids that puked on your shoes and a guide name airplane and you name it in between and the main time every line and date is wide open
751 and 2 and Broward and if you think I'm getting excited about your wrong cuz lunch is coming
It's always show up for lunch in occasional paycheck and that's about it and guess what nobody gives a crap because there ain't nothing going on inside this building
I mean
Nothing Zippity do da nero is up there fiddling and Rome is burning
You know there's two kinds of people in the world today those in management and those of us who have to work for them
Those on the internet and those who are not I guess is what we're trying to get at wake up because it's
1995 maybe in fact it's almost over get online right now
Would you rather be online or get online or stand online the information super highway is here
But where do you go? Who do you call you might be asking? How do you get on top of it? Here's how I'll draw you map
Call i gc internet gateway connections at 305 430 30 there south florida's internet experts
They can set you up on the internet for as little as 1750 a month
They can show you all the fun things you can do if you or your business require more bandwidth than a 28.8k connection
The i gc experts can provide you with various connection solutions including sdn and t1 services
If you've never been on the internet
What are you waiting for because if you want to be in today if you want to be one of those little nerds
You got to do it call 430 30 30 for a one week free subscription
Serving the nets made easy when you call the internet experts at i gc internet gateway connection serving daybroward and
Palm Beach counties sign up today and be sure and ask when you call how you get that one week for free on the net
305 430 30
610 W IOD a symphony of words in a very strange key
It's happening this weekend at the Miami Convention Center the Miami drug dealer and gun show
Thousands of dealers will be on hand to meet all your blessed thirsty knee you can save lots of dollars on millions
Perhaps even billions of knives
Gooseies straight sweepers and military genitalia. I mean in military meat movie stars like josephine the actor who played hitman willy
Cheachy and the godfather that's right. We want a bufus
We're buffers over here. We will buff us try the all you can eat the olba fame provided by Demsys
It's the best in the city test your accuracy if you shoot the tourists target our day drop the kids off at the free gun cleaning
Class of children and visit the redneck penis enlargement boots enter the janitorino look alike content sample the goods at drug dealers corner
See the latest in gun technology like the crevorky and dental floss 38 special shooter doctor at the Bible
sponsored by the NRA and go belly boarding in the artificial way of blood
You'll have tons of fun with guns and it's all legal only five dollars to bribe the cop at the door kids are free
The Miami drug dealer and gun show
It's not just a show
It's a
Okay, so here's a facts from rich pacti
1234 w.i.o.d
And also i brought a note down here want to make sure somebody called i was asking who the tv announcer is for the cleveland Indians
Don't we ever get any information that's right anymore or this audience has slipped to an all-time low all ten of them
It's john sanders is the guy herbs score does the indians on radio at least he did maybe he still does
I don't know and i don't care
But john sanders is the guy who's the play by play guy for the indians on sports channel cleveland
He is so bad
So boring so coma inducing they got a great team an exciting team and they got this asshole john sanders the all-time worst makes j-randolf sound like god
They're in bob prints and mel alan rolled into one john sanders you blow
Here's a lady in jensen v chillow
How you doing pretty good how are you okay can barely hear you show going pretty good yeah
I just have a couple opinions. I mean i'm young
But i'm believe that women they shouldn't be in the army or anything like that. Yeah, I mean it's ridiculous
I mean they should have stopped it when they went to the police academy and and
Crap like that. Yeah
But I just want to give you my opinion
Okay, great day your phone it blows a whole phone system blows. I say let's blow up the goddamn phone system and start from scratch
In fact, there was what calls we got on there now we might as well start that right this second two open lines and day
7 5 1 are we done? I mean if we're finished just tell me and i'll play Brian Wilson to a clock
Okay, please don't lead me on with the occasional caller to hear like a little tease if we're all done
Just let me know okay because i'll be more than happy to put on the brine Wilson
I got the whole album here all the cuts will play him over and over again
I'm putting it all down in the car like you like he looked last night
This is what's america's all about man talk about the jaded god damn remember and no wonder they're all lined up for windows 95
Anything just so we don't have to watch that god damn brine Wilson thing on uh disney last night
And disney's put it on no less way till they bring back Mickey mouse with the Alzheimer's that's going to be a lot of fun for the whole family
Here's Miami on the purple line hello, hey Neil great show. Yes, sir
um Wayne Arnold got a meatlover special
Yeah eggs bacon burgers and uh he had your radio show on today the lady at the counter was I could just plug it in yeah
And uh ashen vice it was time to start listening to him again
Turn it off the jukebox turn your radio on and you were coming on
Well good to wait man. I think that's gonna put me over the top
Thanks for the good news paling. Okay, don't the lay off the meat
We have an open line on the purple line pound iod we got one in the brown we go on and date
We got four green lines. We got the seven on the uh a pink line there looking out for the lavender lines are loose
They're on the loose baby to loose lot trex
You know what i mean
Boy in shooting released girl star starts house fire burn detective critical
Pilot pull from ocean other than that it's just another god damn damn paradise the one thing that
Nobody has talked about including anything else is the fact that there was one little posse just because i go away for the weekend
You think i'm missing what's going on wrong what day was this this is oh it's yesterday's yesterday's sun sentinel buried
This should be a big story but of course because it's something positive we don't want to weigh you know
Let's not get too carried away
Arena search comes full circle incentive leads heat and panthers back to downtown Miami and it looks like
Arteele junior of the metro commission who generally is an asshole, but in this case we love him
He says they may be able to raise 80 million dollars in public financing and
They may vote on the issue the commission at least by September 14 and maybe we're gonna build a new arena downtown
Which is what i suggested weeks ago that you know
They got all that land right around the goddamn present one you know buy up a few blocks all that slum down there
Territon build a nice brand new beautiful arena take the present one tear that down build a fantastic nice modern parking garage and you got a place
You got a place
So that's a little bit of positive news because other than that those panthers will be long gone after the season if we don't get that done
They'll be like Ernie Harwell would say long gone make no mistake about it
And by the way
Oh, and also i wanted to correct see you can say anything these people never recall you on it
I said sit for an end is unfried. He wasn't pitching anymore
He's five and one with a fillies with that fat ass. I can't believe that did you know sit for an end is was still pitching
Oh my god the only problem is the uh mr
He missed a turn of rotation because he's got a strained back again
You notice how he's always got back problems because he can't stand up straight supporting that that ass
How the hell does anybody with an ass like that stand on that goddamn mount
Cecil fielder and movon put him together man you may have one cheek
Here's the mobile in Miami lakes hello. Yeah, sir. It's a question for you. Yeah. Have you ever seen David Hathelhoff and Dan marino in the same picture
Yeah, but Danny drives a better car. I'm sure he probably does and it doesn't talk back to him either
No, but you know just kind of look the same. Yeah, good good brothers. Okay. Okay bad really bad
Yeah, Danny looks like the joker and Batman
That's a little a mask here on air come on Danny a little just a little bit of that white face trust me
He's got a maid put that Jim carry to shame. He's got the lips for it baby
How's Louis lips doing
Can you say that wouldn't it be a great that would be great Dan marino and Louis lips
So I can just hear bills in for right in the middle of the third quarter of the ejects game
Irving spikes his wife
She's on the 30 and sick and fast
Nobody cares about that like I said Bobby Cox war in moon mark fits Patrick
Just a whole bunch of jocks out there. They beat the crap out of their women
And that's just the way it's supposed to be and if you women don't like it too bad
I mean, what kind of crap is that and these people were supposed to admire them and pay for their autograph
Irving spikes you slime ball you piece of crap
Gonna be a long year for those dolphins you mark my words. It's gonna be a long
frustrating tumultuous year
And I don't want to mention any particular names
But somebody's gonna wish that he would have hung it up
Tandered the keys of the kingdom right over to Jimmy there and let him have all those problems baby because it just ain't worth it
I got to look for something else to do and fast
Here's Tamarack hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay. I was gonna see if you had seen those commercials
A channel four has on for the dolphins are like promo spots no and they show like
Marino playing and they say oh they've got the guts they've got this and they've got that and then they have this picture
Shoot come on and they say they've got the brain we need some help them I was waiting for they say they have the brain
Oh my god, they left to stem out they left to stem out that's all I wanted to say incredible. Thank you for the good news
Yes, could you do one favor whatever you like play he lives on queer street. Okay. Thank you. See you. Bye
Got a lot of queer calls here today. I don't know what this is of course if you only we know there's only like a 10
Faggot's in the world and I'm one of them
Is that what Bob Dull said in Bob Dorn and let's see that's two more Faggot's in the museum
He lives on queer street
Or Danny, I think. Oh, there's round on queer street. You're a Faggot Danny
He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens
Hases toes and pets is monkey women's clothes make him look real funky
He has a whiz whiz and knows what to do
All right
Don't you
Oh
He lives on queer street
Here at Thor were all the creatures meet
I wonder what they're doing is there
He said he likes to just find
If you know Julie like I know
La la la la
He lives on queer street
Linger the rath done queer street
He had the house and uh, so that leads me to ask the musical question where the house Louie Oliver when we need him
And he is on queer street right now. Here's Miami on our bad line. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I'm talking about somebody who should have hung it up long time ago somebody who's over the hill
Um you ever seen
Shula and yourself in Samar
Oh, yeah great call
Brilliant, but you're a listen pal. That's all that counts the prices right in your list
How did I know that's where that was going?
Open line of day see that's your typical dolphin fan there right there man can't cope with it can't deal with it
751 W.I.O.D. and Dana of course they're in basically shell shock right now because they lost three out of four to girls teams in a preseason
And they know they've been talking a big game
And they still got three thousand unsolved tickets for the goddamn Jets game
Wouldn't it be embarrassing if the jet
If the jet fans outnumbered the dolphin fans like it that giant scheme two seasons ago
That would be real embarrassing wouldn't it? I kind of think so
In addition to which guess what pala check looks real good every Thursday
1244 at W.I.O.D. have you had a snap lately? Have you had a good cold one in your hand?
Somebody to choose from you wouldn't believe it. It's like a goddamn smorgasbord of beverages real brudized teas fruit drinks
Fruit juices some fantastic flavors of the sodas all kinds of great to like the snap up for all you superjokes
Who we're gonna need to cool off after you get pissed off when a Jets upset the dolphins on Sunday
It's gonna be an embarrassing thing man
And if Snapple isn't making the flavor you want like right this minute
They're probably working on in the laboratory right as we speak no preservatives no additives no crap no artificial anything
Just made from the best stuff on earth. That's the a snaple model man
And that's why Snapple is big coast to coast all over the goddamn world pick it up where finer beverages are sold
Get
610 W.I.O.D. what's a bloody glove between friends after 21 years at 16 albums the grandaddy's a punk rock are trading in their leather coats for flannel pajamas
It's rock and roll nursing home the farewell CD from the legendary speed metal quartet that made punk almost famous
I'm gonna be created
But the little wheelchair stick me in my room hurry hurry hurry before I'm in a room
You'll also hear great songs like it's him to have a replacement hit making stare and there soon to be classic
I want some happy yoga please
Rock and roll nursing home the guitar gilded goodbye from the pioneers of punk it rocks so hard
It'll make you have to sit down
Rock and roll nursing home on holly dendt record
Okay, let's see if we can't help all Brian out baby. Let's take up a collection for Brian Wilson and Brian blades and everybody
Also named Brian the life of what was his name in life of Brian just Brian
Opeline and Broward 5249 463 524 w. I. O. D. Now, what is this they're running promos
CBS soap break next Monday. What the hell is that they're running promos for the young and a horny
Uneung and a horny, but I guess that's for the soap break. So don't drop it
Here's poppin. Oh, hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. Did you see Bob greasy on Saturday night, man?
I've only talked about that 75 times pal about the fact that his hands look like he's got wax paper on him and they're all modeled and got
Round spots. Yeah, I figured you'd be in spots. I'd bake in spots because you're such a dolphin closet fan. Yeah, right
Oh, there's another good call, huh?
Yeah, a closet fan. Yeah, I'm in the dolphin closet
With Louis Oliver interving spikes
Two open lines and Broward 524 see what I mean childish juvenile your pathetic man your comebacks your lines
It's just that's the same guy. Oh, yeah, you're like uh, uh, huh? Right. Take your dolphins and stuff. Okay. Who wants to
You know eat a rotten stinkin fish anyway
Even a smell you can't get past here's West bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
What one great point about the Brian Wilson program last night
It's a statement against drugs. I mean, here's a man who was on top of his profession. I was hearing Garcia doing by the way
Right, and you know all the you know, Andrew Odom took an ad out and lose favorite saying that you know, pet sound
I was Kurt Cobain doing by the way and and it's amazing. Janice Joplin and Jimmy Hendrix and
What's her name? Right, but they're dead, but the point is he's doing now. Here's the guy who's alive and you can see the difference
What do you mean he's alive? He was on top. He was the best. What do you mean he's alive? Look at him. He's a shell. You know, he's a show. What do you say he's alive?
It's a great point for anyone who's doing drugs to watch that film. That'll make him stop. Yeah, that'll make him stop
All right, there we go. Okay, Nancy Reagan your small potato sweet heart take off the red dress and let's see what you got baby
I'm sure it ain't much just saying no pales into one significance
Just watch that flick last night on Disney with Brian Wilson
What is that out of the car like that and you'll stop doing the drugs right now
all right
You know, they say this show is just a bunch of crap, but I'm gonna tell you every once in a while we come along
And we solve one of the great problems of the goddamn world and right there is demand who did it and thank you so much sir
Just say no no come on. You can do it
Everybody get together if they offer you anything that's like bad for you even if it's goddamn caffeine just say oh no
There you go. That'll chase him away
Two open lines and Broward five two four W I O D five two four nine four six three two on the green lines one eight hundred
One nine hundred call whatever the hell you like. Okay, let's get the sex bitch on here
Let's get Dr. Laura on here. Let's get Gary Burbank on here. Let's get Chris Baker on the guide, Amher
Let's bring me greenback once checky Patterson start what time does the joy Reynolds show start
Here's a mobile in Ojus hello. Hey, hey, how you doing? Okay, hey, uh Gary Burbank. I do like him. I wish he was on it
When the sex bitch was on yeah, but I've got a couple things safe
Now knowing the Patriots kick ass and they sold out unlike the dolphins every game sold out every game and the whole season
They're probably gonna sell out next year before this year right over. That's right and uh through Rosehouse
Does he like look for trouble?
evidently he uh he goes after the most savory guys you can find right?
Are you actually now? Okay, but I have a great day. Yeah, Drew Rosenhouse
Man there's another guy that D.Fo was looking his ass here a few weeks ago on here
Yucking it up like it's a big joke. Well, you know brine. He's got to play football
He's got other priorities besides his done. Cousin that he shot
And Irving, you know, I'm sure he's very distraught. We'll have to find out what the what it's all about what the bitch done
Yeah, Drew you're a hell of a class guy. Maybe there's another another god damn prostitute
Just pouring the money off all these guys
He don't give a crap what the hell he do as long as they don't jeopardize the contract so we keep getting his god damn cut
That's all he wants just give me my god damn share and keep your nose clean. That's the whole deal with Drew Rosenhouse
Two open lines and Broward five two four nine four six three. Here's a mobile and four lauderdale. Hello
Hello, Neil. I thought you'd be interested in this. I know
That's about Drew Rosenhouse. Yeah, he gets his ball play is by
Taking practically no percentage on their signing bonus
But his father invests all the means that they get from the ball players
And his father has gone into bankruptcy has been in bankruptcy
So I'd like somebody managing your money that's been in back. But he cannot manage his own great. Where do I sign up
Go ahead. I say where do I sign up?
Just call Drew. Okay
Thanks for the good news pal, but this is a factor. You can check that out. I'll check it out
Thank you w.i.o.d
Yeah, no rush. Please speaking
Neil how you doing? Okay, can't hear you
Is Neil? Yep
Hey, no, hey, no, I've been looking for you for years. You're great
And I not the limits. I grew up in this area. Sarah is really dead. Yeah, I've been all over the country
Traveled a lot to a lot of extensive travel in Europe. Yeah
How come I can't hear this call Georgia? Is there a special reason why I can't?
I'll cause the phone line sucked George said because our engineering departments busy plan the pivot man downstairs
But have a great day pal. See lost the call the guy just disappeared
He feels bad. He feels like it was a wasted goddamn effort the guy sucking all over my goddamn body a great caller
A good guy and he's gone. Why? Because the phone system here blows because every goddamn phone line is worse than the other one
And Steve Ziggler is down there sticking his goddamn aspiratis in the mitchwings uh business
God almighty
And nero green is wondering around a building with food in this push that a boy Bobby. You're really doing it baby
You don't have to worry about that new building. We'll just turn this one into a parking lot in about six months
Open line and Broward 5249463524 wiod
So how about that new arena?
Let's get something going in his town
You sound negative neon you're sounding yeah right. I'm negative. Okay. I'm just sitting here telling it the way it is
begging and pleading and praying that something good happens that we get struck by a miracle lightning bolt from up above that's gonna do something good
Here's dear field on the purple line. Hello. Hi, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir
You're a pretty smart guy. Can you explain to me what the logic is of
Channel 4 switching with channel 6 with their lousy signal
It had to do with some kind of a deal at the whoever the hell it is that owns channel 4 made with whoever it is that owns channel 6
They purchased a station in Philly and part of the agreement on the deal was that CBS was gonna get channel
Switch on channel 6 here that they would get the facility of channel 4 that has a much better signal in exchange for which channel 4 winds up on 6
We'll have it a crappy signal I would there was part of their deal
So it's just they're like an appendage see what I'm saying. They're an appendage to the deal in Philadelphia
It's really strange something that they've done in just wait till channel 6 gets on for and people will actually be able to see Dave game
Then there's gonna be rights in the streets in this town
The interesting thing is channel 6 just improve their signal about two weeks ago
And you can actually get channels
Six in the south bomb beach county area. They did it. Yeah
The signal is the same as it was right after the hurricane when they were using the antenna a little bit further north
Yeah, when they had to switch back to home. Well, are you talking about that? Are you talking over the air on cable?
I'm talking about over the air really on channel 6 you can now get it
It the picture sometimes is a little bit grainy
Thank you, but yeah, but we don't want they've game to be grainy
We want it to be clear and vivid and massive man
Well, it's not it's not perfect
But it's awful lot better than what it used to be and you can actually see it and hear it now
And want to be a shame that Brian norcross and Tony segredo with the silly suspenders are gonna have to be on at much
You know that inferior signal won't that be bad? Well, you can know you still get the sound real well
It's a picture's a bit grainy and you can get it now
I mean it just happened about five six days ago, huh, and now you know maybe it has something maybe it has something to do with it
I wouldn't be surprised isn't that happening like on September 10th
Yeah, so that much
Apparently wasn't gonna let them boost their power. Yeah, so now the question is did they because of his deal allow them to boost their power?
Probably somebody paid them off you know the FCC yeah possible. Okay pal
Every thanks to the information and have a great day
Yeah, I think it's happening on September the 10th they've been promising they've been threatening it and it's gonna be real confusing and in five minutes
You'll be used to it'll be the same old crap, okay
You'll have Jenny Jones and you'll have Montel and you'll have Sally Jessie and you'll have Carlos
Shava is junior Schwartz whatever that guy's name is Perez and you'll have what's the broads name the blonde? The huliet
Christina
Christina you'll have that bitch in the film maybe if he don't go out of business because NBC is they're dropping him off
WNBC in New York or whatever they hell affiliate he was on there dropping the down a show and you'll have her
Although when you'll have Sally Jessie and did I say Montel and you'll have
Murray Pupik they'll all be on there, okay with all the couples that make believe screaming and yelling and all the domestic
And we're worried that Irving spites beat up his wife, huh?
Maybe he was watching the goddamn Richard Bay show me that's that's probably what sent him off
He was watching one of those goddamn TV shows. He was watching Jenny Jones
It's a that looks like a good idea that'll shut the bitch up
And he just gave her a little what for okay put his hands around her neck
He were a little struggling to knock through down the grounds to get out of here, okay?
I got it. I got football on my mind all those Drew Rothenhalth Boeth. We got football on our mind. We don't got time for this crap
Here's Kendall hello
Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay, do we have these phones are huh? Hello. What was it?
You aware the fact that the Alan process project is playing sunrise tonight. Oh, yeah, yes, sir
I just wanted to know if you know and Kansas too, right?
They're in Kansas tonight tonight's the big night. I bet your ponytail will be there. I guarantee you stay away from him
Thank me okay pal
Open line and never trust a man that paints his fingernails with a bunch of soda little you know what I'm saying
In fact, he probably's got a gang going over there at the pizza loft that goddamn Jeff Cohen wouldn't surprise me if they have their own gang over there
Wouldn't that be great if they have pizza lock gang jackets and outfits, huh? We could make a million selling that crap
Open line and date 751 one and Broward two on the green lines the women of course are long gone long gone
Matt's lying there in a coma. He ain't speaking on the young in a horny and he looks uglier than ever and there's Victor talking to himself
What do you say and Victor come on? What is it spit it out?
He's whispering again Victor. That's unusual. How did a man who whispers ever make that much money? He must be a crook
Victor must have been a crook too because nobody who whispers makes that much money
Do they here's the mobile in four lotterdale hello? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you a big sports center fan
I do a sports center sports center in spn very rarely wow rarely
I can't I can't start my day without that show in the morning
You want to know why I hate sports center on ESPN? Why that well first of all when you say in the morning
That means you're watching the tape from the night before but number two the fact is that instead of giving it
They have a morning show. Well, you'll listen to me. Okay. What they do on ESPN, which I hate ah
Is they'll give you a couple of
Highlights from an American League baseball game right two or three games
Then they'll go off at a some other guy to like women's tennis or something am I right? Yeah, you're right
That's good. It kind of breaks up. No, it's not good
I don't want to have to sit through golf and women's tennis and god damn hurling and stuff to get the rest of the scores
Right when I want those scores fast
I switch on headline news real quick
I get them all on the bottom of the screen and then I go back to the weather channel or whatever
Well, the thing is those guys on that show are just really talented that you know what I'm saying
Out of the local guys on here are terrible and just the way they present the
Sport that it's I'm gonna tell you who really makes me sick on ESPN radio that they have on QM on a weekend
Is it Tony Bruno is that the guy's name who I think he's got a feather up his ass this guy
He's always ah, haha
And a guy that's with him there, and there there's nothing funny going on
There's nothing even remotely amusing and he's playing rim shots and all I think ESPN radio is going away of QM
They're trying to do entertainment because they realize that nobody wants to your all sports radio all the time right right
Okay, thanks for the call can I listen to that I got you down song. Can you listen to it?
Or can you play that for me? I can play it if you promise to listen to it. I will you promise promise
Okay, and now one more thing. Yes Jim Jim
Your juice back. Okay, Jim man. It's your adoosh bag is what he said now
I think the song is like gone. I think the song is out of the I think somebody took it out of there
Remember you remember the origins when I think first got in there. Where is it George?
I didn't take it out of there. Oh
My god, we're gonna run way over on the goddamn news and it's gonna be we can't play the whole thing now
We'll play the whole thing after the news. How's that and then we'll play it again and again
So Irving Spice's wife is that what you said?
Hi, I'm Aaron Somers. You know what I don't know
So we'll play the whole thing after the news because I don't want to like come in and do a music interruptus would be bad
Open line and Broward 5249463524
So we're gonna keep our eye very closely believe me. We're gonna keep our IP old very close
I mean, they're gonna sell out right 3000 seats by a Thursday the game is four o'clock on Sunday
They got to sell it out by four o'clock on Thursday in order to lift the blackout on TV
If it's not sold out shame on this town. It's bogus baby
We don't follow the jet
30,000 jet fans and we can't even get you a 3000 dollar fan. What a joke
So good entertainment radio
WIOD
Hi, I'm Aaron Somers and you know what you got me talking on the passion phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
Oh
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
Show there's a new topic each night
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down
Okay, 107 at WID. So what were you saying about soreland green or was it Bobby green? We have an open line at Broward 5249463 524 WIOD
Neuro is fiddling with it baby. He's fiddling. All right. When's my green star baby? Let's do it
Let's put this thing down to about a point two on a weekend and then the dolphins can bail us on
By the way, do you see QA M in his last trend at night with the Marlin baseball for all three months had a two share
with Marlin baseball
If I was the Marlins man, I'd be a little bit suspect about that guide
They make believe radio station at their games Iran because that's and especially when you consider that the TV broadcast
They're so bad that many many people turn on Joangel and Dave O'Brien and turn the sound on on J Randolph and Yuri Carter for obvious reasons and in spite of that they got it too
Here's highly a hello
Hello, yes, sir. Oh listen Neil. I just wanted to call him the first time caller to you show yes, sir
And when you started talking about Shula, I could understand where you're coming from really because
You know, not Shula at one time, you know, I had
A relative in my family that was very young and she wanted a signature from
Number 13, you know the quarterback. Yeah, Danny was his name right. Yeah, well, you know, I'm talking
I'm not really a dolphin fan myself. Okay, so basically what happened is that when I got around the
In the area where where Danny was standing. Yeah, where he could see me. Yeah, I threw him a shirt
You know for him to sign it and he looked at me and he started walking over toward a shirt
Shula stood there looked right at me and pointed at him and give him a no signal to go away from the shirt
And I thought that was pretty low of a person that you know that everybody so pumped up on yeah, so I really want to thank you very much
for
Holding to your morals and everything else my moral show. Yeah
I love your questions. Okay. Thanks coach. Okay. Have a great day. I'm sticking to my morals, baby. That's it
Whatever the hell that means I'm sticking it, baby right now because they don't come any more moralistic than done Shula
He's Mr. Hatchot, you know, love coming at it. It's just it's stupidity is what it is
They just can't wake up and smell reality. That's all these people are living in the past you go out there to the stadium before the game
They're showing highlights. Here's greasy throwing a warfield. That's not here's Larry Zaki's breaking away Zonkers at the 30
He's a you know who cares? That's ancient history. Don't give me ancient history
You're just easier was once pretty god damn good too. That's what they say in Rome, but he's not feeling too good these days. Okay
God
Isn't that what Irving spikes a wife said to us. He was getting up off the floor a tube route
Open line and date 7519463 and one and Broward 524. No, there was no such person as Bobby Niro, but it does sound you know
There was Peter Niro is that who we were thinking of yeah, that must be it. He was the pianist
Let's go to a mobile in my I think he had one a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi
Over the weekend. I was listening to a sports show. Yeah, and the guy on the radio man a really good point
It doesn't matter how many number one draft picks you have on the dolphins
If you're not going to utilize their talent and use them in the same scheme
You're never going to have a better team like Oliver Doddy has about as much
You know the guy just they do the same plays over and over
Yeah, and they got all this talent and I guarantee you I don't care what anybody says Gary Stevens
I don't care how good Bernie Parmolius which he happens to be very good right
I don't care how great he is
Gary Stevens will always go away from the running game
They'll never stick with a running game. They'll try it in the first half and even if it works good enough for like when they had higgy
There'd be times he'd be good in the first half and then the second half all of a sudden it's damn
