Music
Ooooo!
News Talk at Entertainment Radio 610
WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil call 751 WIOD in date, 524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944-WIOD.
And so you know one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD.
Hi, this is Erin Summers and today on PassionFound, I want to know if you think Phil Henry is an asshole.
I want to know from you today on PassionFound.
Now, let me give you the phone numbers, okay?
Date 751 WIOD.
Broward 524 WIOD.
Outstate, in Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville, Fort Walton Beach, Bogalusa.
An outside Atlanta in the Carnia's area, 1-800-944-9463.
I want to know, do you think Phil Henry is an asshole?
I want you to go back into your experience.
I really want you people to tell me.
I want you to open up with me tonight.
Let's talk a little bit about this, right?
We're all friends here.
Is Phil Henry an asshole?
Okay.
All right, let's go to a phone car, too, here.
Got him lined up.
Here's Jeff and Miami.
Hi, Jeff.
Yeah, hi, Erin.
How are you?
I just have one comment to make and that is...
You just lost a listener, you asshole.
Okay, I got you down.
I got you down.
And let's go here to Miami.
Got him down for asshole.
Hi.
Yes, how are you doing, how are you doing, Pete?
What's Phil pulling?
I mean, what if I told him his mother was dying and stinking out the joint?
Okay.
Please, don't get out the joint.
I'll mark you down.
I'll mark you down.
All right, we got down two assholes.
Is Phil Henry an asshole?
I am Erin Salle.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, Lisa Haid.
Hi, Erin.
How are you?
Pretty good, and you?
I'm good.
I'm beginning to hyperventilate.
Oh, great.
Latt of times when you expel too much oxygen and you take in too much carbon dioxide in heaven.
Okay, I'll take it for my eyes.
Come on.
Yeah, hi.
I think Phil is not an asshole, but his listeners are.
Okay, I got you down.
I'd love to get you down.
Okay.
Hey, Erin Summers.
It's Phil Henry an asshole.
Here's Miami.
It's Tim.
Hi, Tim.
Welcome to PassionFile.
Hey, I just love this new hour you're working.
Thank you.
Hey, Erin.
You don't know.
I think he's more an affected smock.
An affected smock.
With that being asshole, is that...
If you were to put a photo on the screen, I'd like to see you.
An affected smock on a scale of 1 to 10.
It's an asshole.
Oh, it is an asshole.
I got you down.
Okay, killer.
We don't want to kill it for tomorrow.
We're going to hear the best of Phil tomorrow.
That'll be on it, right?
What time, five o'clock?
5 p.m. tomorrow.
From yesterday, one of the great hours in the history of broadcasting.
For all this past 11 months, I've been telling all these people, Phil Henry,
one of the radio geniuses in the history of industry.
No, we don't understand.
It's a ponderous.
We know who Margaret is right.
This man is absolutely...
Unbelatable.
He is.
And he sure does a great air in summers.
Okay, let's go to our thing.
Here we got Rosa standing by, by the way.
We're keeping our finger on it.
And by the way, the bad news is that if Rosa should be going like it about 12.55,
too bad, L. Presidente is doing it.
I'm going to do a news conference today at 12.55 or 1 o'clock or something.
So they're dumping out of Rosa for a few minutes.
Some nerve he's got.
Who the hell does he think he is?
Here's Poppano Beach.
Hello.
And I would say he's got the same credibility that she does.
Hello.
Poppano Beach.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, congratulations.
And back to you.
I mean, thank you.
Did you happen to catch good events last night?
Yes, they are in the analysis.
Grate of Ondike, I didn't see her yesterday.
Yeah, she said that.
She was hoping with Eva von Braun.
Yeah, second cousin.
She said she was eating Chris Dundee's lunch.
She was just making a fool out of him.
Chris Darden.
Who says, how could she say that?
I don't know what she was saying.
Making a fool out of everybody else said that they made her look like a clown.
Like a circus clown.
Her exact phrase was, she's eating his lunch.
Oh, my God.
Unbelievable.
This bitch, O.J. could get up right.
I'm telling you, she is so, I guess she's being paid just to do a purposefully to piss off.
I mean, here's what I'm part of.
He could stand right up in court with a straight look on his face and say,
I'm killing the cold.
And she'd say, boys, he got a sense of humor or what?
And what about the seven hours?
Chris should have said, Rosa, you mean to tell me for seven hours all he did was keep saying,
tell the truth, tell the truth.
I don't know.
Seven hours?
Yeah.
One other thing.
Incredibly, yes.
If I may.
Yes.
You know your friend from Canada calls you all the time?
Yes, I do.
You hold you there.
I think you're missing something there.
It's not the bridge tender.
You should have him on every day.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you bastard.
Okay.
And have a crossfire type thing on a different subject every day for five minutes.
We'll work on it.
It would be great.
See ya.
Okay.
Bye.
We got it down.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
Don't forget on DFO, seven o'clock to that on sports talk in the second hour of power,
shower power, with Greg Lucenas on tape, by the way.
There'll be no live questions on the phone.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale on the purple line.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, I am.
Good afternoon, sir.
Buenos tardes.
Hey, I'm wondering when your listeners are going to realize that talk radio is like the WWF.
They don't get it.
Well, I...
And you like that old guy that called me about 10 to 10 to know, and it was like, uh...
Well, what's this?
Are you leaving?
I keep hearing my wife and I.
What is that?
I mean, how many...
Do you have to draw them a diaphragm?
Well, you have to change the pens at least.
They just don't get it.
Also, secondly, I think...
It's your husband an interesting 19 years, and I'll miss it badly.
I just wanted to say that it's about time that Wayne digs deep into the craters of his
faith to pull out some cash to get some offense for that panther.
Oh, please.
Please.
He's probably got plenty of cash.
And I'm going to say it again, that kid Rob Goodrow, you'll see him Wednesday.
I'd throttle again.
And this kid's been playing real good.
It would have cost just pocket change for him.
He was available in a waiver draft, and he wasn't protected by San Jose, and this kid's
a real player, and he's a fast gator, and he can stick it in there in the puck too, and
we didn't want him.
I mean, I just...
I don't get it.
I'm missing something.
Well, they need a total package player.
Somebody that could really score, and that could hit, and break some teeth.
There you go.
We want some a guy who can really score.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a nice weekend.
And you too.
We got it down.
We have an open line and a purple line, pound IOD, and they're like addressing the judge
right now.
They're addressing him.
They're standing right there.
Johnny is conquering.
There's Chris Darden.
And there's some other guy who's the...
Oh, isn't that the guy who's one of the attorneys?
She's got two of them, by the way, now.
Rosa.
She's got two attorneys.
She's got this guy, and she's got that hamburger bitch.
Maryland hamburger.
And Hamilton Burger.
I guess you watch too much Perry Mason.
I think we're breaking up with this deal.
He's handing out a bunch of pages here, which is people signing up for the judges' autobiography
for some personally signed autographed copies.
That'll be nice.
Are they on this thing yet or what?
How do you like?
And there's that Greta Von Braun again in the bottom right hand corner on CNN.
Got somebody out of just a bitch slap that piece of crap.
I almost said the C-word right there.
I'll see you next time, Greta.
1213 at IOD.
No rap, no hard rock, no wimpy elevator music.
Because we got better things to do than play the same old songs over and over.
610 WIOD.
Maybe you milked my jockey shorts.
Here's my story, said by Drew.
About a girl called Sifilessou.
Inc. Able.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Oh my god.
Hey, hey, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
God is there go, go there,
She likes to sleep around
Yeah, even dinner with my bastard house
We didn't dare start it to come
Now I'm afraid of falling off
Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows
Used to have a hose where this fungus grows
And scanning food that she ever knew
A keep away from a syphilis suer
Yeah, keep away from that girl
Couple of interesting facts is here
1217 at W.I.D. by the way
For your time watch, here's the screw up the replay tapes
Anyway, here's a facts from Chris in Fort Lauderdale
Do you see this?
It's a beautiful thing
He's got the band symbol over a frog
This isn't just your ordinary frog, it's a frog squatting
With big goofy eyes
And it's got like a little beret on it said
It's got like a little French beret as in
Nice going, Chris
Also, here's the facts from all the chronics
Are getting in here today
Yes, I got your anniversary card
Roberto, thank you so much and get a life
Here's Rolando, another one who needs a life
And it says from watching the game last night
The Maple Leafs terribly miss Wendell Clark
They look slow, unmotivated, etc and so on
That's right, they stink and no argument
Now here's the fact, this is the kind of facts
That really gets to me, okay?
Especially the timing of it is great
What time was this sent?
It was sent at 10.25
Almost as soon as I came in this morning
I made my reference to
We got you down
I was talking about that
And then we just got through playing about five minutes of
Feel show for me
And then it says, Neil, why haven't you mentioned
Yesterday's Feel a Henry show which happened to be
The greatest radio show in history
Isn't that what I just said and we played five minutes
Which I've never played five minutes of anybody else's show
It was the two o'clock hour in his passion phone
It's Feel a Henry and asshole
Feel God, I went my pants
I just got through playing it man and saying it and doing it
And I agreed I've been saying that for the last 11 months
Yeah, but wait a second
And now they're starting to catch on, they're a little slow
But we do got you down
Here's what is that? Oh, the finger man, yes sir
Where is, where is Diaz?
Hello? Hello?
Hello, he's in his? Yes
I call the new photo comprato level
Do you have 19 years in TVA? Thanks
And also to blame myself for being
Listened to the pure adaptation for solo
There you go, what a bad mistake that was
I changed to your adaptation and now two years ago
And I had to send you a lot because you
Help me to get out of the closet
Or in my experience
Traumatic experience
Right
We helped you to finger it out right
I think you were a fox one day
I believed that you was going to quit
But I found that it's not true
And I am so happy to have true
It is just a big yolk
Yes, you were a big yolk, but it's nice yolk
Let me tell you I had to believe in it at the end
And I said, oh my God, what I do without me now
Yeah, you know? I'm ready to finger it out
No, yes, I finger it out
But don't mention the finger I got it
No, let's not do that
I get a lot of different
We don't want to get that too deep again
I get depressed when I hear about the finger
I know
Because I care my experience with you and your listeners
I was out of the closet and I feel free now
Free
Hallelujah
Thank you, Hallelujah
We get last
I don't want to say I was the key to know me just to him
I take it personally
Our station's hotline anchored programming
Okay, hotline, we do cover the 40 voice already
We're just a sensitive profile
It begins on AP hotline at 21 minutes past
21 minutes after she's on here right now talking
What the hell is wrong with him?
This AP man
They stink the big one
We don't need you guys, okay, we'll wait
Here she is
No, I can't record it
No, I can't record it
No, I can't record it
I don't know
Yes sir
Yes sir
I'm going to start for two minutes
You two for the
I didn't see it
I got that in the last 20
It's three minutes before 920 sir
And the other one over there says 920
Your honor, the interpreter will make a request
Yes
Would both counsel and witness the admonished
Please wait for interpretations
If that a girl, honey
In not the crap in other words
In other words, custody is back to town
I can only go so fast
You can relate to that
Your little society I jab she said
With 917
For the large clock
Which is never
This is I agree to go real fast to want to see honey
So anyway, he's right there
They're right at the AP
This is just a but not
Now he's trying to get her to see if she can read time
First of all, she doesn't wear a watch most of the time
But that night she happened to be
And of course it was the interview where her suggested her
Just possibly the private dick
Who suggested her that maybe it was around 1015, 1020, 1040, 5
Sometime after 10 like between 10 o'clock at night
And 5 o'clock in the morning
That she saw the guy named Bronco Park there
Of course, once the limo driver picked him up and took him to the airport
Guess what?
The Bronco was still there
But don't confuse us with the facts
We'll be doing Rosa in a second
It's 1021, 1021, God this is a goddamn slow show
I know Homentosh and either
1221 at WIOD
16 WIOD
The only good Canadians are still in Montreal
But if I am guilty of anything
It is of giving all that I have to give
My penis, my buttocks, my lower torso, thighs
And any other error that they wanted
To help children all over the world
I killed Nicole, I killed Nicole, I killed Nicole
This is a perra vieja, correct?
I think so
And are you okay?
No, if you know, dog have some type of arthritic conditions
And if you know
Is this dog suffering from any kind of air conditioning?
Sometimes yes
And the dog has allergies
And the perra has allergies?
Yes, sir
Yes, sir
And the dog is always being taken to the veterinarian for treatment
No wait, the dog has got arthritis
I thought it was OJ with the bed
And he's the dog who's got the bed in here
And the dog who's practicing his golf swing?
Yes, sir, the gentleman takes her one and a one
The dog is batting his balls around
And someone comes to treat the dog
That's why there was a lot of people going on
And someone comes from the treatment to the perra
And the perra is weekly
And the man comes every two weeks
And the man comes to bathe every two weeks
Well, it is because of the dog's age and medical problems
That Mr. Salon told you to never take the dog out to the street, correct?
It's done at the age of the perra
And at the medical problems
That Mr. Salon told you that you never take the perra to the street, correct?
Correct
Correct
That's why he said it, sir
Well, Mr. Salon did tell you not to take the dog to the street, correct?
Well, the gentleman said that you never take the perra to the street, correct?
I don't know, yes, sir
There are no sidewalks directly outside to Mr. Salon, correct?
There are no windows, I'm going to front to the house of the family of the house, correct?
No, sir
Are there sidewalks directly in front of the house, your home?
There are windows, directly in front of the house of the family of the house, correct?
There are no windows, sir
Well, he has a yard, sir
Squared, squirt? Well, you remained in the yard, correct?
Yes, when you were in the yard, correct?
Yes, sir
You didn't take the dog out to the street, correct?
You didn't take the perra to the street, correct?
No, sir, no, sir
Did you take the dog out to the street?
Did you take the perra to the street, correct?
And I told him that you already told you I did not, sir
Yeah
Well, she's got good eyesight
That's why she needs those magnets when you took the dog out
When you took the perra to the street
You see that the other day when they tried to have her read something off the monitor
which is like two inches in front of her purse and she couldn't read it
and everybody in the courtroom was given her their bifocals
and she's still going to read the goddamn thing
but she saw the Bronco and she had a watch and etc and so on
and it was sometime between 10 o'clock and 5 in the next morning
Here's a lady in the hammock snow less
Hello
A lady in the hammock?
I'm not a lady in the hammock
You're in North Miami Beach, I'm on a wrong line, hang on
Like I said, here's a lady in the hammock, hello
Hello, Neil
See like I said, I can't see a damn thing
I don't know what was going on there
Well, Neil, I'm Rosa out
Rosa?
I don't know what to do, she's I'm trapped in my house, I'm oozing, I have the chicken pox
I don't know
Really?
Yes, and I wanted to thank you and congratulate you of course for your 19 years
Thank you so much
Thank you so much
You're all week and I have a shameless reply
I say a pox on a Rosa's, what else?
Oh my god, it's the worst
How could anybody, you know, Johnny Cochrane, all these guys, they're sitting there
Of course they're getting paid millions of dollars to put on a good pox
But how could anybody believe this woman?
She's like a comedy routine
Even Lucille Ball is spinning in her grave
She looks like the crypt
I have no, she's scary
I think she might have been on dork shadows
I don't know what to do Neil, because I'm trapped
I have nothing else, nothing in my life except for you
So what about me, honey, am I a...
I have you, baby, oh my god
That's certainly not
By the way, speaking of chop liver and mashed potatoes
There's a thing in here in excess for the best garlic mashed potatoes
Do you know, did you ever had garlic mashed potato?
I have, but from where?
You're not a yuppie, are you?
Certainly not
Bistro mesaluna, and for Lauderdale
Ooh, Ronald Goldman
Bistro mesal... oh that's right, mesaluna
Look at how this ties in together, I don't know if I'd want to go there or not
I don't know, how trendy is that?
Getting to the garlic mashed potatoes at Bistro mesaluna requires the dexterity and endurance of a steeple chase runner
There are obstacles to overcome
The restaurant...
The restaurant is in a strip mall on 17th Street Causeway next to a doboise pizza and a dry cleaner
There is pretentious yet friendly valley parking this by tons of open spots outside
Then nearby Walgreens, no reservations accepted, meaning wait to over now on Friday night
The wait staff, doats on regulars, but can ignore first-time diners
And don't leave your glasses there
All we believe because the garlic mashed potatoes are so damn heavenly that repeat businesses assured
These potatoes are moist, fluffy, saturated with garlic and drizzled with butter
They go well with everything from the yellowtail snapper to the grilled primed rib chop
We've tasted no better mashed potatoes anywhere, how do you like that?
In fact, I think Henry Barrow once ate there
I have just tasted your snapper
How do you like that?
I like it
No, I bet
Neil, could you do any a big, big favor?
Yeah, I can do you a small favor
Well
Not a real big one, yeah
Well, some I think, how about that?
I need to hear the mandage duet to dry out my pox
The mandage duet?
The duet, the two things are recent, he sings his little song
Oh, the mandage thing, yeah
Yes, please
No problemo
I love you, I love you, Neil
Now would you rather hear mandage sings, or would you rather hear arosa?
Have a great day
At the close call, thanks Neil, love you
He'll up, bye
Bye-bye, or just heal
We have an open line in day, it's 751 pox
The mad dog is out of control
And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment
Jim mandage sings duet
Well, alright
Right around in the trees
Well, it's alright
Here's the mad dog
Jim mandage sings classic rock
Well, it's alright
Here's the mad dog
Oh, right around in the trees
Oh, right around in the trees
Oh, right around in the trees
Oh, right around in the trees
The mad dog is out of control
The mandage duet is out of control
Well, alright around in the trees
Well, alright around in the trees
Well, alright around in the trees
Well, alright around in the trees
Well, alright around in the trees
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish
I don't like that
You're not gonna whore, huh?
But now he says
I like it
I like it
The mad dog just can't kiss enough
For that cottage cheese butt
If he wants me to sing God Bless America
And paste these in the G-string up here
I'll do it
You got foam
And everybody knows that it's alright
Oh, right around in the trees
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy
Oh, right around in the trees
Oh, right around in the trees
Jim mandage sings duet
Developed now it all blocks us through us
So Rosa has continued to left her bifogals in the car
in El Carro
And what the hell is that all about?
I don't know
So now she, Eiffely Bailey comes over with his bifogals
to get him as well do something
He's just sitting there like a big goddamn lump
Cause he ain't getting paid anyway
And now she's got, I can see it on the big thing over there
Give me the pointer and give me this
And she's kinda like Boston, the whole goddamn thing
Including the little jab judge around too
And it's getting out of control
And I think that what's your name?
Greta von Braun is right
Chris Darden
He should not be doing this
But I still say, Marsha Clark should be slicing this bitch and ass
Here's North Miami Beach
Hello
How you doing Neil?
Happy 19
Thank you so much
A couple of things
When I watch the hockey games
Every time they show the camera goes to the bench
Is that a cardboard cut out of Roger Nielsen?
Here's the perceptive guy
Here's the first guy to realize that
Roger's out of town
His expression I've never seen this guy move once
Every time the camera goes down
The real Roger is on vacation
A host job
I tell you that that is a cardboard cutout
Another thing, if they want to solve this trial real quick
They can do it with the dog
You want to know why?
The dog is in the key to right
And the key to comes from Japan
What is Judge Edo?
People talk to the dog in Japanese
They can speak to the same speak, you're right
They would find out exactly what happened
The dog has to know
And the dog only speaks Japanese
The dog will be on a stand Monday
Now another thing
You want to get good pizza?
Yeah
Kinos in the Sky Lake Mall
In the Sky Lake Mall?
In the Sky Lake Mall
I'm telling you, we love pizza
And we can't find anything good
I'd have to take security guards to go in a Sky Lake Mall
Can you imagine all the blue hairs in there?
Oh, there's Daniel sent him a badge
Let's get him with our purse
That's good pizza though, you're right
If you can squeeze through you should try it
Okay, I'll get my red one
I'll go and drag
Thank you
Thanks a lot
Open line in date 751
Here's another one by the way
I can just can't...
There's 450 pages of best restaurants
And interestingly without 450 ads
I wonder if there's any connection with that
Best Italian restaurant expensive
Here's another one, never heard of it
Primavera
840 East Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale
A bastion of solid Italian cooking
The pastas are fresh and generally well cooked
As is the fish, the wine list is...
Who cares about the goddamn wine list?
God
I mean, you know, you can get the...
You can try the wine anywhere, including up in the bathtub
And at Old Geyshaus with Malcolm McDowell
For a special evening, you can't go wrong by coming here
Apatizer 795 to 995
Main course is 1395
Like in pasta and 2595
For the loobster
The Primavera, never heard of it
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Neil! Yes sir
Hey listen, you talk about buying into F. Phil Henry stuff
The other day when you were out sick
I was buying into your show, I thought it was live for the longest time
Yeah
And then you came on and you said something about that freedom from religion
Remember you were doing a tirade on that
And you said, well maybe the next day I'll bring in the information on it
I never did by the way
Well, and I'm thinking it's the next day's going to be tomorrow
And then I find out it's a prerequisite
Could you bring that in at some time? It sounds like a fascinating thing
I don't have it, I looked at home to see if I have any of their stuff
It's in Madison, Wisconsin
Oh okay, so if anybody wants to call maybe they can get us that info
Like call info information or something and get a phone number and address
When I get...
It's called a Freedom from Religion Foundation, Madison, Wisconsin
Okay, when I get to the office, I'll do it in call your back
Okay, thanks
Gracius, we have an open line in date, 751WID, how's Rosa doing?
Speak for yourself at this point
Sit down Johnny
Mr. Darden, you're dead meat baby
Sit down
I'm having a moment, show up
Sit down and shut up for you face
Oh he said let's take a moment because Niels got a break
Thank you very much Chris, like I said, you're doing a masterful job
1236 at WIOD
And WIOD
The only appliance you own that talks back
It's Friday, you bastard
Okay, 21 till 1 at WIOD
I think they had to get that bitch her glasses
Here's a lady in Wellington, hello
Hi Niels, how you doing?
Happy anniversary
Thank you
I have to say it's my one year anniversary of listening to you
Are you cereal?
I'm cereal and I'm very appreciative
That's just for us, for both of us
That was great, I was sweet
I think I'm the only woman in Wellington that calls you
I call you every couple a week
Don't let the word get out
I won't, but I am trying to convert everybody that I talk to
And as soon as you say my name, they say
Well, I just want to say shame on all the women out there
That listen and you know you have many that do
And don't call because they say they're afraid of you
Isn't that pathetic?
You have been nothing but a gentleman whenever I call
There you go
And I hope to meet you, I'm going to the last hockey game of the season
Against the Rangers
Yeah
And maybe if they don't bore you too much, I'll see you at that game
I'll be there, I'm always there, when loser draw
Or even if I take a good nap, you know, can't be dead
Specs in 125, right?
You bet
Great, also I'm just curious, have you ever like bumped into Aaron
Since she's been on the air?
No, I have not
She came that first day, I mean she came in that first day
And in fact, I don't think it was the day she started
It was like just before she started
And I gave her a big welcome and a send off
We were playing her phonyed up audition tapes that she sent down here
And that was it, that's the last time that I saw her and her gigantic ass
Yeah
Also, I'm very...
Do you listen to her show?
No, not at all
You're not missing much
My husband, he listens to a few minutes every night on his way home
And he says he can't take it for more than a minute and a half
Because it is just like...
I know a lot of guys like that
It's just like Phil Hendry's show yesterday, I mean she cuts everybody off
And it was just, you know, he says she's terminal
Yeah, but let me say something for...
Let me say something
Yeah
That was the best hour of her
Wasn't that incredible?
It was great
It'll be on again tomorrow between 5 and 6
We ought to get an 90 share with that
I will be listening in one last thing, Neil
See
Any of your Spanish speaking listeners, I'm wondering if the translator is really any good
Because I'm a news here in West Palm last night
They had some translation expert and they said that she is totally botching up the translation
Really?
Yeah
Something I don't understand, and that is because I was watching it during the break here
Every time Chris Darden asked a question
And they come back and she starts interpreting it, she starts out a voino
And then she goes on and repeats it
What does that mean?
Because Rosa is saying well
No, no, she's not interpreting her answer, she's interpreting his question, he's not saying
well, she just starts every sentence with that
It's not a sloppy but she's getting a gist right
Oh, well yet I'm not repeating that
I'm not repeating that
He would know
Yeah, he knows
He knows
Neil, have a great weekend
And back to you, thanks
See ya
Okay, there's a lady from Wellington, we also had a lady from what was the other place before that
I couldn't even believe that we never had...
What was it, began with an H?
Who's with an H?
Hennax
We never had a call from the Hamhawks before
Boy, we're making some real progress now, man, we're building it one at a time
Best FAD restaurant according to the readers, if I don't know, not the readers, according to the editors of excess, the Yuppies
California Pizza Kitchen and Fort Lauderdale and Volca, etc
It is the classic pizza, what Denny's is, the breakfast
You've had better, but the convenience can be intoxicating
What does that mean by convenience?
I thought they had like long lines there
I thought they had, you had to wait forever for 85,000 Yuppies online
Who are practicing for later in life down here, they'll be wonderful at the Rascal House
Here's Pevark Pine, hello
Hey, Pallee
Yes, sir
How you doing?
Great
Yeah, I just want to ask you a question on that tape of Jim Mandage when he says I'll wear pasties in a G-string
If he wants me to, he'll be talking about Wayne Heisenga
Of course
Oh, alright
That's the guy, he's pulling all the strings, baby, all the G-strings
Yeah, I got something I think you'd like to hear
I was in a park a lot of publics on hiatus and taffs
Yeah
And I pulled out and I was driving through the aisle
And there's this big Lincoln town car sticking halfway out
Oh, hey
And there was a Geo-Metro in the same spot facing another car in the opposite parking lot
You just trapped in there
I love it
Can you believe it?
Trapped by a Juke anew, I can't believe it
Oh man
Unbelievable
Hey, congratulations
Thank you so much
Well, it's about time
And I want you to play the bridge tender, thank you
Okay, alright, see ya
We have an open line in date, I will play it someday
Open line in date, 751, 1 and 1 and 1 and 5, 2, 4
And the passion lines, of course
And 1-800-944-9463
How's Rosa doing?
You're doing well
Correct?
Correct?
I'm doing my short, sir
Correct?
You didn't want the person outside to see you, correct?
You didn't want the person outside to see you, right?
No, sir
No, sir, you don't want that person to know that you're insane
Correct?
You didn't want that person to see you, correct?
No, sir, you don't want that person to see you, correct?
Bitch
Or you afraid that that person might harm you
That person
Realized that you were there
I thought, I liked that person to tell you that she was a criminal
If that person was aware that she was there
And I don't know, sir, is it something?
No, I'm just afraid
I don't know, that's all.
I don't know, that's all.
Okay, did you call the police?
Very well, stay in the police.
No, sir, what for?
Well, you were very frightened, correct?
Well, you were very frightened, correct?
I was very scared, but what am I going to do, sir?
I was frightened, but what could I do, sir?
Well, and this person wasn't supposed to be on the property.
Look at this California Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell switches parties.
What did I say?
California.
Like I said, Colorado, giving the GOP a 50-4 to 46-age in the Senate.
What, everybody's becoming a Republican now?
They put a gun to his head and they said either your signature or your brains will be on a plate
and he said it will still be empty in either case, on freaking believable.
Okay, let's go to a hellendale on the purple line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How's hellendale?
Hellendale, you're right.
By the time you guys got to me, I'm in West Palm already.
Thank God.
Hey, congratulations, Neil.
Thank you so much.
You know, I've felt like we were a little right that first day.
Not the second day should I say the first day.
I kind of figured it out, but the second day after you went there,
he was yet scared for me.
Not only is he a genius, but he's also the luckiest man I've ever seen in my life.
He just fell into a bucket of stuff there that second day when I got, you know,
I was getting ready to come to work and I took those goddamn zinc tablets and I'm puking and I'm all over the place
and he just lucked into a whole deal there.
Beautiful.
Should take him along to the track.
Great.
Listen, I want to say something to somebody who's listening to me right now is a very important person to me.
Yes.
Mind?
Who is he?
Mark Genital Facts.
Listen, I'm not...
Well, I mean, this is what we call him.
I mean, I don't want to say his last name, but I just want to tell him that we're in his area.
We stole a lot of machines and we're taking all his money.
Okay.
Okay.
I've got it done.
Okay.
Bye.
Open line and day George is non-plus to say the best.
Open line and day 751, purple, pound line and pound IOD and one in Broward.
This is our biggest law of the day so far and probably cause a Rosa.
Now look at it, CNN's going to commercial break.
So here you are.
I'm on. Why you were inside the house that evening?
There's a little piece of the inside that you will get on CNN.
I always turn it on, sir.
Okay. She always turns it on.
The water pick.
I think Rosa's got a water pick.
And so even though you were very frightened that night.
You know, that's why it's not that much that you were scared of.
That night?
You turned off the burglar alarm?
You left the house with the security bars.
You left the house with the security bars?
She left the house.
This is staying.
Can I finish the question?
I can't do things that I've done.
Oh, it's too weak. You see weak.
One at a time, Darden. Okay, drama, diaphragm, will ya?
1248 at WIOD.
10 WIOD. If you're old, gray and wrinkled. Too bad for you.
Hey, enough with the panthers already.
When the hell was the base bosses of me get anywhere?
Hey, Billy, what would you like for your birthday?
My own Louisville slugger.
Briefcase.
If your kid likes $800 business suits expensive cigars and would rather bet on his little league games than play in them,
we're proud to introduce...
The official 1994 baseball strike trading cards.
Yes, each card features an action photo of a sleazy power attorney who helped bring America's pastime to a screeching hall.
Wow, damn. Remember this guy? Dick Ravitch?
He really played hardball behind closed doors. And he's wearing in our money.
Yeah, Billy, and look, the backs of the cards give stats too.
Here's a scumbag who's batting over 600 in favorable court settlements.
I know. It says he shut down an airline, a school system, two city governments, and now baseball.
Collect all 50 owner and player rep cards.
Frame them, trade them, or flush them down the toilet like they did the baseball season.
Okay, Billy, time for bed.
Don't try it, Dad. I'll slap it in junction on you so fast it'll take the shine off those cheap loafers you're wearing.
The 1994 baseball strike trading cards. It sports in the 90s.
About 52 at W.O.D., I'll tell you we have just a momentary low-layer and I think the reason being that it's almost 1 o'clock and the baseball game is almost getting underway, baby. Don't forget.
You better tune over right now because Joe Angel and Dave O'Brien are going to be doing...
I wonder if Phil's going to do some of that today and do a little of his own ball game.
They're going to be doing the replacement players pretending that they're the real marlins and the real astros and it's going to be a real lush...
It's going to be a sham, man. Even Boog's shamby is upset about this piece.
So don't miss that, whatever you do. They're expecting 13-hour people today. It should be phenomenal.
I can't imagine why anybody, anybody, would pay a dime to go see that.
I think that everybody who shows up at those games should be shot immediately.
First in the leg is kind of a gentle warning.
So anyway, I'm looking through the things here, the categories I did find what I was looking for.
And here's the best steakhouse. I'll give you 85 guesses who it might be.
Shula Steakhouse.
Legendary Mime Dolphins coached on Shula's made a name for himself off the field with Shula Steakhouse.
Aiyadi-adi-adi. How especially 28 ounce prime rib with saute mushrooms and onions, 2395.
And you know what all that meat tends to do?
Gigantic amounts of meat clogs the arteries and gets to the brain. That's what it does.
You wind up with Alzheimer's, you can't think straight, you can't see straight.
We need some help. We need some help.
So that explains it. And that's why he's got that gigantic puppy too.
And how about that great tight end, Randall Hill, D-Fo?
What is that man talking about? Here's Pompano. Hello.
Yes, I'm Neil. My buddy has horses with Neppolotino, Jr.
Yes? At Pompano. Right.
And they went up to the metal lands and he's racing up there tonight in one of the races.
And a couple of races. One from the metal lands, one from Yonkers.
And the night on satellite dish, I picked you up on Pompano.
I met you on one of the horses at Jet Center.
Right, exactly. Played by the rules, Dave.
Right. Yeah, they're going up to watch the race tonight.
I wanted to tell you, once in a while I can pick you up when you're on Pompano on the satellite dish.
Yeah.
And I picked you up that night that you gave up a whole bunch of winners, the $19 horse.
Right, 10 winners.
Right, you were unbelievable at night.
But guess what, I'm not doing it anymore, sir.
You're all you're not.
Not doing it anymore because the drivers are very thin, skinned, very upset.
They didn't like my comments. And so I said, you know, screw you guys.
But normally you can't pick that up on a satellite dish, can you?
No, it's supposed to be scrambled. They probably forgot.
Can I just give my band a plug for tonight?
Go ahead, sir.
Saturday nights at Talk to Feel Good, the regulators.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, plunge your brains out.
Open line and dates and Broward.
I mean, whatever the hell I had placed is 5249463.
I do notice by the way, since excess, which is, I guess it's mainly more of a Broward thing than a date, isn't it?
Yeah, new times is more of a date one and excess more of Broward.
But nonetheless, they do cover both date and Broward here in all the categories.
But more of their selections on restaurants are in Broward and rightfully so.
Because most of the restaurants in town are in Broward.
Make no mistake about that.
Here's North Miami Beach on a date on a Broward line.
Hello.
Okay, like I said, there's an asshole on a Broward line wasting a lot of somebody's money.
Two open lines and Broward, 5249463.
See what I'm saying?
In the baseball game is coming on out.
It's not Rosa Lopez.
Oh, and that's right.
They're gone.
CNN has still got it on there.
But AP Radio is crappin' out because they'll president a, who also has a bad memory and keeps swaffling all over the place like her.
He's doing a press conference.
So AP Radio is crappin' out on us.
So, too bad for us.
Now we're really between the baseball game and Rosa and CNN were done.
We're finished.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
See.
I don't think Miss Rosa, No Mast Lopez needs interpreter.
Yeah.
Because when she started out, you know, the people were telling you.
Yeah.
They were telling you your liar and she would answer like, what do you mean?
I mean, I'm like, I mean, I'm a general no-mast one.
Yeah, well, they showed that interview, that TV interview I mentioned this before.
And the very first interview she did, the guy was talking only in English from one of the commercial stations in LA.
And she understood every word and she was responding, you know, a little broken English, but, you know, you could understand it.
And then she started the thing with the voices.
She heard voices and then he said, oh, she never said no voice.
She had no voices, noises.
She is the biggest piece of crap I have ever seen in my life.
No, boy.
Also a happy anniversary.
Thank you so much.
And everybody at FPL wishes you a good, next five years.
And here's for them.
And also in closing, they are over her Miss Rosa talking to interpreter and she said, see, OJ,
no mató a Nicole, el hipoporto.
Okay.
See, yeah.
We have an open line.
It did.
751, Piejo.
751, WIOD.
What the hell was that all about?
I don't know.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you so much.
I'm calling because I, um, long time ago, somebody called up and said the peaches by Tony Roma, the oldest one, closed down.
Right.
Okay, well, there's a sign out on the window that says Wayne Hypinga grows again.
Really?
They're turning it into a blockbuster.
Oh, and yeah, right.
Yeah, they bought it out.
I can't believe it.
And guess what else?
I guess you don't know this yet.
They're buying up specs, too.
Oh, God.
All the specs are being bought by Blockbuster.
Oh, God.
So all the specs.
All the why?
All the specs.
All the specs are being bought by Jackbuster, right?
No, thank you.
How do you like that?
No, thank you.
I can't stand him.
And I can't stand OG.
I'm one of the few lady listeners that don't, uh, you're the only one I got left.
You're the only one.
They're all roasting it right now.
I can't stand her.
Isn't that, isn't that, how can anybody watch it?
I can't stand her.
And when I go home, I turn it on and I've been accused of watching it list because I've got some interest in it.
I turn it on and the house because I'm afraid I'm going to miss something that I got to talk about here on the air.
And the fact is there's nothing to miss.
It's just so ponderous.
It just goes on and on and it's so slow.
I like anything else in court.
See, people really believe because they're the creatures of the television age.
They really believe that everything in court is like perimation.
And it's very dramatic and they go real quick from one to the other and all of a sudden somebody gets up in the audience and in the crowd.
And he's like, hey, you did it.
Yeah, I did it.
And that's it.
Life doesn't work that way in the court.
It is very slow and very tedious and very boring.
And lots of long terminal pauses.
And how do people are staying with us beats me?
It beats me too.
I mean, if anybody...
I'm hearing it twice every time she talks because I understand Spanish.
I'm a spick.
Right.
And I mean, it's ridiculous.
It's totally ridiculous.
I mean, even the judge yesterday, he got so tired of this about two-thirds of the way through.
He looked up and said, I have no life.
God, it's just pathetic.
Well, we knew that anyway.
Exactly.
I have a request.
You bet.
If you can play the Neil God song, you got it.
I love it.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Sure.
Momo, you're a douchebag.
And a real Momo.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Three, two.
Bye-bye.
Open line of day at 751, the green lines, they were very...
They were smoking.
They were very hot.
The beginning of the show.
Now they're not so hot.
Now they're cold as ice, baby.
Now there is cold as...
1-800-944-946-3-189-444-W.
Don't forget Greg Lucena-san with the D-FO.
I had a line I was going to use about that, but not a good choice.
He'll be on with D-FO on Sports Talk by tape, of course, 7-8 tonight.
Here's a mobile and four-loader deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You got me?
Got you.
I got one shameless request, but first I'd like to wish you a happy 19th anniversary.
Thank you.
A shameless request is the Uranus commercial.
Yeah.
The car commercial.
I was wondering if you could get that on.
You mean Ben Dover's Uranus?
I guess that's what it would be.
Okay.
And I'd like to call Rick in Coral Springs a douchebag.
Okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
Okay, we have an open line in day at 7-5-1-1-1-524, and the four people who are still ruining
listening now that Rosa's only on CNN, please call.
We need the help.
Hey, Goldberg, for Bature Hardout.
News, talk, and entertainment radio.
I have no idea.
610-W-I-O-D.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
Rosa, don't know much.
Good afternoon at 1 o'clock. I'm Jennifer Ramm.
610-W-I-O-D news.
Brought to you by Slick50.
W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-A-S-J.
News, talk, and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 7-5-1-W-I-O-D in date.
524-W-I-O-D in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's over and close.
One can come into contact with the Coral Duis or the W-I-O-D.
And so you know, one customer's can call pound-I-O-D at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A news, talk, and entertainment radio.
610-W-I-O-D.
Oh boy, it's the 1-2 hour.
Yeah.
Do you believe that?
How the hell did that have?
The video I-O-D.
Oh, Neil, God.
Oh, Neil, God.
More power than it else, President Seyman.
Yeah.
I'm the most powerful God-day man in the world.
Yes, I am.
Oh boy, there's God.
Neil, God.
More power than it else, President Seyman.
Yeah.
I'm the most powerful God-day man in the world.
So is the Coral Duis.
Burgers are made out of people.
Oh boy.
Six for never.
You can't get that taste and smell.
How do you feel?
While 86% of newborn boys in this cup are circumcised,
the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no pre-pure.
I'm glad I am.
Oh boy.
Neil, God.
Neil, God.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Neil, God.
Oh boy.
Neil, God.
Oh boy.
I am.
Oh boy.
I will not patronize blockbuster or any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior.
You got to ask me.
You got to ask me.
You heard me.
You got to ask me.
It's me again.
It's an all-john provocateur.
Oh yeah.
Don't have a bone spot.
Don't think I'll hate.
I know that the Lord even loves Daniel Rogers.
Father of the Lord.
God.
Neil, God.
Oh boy.
This is Mary Converter.
Neil, God.
Oh boy.
John, I'm glad.
How's that hand job?
Something long time.
Ah, you have no peace.
I don't do myself as well when I'm telling you.
It isn't that.
It's great radio.
I am that hemorrhage.
Do we have a longer cord than a spence of crap?
Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his neck.
Okay.
Oh, Neil.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left to freak alone, okay?
I'm in and mine, but she's got a 4-tubby bag.
Look, protect yourself.
Oh, boy.
Neil, God.
Oh, she did their fail.
They're doing that crap again out there.
God.
Yes.
Oh, boy.
Neil, God.
I don't know.
How are they now?
President, say, man.
I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world.
Absolutely correct.
Here's the lady, mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Great.
My name is Kayla and I'm calling to tell you that I have had numerous arguments with self-operability
and they tell me that you guys are the ones to cancel the contract.
They are the biggest liars on the face of the earth, okay?
Yeah.
You're in Tide.
Well, they keep on telling me.
I said that to them and they said no way.
And, truthfully, they didn't need this number for business and my clients didn't all have it.
I would have canceled.
But they can't insist that you're the ones that.
They are absolutely, they lie through their teeth.
I have one more statement to you.
Yes, ma'am.
My son chaps his body and he's not gay.
Your son shaves his body?
Oh, he discussed that before.
How old is he?
About six?
Yeah, I guess.
Twenty five.
Well, I'll close, twenty three.
Twenty-three and he shaves his body because he says he's not gay.
And he says he's not a fag.
Right.
he works out. Yes, all he hangs out at the gym allot he shaves his body. Yes, pictures of
Greg Lucena son of a wall in his bedroom. Well, his girlfriend hates it too, but what's his name?
What's the he takes up and for football and hate the pose of hair is a drive them crazy. On his chest?
No, no. On his legs. On his legs. He doesn't shave his chest. Please tell me. I don't know, but I wouldn't put it past him.
I don't know. Unbelievable. Okay, be ready on that day when a big announcement comes, okay?
Have a great weekend. Bye bye. Hey, look at this. There is a there is a God somewhere. Man, there's a serpent.
There's a Andy Christ or something because look who's on air right now. It's old Baba. He's all choked up.
Baba's on air on CNN too. So you notice did you see how they all disappeared because they all ran to
CNN because AP audio didn't have Rosa no more, but guess what? Surprise. Too bad. You'll lose.
CNN says, well, you know, we're going to try to remain incredible news outfit, even though he is
pretty boring and nobody cares about him anymore. And we got 85 billion Republicans now and everybody's
ashamed. See, first what they did, they made the word liberal, a dirty word. Nobody was a liberal
anymore. Then progressive. Now that's like liberal. That's bad. Then like Democrat. Oops, that's bad.
So even the dockies have been banned and Washington now no more ass. Here's North Bay Village. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I just got done reading that excess survival guide. Yes. And I just want to say,
the people who reviewed those columns are a bunch of stunk and agonist. Yeah. Because the only
ad that they got right, the only review they got right was the one about you being the best radio
personality. That's the only one in the entire list. You're absolutely correct, sir. And the one
that they missed the most was the video store because video waves rule. What a sense of humor.
Have a great life, Fally. Put a lid on it. We have an open line and a purple line at pound
IOD. I think the air pounded over there right now wouldn't be a first. Anyway, now what is that?
The best of Johnny Cochran? Where the hell did that come from? What is that? You've seen him on the TV.
You've seen him in the corner. He's sweeping the nation as the master of cross examination.
And now he's singing for you. He's Johnny Cochran. And he's welling out of pounder hand,
flabbin' foot, softin' toe, it's his own. Who's making love to O.K.'s old lady? He was running on his
good foot, running on his good foot. Yes, he was Johnny Cochran. Singing with Wayne Cochran.
Get down with it. You're really doing well. Let's do the dunk and get down with it. Yeah, baby.
Get down with it. Because I feel very good. I feel quite well, thank you.
I knew that I would. I'm quite confident, quite confident that O.K. is telling the truth.
I like it. Johnny Cochran, right? And help O.K.
He's being true. I put it to you with great certitudes that O.K. is telling the truth.
Yes.
Yes.
He'll Nicole.
Okay, told him. 113 at WIOD.
16 WIOD.
We're not my aunties number one station, but hey, we can't speak Spanish.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and paste these in a G-string up here, I'll do it.
If your car's life is over, go see Bend over.
Oh, yeah. You've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn.
Now come and dig Uranus. Love that new car smell. Nothing smells like Uranus.
Dependability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus.
Take the plunge, now be courageous. Bend over and ride your Uranus.
And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried.
Uranus. Powerful. Yet great with gas. Need trunk space? Rest assured you can pack anything in
Uranus. And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-lover kidded joints will soften the blow.
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus and leave that messy paperwork to us.
Check out Uranus.
Take the dive light, Greg, Blue.
Bend over and ride your Uranus.
117 at WIOD, I am just a, this is for me.
Oh no!
Oh!
From Kathy the Slut Willets, autographed picture, Neil Hot and Wet Kisses love Kathy Willets
in a provocative squat pose. And here's Shane Tyler with two enormous
memories.
To Neil Rogers, I'm a big fan, your great love you.
Shane Tyler, I got to doubt Shane.
And most of the guys in the audience would like to.
Look at that. Boy, now that's something where, uh,
her next to Kathy Willets, I mean, is that something they even think about hard?
Where's that thing? Oh, she's, uh, uh, no.
Every time I see Kathy's picture, I do that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Oh, Dale.
Yes.
You're a bit.
Okay, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Daddy.
Okay, we're on a roll now.
Here's Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Classic stuff.
Yeah.
Well, we're here for the stuff that dreams are made of.
Great news.
Read a waiver from CBS Pucks with a Whisp.
So it's actually a weed up waiver when you ask questions.
Yes, it is.
It's very funny.
Anyway.
Anyway, it's time bullcaw.
Listen, you cannot believe what's going on.
Probably how she got it.
What is going on out there?
It's just a brutal radio wise.
Not only is your former protege up here in the afternoon,
putting everybody to sleep with their analyses of the trial.
Yes, she's analyzing it.
Yes.
Where's the net?
She hates every opportunity.
The prosecution makes and kills them on everything.
Her league takes a ridiculous point of view
that everyone is credible, except, of course,
to state the police, the prosecutors,
anyone else who happened to be the vicinity of me.
It's pathetic.
For you.
It hits me on that.
About the way she was taking shots and does take credit
for a man that's and does use that stuff on the air.
So I don't know if he can't care about that.
What do you mean, take credit for Mandage?
She said that was her original call.
No, it was not.
She said that was her original fine.
And you kind of a kind of a...
What was her fine?
For pre-eated.
What?
Mandage.
The fact that he used to say...
Well, you know what he used to say.
Whatever you mean what he said.
All these clips were taken out of Dolphin Broadcast
that run his station.
Well, you know what I'm saying?
She discovered it and she just said,
I'm not going to go into this.
Because they're people like you that want to start a heavy thing.
I wouldn't waste my time.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I only empathize for the fact that she's got to work up there
with a bunch of 900-year-old retards
and more power to it.
That's all.
I understand completely.
And you are still God, by the way.
I thought that was Henry who did the second.
Oh, was that Drusy?
I always thought that was Henry.
Henry's on another planet.
Henry's still on Uranus with...
Henry's is...
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Can't you tell the difference between...
Oh!
And...
You're absolutely right.
I got my own mixed up.
Have a great life, Faling.
Later, I'm...
See ya.
Quick, stirring up the pot.
He's stirring the pot.
Go smoke it.
Don't stir it.
We have an open line on the green line.
Here's Mara Lieson from National Public Radio,
asking the president,
Hey, what's the story?
Are you still a president or what?
He says, well, it's what I have to think about.
I'll have to...
I want to look at how they're implemented.
For one thing, if you look at the rules and what they mean,
it's difficult to draw a...
a conclusion about whether they even do it.
Oh, God.
You thought Rosa was boring.
Okay, 120 at the WIOD.
I just thought I would mention that.
16 WIOD.
9 out of 10 Dennis Drill to WIOD.
Okay, speaking of drilling it, man,
we got something to give away now.
See that?
Mitch from Video Waves, he is a painting the ass.
But nonetheless, he came all the way down here
and brought us a bunch of stuff to give away
or for me to take home, which I don't want any of this.
And we sure don't want Lisa to see the covers on ease
because she'll get really upset.
Now there's nothing bad on there.
They're just doing it.
Yeah, oh my God.
So, we got four porno tapes here.
You must be over the age of 18
because if you lie about that,
we'll come to your house and give you a spanking.
But we'll give these away on the air.
And then Mitch from Video Waves thinks
that we're going to bring him in here and put him
as that what he thought.
We're going to invite him back here.
We don't want you in here, man.
You're a pain in the grass.
He bought one spot on a shore right away.
Now he's a superstar in here.
He thinks he's ponytail, Jr.
So let's give these four away.
Now here's one is sabotage
starring Vilaria,
Bridget Amy,
Sandy Beach,
Sandy Beach.
That's Ned Smith.
Boy, how the...
You might hear fallen, huh?
With Steven Sanquah,
Peter North, Tom Byron, and TT Boy.
And of course, in this one,
Peter North is so old.
Look at that.
It looks like a wrinkle old man.
Looks like he's doing it at cemetery village.
At least it has to look again.
Let me take a peek at that, you said.
And we got John Leslie's
The Boy You're starring Liquid Slater.
Liquid Slater in her debut tape,
No Holes Bar,
but here's another one, The Boy You're Number Two.
Directed and produced and written by that aging,
really ugly John Leslie.
Who else is in this?
With Sean Michaels,
John Doe,
Doe,
Don't you love the name of all the pornostars,
John Doe,
Joey Silvera?
Oh, and you know that Ebola virus?
That's the right, it's the Arbola virus.
That's what you get from watching all these old pornotapes.
Don't you remember Arbola?
I think he was in Debbie Does Dallas.
Chad Thomas,
Tom Chapman, Kyle Stone,
Ricky Ricardo,
Ricky Ricardo.
Oh my God, just at the moment,
at the moment of excitement in this video,
you know what it is that Ricky Ricardo says, don't you?
So that's the The Boy You're Number Two,
sabotage the first one.
Badlands Two Back Into Hell,
starring Sarah Jane Hamilton,
who has got an ugly push baby,
big hooters, but an ugly push,
Bridget Amy,
Sahara Sands,
Nikki Sin,
Chanel, Jonathan Morgan,
Jake Williams,
Alec Sanders,
Mike Horner,
and John Doe,
D-O-O-J,
whatever it is.
And the fourth one is called,
Fireball Two,
Up In Flames.
Four more hours of awesome redhead,
head, head,
starring Brittany O'Connell,
Ariel Knight,
Nikki Sin,
Nicole London,
Camille,
Dana Dillon,
Peter North,
Jacqueline Terry Diver,
Terry Driver of the,
of the New Jersey Devils,
Claire Tyler,
Tony Tadeshi,
Tara Monroe,
Alec Sanders,
Sierra Camille,
Cindy Somersad,
Seid,
Sad.
And old what's her name,
I think, has got a Camille in there too.
Not that old and not that,
okay, here's a mobile in Miami on a Broward Line.
Hello.
Hello, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I would like to get one of those
tornadoes.
But you're really?
Yeah, I would, man.
Well, which one sounds appealing to you, sir?
What was that one that you did in Nicole Simpson
was introducing in in Nicole Simpson
or what Nicole Hendrickson,
or what did you think?
I said,
Up In Flames was the one with Nicole.
Nicole, is that a good one?
I don't know.
Which one are you talking about?
I don't know.
Get cereal now,
you're going to lose your spot.
Right.
Tell them you,
you recommend one to me.
I think you'd like,
Sabotage looks pretty good.
Sabotage.
Looks good to me.
That sounds pretty good to me.
Some very gigantic hooters.
If you're a hooter man,
this is up your alley, man.
I'm an ass man.
I like ass.
Some very elegant ass in this one,
too, as a matter of fact.
I like that, babe.
Okay, you got it, pal.
Okay, how do I get it?
Just hang on.
Okay, I'm holding it.
And don't hold it too tight, though.
What? Why?
Don't wear it out.
I will.
Okay, there's a guy in six.
I think that's Mitch Coden from Video Waves
trying to get his tapes back now.
If he gives you the name Mitch,
anything,
or anything that rhymes with Mitch.
So that got some instant response on the phone.
Look at that.
Even the green lines are all lit up.
What the hell is that on the floor that I keep stepping on?
God, there's some goddamn mung down there.
It's bad.
It's bad.
I think it's the Arbolovirus.
Anybody know who Arbol is?
Very ugly, very hairy.
Another one of these really.
See, that's the problem with the porno industry
is that there's about 15 people.
And I'm talking about, wow, maybe 20.
Going back over the years.
Over the last 20 years,
it's the same goddamn 20 people.
And you got Amber Lynn and Loretta Lynn
and Tracy Lord and Jack Lord.
And just the same guy in Peter North
who of course is now 85 years old
and used to look really great.
It's still a straight shooter.
And you got that Joey Severa,
whose name used to be Joey Silvera.
And in a same old,
hired terminal.
And there's a few hot numbers,
but not too many.
Here's a lady in South Miami
who I'm sure doesn't want any of this
disgusting feel.
Hello.
Here we have that.
Video on WK.
Okay, we have an open line in day,
751 and one in Broward,
524, 9463.
It's really worth waiting
about a half an hour, 40 minutes to go on
for about a half a second
with all your clever little rigged up crap, man.
That's, you talk about a half no life.
That's the one thing about this show,
about every show,
every about talk radio in general.
That's really revealing.
Is when they wait and they wait and they wait.
They've got it all queued up
and they got their little plans
and they're going to,
that's it.
Just for a quick,
I hope it was good for you, man.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that, that one was Ricky Riccardo.
Ricky Riccardo.
Is that real?
Here's an I love Loosley fan.
Really?
He comes home and Loosies naked
with another girl and he says,
Loosley, you've got a lot of
splain in total.
Yeah.
Hey, listen to Sandy Payton and Jill Beach.
I think they're in
that Sandy Beach, you center.
Sandy Payton and Jill Beach are doing it
on the beach on the waterfront
with Marlon Brando.
Hey, Neil, great to hear you.
Where's the Ricky Riccardo in here?
I'm a serial.
Anyway, go ahead.
Yeah.
Glad to see that that wasn't true.
I got a little,
got chaotic.
My life was getting...
You actually believed it, huh?
Here's another...
No, you know,
do you want me to tell you something
that's really embarrassing
these last couple of days?
Is that now that the cat is out of the bag
and this whole charade of fill,
which is, you know, just a bunch of cramp.
All these people bought it
and they don't want to admit it.
Did you ever want me to enjoy
the people bought it?
And now it's, oh, we knew all the time.
And boy, that fill is sure got a great,
he's number one.
He's got a great sense of humor.
But they were buying it.
Neil, I asked him one question.
I knew it wasn't true.
Yeah.
I said, are you happy that he's gone?
I said, how do you feel?
But he said, I'm sad.
I said, if you were gone,
he'd be the happiest.
Yeah, I didn't.
Right.
He'd be top of the totem, Paul.
Yeah, well, then he started going
into that thing about
how he was number one now
and things were going to change around it.
I mean, that's the way he does all his stick.
Yeah, well, he starts out at one point.
He keeps making it crazier and crazier
and more and more ridiculous.
Neil's going to start a family
up there in upstate New York.
Right, of course.
There you go.
All right, Neil.
Yes.
Honey, get the junior.
That's father O'Toole again.
Father O'Toole, God.
Let's try that one more time the other way.
Father O'Toole, God.
Get the honey, junior.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
Steve Nichol here.
You had a caller call up earlier
and say that I did the sports
on the morning show.
Yes, Steve.
Well, that's true.
We had to send Sunny
on a project upstate 95 north.
I told him to go to.
He hit the dead end.
Yeah.
Now, I've only been here a short time,
Neil at W.I.D., but I feel like we are a family.
And I would like to officially offer you
a contract extension for the next five years
when your current one runs out.
Well, Steve, I got an extension for you
and I think it'll come in handy
because from what I've heard,
we have an open line in Broward,
5249-463-524-WIOD.
He doesn't have a long contract.
He's got a short one.
Anyway, it's 131.
Phil Henry will be here.
The real Phil Henry.
Okay.
At the two.
And then the best of Phil,
the more the best of Neil,
the more the best of Phil, the more we got,
tapes up the ass over the weekend.
And man, are we really happy to be saving all that money?
Because we never had any audience
on the weekend in the first place,
except when that bitch, Meg Green, was on.
How's Meg Green doing, by the way?
Anybody talked to her lately?
Anybody seen that she looks over 70 on Channel 4
on the morning now on Saturday?
Meg Green on money.
Meg Green on money.
This morning at 10 on South Florida's
news traffic and weather station.
News talk radio.
610-WIOD.
See, when Meg was a little girl,
she thought that thing was a piggy bank.
But every time she put the coins in and stood up,
they kept falling out.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got to have a video, man.
What do you mean by that?
I got to have it.
Your desperate?
I'm desperate as hell.
Well, what do we got left here?
We got Voyer 2, the John Leslie
directing and producing,
which means it's probably pretty boring.
Oh, there's a lot of die-caxing.
This one looks like.
Yeah, yeah.
I wonder if that redhead one sounds good.
The redhead one up in flames?
Yeah, yeah.
Four more hours of awesome redhead head, it says.
Yeah, yeah.
So you can't get much more head than that.
Bobby Clark in that?
Bobby Clark is in there, yeah.
And red barbers in here, too, as a matter of fact.
So the action's gotta be pretty good.
And Rusty Stop, also.
Oh, Rusty, yeah.
Leigh Ron or Raj's deflaming a ranch.
Hang on, let me go.
All right.
Okay, there's a desperate horny guy on five.
He's getting the,
are you marking down who's getting what, by the way?
It's a good thing all these guys sound really old
because we sure don't want to be given away
no porno tapes to any minors on here.
That's all we need.
The AFA would have a goddamn nervous breakdown, wouldn't they?
And wouldn't that be too bad?
Because they might see something
that they probably been doing all week anyway.
133, let's go to a crawl springs on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Is red fox in that tape?
Red fox is in there, too, yeah.
Hey, I got a couple of questions about...
Jimmy Hendrix does Foxy Lady on a soundtrack.
Hey, the satellite dish getting back to the important business.
Yes, sir.
If you live in coral springs, you need no permits.
You can just hang the thing.
Well, these things are so small that, I mean,
if you've got a south, a southern or southwest exposure,
you'll, you know, they can put it on the ground.
In other words, they...
You're in your porch, huh?
Rowie put on your porch, you can put it outside.
You're window, you can put it in this spot.
I'm sure everybody has got a spot.
Don't worry about that stuff.
You'll find a spot.
Okay, then do you just stay up because...
I look around.
Because the best part of it is...
This is the great deal.
Is that the satellite that it's on is like in the middle of the spectrum.
So it's like straight up in the air.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's...
So it's not like something that has the point
and you have to start moving trees and bushes.
You don't have to worry about anything blocking it.
As long as they don't put it under like an overhang
or a ledge or something like that.
You know what you follow?
I'm with you.
As long as it's got a straight shot,
we're like right up in the air, there it is.
What about the, you know, I've been looking at them now,
since you've been talking about it,
the, you know, the 899 versus 699.
I don't know anything about that.
Has anybody explained to you what the difference is in the TV Sievers?
So they said that the only difference is you can hook up another TV.
And that's the only difference?
That's the only difference.
In other words, if you ever...
So yeah, it's got more outputs.
So in other words, I paid an extra 200 value.
Mohammed, I'm gonna, I'm gonna strangle you, man.
I don't wanna hang up no extra.
I thought that it was a different receiver.
It just has more outputs.
So go for the cheaper that makes it even more advertising.
So it's only 699 plus installation.
So for about 900, 800...
Is it 699 or 599?
699.
Well, hold on, I wanna clarify the 899.
He said it gives you the ability to hook up another TV.
Right.
Yeah, because it's got more outputs on it.
Right, okay.
Right.
You're the satellite man.
Huh?
You're the satellite man.
I know, but I'm saying if you don't care about that,
which most people don't, then screw it.
Go for the 200 bucks less.
Yeah, I just put around the big 60-incher.
Right.
And let her fly.
Exactly.
So the, well, I think, I think I'm so...
Listen, I'm serious.
I love mine.
I'm so ecstatic that I got to stay in the picture.
It's fabulous and it's so convenient having now.
Now with my big dish, I basically only like diddler
around with the sports channels in my CBC Canada
for the hockey games and some of the back-haul feeds,
you know, that you can't get on the other dish.
But other than that, I don't have to mess with
the big dish that much.
And now, the little one.
And I'll tell you, the hockey games
is quite a few like last night,
there were, I think, four hockey games on there,
out of the five that were we've played.
And tomorrow, there's four more games on.
So there's a lot of sports on there.
Well, and I ordered the direct TV.
At the football packages, 1.19.
Somebody called up and said it was 1.49.
And 1.19, and that's for all the games.
Yeah, that was erroneous.
Right.
But in closing.
And the great part of it will be this.
And that is that, though, I mean,
they also want a big dish to rely on one satellite.
But on this, it'll all be just flipped
from one channel to another.
And they'll all be right there right next to each other.
That's how they do all the sports.
Now, how much should you pay to have it put in?
Well, they say a couple hundred.
A couple hundred dollars.
That's what your Mohammed guy charges.
Right.
Okay, the one last thing is,
hey, Phil had us all going.
I don't care what anybody says.
The part he messed up was,
somebody on the news should have reported it,
not on the big news, but on your local station, your 610.
Yeah.
And then people get really hit.
People get asked in that, which is the obvious thing.
But hey, don't confuse him with the facts.
Hey, he can't cover everything.
In closing, settle your big,
don't smoke and douchebag.
Okay.
See ya.
See ya.
Yeah, the DCS, man, is the way to go.
I'll say it again.
I gave the address out.
I gave the phone number out.
I'll do it again because I'm a big believer.
And plus I find out that Cox cable is involved deeply
in this prime, prime star crap
with the cable company.
And of course they are a cable company.
So screw them.
Let's really plug the DSS now.
Big time.
And just what I told Bob Green,
who of course wished me a happy anniversary,
not or anything else,
because they're too busy.
They're having their meetings.
They just don't care about people.
Keep that in mind.
Don't ever forget that.
And it was interesting when Phil was doing this
stick people saying,
we didn't always had all these problems
with management and they treat people like crap.
And that's true.
That part is not stick or anything else.
Believe me when I tell you,
these people are ass murderers.
They use people.
They drain them.
They twist them.
They bleed them.
And they discard them like yesterday's Goddamn garbage.
I'm looking through here.
Here it is.
If you want to get more information about direct TV,
you can call our toll free number.
This is the 18 NCRCA satellite.
The number is 1-800-347-3288-1800-direct-tv.
Not direct, direct.
1-800-347-3288.
And it'll give you all the dope
and tell you what's available and, uh,
et cetera, and so on.
And you can go into any standard brands
or a lot of the other electronic stores
and take a look at it.
I'm sure they have them all set up.
And you can see the picture is great.
Anybody tells you otherwise.
Anybody tells you that there's a lot of downtime
with a picture.
Tell them they are full of it.
They're loaded with it.
138-2WIOD.
And WIOZ.
Dream Atture Modulation.
Kathy, well, it sucks.
So what else is new?
Oh!
Goin' out with lots of girls.
We were ready for a brand new scene.
All of them streeters like kings.
But we're really just a pair of queens.
Straight and pants and so called.
And rollin' on ships.
But kiss the new world in our ships.
No one cares.
We're here to New York City.
And our ship.
Out is where the king is.
And our ship is heading.
We were 80s underwear.
Okay.
We're going to the same swaying.
We're like the same.
And dancing in our seats.
Wow.
He doesn't matter.
He's got a mate.
And just as long as we can taste.
So come on.
Every guy around the guy.
Everyone at this.
Don't buy.
And don't dance.
We're dancing in our seats.
We're dancing in our seats.
The seven sisters go see A.
We're dancing in our seats.
Let's go easy DC now.
Just forget that he's our pretty.
We're dancing on.
All is where the king is.
We're dancing.
We were 80s underwear.
We're going to the same.
We're like the same.
And dancing in our seats.
We're dancing in the seats.
And dancing in our seats.
Dancing in the seats.
Dancing in our seats.
We're dancing in the seats.
143 at WID still might snatch one of these two tapes that we got left between now and two.
If you're lucky and of course is not.
Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Hello Neil. Yes sir.
First time caller.
Great. Happy New Year to you.
Thank you so much and happy Jervos.
Yes thank you.
And happy Porum. Yes.
Thank you to you too.
You know I listened to Aaron Somershow for the first time coming back on 95 years.
I almost drove into a bridge.
It was driving me crazy.
Really? But when I listened to her it was so good.
She was great on Phil show.
She was great at two yesterday.
That was probably the best hour she's done on the stage.
If she could do a lot more like that.
Yeah. And be a lot more natural and laid back and relaxed.
Then she'd butch that show up a little bit.
Maybe do about a one five.
And what she looked like.
She's okay. She's got a great ass.
She's got ample hooters and she's alright.
Yeah.
I gave her about a seven.
Okay. But which she speaks you know.
I gave her appearance about a seven.
The show about a minus 85.
Now if you could just kind of even that out a little bit.
Right. She then put about a minus 75.
Right.
Do you have another tape available?
I have a badlands two back into hell speaking of Aaron Somershow.
Yeah. Is she in the tape?
She makes a cameo in it.
Okay.
And she's the one with the water massage.
Sarah Jane Hamilton is in this one with Bridget Amy and Sahara Sen.
So that either got that or the warrior with liquid slater.
Liquid slater.
Yeah. And a lot of dyke action in that one.
I like that.
And dyke action and dark action both.
Okay. Hang on pal.
Yeah. Thank you.
Okay. That guy's on seven area.
Another repurvert.
See this is where it's at.
All these guys want these goddamn porn movies.
What the hell is this world coming to anyway?
All these people want to see a bunch of naked people doing all kinds of animalistic barbaric disgusting things.
And why the hell not?
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with watching people do it?
If you can't do it yourself, you might as well watch somebody else do it.
That's what I've already said.
And of course, then if you can always kind of dive in.
And I want to get very emotional people.
So why even worry about it right now?
Let's not say not usually.
Here's a mobile in Bombay.
Hello.
Daniel happy, a belated anniversary.
Thank you so much.
I was debating whether I was going to become a season ticket holder for the dolphins or buy one of those DSS dishes.
Yeah.
It's probably quite about the same.
No contest.
You really?
Not even close.
They've jacked the prices up on the dolphin thing now.
I mean, I'd say screw it.
I'm not buying any.
You ripped the gun to go back.
No, I'm not.
Because you had pretty choice seats.
Oh, the best.
The best seats in the house.
Wow.
And I guarantee you a fat rich's ass will be in both of them this coming season.
He needs both of those seats.
He does.
To begin with, there's one last tape left.
Is that still available?
I'm going to get the last choice.
Yes.
You have a choice of badlands two back into hell or badlands two back into hell.
Oh, take the first one.
Take the first one.
You got it.
Thank you, Neil.
Hang on.
That guy's on six.
He's got a grip on that.
And there you go.
I told you, it's not something good for us today.
And we did.
Thanks to Mitch from Video Wave, so Spot is coming up in a moment anyway.
So, watch it.
He's running a spot on his show.
What a guy.
Huh?
Running a couple of spots on the show.
He thinks he owns a goddamn place.
Takes more than that.
It takes more than just a few porno tapes in a couple of spots to win us over.
It takes something like a really good free meal.
That'll do it.
Here's Kiba's gain.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Can you clear up something that came up?
I was phoned dropped off as soon as we gave last tape away.
Yes, sir?
Can you clear up something that came up during your wake on Phil's show the other day?
Yeah, but...
Yeah.
We were all having a contest calling up like saying,
who's been listening to you the longest?
Yeah, and I asked that today, how come I'm not hearing from any of these people?
And like, I've been listening to Neil for ten...
No, I've been listening to fifteen of the same years.
Right.
There are people listening for twenty-five years.
They've only been here in nineteen.
But they call Phil and will tell them that.
But they won't call and tell me that.
What kind of crap is that?
Well, I'm pretty sure I heard you on your first station.
This was like in 1976.
Right.
K-T.
Well, it was in my...
Then I heard somebody calling and saying,
oh, yeah, K-T up there on hundred thirty-fifth in Biscayne.
When I was at K-T, it was over.
Off Alton Road.
It was on Bay Road on Miami Beach.
Off Alton Road behind the Amaco Station there.
In fact, the tower is still there.
And one hundred and thirty-fifth in Biscayne is that Haitian K-T.
Now that new Howard Primer deal at Piece of Crap they got.
Now, weren't you on a station where they changed their call letters?
Yes.
Like originally it was like WFUN or WFUN?
That is correct. WFUN, the old fun,
which used to be the number one rock station down.
And they played rock music.
I used to listen on my little AM radio.
And it was brought by Sudbury Broadcasting.
And you became a talk station.
Right.
And that was the first time I heard you when they switched from music to talk.
I left K-T as a matter of fact, it's interesting because it was exactly two years.
And March 1st of 78.
We went on a year at WNWS.
And I was there for, uh, God, six years.
And then I was doing nights eight to midnight.
So was, was FUN your first station?
No. K-T was the first station.
Before and I went from there to, well, wasn't FUN?
It was WNWS.
FUN became WNWS.
That's right. They bought it.
They changed the call letters.
Okay. Well, then I wasn't the one.
And then WNZ and then Zeta and then over here.
Well, what do you mean you said you heard K-T?
Well, no. I heard you late.
Well, were you on K-T again?
No, 76 and 77.
No, okay. Well, the first time I heard you was when FUN switched their call letters.
That was the first time I heard you.
Well, you must have been living close to a flagristry because, boy, we had so many in the beginning,
the signal problems were just hallucinations.
Always terrible.
I think to that station.
Yeah. But I was in highly, actually.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, well, I'd love to contest, but I'm still glad you made it this long.
Thanks a lot. Happy anniversary.
Thank you. See ya.
Yeah. They call a fill.
Oh, yeah. I remember Neil 19.02.
He was really good today.
Well, Calvin Coolidge was a baby. He was great.
Yeah.
But they won't call me and tell me that because they're afraid that I don't like them sucking around.
What's wrong with a little sucking around on a special occasion on your birthday, on your anniversary?
What's wrong with a little suction? Huh?
Can't be all bad.
I mean, just every day, see the shows that I can't stand are when people call in day after day.
Oh, yeah. Just the greatest.
Oh, hammer. You're really great, man.
You really know your crap, man. You're really a full of crap.
Oh, God. It's because then it's so obvious that there's just a bunch of ass-lickers
and just want to ingratiate themselves with somebody just so that somebody can validate their
pathetic little useless existence like that punk reg up in Pompo-no.
Oh, why did I even mention that?
149 and W.I.O.D. Wolf Blitzers on there, by the way.
And they're not, look at that. They don't even want to put his ass on.
And W.I.O.D. listen longer and you'll get an attitude too.
Take me out to COJ.
Take me out to the time.
Find me some ice cream and white chick melt.
We'll know how they call and run, goldman fell, cause it's rude.
Reveal for that hero.
Maybe with the cherries insane.
Cause it's one, two, three, set your date in the OJ game.
All right, batter up. Here's the lady in Tamarack. Hello.
Happy anniversary, Neal.
Thank you so much.
You have no idea how much we miss you so bad.
We moved to Cleveland a year and a half ago.
And we are here for a week on vacation and listen to you every day.
We miss you. I wish you would be sent to...
You're in Cleveland. You mean you're getting to hear Chuck Meyer and jazz McCay up there on 3W Weeks?
Yeah, I heard his voice. I'm saying, oh my god, that's Chuck Meyer.
I understand they're dying on a vine up there.
Oh, and we get Howard there and he doesn't hold a candle to you.
You have more talent in your pinky toe than Howard has.
I know. I know.
I know. I know.
I know. I know. What do they do to poor Rick and Suds?
They put him in the morning. They ruin their show.
And then afternoon drive that people could stop on their way home from work and those old things.
Now what my boss?
Well, haven't you heard Phil Henry though?
He was okay. Unfortunately, you know what?
We heard him when he was doing the big joke on you.
Yeah.
Which I guess the people in Miami deserve to have that joke played on him.
They do. They deserve whatever they get. That's right.
Well, they'll let them know. They don't appreciate you.
Well, they're all grappling at my feet now. We'll see how long that lasts.
Probably over the weekend they'll forget all about it.
Yeah, about a week in a laugh.
That's right. That's Miami.
But you know, when we moved away, we missed you so bad. If only you could be syndicated.
Well, if you could just get all these bastards to spend about a week in Cleveland, man, then they'd appreciate it.
Right. But Cleveland's nice. We like it.
Is it really?
Yes.
What do you like about it?
I like the change of seasons.
And I like to raise my child there. It's a nice family.
They cleaned up a little, I guess. I haven't been in Cleveland in years and years.
Oh, it's really nice. We really like it.
There are a lot. We just miss things like you and the beach and family and friends.
And temperatures over 10.
Right.
Okay. Well, have a great time.
Okay, Neil. And can we call you? Were you serious when you said about calling?
Collect next week?
Absolutely. Call us anytime. We'll take the call. We'll pay double for it.
Okay. Great.
Have a great life. We love you.
Bye-bye.
Okay. Here's Miami.
Buenos Diaz. Hello.
Buenos Pada dees.
Buenos Atoya.
Yeah, that was a nice call.
Wasn't she sweet?
A very nice lady from Cleveland, that's right.
Who's got to put up with Jazz McKay and Chuck Meyer now.
I was wondering what happened to Chuck Meyer in the morning.
Right. He's up there with Boy Gary in Cleveland. A bad mistake.
When you make a bad mistake once like that, that's really bad.
But when you make it a second time and go up there, then who can you blame?
And like you said, there's no temperature over 10.
Well, happy 20th year.
19th.
No, you're starting your 20th.
That's right. This is the beginning of the 20th. That's right.
Happy 20th anniversary, Neil, from the Bag Boys at Publix.
You know, I was going over some old papers here in the office a couple of weeks ago.
And I found an old copy of your WKAT promo picture.
There's you and there's like 18 other.
Yeah, with Irv Shinler and Shirley.
Right. Right. Right.
And Craig Worthing and Chris Meyer and Lynn Russell and Jim Alton and Sid Levin.
That's right. I got one of those somewhere.
I'm trying to lose it. Isn't that amazing?
And I have that striped red and white sports jacket on.
I think I'm glad.
God. No, it was striped red and white. A candy cane sports jacket.
Why?
One thing about me. I've always been a fashion plate right from the beginning.
I like the way everything matched.
Yeah, it was beautiful.
I wanted to snore for you.
Do you know how much I was making in those days?
Probably what I'm making now.
I started a KT-225 bucks a week.
That's about right.
I was making 200 a week a JNW West Palm.
I came to Miami to the big city. I made 225 a week.
And then the second year, Sid Levin being the big spender.
Oh, he is.
275 a week. The only difference being that I went from three hours a day,
from three to six to doing two to six.
Well, they can do it anyway they can.
Yeah.
I remember the days when you were doing 930 in the morning. God.
Yeah.
Isn't that great?
I did a little half hour. You know, it's not much.
Right. And see people say,
when you come in with Rick and Suds,
not really what's the big difference.
When I come in first of all, I'm not under any pressure.
I get here whenever I feel like it.
I'm just sitting there and I just interject a few words.
And they're on the air with the pressure and doing the show.
And I just happen to be here.
But there's a big difference between doing that
and having to come in here and be out of the pressure
and doing your own thing for four and a half hours.
Big difference.
None of them have flown the plane.
They just don't get it.
That's right.
I wanted a schnorf for one of those porn tapes,
but I got beat out.
So I just want to have a little verbal intercourse with you.
Is that okay?
That was great. Have a great life.
All right.
See ya.
Okay.
See ya, boy friend.
So Phil, hand reason to be right now.
Don't be looking at that disgusting stuff before you go on here.
I left some other pornographic, including a Shane Tyler's picture,
which you can have with my blessing,
even though it is autographed to me.
Boy, she has got, but you know something that's bad is where all those,
say she needs to go out there and lie on South Beach naked for a few days
because she's got all the marks, you know, where she's had the bra on,
and she's tan all around her, but she's got like the white marks.
Oh, geez.
Do something with those dab a little something under her.
So you guys are into that.
They're into what?
White awe.
Oh, I think that looks bad.
Don't you?
That looks bad.
Make it nice and even and smooth.
And the thing too.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Now, Phil's in there shaking his head.
So you don't, you don't understand the significance of that.
Maybe if I gave you one hint, although I don't think you've been long
and heard long enough to understand.
Mama, Mama, look out now.
You wouldn't get that either.
This is, when I was on KAT, I had Jacques Cousteau on.
It's my guest.
The very prestigious Jacques Cousteau on this guy, this Ken Block,
who's now like 35 years old or something, and his wife.
She's also an Ojiropa rocker tour.
They've been cranking talk shows for like 15, 20 years now.
And he used to go, a lot that that that he's still doing
it 20 years later.
So anyway, I got Jacques Cousteau on.
And Mr. Cousteau, what is it like down there in the depths
in this submarine in the dark?
And this guy calls up and I'm dying for calls because the average
age was 100 of our listening audience on KAT, old Jews,
and we're dead.
And this guy called Mr. Cousteau.
There's something I've always been meaning to ask you.
Yes, what is it?
A lot that that that that that that that that the mad trumpeter strikes
Jacques Cousteau, one of the great moments in South Florida,
and hasn't changed the God damn bit.
So thanks for the memories and how's Rosa Lopez doing?
We were them and say, yeah.
So you guys listened to me so much,
and you remember him and I don't know.
The only radio station that kicks Rush Limbaugh's ass.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Rosa don't like spiders or snakes.
Good afternoon. It's 2 o'clock on Jennifer Rem.
610 W I O D news.
Brought to you by cable co-op.
