and w.o.d happy friday to you and we just got a memo here and it just goes to
show you that if you're under enough stress and pressure you eventually crack
from Steve nickel it says
what is that wow it says um
tomorrow I'm not going to be here feels not going to be here we're both going to
wait for a long holiday weekend even though it's yeah it's a holiday right it's
veterans day right they're going to be people not working tomorrow because it's a
holiday so I'm not working neither is Phil it says instead of playing four hours of
the best of Neil tomorrow we're gonna play one hour between tenel are you
well you know this yet or what I just found out right now ten and eleven
of our morning and then they'll air the worst of Randy Randy Rhodes last show
the worst of Randy are you ready for that is that the one where she said I
think so if you didn't hear her self destruction year a half ago now is your
chance boy that's really nasty and vicious and mean ain't it well it's where it
goes and after Randy will do the best to fill so in other words what he's really
saying is that we don't have enough tape since I'm going on vacation at the end
of next week anyway we don't want to like play him 45 times so we'll play the
worst of Randy just as a stooch just as a stick in the back will turn it in
there in twister and will yank it et cetera okay okay anyway it's a 10 past
10 at the W I O D happy Friday to you look at that center one total baby 25
thousand six hundred thirty one bucks when that thing don't seem awful out all
of a sudden does that you turn that down or what because it was just blaring
before it was blasting the needles were rocking 25 thousand six thirty one you
can order your best of Rick and suds Neil or and or Phil Henry a CD and cassette
and the t-shirts by calling five six one all oh seven eight do it now do it
like today and they're doing a great job of shipping those things out if you
want them for like a holiday present or if you want them for like a sookist or
whatever tisha ba five six one oh oh seven eight or you can stop by your
borders books music and cafes doors and crawl springs have a turntown
kennel they got the CDs they got the cassettes they got the good stuff and
et cetera also you can dial one nine hundred all Neil because George is getting
really depressed we're not going to be able to retire on that it looks like
buck 49 to first minute 99 cents a minute after that one nine hundred all
Neil we got all kinds of neat stuff on here and cost to comments from other
listeners and the parts from the show and commentaries from me and the stuff
like that one nine hundred all Neil call everybody you know in Tampa call
people who never heard of me before tellments really interesting and make up
a story okay they'll dial it so we've got a whole bunch of stuff going on colon
Powell baby that's why I played dual man this morning because that's your choice
now Baba and Baba and Dullar huh what a choice that is you talk about dull and
boring man this guy the Republicans are going to self-destruct that's all
because colon Powell wasn't right wing enough and because Rabin just got
off in the Middle East and his wife started to get real nervous and he said
no thank you and now it's going to be dull trust me when I tell you or maybe
Bob Dornin or Papu Kenner one of those really funny guys and that's going to
be your choice so no column Powell so all you people are getting ready to start
hyper ventilating like you did over Ross P. Row four years ago then of course we
still got the Ross factor huh he's probably pretty excited now he's going to
get a lot more for your time and Larry can get that tongue out and just look his
private like real heavy duty now because all we also got to have that we got a
lot of stuff going on man we got to have that carten here now for this hour that's
right on the bottom of my piece here and then also we got to figure out I don't
have the sheet on it where our kickoff for tickets to the Super Bowl thing is
since that seems to be changing by the moment but don't forget tomorrow we got
the worst of Randy from 11 to 2 10 13 she's probably going to get
parked off about that huh 10 13 at W I O D
Biscayne's closing this game is closing Hollywood bought it and
Biscayne's going out they're going to be like another big condo there I was 15
when I lost my virginity and I remember the place not the date though but I was
in I was over by the door out 100 club in a cow pasture fashion phones 8v until
midnight on news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
this is the Neal Roger show yeah this is your brain yeah
any question 10 60 when the hell did I say it was Friday I never said it was
Friday did I say it was Friday it feels like Friday because I'm not going to
be here this week but I don't think I ever said it was Friday did I come on
here here today and say at one time at any point this is God damn Friday here
today Friday you best one is wrong with these people turn up your hearing aid
grandma okay and cut the crap but the nitpickers so anyway it looks pretty
grim on the panthers now they say well you know the heat's more important
anyway it's the NBA and they got that television coverage in a TV contract
guess what all you pose or commissioners the TV money don't go in your pocket
or pay for the arena or go in any of the public's pocket it's gonna go right
Mickey Erison's pocket you morons you fools and I noticed by the way that the
attendance here even though it was much better than we have for the Panthers they
still didn't have a sell out for the second heat home game they want them both
but they had a few hundred empty seats for that one too last night how do you
like that all right what the hell was that so here's something that goes and this
is only the beginning only the beginning
biscuit and chief agrees to sell mutual license all dog tracks grounds will be
put on a block so Hollywood Greyhound is buying out biscuit and they're going
to put the property on a lot they're going to sell it and that's going to be
the end no more they've run their last race at this game is that incredible or
what they used to be like a goddamn landmark they used to be a really great
place and they spent tons of money spitting it up and doing all kinds of stuff
and you know I didn't go anymore either I don't know what it is but I don't
know what it is just stop going and evidently sort of everybody else the
paramutuals baby a lot of more on the way out a lot of moron the way out
thing of the past because after all gambling is evil isn't that what it's all
about oh and also there's another thing here on this memo which is for
broadcast I guess it says on Sunday after football 8 to 10 p.m. the Sunday will
be earning a program for the country's fastest growing minority people who
smoke cigars all right the show is called smoke this imported from Tampa
uh-oh imported from Tampa and hand rolled for the cigar fish
you know so I don't know what the hell it really is but it's from Tampa oh
cigar smokers show or somebody was telling me you know that restaurant before
a lot of it let's call smokers I think isn't that the name of it or they invite
you to come in if you smoke faggots or cigars or even if you just are a
faggot they were telling the food there is sensational and you can smoke and
not be bothered not have people threaten to blow your brains out and that's it
you know if you want to have lung cancer it's a free god damn country okay yeah
but that second hand smoke yeah how about your second hand breath how about that
second hand cheap perfume that a lot of these people wear these women especially
some of the guys on the plane you're sitting there and oh my god you want a
breath from it that real cheap cheesy perfume that you buy by the gallon it came
art here's a lady in Kiel Argo I bet you don't wear that do you hello yes ma'am
no good uh first time caller meal great hey one of the thank you return me on to
this diet yeah yeah it's great it is great it's great I've lost like 20 pounds
in five weeks without even trying outstanding and I tried to Lorenzo's cheesecake
just the other day yeah oh my god wonderful to die for oh yeah you're not kidding
somebody sent over a cheesecake yesterday trying to imitate the
admittance and the George just about oh man just about brushing the waist
basket the best I've ever had yeah yeah so I want to thank you about that I have
another request I was trying to get hold of the guys I was driving down from
candle you larga this morning watching them practice the the blue angel yeah
and they were sensational is there anyway I can get some free tickets for my kids I
know you have them available oh come on oh we can't give you free tickets for
the blue angels but we can give you like registration maybe to go to Cleveland to
Cleveland yeah for our tragic trip I don't know if I want to go to but if you
when you have to go is that a real trip or what yeah I never got the details
that's a real trip it's a real trip really for two for two for Cleveland
I've never been to Cleveland right and you can like hang out there where the
browns used to play and watch all this people crying and curing out like a
bunch of infants okay not so bad you can hear Chuck Meyer on a radio up there
again okay so hang on okay see she wanted something for free if you got
something bad but hey that's the way it goes that's life for you we have an
open line in day 751 and how about for the family of the year let's let's have
a contest okay for the sports role model family of the year is it could be
the blades family that's Brian and Benny or is it gonna be the consucco's poor
Jose man that family just can't get out of their own goddamn way you know what
I'm saying now it's now we're gonna help us that's not in the sports section
is that somewhere else because I did read it this morning about his brother
Ozzy who used to be quite a sport himself it must be in the yoke on air they
tried to bury it can say go brother charged in assault Pembroke pines the twin
brother of baseball stupid star Jose can sucko was arrested Wednesday after he
shut out the tires of moving van and threatened to moveers during a dispute
over his furniture police said police charged as valdo Ozzy can say go who
played briefly with the Oakland A's in St. Louis Cardinals with two
constant aggravated assault in one kind of felony property damage no one was
injured in the 6.55 p.m. shooting which took place in the driveway of
can say goes new home in the chapel trail neighborhood it said her and so on I
believe that he wanted to look at some of the stuff on the truck before was
on order they wanted to give paid first and they got into a big song to dance
and it says when the movers refuse can say go into the house return with a
nine millimeter semi-automatic handgun yelling expletives and threatening the
man he came out and fired four rounds from the gun in the tires flattening
five of the suit tires on the truck and threatening the movers he did not give
police system and he was booked into the Brown County J. L. A. when's day all
right they could sucko family right up there let's have a let's have a family
off okay between them and the blades family it's nip and tuck it's pretty damn
close open on a net purple line pound I. O. D. one and day seven five one two
and brown at five two four call up today and say goodbye to your panthers
baby it's a done deal it's not just Hank Goldberg it's a hippo pomegranate
zone
how
He kept on his cleats eyes.
I miss coming round through base
And slide it into his face
Get the shower with Jose.
My Spanish lullaby.
Highest sports family of the year, baby.
Is it the blades, brothers?
Is it the consuckle, brothers?
That's the question today.
1028 at WIV.
The winner gets a date with Jose.
Doesn't get a date just gets the steroids?
OK, whatever you say.
So anyway, 561 0078 is that center one number 25,631.
I have a feeling by the beginning of the week by Monday.
When we get our next boarders report,
we're going to be right up there at about 30 grand,
which is one hell of a first.
Let's see, we just started a week ago yesterday, right?
What are you smiling about?
We just started the center one thing a week ago yesterday.
Am I correct?
Wasn't that November 1st a week ago?
On the first.
Huh?
Wednesday was the first.
A week ago yesterday was Wednesday.
Yeah, like I said.
Like I said, God damn it.
See, you trying to make you keep saying it's Friday.
I know it's Thursday.
It's payday two, by the way.
You won't mind.
I want to check on that.
You're the one that keeps saying it's George that keeps saying it's Friday.
Now me, God damn it.
I know what day of the week it is, don't I?
Clay Mace, baby.
What does that mean?
Here's Lauderd Hill.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Just wanted to give you a little spot report.
OK.
Listen to, uh,
the epipod of the yesterday.
Yeah.
And um, he just kept going on and on about the fact he was 5.1.
Phil's 4.5.
Let me let me say this.
You know, anybody can get a fluke book and find one demo
where they beat somebody else.
OK, if you look at the overall book, as usual,
Phil beats the living crap out of him.
OK, he's got one demo in men there where he edges him out
in one thing.
OK.
And beside that, you know, if Hank, you know,
Phil hit it right on the head yesterday.
If Hank doesn't understand that Phil's got more talent in his little finger
than Hank's got in his big oozing puking fat body,
then the man's really got serious problems.
I mean, it's not even, it's not even.
We're talking about it.
It's a joke.
It's laughable.
You know what happened was some guy called up
and it sounded like he was disguising his voice.
Yeah.
And so that wouldn't have been you would it.
No, Hank dropped him.
Yeah.
And he dropped him.
Yeah, he dropped him off the air and then he repeated the fact
that he was 4.1 to 5.1 or, you know, 5.14.5.
And then he just, you know, went on with the next call.
What is it?
5.100 pounds?
What is that?
What he's talking about?
What he close?
He's got, he's got Phil beaten weight.
I'll guarantee you that.
Probably by a couple hundred.
Yeah.
Later.
OK.
Yeah, this Hank thing, man, you know,
it's really a sad situation where this guy every time he gets
a fluke book and his number goes up a little bit,
which then it comes down real fast again, where it belongs.
Then he starts like peddling a story.
Why don't you understand it, baby?
You're on a miserable crappy station that all the insiders know
you want out of there in the worst way,
working with a bunch of juvenile kids.
It's a joke.
It's a laugh.
And this guy's on there talking a big story
about how he's got comparing himself to Phil Henry.
Anybody with a brain, anybody with even the most
minuscule sense of humor knows that
Hank over couldn't lick Phil Henry's ass.
He might give it a shot, but he couldn't lick his ass.
He's not in the same league with anybody on this radio station,
even the sex bitch.
Just a big fat glob of pus.
OK, just a big sloppy New York glob of pus,
oozing out a lot of garbage.
Can't even pronounce the name of the team that he's always
talking about that he don't do the games for no more.
The doffens, you know, just a New York slob.
Baby, that's all you're all about.
It's sad.
I know you wish you were like, you know,
here's a guy's got a he's on ESPN, he's on the do's,
he's on the A's, he's on the QA.
He's got like 75 different jobs.
And he's still ain't making the big bucks.
And he's jealous.
His hell, he's psychotic about it.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463-524-W-Y-O-D.
The man is lacking in only one thing.
He's got plenty of fat.
He's got plenty of food.
He's lacking in one thing.
It's called talent.
That's the problem.
And I don't care if he has like a 78 here in the next book,
which he won't, but the fact is for him to come on here
and try to compare himself to Phil Henry,
I take great exception to that because it's grotesque.
Like he is.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me preface the call by saying I listen to you and Phil every day
and I love you.
Yeah.
But I think I, I O D, made a big mistake by not putting Howard on in the morning.
Yeah.
He's just a major talent.
He fits in with what you are doing.
So let me, let me just tell you this, okay?
Yeah.
When they were making, when they went through all the thing,
I mean, if we want to rehash that, we can do it.
And it's very painful.
But when they blew off for an eerie, which I told them,
please don't do it because I mean,
an eerie as much as maybe you didn't like him,
he had, you know, he had his following and they weren't necessarily
the same people as mine or Phil's or Rick and Suds,
but he had his following.
And they blew that off and they put on that new show,
that supportive news show and they blew it and they admitted it and they knew it.
And I always the one who kept saying,
hey, put Howard on there, okay?
That was at the time before Howard was on in the market.
I said, if you put Howard on in the morning,
we will own this market for the rest of time.
Oh, no, we don't want this company ever put him on here.
Then what do they do?
They put him on in Chicago and they blow him out after six months
because they went into a panic.
So, you know, I don't disagree, but what am I going to tell you?
Like Jim says, cock sucks.
Yeah.
Go panthers here.
Okay.
We have an open line in date, 751946.
Is that what Manit said?
And of course, leave it to an expert because if anybody should know about it,
spend it all that time in a guy named Sharah,
who won't go with number 51.
So, my dog.
Open line in date, 7519463.
One and Broward, five, two, four, W. Wilde.
Nobody cares about this cane closing.
Oh, we must get one of those old guys who used to hang around with the dog track calling it.
What's going to happen to my life now?
I don't want to go all the way up there.
I don't want to go all the way up there.
I don't want to go all the way up there.
I don't want to go all the way up there.
I don't want to go all the way up there.
Okay.
And I used to enjoy the dogs like not a lot, but like, you know, a few times here.
I used to enjoy going to the dog track.
It's fun.
Flagler's still going strong.
We love Flagler, of course.
They love me.
I hope they're doing great.
Are they?
I hope.
But some of the paramutuals, man, they're right on the fence.
They're right on the edge because a lot of it has gotten stale.
They haven't developed any new people out there.
You go out to some of these tracks.
It's the same old old people.
I guess what?
Why don't they have any new people?
Because their people are dying off.
They're dying over there and they don't get any living and breathing blood.
And I'm going to tell you this.
I'm not going to go through.
It's not even worth it because nobody cares.
Here's Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
Neil.
Good morning, sir.
I'm okay.
Oh, good.
A couple of things.
First of all, you and Phil Hendry are God.
Yes.
I love listening to the both of you.
Well, Adam is in there saying, what about Rick and Suds?
Adam just said.
Rick and Suds too.
There you go.
Well, they're like God Jr.
I'm all of them.
I mean, all you guys are great.
Adam, don't sit in there and start like stopping up and down.
Because before you were producing that show, you used to say that Rick was an asshole.
Okay, so stop.
He says, he says I still say that.
Okay, thanks Adam, for your honesty.
And I was watching a movie, which I had gotten from Columbia House the other day.
Yeah.
Oh, that reminds me.
I have a movie right here, but I'm not going to tell you because you're already up the long.
So you don't want this.
What is it?
See, I'm not going to tell you because then you're going to want it for free.
I'm giving it away.
Well, uh.
Disclosure, Michael Douglas and Demi Moore.
I got a copy of it.
Good.
Okay, thank God.
It's a fantastic movie too.
Okay, that good.
Somebody might want it then, for sure.
It is.
It's still wrapped in its plastic.
Yeah, it's a great movie if anybody wants it.
Not another one of these where Michael Douglas is pretending to be a sex pod running around naked.
Is it?
Uh, no.
Oh, thank God.
But he makes it with Demi Moore, though.
Oh, it's a puzzle.
Ah!
Well, she tries to do some, but that's the point.
Okay.
Anyway, uh, at the end of this movie, I was watching which was speechless with, um, um, uh, what the hell is this name?
Shoot.
Shoot?
No.
Michael Keaton, thank you.
Oh, uh, how about Buster Keaton?
That's more my style.
No, it was Michael Keaton.
Yeah, I can't stand him.
And guess what music they used in the movie?
Luis Miguel.
Yeah.
No kidding.
Oh, I did it.
What a lucky guess in my part, huh?
Yeah.
And at the end of it, it's got, uh, the video of him doing, uh, say two.
No, no, no say two.
Or say two.
Yeah.
Or say say two.
Say two, whatever it is.
Yeah.
I wasn't doing it for the first time.
It's pretty.
Where's that music coming from, George?
Listen to that.
I'm not playing it.
You're not playing it, are you, sir?
Yeah.
Oh, dammit.
Your favorite song.
Okay.
No, it's not my favorite song.
I do like it, though.
Oh, I thought, well, I know you like Luis Miguel.
I love it.
Yeah.
He's great.
I was for the first time.
So they have the whole video on at the end of the movie?
Yeah.
Well, what they do is they show cuts of the, you know, a part of the movie, and then they show him singing.
Yeah.
You guys got his little finger in there.
It's beautiful.
Yeah, it is.
But don't forget that sheet.
That's why I need Sarah Badley.
Thank you so much.
Don't have none of that.
I have a bird road.
Oh, bird road.
Okay.
Yeah.
But that's for yesterday.
I know, but I just want to make sure we still have it right even though it was yesterday.
So if they went yesterday, they went to the right place.
Go ahead, sir.
Yeah.
But anyway, I've listened to it, and it's pretty.
Although I don't understand Spanish.
Forget about understanding, man.
He says transcends the language barrier, man.
He's like a universal.
Oh, yeah.
He speaks a language we can all relate to.
Yeah, it's very pretty.
Right.
He's very pretty.
Yeah.
I know you like that.
Yeah.
Okay, Neil.
Well, thanks so much, sir.
That was a major suck up.
I wish I had something to give you like a million dollars, but maybe next time.
Oh, well.
Have a great life.
Are you doing it?
Adios.
I'll ask the cameo of Edas.
Where is my, oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
God, I just dropped Luis on the floor.
That's it.
I'll never be the same again.
Jesus, Joseph and Mary, forgive me for what I have done.
I've sinned and I've dropped my man right there on the floor because a hard man is good to find.
Well, doesn't that sound good?
I'm not going to play it, but it sounds good.
So anyway, our kick you into a Super Bowl contest registration continues today.
Noon to one, a big daddy's and flattigates in 2505 North University driving Hollywood in Noon to one today.
Look for the WIOD-610 armored truck and register.
And then today between five and six of flattigates.
How come I'm talking so loud because I don't want to reach over and turn to five down because it's so beautiful.
Five to six and flattigates, bar and grill.
Twenty-six hundred West Navy Boulevard and four Lauderdale.
Two loud Luis.
That was tight, man.
Is that tighter one?
But you're not that far away from me.
All right, give it a raise to Leo.
So anyway, it's 1038 at WIOD.
So what is that?
The 4,000 call we've had about speechless and the fact that Luis is in there.
They know a good thing when they got it.
And then that one guy that called me up that day.
I don't see what you see in Luis Miguel.
I see it.
If you ever saw that video that what's the one, Cuando Caliente El Sol.
If you saw that, he'd understand what I see.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOD.
You're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyrighted in 1995 by WIOD Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated.
I think it's God.
I love Hank.
I'm having a gay affair with Hank.
Hello.
Randy.
I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
Get at it here, Meg.
You want to know something truthfully?
I'm happy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat.
We're going out for a cruise.
I'm having for the four and a half years.
My first weekend's off.
I'm promoting my video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I figured it was some kind of promotion thing.
No, no, no, not at all.
I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station.
Honest to God I do.
Really?
Trust me.
I'm not lying.
I call to congratulate you.
Well, Meg, I just let you know.
All right, can I just ask you one lousy question there?
Why on your last show?
Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WIOD?
I made a mistake.
I made a bad call.
Damn right.
I'm listening to you.
And I think you're fun.
And I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend.
Honest to God.
I needed to.
Yeah.
How's that?
And I'm enjoying listening to you.
And it's no full.
Now.
Have a good day.
See you.
Don't believe a word of it, man.
Sit here and trash me for a whole afternoon.
A whole afternoon.
Sit here and said I didn't have a chance in hell.
I had no talent.
What the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake.
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party.
So she's going to kiss a little butt.
Yes, she's good at it.
And of course, she'd probably be on here in a weekend right now if that hadn't leaked out.
Anyway, 1044 at WIOD.
So tomorrow, that's just a little sample of hearing the, well, I actually wasn't the worst.
I would say that was part of the best of her any right there.
I love that.
That was great.
That was ballsy, sweetheart.
But anyway, you know, nickel's got to bug up his ass.
So we're going to have the worst of Randy from 11 to 2 tomorrow after the best of Neil or whatever.
Whatever it is, okay.
It'll be at least something different.
And she'll be listening.
Here's Hollywood on the purple line.
Hello.
Hollywood on the pound line.
On the purple.
On the cellular.
On the long gone line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
You got a riddle for you.
Kind of lighting things up.
You got a what?
Riddle.
Yeah, okay.
Ditto with your riddle pal.
We don't do jokes.
We don't do riddles.
The Santa God damn funny pages of the Sun Sentinel.
We have an open line in date.
7519-463, one, powered 524.
That purple pound line is waiting on you.
They're at pound IOD.
They're all having like morning parties today because Colin Powell ain't running for president.
And they're really pissed off.
Okay.
He ain't this around.
He was kind of like the Wayne Heisenga of politics.
You know, one day he's running the next day.
He's not.
Maybe he will.
Maybe he won't.
He's up.
He's down.
He's in.
He's out.
Get the Vaseline Jarrah.
Maybe in guess what?
Just like Wayne.
He's pulling it out.
Oh, he changed his mind.
He thought about it a lot.
Every minute of every day he thought about it.
And then as he go like took second place to like his safety in his life.
And he said, maybe it's not such a good idea after all.
Right?
Yes, Hock?
And that was it.
I don't think he probably said yes, Hock.
But what does he know?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good.
You know, I think that guy was talking about the Richter scale and he was talking about Hank's numbers there.
Yeah.
Like when he's like walking.
I was talking about his weight.
Yes, when he's walking, that's the weight in the Richter scale.
You can feel it.
Yeah.
You know, feel it.
Writh move under your meat.
Really?
This Hocky thing is really disgusting.
That's how I got my kids turned on to Hocky.
You know, I'm so glad that we're here.
You know, making Hocky fans out of them and they're going to pull it out.
And we finally got something good here that we can really sink our teeth into that.
You know, we'll take some time to build some real enthusiasm and real fans, but nevertheless, what happened?
No, it's unbelievable.
He's just jagged us around.
The guys, a miserable son of a bitch and all these people that are like, well, you know,
poor Wayne, they didn't do this for him.
Poor Wayne.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about poor Wayne, okay?
You can kiss my ass.
I'm trying not to think about it and just trying to enjoy what we got.
And like I said yesterday, he's still got the dolphins and he's got the Marlins,
so we can't like really slap us in the face.
So he's got to go through these cosmetic appearances, this phony baloney, you know,
for public appearance action of trying to pretend that he's putting the deal together.
When in the meantime, he's just looking to come out of it.
Just like our Modell, you know.
He probably sold them the Ted Turner years ago.
Let me have you a question.
Do you know anything about this skills thing on Sunday they're having?
Do I know about it?
Yeah.
It's at 6 o'clock.
But I mean, do you know what it is?
Yeah, they have like contest to each team in a league is having it.
And they're like all the different players.
The players divide up into two teams, one with the white uniforms, one with a red.
It's the real Panther's team, right?
Right.
All the guys will be there.
People get a chance to meet them and get their autographs.
And they're like competing against each other.
And like who's got the hardest slap shot?
Who's got the hardest, though, whatever.
They used to do in front of the All-Star games.
Right, exactly.
All right.
And then they're going to have a thing there.
Huh?
It would be a good thing to take the kids to.
No, I'd think to take the kids to not a lot of pressure.
There I would certainly won't be 80 billion people there.
And you can meet the guys and the smooths maybe take a shower with the manage.
It would be fun.
That's worth it right there.
There you go.
All right, Neil.
Thanks.
And have a great time.
You too.
See ya.
We got an open line in date at 7519-463.
Nobody wants a disclosure with Michael Douglas and Demi Moore.
Still wrapped in its plastic thing from Columbia Record, the Columbia video thing, whatever it is.
A fantastic, sexy thriller masterfully done.
I got something here to give away, which I'm paying for myself.
I'm going to start sending those cards and saying, by the way, stop sending me crap already.
Will you?
Stop sending me crap.
Will you please?
Because then I want to bring it in here and give it to you people.
And you don't, you know, you don't appreciate it.
And by the way, can I, what do you got?
Like the woman with those tickets that time that I was giving away, whatever.
They had tickets for the track.
Sure, whatever you say, sweetheart.
New York Times gives you the world's big picture.
The Wall Street Journal tracks the bulls and bears.
So who's covering South Florida?
We are the best news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Oh my god.
If you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm going to fucking throw a lot.
All right. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Just so there is no misunderstanding.
Everybody be seated.
Leave, leave, leave.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
If you're going to keep doing that, I'm going to stop you right here.
Now I'm making this easy. I am going to screw over.
Counsel, this full line needs to be done in a different way.
And now here it is again.
Because, you know, you're honored in the same day.
I'm going to stop you right here.
Everybody be seated.
Wait a minute.
Your Honor, I think that I was your share.
I'm going to tell you for the fourth time.
No.
Sit down.
This is much to do about nothing.
Sit down.
No, I'm serious.
He doesn't know you're on it.
This is very unfair.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Are you, wait a minute.
Afraid of Ms. Clark?
Sit down.
We're in recess.
Okay, 1053 WIOD.
So she says she's not running off with Chris Darden.
It's a bunch of crap.
She's really running off with what's your name?
What's the one that did all the drugs real quick?
Faye or Resnick?
She's got the good stuff.
So here's our new center one.
Total.
This is updated and abridged and finished and pretty much complete as of the end of yesterday,
which yesterday did mark the end of the first week in spite of what George says.
28,111 bucks in a week.
Huh?
Pretty impressive.
If you ask me.
28,111.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
Great.
I just want to call and vent a little bit of frustration.
Go right ahead, sir.
Today's the day for it.
Spit it out.
Okay.
I just stopped at, uh, I don't know if I can say the name of a restaurant, a fast food restaurant.
No.
Well, which one?
You may have like a golden thing over it or what?
There you go.
Okay.
The golden halo.
And I was down on 27th Avenue down in Miami.
Yeah.
And there were, I would say, first of all, let me say I'm not a racist by any way what's your name?
I understand, of course.
I'm really not.
Right.
But there were like all black people working here.
Is what you're saying a bunch of black kids?
Oh, no, no, no.
Who was working there?
In the lobby, in the actual restaurant area, there were apparently approximately 20 to 30 black people.
And one man was wearing a little bow tie and he was standing up and he was given this.
He was wearing a bow tie?
Yeah, a little bow tie.
Well, here it was in McDonald's.
Yeah, he's big over there.
Well, anyway, yeah.
He was given a little Malcolm X speech in the restaurant.
In McDonald's?
In McDonald's.
In the, in the, in the, in the, what do you mean he was given a speech?
Well, you like standing up on cover the counter with a big mechanism?
Push it.
Now he was standing on the, on the bench seat on one of the bench seats.
He was, he was standing on the seat?
I swear to you, standing on the seat.
And I was the only white person in the restaurant, which is a bottom.
Yeah.
Doesn't bother me.
But he's standing up giving this Malcolm X speech and then he's looking over at me saying how the white man has oppressed the black man and pointing at me.
Yeah.
Now, I'm not, I'm the only white person in this restaurant.
Now you better cut it out, man.
Now I want to ask you a question.
You better be pet next, the Lord for your, for his forgiveness.
No, let me just ask you to change the ill of your, get ways.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Okay. Now what would happen if a white man walked in there and then gather around with 20 white people saying the black man is causing the problem?
What would happen to that white man?
Absolutely correct, sir.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
See ya.
Glad we could answer your question.
We have an open line of Broward 5249463 and we got one on the purple line.
The AT&T wireless line, pound IOD.
So I've already had three people in the building volunteer to sign Bob Green's name to my paycheck today.
See, this becomes another part of this ongoing drama.
Why does he talk about getting paid?
There's not another broadcaster in America who in the history of this business has ever talked about having to go have a legal to get his paycheck every week.
Except me.
Why do I enjoy talking about it?
No, but you damn well better be sure I'm going to continue talking about it until we come up with like some, you know, like regular system like, oh, here's where it is.
Here's when you get it.
Somebody signed it and yeah, it's just a small detail, but here we're pania.
Surprise.
But hey, we like a little bit of suspense.
I mean, where am I going until two o'clock anyway, right?
Exactly.
So what's everybody getting all guy they've excited about since it is Friday?
Here is the four-letter day. Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, long time listener, first time caller.
All right.
Hey, we go to school at Colonel Gibbons.
What is it?
We are our friends because we like every day we listen to you at Colonel Gibbons.
Yeah.
Yeah, great guy, man.
Aren't you at school now?
Yeah.
So you just go and offer it.
Yeah, good.
Way lifted.
Excellent.
Hey, we know you got a little dolphin.
You know, up and down, dolphins, you know.
You're lifting it?
No, we watch them up and down.
You know, dolphins never consist of that.
They're up and down.
They're up and down.
Yeah, I can't fight you.
It's like that time says they're up and down.
They're in and up.
Yeah, yeah, it's like the song, you know.
Hey, I can't fight you at Colonel Gibbons.
St. Thomas came.
Come up this Friday.
Way to this.
You know, it'd be a good game.
It's a consistent game, you know.
This Friday?
The big game.
You know, we play every, like we're both ranked and we're pretty high.
You're ranked?
Yeah.
Yeah, I can almost smell it over the phone.
You mean like tomorrow night?
Yeah, no, come on.
Can you get out of two and again,
it's like two, three, four, six, wait for the door, you man.
Tomorrow?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I will, but just not our good log pal.
I hope you win a game, but you can't say crap on here.
Okay.
The guy who just got really bummed out and depressed.
Of course, I can understand that because he's waiting for me to go over there
and root, root, root for the home team or whatever.
Okay, whatever he said.
Okay.
Second, the emotion.
We have an open line in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
The green lines are not participating yet today.
And nobody wants disclosure with Michael Douglas and them.
Me more.
Oh, where the hell was our reading in the inquirer?
What is it?
Oh, Wayne's going to sign my check too, now he said.
Let's get all the board ops to sign my check and see if it goes through.
Adam, George, Andy and Wayne are all going to put their signatures.
They're going to put their John Hancock on my check.
Okay.
The only problem is they all want to put it on the back.
That's the problem.
Here is a deer field.
Hello.
Yeah, I would not count on him signing your paycheck, everybody.
And by the way, where is it going to be?
Is it going to be Nashville panthers now?
Where does this guy get off?
I'm pissed.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, are you pissed or what?
High-Zinger.
I mean, this guy's got some cajonis.
Yeah.
Didn't he think of this before?
Let's all stand up and give him a message for the entire town.
All right.
Two open lines in Broward.
5249463, 524WID, and two on the green lines, 1-8009449463.
Nobody wants disclosure with the...
So anyway, I was starting to say that Demi Moore, her mother lives in a car in Vegas.
Did you ever hear that story?
Her mother's name is Virginia.
I heard it this morning.
She's a real slut.
And she's a slut.
She was an alcoholic, like five years ago.
Demi finally gave up with her and she couldn't handle it anymore.
And the woman is living out of her car.
And this slut is making millions and millions of dollars in posing stark naked
and running around showing off her ample hooters and whatever the hell she's doing.
But in the meantime, her mother, how can you give up on your mother?
Even if she is a slut in the miserable old bitch and goes and gets into drunken brawls in bars and whatever.
And she's living out of a car in Las Vegas, no less than a desert.
She don't even got enough money to go in there and play the nickel slots.
And here's Demi running around.
They're sacking up with every damn thing that's got a thing attached to them.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I'd like to clarify something that I got I called in about when I went out of the McDonald's restaurant.
Yeah.
Something I'm not a racist either, but every time the black man says the white man oppressors and they need to look back at facts.
Back before the turn of the century before any white man has lived any black man, the Africans themselves would sell their own slaves and prisoners of war to the board.
That is absolutely correct.
That's right.
So I think they better look in their own back up for the point anybody else.
I'm not just pointing out at a matter of racists, but I think we should all look at the facts.
Yeah.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
See you buddy.
All right, buddy. See you buddy.
Was that jazz?
I'll be goddamn boys.
Voice your change in Cleveland.
Now they puts them up.
Maybe it's that thing on his prostate changes his voice.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Well, it does have a tendency, you know, you're kind of like shift your weight and boy, he sure had plenty of it to shift.
Oh, he's gone.
So we fire people.
So what?
610 W I O D.
He's my Emmy Ford Lauderdale news talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Love it on 6 and W I D.
You know, this chromium peculinate business is about to drive me up the wall already.
You know, I am so sick and tired.
I wish I had never heard of it.
Now I got this Bob guy who sends me like faxes pages and pages and pages and pages and pages and pages and he says.
I've been listening to all this crap about chromium peculinate for months and I can't take it anymore.
Bob is getting pissed man.
He's getting sick and tired.
He's disgusted.
He says.
I'm a mad ass hell.
I'm not gonna take this anymore.
I factored this info two months ago, but I guess either you didn't get it or just tossed it.
I think quite frankly, Bob, I tossed it as in.
Chromium peculinate is not only poison.
He says it's just playing crap.
Please with 75 ease in it.
Please read the attached brochure to get the straight school.
But of course the attached brochure is like 50,628 pages.
Almost.
Chromate will give you unbelievable results.
There's no comparison between the two.
Call me for more info and free samples, Bob.
Well, why doesn't he send the free samples over here?
Then why do we got to call them?
Why doesn't he send me the free samples and I'll take them for a couple of weeks if I'm still alive.
I'll go on here and say, hey, I'm still alive.
Huh?
Come on Bob.
Send us the free samples.
Send us a bunch of free stuff.
We want to be just like the audience so we can relate to them better.
Okay.
Send us a bunch of free stuff.
Okay.
Send me my Chromate right now.
And of course this is like all, you know, he's in a stimulator of this stuff.
So he's got all this stuff in here about this one is good and that one is not whatever.
So send it over here, Bob.
Now send like about the, you know, 20,000, 30,000 bottles and samples.
And let's give it a shot.
Even Georgia will pop some.
He'll pop anything, even a zit.
Here's Haley.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
I speak to Demi Moore, you were talking about her earlier.
She was in Letterman last night.
She had on this thing that, you know, like her boobs were all out.
Yeah.
Of course, as usual.
Of course, everybody's seen them already.
Exactly.
It was actually put me to sleep.
The other thing was about Ozzy Konseko.
How many teams has that got played for?
Ozzy, well, of course, he's all done now, you know.
Yeah.
That's probably why he's pissed off and shooting up delivery trucks.
But he, let's say it says here he played for the Indians briefly for about five minutes.
And he, let's say, where is he?
The A's.
He played briefly for the, the, the, the, the, the A's in St. Louis.
Right.
Oh, not the Indians.
The A's in St. Louis.
And he, I know he's, he's right out down here for the Marlins.
Yeah.
Even the Marlins.
Even the Marlins didn't want no part of him.
How do you like that?
So, like, you should own a moving company.
Yeah.
He better start catching down some of those good steroids as brothers got it.
He just got no chance.
He's already 31.
He's over the hill already.
Oh, definitely.
No, I'm just saying, you should own his own moving company.
He shouldn't need anybody to bring him.
He's moving all over the dams.
Exactly.
Exactly right.
I think, you think his brother would be able to afford to buy him his own moving company.
But he can afford to gun, though.
You know, I never forget about two years ago, somebody fact me, uh, speaking of paychecks,
they fact me a copy of facts of Jose Cansoco's weekly paycheck.
Oh, God.
$387,000.
For one week.
I heard a story once where, uh, where, uh, the quarterback for the Patriots, um, bloodthroat.
Yeah.
He took his car and for repair and, uh, the repairman was a fool around his car and he hit the
visor and popped out a check for $100,000.
He had it, you know, hooked up in the visor of his car.
He immediately called bloodthroat and said, hey, you know, we got this check for $100,000.
And he goes, oh, and it's put it back up there.
And like, he's answering the press and going, well, I didn't need it.
He's only going to make 42 million.
What are you worried about?
What's 100,000 million?
You know, when you got millions and millions, just figure out the interest you're making.
Like, even in a bank, we still don't put their money in like a regular bank.
But I mean, even at 5% you're making out pretty damn good.
It is.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Oh, nobody wants this movie.
Thank God we can milk that.
We can pretend all day.
That's a big thing.
Nobody will take our free stuff.
How about if we had some Panther tickets for a game that ain't going to get played?
We don't, but how about if we did that woman had called before about that.
The, uh, what is it?
The blue, blue note records, blue sky, uh, the air show.
What is that?
We don't give away air show tickets on this show.
God, when I get that desperate, I got to wait air show tickets on this show.
It's bad enough.
I got to give away goddamn demimore and Michael Douglas, which nobody wants.
Who is that?
Oh, and uh, see, we're doing pretty good here.
We're off to a pretty good start.
Then you're going to put this puts on the ear.
Excuse me.
What do you want, Jeff Moss?
I just want to say hello.
Yeah. Hello, Jeff.
How are you?
See ya.
What's up?
See ya, buddy.
Are you not having a good day?
I'm having a great day up until now.
Okay.
Oh, come on.
Only a little bit concerned that there's not going to be any hot shot back here to sign my
check by two o'clock, in which case it's going to be this, uh, man, there's going to be a fire in here that smoke you'll be upset by.
Oh, God.
We don't want that to happen.
I'm calling to give you stats for tonight.
Stats?
Well, the attendance stats.
You'll be pleased to know that they did not have a complete sellout for the heat last night.
Uh, that I'm standing up right now.
I'm excited.
Well, I'm just telling you they had like not a lot of empty seats, but a couple of hungry people.
I know that the rockets with their cartoon look like jerseys, right?
Uh, pajamas.
Someone got the answer last night said it looks like they they faded in the wash.
Yeah.
Faded pajamas.
Hey, I finally took care of him.
He's leaving me alone now.
I gave him a.
He took care of him, huh?
Yeah, that night gave him a little thing too.
Yeah.
Um, I'm called to tell you this last time we were thinking about the other night that Philly game.
Remember walked by when Jeff was bugging us and said, so my.
That's good.
No, I'm sorry.
I don't do it.
So there are about 3800.
Yeah, including the Panther packs.
Well, I'm not bad.
That's even better than what we started out with the Philly game.
Well, for now, we're on a streak.
We're in first place.
We won four in a row.
Plus these people should understand that every game could be well, not every game could be our last, but certainly this season could be so they better.
Get a while.
It can.
Yeah, we got the vorex hot and you know, we're starting to score some goals.
I wouldn't say he's hot.
He's playing real good.
I would not say he's hot.
Jody is hot.
Jody is hot.
Jody is hot.
He just needs to shave a little bit.
Yeah, she got that.
Yeah, I want to let you know that maybe you can tell all your.
I want for you, flyer fans.
Lindross is only going to be out another week.
It says here not till mid December, whoever told me that story.
Maybe another week.
No, another week.
Right.
It's not mid December.
It's got like, like here.
No, it's got a little here.
And I stand corrected, sit corrected and apologize to your whole heartedly.
It was Jason Woolly.
It was Jason Woolly with the low hit.
Right.
Okay.
You said Brian Scroodland.
You are.
You are.
Yeah, but after he was already down and out, say you're right.
He was on the head down.
It was only 1.6 seconds left or something like that.
I wanted to just make a note to all your fond listeners who were out there who attend our games.
Thanks to you.
Yes, they did.
We cannot have garbage and live wrapped thrown on the arena.
It delays the game.
Right.
We need plentiful.
We're all wondering how long it would be before somebody would make that announcement.
Because these people.
And don't say it was my listeners to live wrap out there.
No, no, you're probably QAM's listeners through them out there.
I can't comment on it.
Yeah, I can.
I know.
I probably got them Chris Moore's twin brother through the live right out there.
I thought it was Wayne.
Oh, we got my check sign.
What did she say?
Oh, it's in the envelope.
Thanks.
You know what she brought it.
Thank you a lot.
She brought it out of her.
What is it?
I thought she probably said we're Brian Cox in, but.
No, she.
Now, why would you say that?
She's such a lovely young girl.
You don't even know her.
Who is it?
Leah, the accountability.
Well, you'd like to know her.
Because she writes all the checks.
It's the person I'd like to know.
There you go.
All right, well, what were you saying? What were you?
Randomly gonna be you to kill my show Jeff?
I'm not killing your show.
This is the way he rewards me for getting all those asses
for hockey and they, you know, we got to keep
a live rat and garbage.
No live rats and no garbage.
Get the plastic rats.
Okay, plastic rats only.
Plastic rats only.
And the only other rat allowed in the arena is Wayne
and I don't think he'll be showing up
anytime soon again now.
He's pulling an art mode out.
You notice the disappearing act?
I happen to notice.
Yeah, I know.
He's a big hockey fan.
Good.
In closing?
Yes, yeah.
A shameless request.
Yeah, I hate the bird.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
What a pest.
It's 1114 at W.A.
He's a good guy, but he's just a pest, you know what I'm saying?
He, he how do we lope with Greg from Pompadon?
No, that was, that was the bad.
That was from Boynton Beach.
Sorry, Greg.
Who's sorry for the best?
Okay, 1118 at W.A.
I'm curious that thing about the guy with the story
with the guy with the bow tie, the black guy and all
those black people up there and making a speech
and a sermon on the mountain inside of a McDonald's
or whatever.
What is that?
See, I know this may sound radical to you,
but to me, I'm one of those people that believes
that all retail establishments should ban all of these,
you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to mention any supermarkets
because I think they all do it,
but they let the girl scouts out there
and they like a cost you on the way in and on the way out
and they like to embarrass you to buy a bunch of crap
that you don't want, including some of that candy.
What, it's not girl scouts.
What is that other thing that they're always selling out there?
They're real crappy, cheap, sleazy candy in the box.
Oh, man, you could breath from that stuff, huh?
What about those nurses with the funny hats?
What are they?
I don't know.
Nurses with funny hats?
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
And they got the little bucket to throw the money in right.
I, you know, when I go shopping, I mean,
I'm gonna go inside and pay a retailer money to buy their crap.
I don't want to be like a costed outside,
especially don't want to be a costed inside
with some Louis Ferrican look alike,
making a speech with his guy Dan Boatay standing on the amount,
mounting on the counter.
Here's a mobile and Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Jeff from Orlando.
Yes, Jeff.
I'm working again.
I called you yesterday.
Yeah.
One chronic.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your CD.
Yes.
Did I get, did I get, oh, you, can you have one?
What?
I want a free one.
Free what?
Don't make me go back to Orlando.
Get out of here.
This asshole called up yesterday.
You remember to call a course you do
and I gave him the phone number for center one.
And he said, oh, it'll mail it to me and I said yes.
And now can he have one for free?
Of course not.
Of course not you butt plug.
You suck, you suck, you simple.
Then you sleazy piece of walking pus.
Man, oh man, a walking zit.
Jesus got almighty and Joseph and Esther and saw what is wrong with you, man.
You got some Hutzba.
Just called yesterday and he pretending and I knew he wasn't writing down the number.
And now he calls back again.
Could he have one for free?
Yeah, go steal one.
Okay.
Tell us which story you're going to.
So we make sure that we get you asked for a shoplifting.
You slime ball.
Go back to Orlando.
Okay.
Go back there into that fair villa place and go by yourself some goddamn horny videos
and keep yourself busy and get out of my push.
Jeff from Orlando who always calls like he's on Miami Beach, but isn't.
For a lot of day on the purple line.
Hello.
For a lot of day.
Is that me?
That's you.
Hey, how you doing in Miami now?
Like I said, Miami.
Hello.
Hey, listen, I'm from Philly.
I think you can leave it here.
Don't pay any attention to him.
I'll look at it.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
I think it is no slider.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
He haven't man is the panthers haven't man.
No, he's no Duke's night or he pays his taxes.
Yeah, well, he has no head.
No, it's not a reader.
The support of the community and the government.
Right.
That's half the problem.
Well, that's right.
Because he's got a hard ass attitude and he's a piece of crap.
But he pisses everybody off and let him get lost.
Well, you know, that's why we're going to lose the team.
I'll tell you one thing.
If we lose the panthers when this season's over, man,
I will never go to a Marlon game.
I'll never go to a dolphin game.
And as long as he's involved in any way, shape or foam.
I don't blame you.
Why can't we find someone local to take him away?
Let's find somebody with some serious money.
He was a good guy at least Mickey Harrison out.
Let's find somebody's got some money.
You and me.
OK.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Purple line is open.
What did you order for lunches there?
George Goddell, look.
I'll show I'm hungry.
You show I'm hungry?
Well, if you're all that hungry, oh, that's right.
I got my, yeah, but I'm very upset now because Rick told me
that there's all that salt in that Tyson chicken roll.
Now let me ask you when you go to the supermarket and you stand
online and take a number and you buy the chicken
roll that they slice for you there in the market.
Is that also loaded up with all that salt?
Because you know what I'm saying?
Because you never get to see the label.
Are you following me?
What I'm saying here?
You never get to see the label.
So you don't know what the ingredients are.
Now just a minute, Mr. Hotfingers.
Did you order lunch also or freebie?
Oh, man, what about your free-loading butt plugs
we got?
That's all right.
You're more than entitled.
After that brilliant payphone challenge this morning.
She was, was that jazz is old squeezed?
That one that you had there tied up with the gag,
you know, the gag order?
We have an open line on a green line, 1-800-944-9463.
So I got my meat and my provolone here in the other thing.
I don't have to worry about going out and getting this stuff.
That's going to make me do a big,
middle of the show anyway because the audience is getting tired
of me like making excuses and running downstairs
and doing a bit of it right in the middle of the show, right?
I think so.
I would believe so.
So we still haven't given away.
That must be some great movie like the guy said,
huh, disclosure, I want to get rid of it.
I want to get rid of it.
I don't want to touch it.
I don't want to see it especially with Michael Douglas.
See, I did like Michael Douglas on Street
to San Francisco with Carl Maldon and the big nose.
But then he started trying to pretend to be a sex pot
in all those movies and oh my god,
put the clothes back on Michael.
Who are you, you can?
You're two damn Jewish in Harry.
It's 1123 at W.I.D.
Even a Jennifer agrees.
He's two Jewish and two Harry.
It's big and it Michael Douglas.
Oh, yeah, she says forget that.
What did she say?
Yes, he heard about Luis McGon, Daisy Fontes.
What about him?
And you're believing that?
You believe it?
You're the news director and you believe that?
Oh my god, Jennifer.
It's big and it's back Jennifer.
You asked for it and you got it for how long?
Maybe for 20 minutes.
I suck my dick.
We're not talking about women.
We're not talking about women.
What?
Well, I was a strapping young buck.
I wore a Levy's 501G and so tight you could tell my religion.
I'm a Baptist.
Elma Johnson tells us about his fans.
Yeah, that was his style back then.
I really packed them too.
All the dollies used to call me Elma big, huge thing
in his trousers, Johnson.
In fact, Elma Johnson tells us more than we ever
wanted to know about his fans.
Then I got a little older, put on some weights
or started wearing Levy's deckers.
I could still fill out a pair of pants though.
But with age comes respect.
So people called me Mr. Elma big, huge thing
in his trousers, Johnson.
Levy's knows that as you get older, your body changes.
And your wardrobe has to change with it.
That's why in addition to our Levy's jeans and deckers,
we've added a new trouser line for seniors called Duffers.
Now that I'm an old man, my body ain't what it used to be.
So now I wear Duffers.
But by God, I can still pack a pair.
Just not the way I used to.
That's why people at the home call me.
Mr. Who made a big stinky in his trousers, Johnson.
New Duffers from Levy's with convenient, easy access
zippers in front and back.
The perfect pants to wear when you're old,
shapeless and in condofences.
Duffers, just think of them as big blue denim diapers
with legs.
1130 at W-W-W. So here's a fact that says George Tell Neal.
The restaurant in Fort Lauderdale where you can smoke
is Coco Pazzo.
The smokers is in the same restaurant.
Great food, it's in 2861 East commercial.
Great outstanding.
Still not getting no info on it.
Damn, Chromie and Prokola, ain't that the Chromate.
Did Bob send over a bunch of that Chromate stuff yet?
So we can try it or not.
And also this damn chicken, you know,
I gotta find out, we gotta get a woman to call
and like somebody who's a shopper who knows what she's buying.
Because this white meat, the chicken roll, it's good.
It tastes good.
It's like got the zero carbs.
It's, you know, but tree slices have 440 milligrams of sodium.
That's like a lot of salt.
Now everybody's saying, oh, it's gonna clog your arteries
and you're gonna be saying, oh, a clog all day
and you're gonna have like a fart attack.
I don't think so.
I think it's okay.
It doesn't have no nitrites in it.
Is that okay?
Because when you buy that stuff, now what's going on
in the other room?
Okay.
Well you said chicken, we thought we were talking about that.
No, I was not.
I absolutely, Pazzo, you got a one track mind in there
right now, okay?
Will you just leave that poor thing alone?
Here's the mobile invoker.
Hello?
Yeah, Neal, first time caller.
All right.
Hi.
Season ticket holder of the panthers,
Marlon and Dolphin.
Yes.
Boy, why don't you got you coming and going?
No, he's got, if he goes, I go.
Yeah.
I'm sitting with a bill right now for three grand
for the Marlon.
They haven't got a rat's prayer
or getting a penny out of me.
A dead rat, a plastic rat's prayer.
A plastic rat's prayer.
Why, wouldn't it be great though?
Why don't you put it,
all my friends have been asking me to call in and talk to you.
Yeah.
Telling, put them move together.
The guys who have Marlon tickets or Dolphin tickets
don't renew the Marlon tickets to be moved to the panthers.
Great. I love it.
All right.
That's a good idea.
Do it and we'll be behind you.
You know something, we ought to have,
we ought to like spread this to every radio station, every newspaper.
I mentioned some of the sports writers might pick up on it.
Get them where it hurts.
That's right.
Let's start hitting away in the pocket
and show them that we think he can take all this stuff
and just pick it up as fast.
What would be something if we were able to prevent that team
from moving?
Yes.
All right.
OK.
Do it and you got a bunch of backers behind you.
All right, pal.
Bye-bye.
Yeah.
I'm looking behind me.
They're all behind me.
They're like several yards.
Thank goodness.
But that is a good idea.
Until we get like our arena until we get some promise
that the panthers are staying here, we're not going to get jerked around.
That is if you got any of those forms to renew your Marlon tickets,
your Dolphin season tickets for next year, I just kind of hold it out.
You know, when it doubt hold it back, hold it out.
I mean, I can't influence all that many people, obviously,
because I'm trying desperately to fill up that goddamn arena
for just one game would be nice.
OK, for hockey.
I mean, a basketball people, well, they got that seven foot 10 freak
on there for 11 million dollars.
And they got the coach with a slick back here.
So right away, the first game was a sellout, although even that game was not a sellout
until they, until game day, till game time.
They, my dentist told me he walked up and bought tickets right at the box
or a fissom game day.
How do you like that for a heat game, an opening day?
But because they had made the big trade just today before.
So naturally, all the hype about it, they were able to sell out the first game.
And last night, I did look pretty jam-packed.
I saw about 30 seconds of it and talked to a people who were there.
But according to the paper this morning, there were like a few hundred empty seats.
And it wasn't, you know, it was not a sellout for sure.
But just one hockey game would be so great that we could sell it out.
And just, you know, but I, you know, I've done everything I can.
And the meantime, that guy's got a great idea.
And I'm all for it.
And I'll do whatever the hell it takes, OK?
Just to give it back to Wayne.
There you go, Wayne, right in your push.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami is gone.
Campy.
Impossibly.
When is Diaz?
It's the last that you're, they're patching around in the back there.
Do you hear it?
Hola.
You lose.
Open line and day 751 WIOD and on the green line 1-800-944.
So tomorrow, first hour, best of Neil, second and through the, from 11 to 2,
the worst of Randy, Randy's last show on WIOD, a really low blow, a nasty, miserable, obnoxious,
disgusting, but might be entertaining cut.
I said, here's Sunrise.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Let me start off first of all just so there's no shock.
I want the video.
All right.
There we go.
That'll be the end of these calls.
Yes.
No shame in this one, OK?
Well, there's no problem with them trying to get rid of it.
I don't want it.
Oh, yeah.
I'll take it.
Demi Moore is pretty hot.
Yeah, she's all right.
I've seen it before.
It's pretty good.
Yeah.
And they still look the same.
They still got the knobs in the same place.
And obviously, since I won't be supporting Blockbuster video anymore, I have to have something
to watch on my VCR.
That's a good excuse.
And I got a suggestion for Wayne, besides sucking my Brian Cox.
I'd like him to bulldoze that waste of time Blockbuster video games and golf, OK?
It's a rip off.
It's a joke.
And it also creates like a traffic jam.
The people are driving and out of there are like all nuts and they all drive back.
Oh, yeah.
And their Broncos and their explorers and their camries and all like track.
And their Jeep Cherokee's, yeah.
Oh, and the way to dolphin game and home depot and all that off.
Jeez, what a, you know, I hate the dolphins and I can't stand them all.
And so they're never going to get me tickets out of me.
Yeah, the dammit of he moves the Panthers.
I'm really going to be human.
Yeah.
We're going to stick it to him, man.
Yeah, you better not move our Panthers way.
And we're going to let you have it, baby.
He blows, man.
We're going to poop in our garbage bags just to get even with that Southern sanitation.
How do you like that, buddy?
I'm telling you, I was the guy at the fashion mall, you know, with Sunday with the Panthers,
Jersey, I just, you know, I just bought tickets for Saturday's game.
Right.
And I just, you know, I'm so pissed, man.
And now they're talking like, well, you know, forget about that.
It's a done deal.
There's nothing we can do there.
We're fighting for the heat.
Miami wants the heat and Broward wants the heat and Erison is saying this and that and
all of a sudden talking out of both sides of his ass.
But it's kind of like it's a done deal now.
You know, like a well too bad.
We tried and that's it.
Some major effort, boy.
I'll tell you you couldn't get me to a heat game would have done the way.
Exactly.
Watching a bunch of seven foot freaks jamming the ball, baby.
Yeah, Nick.
His day started by hijacking a yellow school bus.
When last scene, he was covered with a yellow tarp on a sidewalk in Miami Beach.
610 WIOD news was there.
Our listeners were there.
A combination that ends up to the best news in South Florida.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Grab my junior, honey.
I'm tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday.
What was that?
Did you see that?
What was that?
Huh?
I think the goddamn exorcist is in our CD player.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday mass?
Open wide, Billy, and prepare to receive thy savior.
Oh, geez, father O'Malley wafers again.
Now, Billy, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No.
Oh, through the divine miracle of transubstantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine
blessed body of Christ.
Well, why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice up your next communion with new Christa Roni.
Christa Roni is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings, plus a bit of the
body of Christ in every fluffy forkful.
And Christa Roni cooks up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm, can I have some more Christ father?
That's Christa Roni, Billy.
Amen to that.
Christa Roni, the transubstantiation treat.
Use son of a bitch.
1143 at W-I-D, you're a devout station.
We have two open line, one open line.
We have an open line at Broward, 5249463.
The green lines go in a stuff, and man, all we get like I said is a bunch of rejects
on those green lines.
That's because they're for like Palm Beach in the rest of the state, which makes us feel
a hell of a lot better about dating Broward.
We may have our problems.
We may be losing our hockey team.
We may have some serious problems with like decadence and decay and rot.
But I got news for you.
There were like hot shots compared to like Palm Beach in the rest of the state, especially
that COVID are in Tampa with our programming for the American Fecal Association, and they're
letting them decide what's on a year and who's on a year and what they can say.
And by the way, when's Don and Mike and Ron and Ron coming back on here in this market,
right?
Right.
Yeah.
Oh man, here it is the middle of November already.
Remember, boy, back early in the year.
Oh yeah, they're coming back on any day.
I just thought that this one.
Yeah.
Okay, tell us another bubble, my see pal.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Boy, what a brain you got.
You can rattle and rattle.
God, I just rambling.
You're a full of it.
Man, it flows out like a river.
That's amazing.
Yeah, I tell you, I happen to be a moment.
It's a product I just got a patent on.
And someone said to me, well, I know Neil Rogers, not Neil Rogers, but Wayne Heiseng is
son.
So he presented to him.
He says, well, if you want to get a package together and you present it to one of my
father's people, he'll look at it.
I happen to be talking to my lawyer.
He says, tell you away from that man.
He will rob your eyeballs.
Yeah, you will be lucky.
He will steal your balls.
Yeah, he may let you have to have the company.
He says, and his money's going to rule.
And he said, you'll be talking to yourself six months later.
It's right.
Always your time.
But we had an opportunity to move our product up, our production up to Boka, but we've
got some people in Vegas that want us to move out there.
Yeah, I'm going to take your recommendation.
I'm going to take the Vegas move.
Now you're talking.
Yeah, that's not you're making a lot of sense, man.
In fact, the people I was talking to after be talking about you.
And I said, why doesn't he remotus for his program?
You see, you can settle in Vegas and remot it back to Florida.
You still keep the same name.
You know something that sounds like a great idea.
God, is that sound like a hell of a great idea?
We had people when I was living in Vegas.
They probably, the casino would love for me to do the show live right from like the
MGM grand or the Seasors or one of those great casinos.
Do the show right from there.
Talk to some like famous people, dogs, some living and breathing people.
And just satellite the show back from there and live there.
Yeah.
Oh, what a brilliant idea.
Years ago up in New York, we used to have a show.
In addition to which?
In addition to the New Rochelle, New York.
In addition to which, let's see, 10 to 2 out there would be like 7 to 11 in the
morning.
So I'd be off the year at 11 o'clock.
I'd have it the whole rest of the day to lose my salary.
Yeah.
He said he could do it.
He could remotus.
I love it.
If it came through it, we know you're making good bucks.
Take a little cut and let the help pay the expenses.
Take a little cut.
Let them go.
Are you crazy?
Yeah.
Take a little cut.
Yeah.
You're a dreaming man.
Yeah, you made a little cut at the brisk.
All right.
I remember.
Yeah, I was there.
I took a big cut.
Yeah.
But I'll tell you that's what that was when she told me that if it's like it on a
year, I'm going to mention it to Neil.
It was always a five-year-old.
Something for me, definitely to put in my under my skull cap.
Yeah.
OK, Neil.
OK, good luck, pal.
Good.
See you.
Good.
10, W-I-O-D, odd outrages and shockingly weird.
We're not talking about women.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Yes.
Oh.
I love it.
I love it.
Whoa.
I'm wet.
We're not talking about women.
OK, 1151 at W-I-O-D. We have an open line in day, 751.
We got two and brown, 524 and a green line and a whole bunch of now.
It's getting there.
Why is it every day when it gets close to noon hour?
These people think it's time to eat lunch.
Is there something wrong with you or what?
And you notice all the women calling up,
give me all the information about they know nothing, OK?
Trying to find out about shopping in the market.
You know I'm getting the slice chicken roll
as opposed to buying it in the package with all the sold-in?
They know nothing.
And if they do, they're keeping it a big secret.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I see all the time in the arena.
I beg your pardon?
I always see it at the arena.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I sit down below you.
OK.
And I'm very upset.
I just call the marlins.
I cancel my baseball season to get.
Oh, all right.
So that's that.
And I'm very upset with the...
Great.
Let's start a big movement, man.
Let's stick him in a pocketbook
where really pinches him the most is ball-headed geek.
Are you going down tonight?
No, I'm not.
No.
I'm not going to be here.
I'm going to be out of town as we can.
Well, I'm going down with a big sign.
But there will be people in my seats,
though, I don't like those empty seats.
Oh, no.
Of course.
Listen, what should I put on my sign?
Highs in a fox or...
No, it'd be good.
Something like that.
I'm going outside and stand on those steps.
Or how about Wayne suck my duck?
That would be good.
Listen, do you ever get down the keys?
No, I have never been to the keys.
Oh, you should have been there.
But anyway, I thought I'd let you know
that guy that had the idea of
canceling the marlins, kickers, that kind of stuff.
Right on.
You're first in line.
Listen, I am.
OK.
We love you very much.
Thank you so much.
Bye-bye.
Nice going.
There you go.
You see it just starts with one
and there's another one.
He does a good idea.
Let's stick it to him, OK?
I mean, let's face it.
The marlin thing, it's really hot out there.
It's humid, it's stuffy, it's boring.
Let's stick it to him, OK?
I mean, let's face it, the marlins.
What was that?
Oh, that line is still on there.
I like that, though.
That was good.
He had the radio on the back
and he was listening to his own voice.
Lane, Lane, Lane, Lane, Lane.
Oh, it's a good son of a bitch.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
OK.
I don't ever get to talk to you
because I'm working all the time.
Yeah.
And I listen to you, you're really just
a bit of a bit of a bad feeling.
But I was down at the game with the flowers
and the guys don't know nothing.
The guess-relations, man, I was trying
to find out something about the thing Sunday.
About the thing?
Yeah, about the skills competition.
My son plays ice hockey up at sunrise.
I'm down here, West Kendall.
And I thought it was something for the kid.
So I was trying to find something about it.
And nobody knew nothing.
Of course.
And I said, Neil's right.
Nobody knows nothing.
That's right.
You got it.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
But you should.
You got me turned on the hockey.
That's the only sport I go to.
And they're taking it away from us.
Yeah.
That's terrible.
You search for something good all your life.
You finally get your hands on it
and they yank your right out of it.
That's right, man.
My son was the first year playing
these 12 years old.
He's up there at sunrise.
But it's a long truck for me.
Yeah.
But I heard they're going to build a nice hockey down here
and cut the ridge.
Yeah.
Hopefully within the next year,
it won't be making my hour trip every morning.
That Saturday morning at 5 o'clock
to have to see myself.
That's right.
And it was nice talking to you.
I listened to you all the time.
I listened to Rick and Sards, Phil Henry.
And I want to call somebody a douchebag.
Donnie, you're a plant and douchebag.
OK.
Take it.
Yeah.
All right, pal.
You're a little nervous, but nevertheless.
So anyway, those women with the white schmottes on
that George thought were nurses
that are always begging for money,
come to find out that they're not nurses at all.
They're like part of some religious outfits.
Some cults, some soldiers of the cross.
What is that?
What is soldiers of the goddamn cross?
Also, by the way,
Borders books, which I told you, Borders, Books, Music,
and et cetera,
we're just going to be opening in Fort Lauderdale
like in just a few days.
And it's going to be right by the gallery.
We'll have the exact address like coming.
It's coming.
But right by the gallery.
Here's Mommy Beach on a purple line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Wow.
Well, he was nervous.
I was a little nervous, but yeah.
I have an X-Win hockey story which touches all your bases.
OK, let's touch it.
OK, I'm actively involved in hockey down here.
I play.
I coach last August, I guess a couple of months ago,
I had the opportunity to play with Ed Jovenowski.
Great kid.
Yeah.
And most of us don't take showers after the games
because we live in the area and we go home.
So he was on his way.
I don't think manage would approve of that.
Oh, no, not at all.
You'll like this though.
OK.
So there happens to be a shower facility.
It's the rank up in North Miami.
So he comes out of the shower, stark ass naked,
an incredible physical specimen.
Yeah.
He asks if anyone has a towel.
Yeah.
Nobody had a towel.
He continued to stand there naked.
We were somewhat in awe.
Honestly.
Yeah.
You can ask me anything you want to believe me.
I can give you the answer.
Really?
Honestly, but nice kid.
Does it have like a little pimple on the end?
That close I did not get.
OK.
Did not, but he's good kid.
He hits hard.
Yeah, I love what he did to Brindamore the other day.
Boy was a good clean check.
He knocked his socks right off, man.
Yes.
Stunk his ass right down here.
It was a beautiful.
It was a great check.
I was a clean check.
Yeah.
And Brindamore came after him later in the game,
and Joe Van Alci stood his round.
That's right.
He bounced them off like a rubber ball off a brick wall.
He's not ready to drop the gloves yet.
He still has a huge knot on his hand.
Yeah.
Is a huge knot.
Knock.
Yeah, on his gland.
Yes, on his gland.
OK.
Yes.
But you're not going to be at the game tonight.
No, I will not.
All my sons playing between the first and the second pure.
I'll be damned.
Well, I'm doing a great job, even without me.
Yeah, it's so huge.
Yeah.
Yes, that is true.
OK.
Well, I'm glad you were in awe, anyway.
I was in awe.
Have a great life, pal.
Bye-bye.
You're luck to us.
OK.
Purple line is open.
He saw him start naked, and he was in awe.
The real question is, what locker room, sour?
Are you going to most likely be at?
Which one would you like me to be in?
Have you been in the sour at the panthers?
Those are real men.
You check ass.
Two open lines in date, 751 WIOT, two and Broward.
You know, just leave the mad dog alone already.
He's too busy with Brian and Aaron the shower, and they're just
about to finish up a little unfinished business.
Here's Pembert Pines.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Andy.
Yeah, OK.
Great.
Have a great life.
Bointen Beach.
Hello.
Bointen Beach.
Is gone.
OK.
Like I said, open line in date, 751, two and Broward, 524.
They just all get locked, y'all.
Once the little hands get ready to hit the big hand, man, that's it.
They're done. They're finished.
They got a lock job, baby.
That's, they're all done.
Including that Eddie Ass, Holen, Pembert Pines, who really ought to find a life desperately.
Here is Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, where are you?
OK.
Let me ask you a question. It's not about sports.
Good.
Did you hear what happened with Colin Powell now that he's not running for president?
Because his wife is worried that he'll get killed.
Are you kidding me? He's not running for president?
No.
No kidding.
Because of his wife.
Yeah, that's the first thing I mentioned on here this morning, but nobody's talked about it.
Yes?
Oh, I just woke up a few minutes ago.
Yeah.
So how are you doing, Neil?
So who cares whether he's running for president or not? Who the hell needs his ass?
That's true.
Who needs him?
Oh, I don't need him.
Mr. Hot Shot.
Who do you think he's going to run now?
What do you mean who I think he's going to run?
Bob Dole and Bubba.
But do you think Clint is going to run again?
Yes, he is.
Will you vote for him?
Yes, I will.
For Clinton?
Yes, I will.
Why?
Why are you going to vote for Bob Dole?
Yeah.
You're going to vote for the Dole man?
The man who's got a personality like a dead frog?
Anything's better than Clinton?
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
How about Heinrich Himmler?
How's that sound?
He's a jackass.
Yeah.
You know, Wayne Heisenberg.
You ever seen him and Bob Dole together?
No, Wayne Heisenberg.
You ever seen him together?
Bob Dole and Heinrich Himmler?
No.
Yeah.
Go back to sleep, pal.
We have an open line today at 7519-463.
All a Broward is sitting there in a massive coma at 524-9463-524-WIOD.
The only radio station that doesn't suck.
610-WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610-WIOD.
Dumb Jack.
Can I have a light please?
Okay.
Okay, 12-0-8 at WIOD.
We got an open line in the Tum and Day Tum and Broward.
Purple line.
We got a whole bunch of knuckers.
They're all busy eating out.
They're just sitting back laid out.
That's okay with us.
We don't really give a crap to be honest with it because it's already
noon.
This is a piece of cake now.
Let's see.
We got the IOD, the WIOD armored truck that neat that beautiful and amazing thing.
Right as I speak right now, to one o'clock it's at Big Daddy's Flanagan's 2505 North University
driving Hollywood.
You can zip over there and register.
Just fill out the intervelling register for that kick you way to the Super Bowl thing we're doing.
And then at 5 this afternoon it'll be Flanagan's bar in Grill 2600 West.
They'll be Boulevard for Lauderdale.
And tomorrow noon to one at Big Daddy's Flanagan's at four North Federal Highway in
Hallendale.
Oh, I should have a bunch of live ones for that, right?
Okay, 751 WIOD and Dayed.
524 Broward has especially been really repugnant with their behavior this morning but that's not unusual.
And of course that guy that called me for about my starting this big thing.
And we had one guy who already had done it anyway with the tickets.
One guy, you know, this is the problem.
Try to get people to get together in mass in his town and make any kind of a statement.
Do anything that means anything because they don't give a crap.
And that's why he's able to jank us around.
And by the way, for that Julio that just called me for what a concept Julio is for Republicans.
Oh, that's unusual.
But anyway, Channel 4 last night axed on the news.
Did you see that they were taking their own presidential poll since now what's his name is out of the running Colin Powell.
And they had the likely a matchup which it's going to be his Bubba against Dull.
And the result they just put on air just now Clinton 69% Dull 31%.
Oh, it's a landslide, baby.
It's no contest.
So if the Republicans want to make sure that Bubba gets in there again for four years,
which I will go vote 10 times for Bubba, just put up that old Dull Bob Dull.
Maybe it's a given.
It's a lot better life on it.
Here's Boca. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've been listening to the news station and the girl comes on and did the news station.
Yeah, well, you were listening to the news station.
Oh, wait, do you hear what he was saying?
Yeah.
They did a poll if I can say that.
On the number one reason why men get pee now in large.
Yeah.
And you never get what the number one answer was.
It wasn't for satisfaction of your partner.
Yeah.
For satisfaction in the locker room.
What do you got to think about this penis thing?
Yeah.
Well, that's right because Manditz, you know, if he looks down on you, if he frowns on it,
man, you got big problems.
Oh, I know.
And I figured he'd get right in with Brian.
He's got a big mouth and loose lip-sync ships.
That's what Brian said.
Couldn't believe it, though.
Number one for hanging out in the locker room.
That's right.
Man, we gotta impress the other guys.
What does that tell you, huh?
I'm telling you, I agree.
Sounds a little fade to me.
Have a great day, pal.
All right, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we don't know if it's precious.
You know, I better get Luis back up.
Because everybody's big into that movie, the smell game.
What is the name of that movie?
Sleepwalk?
George?
The one that Luis is in.
What's the name of that movie?
Pratlus.
Where now do I get sleepwalk?
Maybe with Santa and Johnny.
Breathless?
How come if it's breathless?
It's not like Jerry Lee Lewis.
All the way.
All day.
On your Julio station for the 90s,
Julio's for Bill Clinton right here.
Sign up at the door.
Julio's for freedom.
Julio's for democracy.
Julio's against fascism.
Julio's against repression.
Julio's against the interthal thinking.
Julio's against sexism.
Julio's against racism.
And bigotry everywhere.
Julio's against homophobia.
God forbid.
Maricone.
Julio's against each other.
Which we do see a lot of that by the way in the locker room.
Right?
Oh, gee.
That was bad.
So, Andrew Orlando getting married by the way.
We better get to him before it's too late.
So anyway, the best news of all.
Where did we hear that?
That was on entertainment tonight last night.
Entertainment last night, tonight,
according to Adam.
And they had a thing on there about OJ of all things.
And it come to find out that OJ saw that movie breathless
and became and it wasn't breathless.
Was it that's not what the guy said before?
You're wrong.
That's not the name of the movie.
You jackass.
It begins it's like speechless sleepwalk.
It's not breathless.
George.
What is the correct name of the movie?
That's not it.
Speechless.
Oh, yeah.
Speech breathless.
Same thing.
Breathless.
Oh my god.
Why is everybody calling in here thinking this is the coast today?
What do they want?
I mean, inside lines, the talk lines.
All the way.
All the way.
On 97.3.
The coast.
The coast.
The coast.
I'll tell you they might have an audience if they put his ass on there.
I'll tell you that.
So anyway, speechless.
And OJ saw the movie and then he got fast and then it would Luis Miguel.
He was having a concert, I guess, wherever OJ was, like maybe an LA.
And OJ tried to get like some freebies and he got shine twice.
They had two different concerts.
He tried to get in like free passes and backstabbed the whole deal.
And they shine as I said, get out of here.
I love Luis even more now than ever before.
You know what I'm saying?
I know you're Kisiana, but I'm a team.
I had a boy, Luis.
Don't hang out with a slime ball.
I'm just gonna touch you.
Because they see something.
What a voice.
I'm what a pussy.
You can get your panther season tickets by dialing this number
inside the bottom of your screen there.
See it?
Just dial on 800 Earl Lee.
I don't have a spell it, but you can.
Phil Hendry, 2 to 6 p.m. on News, Talk, and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
Brackham, hell, it damn near Killham.
He was the most famous law man in the West has ever known.
Look, it's wet!
Hey!
How you doing?
Everything.
Okay.
Fine, what are you?
Okay.
Some called him a hero.
Others are rebel.
In the end, he was a legend dispensing his unique brand of frontier justice.
Nobody move.
This is a hold-up.
Not so fast, mister.
Why?
I had thanked God.
You're here.
All right, you.
Up against the wall.
I heard about you, Marshall.
They say you can kill a man with your breath.
They do.
Oh, my God.
Why did you have for lunch?
Oh, some onions.
Some garlic.
Oh, and a...
Little hamburger shake.
He got me!
Kevin Costner stars in the story of the West's most legendary law man.
And the gunfight with his brothers at the OK Corral.
All right, Wyatt.
It's me and the Clinton guy who gets you and your brothers.
Drop!
Ready, boys?
Ready!
Ready.
Ready.
Okay.
Let him have it.
Lauren's cast in presents.
Wyatt Burp.
Like you didn't see that one coming.
Burp.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Okay, 1218 at W.I.D. on a really nifty Friday, which is really a Thursday.
But sure feels a hell of a lot like Friday to me for some reason.
I can't put my finger on it.
Here's the mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, listen.
Now, what I was wondering is, you know, I've been playing hockey most of my life.
And who the hell is going to watch hockey in Nashville?
Nobody.
Well, it, you know, I think it's a-
Even the Japanese never saw a bomb this big.
I'll tell you that right now.
I guarantee you can go to the bank on it.
It just, it doesn't know this is making any sense at all.
Yeah.
And I'm really distraught over it.
Right.
Can you help me?
Can I help you with one?
I'm just so distraught.
How's that?
Feel better?
There you go.
I feel 100% better.
Okay, pal.
Hey, Neil, can I cancel a douchebag?
Yeah.
Tom Bragga.
You're a Swiss cheese golly douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
There is a guy who shoots a lot.
We have an open line in date, 751, the two green lines, Pomp Beach.
It's really a sad, sorry, situation up there in Pomp Beach, ain't it?
I wonder if the goddess has heard I'm sure she has because she listened to this show on a way to work to get some material.
But I love you personally, Randy.
But this is business, I guess, and it's not my idea.
And it's Steve, what's his name again, Dickel?
He's a dillin' around again.
He's getting that attitude going once again, the worst of Randy tomorrow on the last three hours of the show.
The first hour's the best of Neil, last three hours, the worst of Randy.
Her last show on WIOD.
And it's almost, you know, it's almost worth staying around in town just to hear that when she says,
That ought to be pretty good.
Or when she says,
Okay.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great show today.
Ripped at them high things.
Screw them.
Screw them.
There's only bald-headed, pimply-faced ass.
Oh, my question.
I only got one question.
Yes.
When Jim and Brian go into the shower, what does Brian tell Jim?
We have two open lines in date.
7519-463-75.
I love these people.
I do these little setups, these little talk-ups.
Like I'm going to, you know,
Like I'm going to like do stuff on cue.
Like they like their orchestrating the goddamn show.
So much.
Here's a Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
That was a good effort.
Yeah.
Pretty lame, I thought.
Clearly, but a good effort.
Yeah, very lame.
Hey, Neil, did you hear about the dude in California who
Been into the taco?
With the frog.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Isn't that amazing?
It could have been worse.
He could have come to Hollywood, Florida and seen a frog.
You know what I'm saying?
How does a French Canadian fit in a taco?
Good question.
You know?
Maybe the price was right.
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah.
I like it.
We have an open line in date.
751-1 and Broward.
5249-463-1 on the green line.
1-800-1 we don't care.
We're up here in Palm Beach.
Oh, and that's the other story.
This millionaire up there in Palm Beach keeps the Hocketed
China.
Oh, he's very interested in buying the team.
And it's going to be the West Palm Panthers.
I got news for you.
I'm going to say it again.
As much as I love him.
I mean, hockey is my life.
I live.
I die.
Watch the penguins beat up on Ottawa last night.
I saw some of the Rangers.
A Tampa Bay Blue.
That game.
I saw a little bit of every game.
Mostly the penguins, even though Doug McLeod was doing the game.
And Mike Langhead and I'd off.
But I mean, you know something.
People are not going to be driving all the way up to West Palm Beach to go see the pair.
Are you crazy?
Are you out of your minds?
God.
These maniacs.
What do you got there, Brett?
Some more crap?
Good.
The crap just keeps on coming.
Maybe it never stops.
Oh, look at this.
Smoker dinner.
What is that?
Smoker dinner.
Where?
What is that?
Chart house.
I don't know what that lets all about.
Anyway, did I say it's 1221 and W.I.D.
We got more crap on that facts machine, man.
It's amazing.
It's a start frightening.
It snows and the wind blows right through.
They lost the World Series.
They lost Chasmacay.
And now they've lost their football team.
Project Trip number nine.
The mistake by the lake.
Listen for this sound.
Beats.
Been qualified for Project Trip number nine.
Oh my God.
It's Cleveland from News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
Hey, stupid.
Hey, asshole.
Cecil B. Demir, directed Charlton Heston in the classic
Butten Commandments.
Yo, yo, yo, check it out.
Now Cecil B. Demir directs O.J. Simpson in.
A nine Commandments because that tenth one
don't hold up in a court of law.
No one I'm saying.
Yeah.
Yo, check it out in the first movie.
The payroll was as bad, do you, right?
In all flick, it's the firm and that's the heavy.
No, no, no, no.
In the last ten years, I have not used a Moses word.
The nine Commandments were Moses defense team
parts of ocean and evidence.
In the Ten Commandments, Moses sets his people free.
Check it out in the nine Commandments, Moses people said his aspirin.
We, Decurie, find a process.
Way too rich and good looking.
To be guilty of anything, you honest.
Yo, it's the nine Commandments.
Check it out.
If you don't know which one's this and man,
you must have been on the mother fucking jurors.
Do you son of a bitch?
Okay, 1227 to W.I.
Do that thing is always just just in case, always standing by.
Anyway, here it is right in print.
So it must be true, maybe not.
Latin Heart Drop, Luis Miguel may have turned down Daisy Pointes'
marriage proposal, but not for long.
He took her to Tiffany's and they picked out a $68,000 diamond
engagement ring, which he wore right out the door.
She wore it right out the door at the end of his foot.
So what's night of the guys coming in?
How that's the question?
Open line at Broward, 524 W.I.O.D.
You better call it right now, man, or you may miss out your big chance.
Here's a mobile in where?
In Miami. Hello?
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm calling you from Nashville.
I know what he's talking about Miami.
Yeah, right.
And we just, how long you had that, how long you had that phony accent, man?
How long you had that, how long you had that phony accent, baby?
How about getting your finger out of your brain, man?
You're making like an air hole in there.
The air is going to blow in from the top five.
Yeah, take it out your eyes.
We have an open line at day 7519-463, 751 W.I.O.D.
All the way.
Did sound pretty convincing.
That sound like the Nashville guy.
Yeah, y'all going to love Nashville.
Yeah, that's what he said.
And you know what else he said?
And what I think I already used, unfortunately, earlier,
which, but it's always worth hearing again.
Corn especially.
Yeah, here is the keys on the purple line.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How'd you like that guy, huh?
Yeah, what a loser.
Yeah.
Go back to Nashville, loser.
Hey, 30 pounds on the iTunes diet.
Oh!
The cops are flooding the keys, telling the drive carefully.
And one other thing.
Can you play how much for a Hummer?
OK.
Have a good one, Neil.
25 bucks.
Open line on the purple line, pound I.O.D.
One and Broward.
5249.460.
What is he talking about?
Where did he come up with something
grotesque and disgusting like that?
Like, we really have something with a name like that?
George.
Where did he come up with that?
Anyway, don't forget we got the best of Randy from 11 to 2.
Well, it's not the best of Randy.
It's the worst of Randy.
Her last show on WIOD.
And George is coming up with something really deep.
What did he do something like special?
Or is it just that nose job that got everybody bent out of shape?
How much for a kiss?
How much for a kiss?
Good, I get it for a nickel, good, I get it for a quarter.
Yeah!
And cost more money than I'll miss.
How much for a hug?
How much for a hug?
Good, I get it for a nickel, good, I get it for a quarter,
and cost more money than I've got.
How much for a quick feel?
How much for a quick feel?
Good, I get it for a nickel, good, I get it for a quarter.
And would I get a good deal?
Can I touch your I need?
Can I touch your I need?
Good to touch it for a nickel.
Good to touch it for a quarter.
You wouldn't have to remind me.
Ha ha ha!
I've got no money to spend.
Whoa ho ho ho!
Hont, you be my friend.
A-a-a-a-time could take us far.
If you'll please get in my car.
And I'll say to you,
How much for a hum job?
How much for a hum job?
Could I get a for a nickel?
Could I get a for a quarter?
Can I have for a hum job?
A hum job!
Doubted.
1230 at WIOD.
What was the guy want to hear?
Open line in the green line.
1-800-909-449-463-189-44-WIOD.
We got the Miller Lite 610 kick the crap out of the football contest.
We got the damn trip to Cleveland, the tragic trip.
We got the thing with the best of Randy.
We got all kinds of stuff up in the air,
including the silly little signs that are flying over every event in town.
What's the next event that's going to happen?
Are there going to be flying a thing over?
The annual nose picking parade in the Parine.
Here is for Lauderdale.
A good afternoon, Neil.
When has Todd to this, amigo, come on stuff.
Doesn't this country have any memory about Bob Dull that he single-handedly lost the election for Jerry Ford back in 76?
That is absolutely correct, sir.
He is a born loser and he's a professional loser and he's a chronic loser.
I know, I'll tell you, I'll use a scary in the ball.
In addition to which being a very old man who like goes with a win, whichever way,
and of course, now that the right wing's got to hold him,
he is sufficiently being the super moralist and dictating what's going to be on TV
and who's going to watch this and becoming a real radical born-again right-winger in the screw-up.
Oh, yeah, we would be a military state, I think.
Right.
What do you mean we would be?
He's not the most dangerous person out there right now.
He's what?
One of the most dangerous, one of the most dangerous person out there.
He's not quite Bob Dornin and Pat Buchan, but he's getting close.
Yeah, I just want to pass the word on him.
Okay, pal.
See ya.
Rest in peace, pal.
Don't worry about it.
No problem.
Bob Dull, a born loser, be a landslide.
So anyway, we got what's his name is on there.
Cole and Nick.
Cole is naked.
Nick has still got the shirt on, but that'll come off.
He's got a schmatz on it.
He said, Nick with a schmatz on his head.
That's right.
They're working out out there on the farm, maybe.
They're like belting a few.
Look at that.
Nick is the being the tall boy.
That's a cute thing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
Jamie and Nicole, you have your months that I got a free tape from you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
For what?
What I give you?
I'm one of your Columbia house tapes.
It's really hard.
Oh, great.
And was it any good?
Yeah, it's great film.
How do you like that?
And I mentioned George was very efficient and you got it in just like a couple of days.
Oh, he wanted was personal vital information.
There you go.
Shoot size?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I can say as you're welcome.
Thank you, sir.
And have a great life.
Thank you.
Okay, so he didn't have anything to say except thank you, but there was, you know, there's something nice about San.
Thank you.
And I'm glad you're here.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I had a report from the Marlins who we used to be Susan Ticket holders.
They keep calling my house.
Yeah.
And I got this guy named Andy Major on the phone.
He's writing new everything about everything.
Yeah.
And he's giving me a whole big argument because I tried to explain to him that in business,
if anybody's been business and they have a loss, especially somebody in a high-zenged position.
You know, he's not losing anything.
We're the ones who are paying for his losses and his tax write-offs.
The guy's giving me a whole high-time thing.
I don't know what I'm talking about and that he's really upset that the hockey's leaving.
And this whole whole night, y'all, it's for a half an hour.
He's trying to keep me on the phone to renew the Marlins tickets.
And I tell them, you got it.
We're having a petition going around the arena tonight for everybody who has season tickets to any other
of high-zenged holdings.
And we're going to try to get everybody to find it and nobody else to go.
Oh, I love it.
Great.
And by the way, did you get your toilet fixed?
I'm still waiting for Izzy.
You know, he's a little bit slow.
Because my husband does that. We live right near you in the acres.
Well, stand by because if Izzy don't get his act together the next few days, I may have to give him a call.
Okay, you want me to leave my number?
No, you, I'll let you know.
Okay, very good, Neil. Enjoy your time.
Okay, good luck on that thing. That's a great idea.
Okay, we're going to work on it. Good for you.
Good for you. Great.
See ya.
Bye.
There you go. Somebody's taking a ball by the horn.
Huh? They're taking a ball in their hand.
Would can't keep his packer in his pants.
Oh, my God.
Some days, everything takes more time than you expect.
Fortunately, dinner doesn't have to be that way.
Because in 30 minutes or less, you can put together a beef dinner your family will think took hours to prepare.
That's why at our lean south, the kids are starting to feel a little queasy at the wolfing down their chilly mac.
And across town, the Bradford's are gathered around the toilet bowl, vomiting up the last of their beefy and gelatinatas.
And even now, Ben and Carol Baker are thinking about that funny tasting meatloaf they add for dinner,
while they're being rushed in an ambulance to the emergency room with the worst stomach cramps of their lives.
You see, in 30 minutes or less, you may be able to put together a beef dinner.
But given all the prep time involved, you won't have time to actually cook it.
Raw beef and E. coli. It's what's for dinner.
20-Cell-1 at WIOD, Dayline Opener.
If you jump on it quickly, man, if you really move fast, baby, 751-9463-751-WIOD.
Here's Boka. Hello. Boka.
See, I don't even know why you put the Palm Beach people on it. They're never there. It's just, you know...
I'm not answering them anymore.
Scrum. Here's Bay Harbor. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Hi, this is Gary from Boston, the hockey coach.
Yes, Gary. How are you?
Okay. Did the hockey jersey fit?
Did it fit?
Yeah.
And then some.
Quick analysis of the Hazangat thing.
What he's really missing the bow-knife is the kids.
And that's what they got.
What do you mean that he's missing the bow-knife?
Do you think he cares about that?
Yeah, well, that's a...
He doesn't care about that.
It's amazing if you can see the influence that he has on the kids.
Well, the team has on the kids. They've got everything from the hats, the shirts.
Right.
They're like, about hockey all the time.
That's right.
He don't care.
That's amazing.
Well, I want to call him say hello.
Sorry, not going to be at the game tonight.
I heard earlier that you can be out of town.
Right.
But we'll see you at some point, hopefully soon.
I'll stop by and say hello and have a good vacation.
Okay, well, tell the kids, Wayne says he's sorry.
All right, now.
Okay, pal. Thanks, Wayne.
Bye.
He's the great, still hockey, baby.
That's weighing for you.
So what were you saying about that woman I called before?
We have an open line in the green lines that...
If there's any...
Now, I think anybody up there is going to call it like say anything
or even make a guttural sound.
1-800-944-9463.
You people in Palm Beach, man, the biggest bunch of losers I have
ever seen in my life.
Sorry, sorry, I asked.
But when the passion bitch is on it...
Oh, Aaron, I don't know.
I've got this very tiny penis and everybody laughs at me.
That kind of stuff.
W-I-O-D.
Stop that queer.
Yeah, there we go.
But weak.
Very weak now.
You better work on it, okay?
Really better work on it.
W-I-O-D.
Bye-bye, boys.
1-800-944-C.
If you really proud of them a little bit, they can come up with a good material.
1-800-1-W-I-O-D.
Well, that must have been my call that you heard to Aaron.
That's a small penis.
That was it.
That was me.
You don't have to feel bad.
You got a lot of company.
Yeah.
And that's it.
W-I-O-D.
Here's some of the things.
Let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Nail.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Listen, I'm pissed off about losing the Panther 2, but that's not going to stop me from going
to the game for the rest of this year.
No, neither.
I mean, nobody is suggesting that, sir.
No one is suggesting that.
We're not going to abandon the Panthers just because of God damn Wayne Hypenga.
I think they're really playing over their head, and I think they got a chance to, you know,
show a lot of people a little bit of help.
That's because they got a great coach who can motivate these guys and really put a spark
under the rest.
Look what we did for Nita, my man.
This kid was asleep until Doug McLean got here.
Really?
He looked at these guys up.
He used to look at the bench from before, and this looked like a morgue over there.
Now, this is really good.
Yes, especially the coach used to stand there with that wrinkled up push.
You never know if it was a mannequin or the real thing.
Yeah, I wanted to thank you for the tickets for the last game.
Fliar game.
It was great.
That was a good one to be there for, man.
It was a dynamite third period.
It was scintillating.
Oh, it was.
It was electrifying.
And there was a few more people, but we need to fill it up, baby.
Exactly.
All right.
Thank you.
See ya.
W-I-O-D.
W-I-O-D.
If the pad is leave, Wayne dies.
Open line and data.
Totally the good calls come on the Palm Beach lines.
1-800-944-9463.
We don't want to start getting a bunch boss.
We don't want to make any threats, but guess what?
Here's a Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hello, Doctor.
Uh-huh.
It hurts when I do this.
Open line in the Broward.
You can't see you pushed it too far, pal.
You pushed it a little bit too far.
524-944.
Oh, look at that.
W-I-O-D.
Can I speak to the Horde?
W-I-O-D.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Listen.
W-I-O-D.
Neil.
Yes.
You can't do best of tomorrow.
You know why?
You know that, too.
That said, Asshole.
Asshole, Greg.
W-I-O-D.
Isn't that amazing?
Isn't that shocking to you?
That the people in Palm Beach, what do we got?
Like 400 listeners up there?
And no matter what it might be, unless it's a giveaway or an opportunity to show their ass to the world, they can't do it.
But give them an opportunity to do either or both.
And man, it's astonishing.
It's amazing.
And let me tell you something, Greg.
No matter how desperate we might be on any show on this radio station, you're still out.
Okay?
You're out, Greg.
W-I-O-D.
Lock it in.
W-I-O-D.
You gave me herpes.
But the price was right.
Who are we doing here?
Oh, wait, wrong line.
Mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Leaving town is one of the call and thank you for the five years of great radio.
What do you mean you're leaving town?
You mean like, permanently?
Yeah, I could say.
You're leaving town?
You couldn't take it any longer.
You're leaving us?
You're leaving this tropical paradise?
I can go into those big cities.
Where's that?
Indianapolis.
Oh.
Well, you got Bob and Tom up there anyway.
Got a great radio show.
They are great.
Yes, they are.
They're good.
And I just want to have never called you, unless you've been a fan for five years.
And you're right.
Well, you're not leaving now, are you?
The Mars, my last day.
You're leaving in the middle of November to go up north?
What a messicus.
What a maniac.
An Indianapolis in the middle of the goddamn wintertime?
Go figure.
Yeah.
That's all I had.
I've got no material.
Okay, take a lot of sipper with you.
We'll do.
Okay, good luck.
Okay, there he goes.
Good luck to our pies on another one, leaving town.
It sounded like it was under the age of 100.
It might have an IQ bigger than his goddamn remember.
How do you like that?
He's gone.
They're leaving.
They're leaving.
It's 1246 at WIOD.
610, WIOD.
A thousand milligrams of aspirin is not enough.
Portions of this program brought to you by Mr. Queen.
All purpose cleanser.
Mr. Queen makes everything smell pretty.
And now back to our show.
Are you?
What's the matter with Les being golfers?
Can't you tell we really love hitting balls?
The only thing that separates us from the men
is the country club's bathroom stalls.
I let my girlfriend use all her caddy.
She's the friend I'm the book.
She calls me daddy.
Muff guy, that five tuna taco.
All right, it's still ladies golf to me.
My favorite holder doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
No, quit me because I'm a snapper, lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
You're strong as a bird.
I'm a smithy, Tom got caught in a clubhouse.
Let me golf is the only time with the girls.
I'm gay, let's play LBGA.
Still ladies golf to me.
And riders disgrace chips at all my face.
And still ladies golf to me.
1251 and WIOD.
Happy Thursday.
It's a hell of a day, baby.
We got an open line in day 751.
How's the cranklines coming? WIOD?
I hate you.
Okay, boy, man, it's been a long time, huh?
It's been a long time, pal.
Jesus, holy crap.
Here's West Palm Beach on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
I don't know, man.
Finally.
You tell us.
French Canadian.
Yeah.
And I've been listening to you for five years.
You're a French Canadian?
You're a frog?
Yes, sir.
Hey, cart this up.
Yeah.
What's up, man?
How about Mac?
That's a good one.
What?
Mashed them out.
How about Mac?
Okay.
You got it, man.
Okay, pal.
All right, see you.
Get out of town.
What the hell was that?
What was that?
Neon, neon, neon, neon.
Oh, that's what that was.
I thought it said something about a big Mac.
Oh, it was a French Canadian black guy with a bow tie that was standing up in McDonald's
on the thing, Hocken, and China about the high prices.
Is that what it was?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Okay, it's for...
Let's do Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Okay.
Boy, they're smoking now.
They're smoking it.
Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear about the Luis Miguel buying a 75?
I just got through reading that like five minutes ago.
Turn on a radio, pal.
Get out of here, you jackass.
Here's... what are we doing?
You're not moving here fast enough for me.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hey, look, I'm doing it.
Okay.
Listen, by the way, I've been to Nashville before on business, and there is no Hocky base there.
There's no human base there.
There's no human base there.
There's nobody there who's alive who's not a red neck and a nose picker.
You know, I just...
There's a lot of good things about the town, but I...
Like what?
Like what?
All the people that like the country music.
Oh, god.
Woohoo!
That's about it.
Other than that, it's nice place to visit,
but you wouldn't want to live there.
I have lived there for a month.
Well, that's enough.
That was more than enough, like four weeks more.
Anyways, I wanted to ask you, can I go back to Saturday or Tuesday night against the flyers?
Yeah.
No one behead what you could almost break away and got pulled down.
Why wasn't that a penalty shot?
You just got through saying it almost a break away.
Almost, okay.
Almost don't...
Almost don't...
Almost don't account in horseshoes and quits.
So you have to have a couple of steps on the defendant.
You have to have like a full step.
You have to be in the clear, and then if they put it out from behind, that's a penalty shot.
Okay.
And lastly, under the hockey player, Rod Brindamore without a doubt.
He knows what his nose must've been.
He's right in the running.
I'll tell you that.
Although I'll search your molemeso, give him a hell of a run for it.
Good point.
Hell of a vacation.
And thanks a lot.
I'm not going on vacation yet, by the way.
I'm just not going to be here tomorrow.
I'll be here Monday.
Don't get all panicky and nervous and psychotic.
Although vacation is soon on the heels of that, like very soon.
But I'm not going on vacation yet.
Okay, it's just a holiday tomorrow.
Everybody else is going to be screwing off tomorrow.
So why the hell should I be here?
I feel won't be here tomorrow.
We got hours and hours.
We got tape up the ass tomorrow, baby.
That machine is going to be like grinding to a halt.
Just like the audience.
We have an open line in Broward 524WY.
Look at those green lines, man.
They couldn't keep it up.
WYOD.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why are you knocking everybody from Palm Beach County?
Because there are morons.
There are morons.
Because they're dead heads.
They just don't move.
They don't get off their ass.
They just sit on their ass and look at the moon.
Why are you saying such things like that?
Because it's the truth.
It's not the truth.
I'm good.
I'm going to talk about it.
Well, what is it?
Let's talk about the Miami Dolphin.
Why is that?
Why not?
Who the hell cares about that?
I know you do.
No, I don't.
It's your favorite subject.
No, it is not.
WYOD.
Yeah, mobile and Elva.
Mobile and what?
Elva.
What is that?
It's a little town.
It's outside of La Belle.
Outside of La Belle?
Yeah.
Are you shot in me or what?
No.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
So how are you doing, buddy?
What can we do for you?
This is Kido's trick.
Kido's trick, Chris.
Yeah?
How's it hanging?
It's hanging right up in there.
And the Kido's trick, too?
Exactly.
Hey, I listened to your show religiously.
It's getting darker by the minute.
Listen to your show religiously.
Right.
And I love listening to you every day.
And bless you, my child.
And in closing?
Yes.
Tony Stepinazzi?
Stepinazzi.
Okay.
Tony is a Stepinazzi.
I love that.
We have an open line in the day.
It's 7519463.
Is that like a Feminazzi?
A Stepinazzi?
A Stepinazzi?
How you doing, Tony?
Well, he's not related to Tony at the parking.
By the way, I met Tony the parking guy's wife the other day at the game.
And she's very nice.
And has a much nicer nose.
Here's Opalaka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I had an idea.
Boy, Nick sure looks good in red, don't he?
Yes.
Lord knows I don't want this to happen.
But if the Panthers go?
It's happening.
Can we get Wayne to settle off Shulis contract as well?
To sell off his contract?
Yeah.
Maybe we can send Shulis a Nashville, how's that sound?
Hey, that sounds even better.
Got another question for you.
He'd be good up there.
He'd be a good old country boy, huh?
He can pick it with the best of them.
Now, they won't like him.
He's too quiet.
Question for you.
Yeah.
I heard, um, Emma Fudd.
There's something I think was, uh, Phil Henry.
Emma Fudd with a rabbit.
No, that was not on Phil Henry.
Was that on you?
Yes.
I like that he was playing Elmer Fudd with a rabbit.
Phil Henry, don't play that stuff.
Was that you?
That was me.
Wow, it was great.
I thought it was Phil Henry there.
That was great.
Can I hear it?
It's one other way to say it was great.
You thought you'd hear a Phil show, but if it was just okay,
you thought you would hear it on the show.
That's what you're saying?
No.
I mean, that sounds like a real backhanded compliment.
It sounds like a fist up my butt is what it sounds like.
No, you can't.
It sounds like you're just sticking in there and twisting it around
and tearing my guts out from the inside.
Hey, you first of all, Phil Henry.
No, you don't.
I'm going to hear that damn rabbit thing.
Yeah, I really do.
Oh, you'll hear it.
Thanks a lot.
See you, pal.
Okay.
Phil says you're a suckle.
We have an open line at day 7519463.
It was really good.
So I think I must have heard on the Phil Henry show, right?
Phil is great, though.
By the way, let me say it again in case anybody missed it earlier.
The fact that Hank Goldberg might, although he doesn't believe it,
he just says it to try to like cover up.
But if he did ever believe that he could compete, I mean,
I'm not talking about numbers, bogus, a few diaries here there.
I'm talking about over the long term or just based on sanity
on rationality, on anybody judging ability and talent and humor
and anything that they're doing on here.
If he really believes that he can compete with Phil Henry,
this man is in La La Land, man.
He couldn't lick Phil Henry's bald spot this guy, this fat slob.
What a joke.
And he's on there talking about, well, I had this number.
Yeah, you got a number, all right, pal.
And I think it's about up.
Here's Opalaka.
Hello.
Are you on it with Opalaka?
Or what?
What are you doing in there?
Are you dealing with my, huh?
They're gone.
They're gone and somebody else called it.
And it's a sweet old lady who wants to send money to center one.
So I'm going to talk to her.
Oh, well, you talked to her while I talked to Lantern on the purple line.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes.
I am so depressed about what?
Oh, about the panther.
Don't say you're depressed because that'll only make him feel better, okay?
Well, I don't want to make your head up high, pal.
Act like a man.
I am a man.
I am a man.
That's why I want my boys around so I can enjoy it.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, I've been walking around with my, I'm telling you.
I'm telling you, your finger up your ass, yeah.
And it's dragging.
Uh-huh.
I thought the press I am.
I'll be damned.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm waiting for the last minute.
Bottom of the ninth.
Two outs.
I'm praying.
I hope that's all right.
I'm rubbing my rosary beads real hard.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
Keep rubbing them.
Okay.
Open line in purple line, 18 T wireless pound IOD.
One on the deadline where a lot of people call and ask George silly questions.
Although that is not a silly question, if you want to buy the best of Rick, the best of Phil Henry, the best of Neil.
The Neil unplugged with that great stun ass on the cover.
And yeah, there is a few cuts on the unplugged that were also on the 93 unplugged, but that's two years ago.
And most people don't have that yet.
So don't be nitpicking.
Okay.
Plus they're worth hearing again anyhow.
You can phone in your order, baby.
And they're whipping them out in the mail real fast.
They do want a sensational job over there at center.
Wonder if we say so ourselves.
Five six one, 0078 is the number five six one 0078.
And you can order them by phone or.
And of course the t-shirts too.
Or you can stop at your borders, books and music and cafe and etc.
Stories in Coral Springs, Aventure and Kendall.
And don't forget Boka and for Lauderdale stories will be opening like almost any minute, almost any second.
And the for Lauderdale story is going to be like right by the Gaila Reo.
We'll have the exact address in the next couple of days like probably Monday or Tuesday.
And we're going to be doing our next appearance.
All of us Rick and Suds Phil and yours truly Saturday, December 2nd.
One to three at the borders in for Lauderdale for their grand opening.
So keep your eye peeled for that.
In the meantime, in our first full week from last Wednesday through yesterday,
$28,111 for center one, which is one phenomenal agree.
I don't think we ever had a first week like that, did we?
Not in the history of the human race.
Did we ever ever start like that?
So thank you so much and keep it up and get your ass on that phone.
From the beginning and still my home of the Miami Dolphin.
10 WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
