Sir Mary Gvdch!
Yes!
Yes!
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610
WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show
To talk with Neil call 751 WIOD in date
524 WIOD in Broward
Outside the 305 area code
It's toll free 1-800-944 WIOD
And say the one customer can call pound IOD at no charge
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD
As whole, as whole
But the that way, hyzing is such an as whole
He held that man-ditch, that creature
He turned
Because he would take a shower with
Hank Olberg as whole
As whole
Each way hyzing is such an as whole
He's just like Hitler
And Abe Abram
What's that? He's pounding on
As whole, as whole
We miss a quintessential as whole
The only thing there is left to say
Is drop test right away
Oh
I think I'm gonna be there
I think that it's now
A girl I'm going to wear
That's gay 25
She's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
Or she don't care
She says that the waiting plant
I cause her distress
Yeah
I don't know how she will fit in her wedding dress
She's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
I'm telling you why you pushed her too wide
She don't even know where she got it
She's gonna have to go on a diet
To the glides
To the glides
She did what she thought
Oh, I know everything that I knew
I believe it is
To drive the opera's slim way
Or see Jenny Craig
Oh, she's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
She's gotta touch her swine
And she don't care
I'm telling you why you pushed her too wide
She don't even know where she got it
She's gonna have to go on a diet
To the glides she did what she thought
Oh, I believe it is
To drive the opera's slim way
Or see Jenny Craig
Oh, she's gotta touch her swine
And she don't even know where she got it
She's gonna have to go on a diet
Oh, she's gonna have to go on a diet
To drive the opera's slim way
Or see Jenny Craig
Oh, she's gonna have to go on a diet
Oh, she's gonna have to go on a diet
To drive the opera's slim way
What?
How do you like that for time?
All right, morning, council
Here's the judge
All right, back on the record in the early釷
Mr. Simpson is again present before the court with his council
Mr. Almond, Mr. Schicuro, Mr. Revlon
Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bailey
People represented by Mr. Clark, Mr. Darden, and Mr. Hutchman
In other words, I don't got it
I don't got it
You have matters to dispose of before we reach our opening statement stage
Uh, council
Yesterday the jurors when they retired
We got the hall
One of the jurors handed the bailiffs a note for the court
And they were just curious
Whether or not the court was gonna allow them to watch the Super Bowl
Because we can, and I've indicated to them that yes they can
And that we would arrange their participation to record it
Only in America, this has got to be the epitome
He hasn't got his tongue wet yet from speaking
Ten seconds out of his push this judge
What are we concerned about?
Here's the biggest, most ballyhooed, most hyped murder trial
In the history of the goddamn human race
And within the first five seconds
What is the judge addressing?
The jury wants to know
Can they watch the Super Bowl this weekend
All right
Does that tell you everything you need to know?
And I wonder, I wonder who's the judge's bet not
Okay crank it up a second
Here's the free here at Deuce Bag
You're old, you're old
You're on the first objection
I thought you were like exposed by the people
Is that this has never been done before
Yeah, and we have located at least two California presidents
They were the ass-bow to the four
The first came in, let's carry this, probably, what, oh the first case of the century
Which was the trial of the Clarence Darrow here in Los Angeles for jury bribery
Even though Mr. Darrow was represented by an innocent girl Rogers
He was allowed to directly participate
What's that thing?
The case with the guy that he met presentation
Rob the opening statement and closing argument to the jury
Yeah, stop mocking her
The second example came in 1972
In the trial of Angela Davis
Dr. Michael Jackson liked to share more than California
In which although she was represented by council
She also was allowed to present
Opening remarks to the jury
Yeah, so it's not a question of proposing something that has never been done before
As to which there is no precedent
Okay, let's get on with it
The second objection raised by the people is that they will be deprived of their right of cross examination
And I think that really misconceives what is being proposed here
All right, first of all, I'll be talking
Okay, now do you want to hear this?
Hello?
Yes
You do want to hear it?
Yeah, for a little bit
Okay, hang on, you want to hear it?
Yeah
Hang on, you want to hear it?
Hello?
Line six
Rowered
They're gone anyway, screw them. You want to hear it?
Hello?
Palm Beach
What is that?
Okay, crank it back up again. We got like two people in front of an opening statement
What we are hoping to like proposing is that Mr. Simpson be allowed to introduce himself to the jurors
To introduce the defense team, the lawyers who are representing him
And to simply reiterate his plea of not guilty
Oh, man
Now of course the prosecution has no opportunity to cross examine a plea
Of course not
And we believe this crack in there would be quite appropriate
Quite inappropriate
For the jury to hear the plea of not guilty and the public justice trial on a motion
Directly bending the lips of the implying jury and brain inducing
This is not really all that remarkable a request
What it really is is the focus, the attention of the jury
Backward, long years and the midst of all of this hoopla
And that is on the defendant who is on trial
To remind them that what's really a stake in this trial is one men freedom
We want them to see who that man is
A lawyer to prevent them from hearing from him very briefly in terms of introducing himself, introducing counsel and reiterating his plea
Yeah
The second part of the motion simply addresses a physical demonstration that is routinely done by the prosecution
As well as the defense to try to best rise and bring out and involve any testimony but simply a preview of evidence that will be presented in the court
Okay, here we go
Regarding certain surgeries that he has undergone as a result of his court
That's what it is, maybe you want to see my knee?
Yes, that is correct
We're going to show him his knee
And have you contemplated the security desires of the sheriff's department that they have their bailiff within close proximity of Mr. Simpson at the time that this is done
And how you would do that in a manner that would not convey a unnecessarily negative message to the jury
Well that was the reason we brought this up in advance, so that it adequate
How about Baldwin Sheen? The preparation could be made to post a run-step on this side of the courtroom if that's necessary
But it simply involves him walking from one side of the courtroom to the other
And unfortunately the logical place to do that is right by the prosecution council there
Okay, here's the rule of the proximate pride as well
We got spots to do judge what kind of play did the lawyer say to the law?
Unfortunately, a small courtroom
Well, if the prosecution wants to just switch sides with us, we'll be glad to move over to this side of the courtroom
But I don't think that they have any concerns about being in proximity of the defendant
Well, I have just had concerns about that as a security concern is all
All right, thank you, come on, Judge
Say something
Judge, say it, do it
Get off the pot already
Say something beside you want to watch the damn Superboy?
Judge, always be per just went off under his row by
I'm informed of wine is often has distressed the issue with the bailiff
There's no problem with the bailiff being in touch
Just passed a memo to the jury and the line is nice and nice
Addresses a jury or this place is neat
Okay, let's go, let's go, the guy who already finished your thing, sit for a second
And then he's going to ask down and let's go
Let's get it wrong, now Marsha Clark's about to get off, she's going to hop your china
Thank you and good morning, your honor
Okay, get rid of this, we'll do this right
And by the time it comes back, maybe the judge is going to finally do something
Something or somebody, 1218 at your OJ station, W-I-O-D
610 W-I-O-D, remind you, friends don't let friends listen to anyone else
I'm going to start on this theme and I'm going to wrap it all year long
Second tight end comes into the game, one running back is Greg Hill
Both white outs are to the left side now, JJ Burton in motion light
First in 10, Kansas City Bono back to pass again, has time
He's throwing deep down to the sideline, it is taking away
Intercepted by Gene Acton's, he's returning up the sideline
Don't get up to the middle, he's to the 40s, to the 45th lateral
He knocks down the official and Troy Vincent is out
Troy, oh my god, the 35th lateral
He's got out
Out, out, out, out
T-O-D
Gene Acton and Troy Vincent combined on the interception return
And I think Gene Acton's maybe hurt
Oh my god, what a sensational play
Yes
Yes
Okay, 1221, let's potter up a little low there
She's basically saying there's plenty of, a little low-wice
Mr. I don't know if we have any of this
Steped on by no district attorney, bitch
She says there's plenty of case law like for example one guy in some case wanted to show his tattoos
To the gerina, said that would be offering testimony
And the same as he wants to show all his knees or his weenie or whatever he wants to show him
That's offering testimony but he don't want to be cross-examined
And she said keep this douchebag, but he wants to if he wants to get out of a standard testify that's fine
And then we'll ask him some really good hard questions that we would like to ask Sam
Turn it on
To have the defendant exhibit his arms to the jury without first being sworn as a witness
That case 35, cal up 3812
This is on the morning in question, I mean this is the end of January 95
The thing happened on June 12th of last year he was playing golf that morning the week before the murders
He completed an exercise video so if he's gonna cry that he's like in such bad shape to stick in bad turn it up
The court was upheld and it was determined that if it was a testimonial
It was if it was being offered a testimonial evidence it was properly refused when the defendant declined to be sworn as a witness and subject himself to cross examination
Yeah
It also ruled that if the offer was a demonstrative one then the trial court was justified in rejecting it on the basis that it was irrelevant
As I've indicated to the court yesterday his arm was being offered on May 7th
And I want to judge starts opening up his post then we'll get you know his arm down off off position shut up bitch
Okay, let's go to a sunrise hello
Yes, how do you like it so far?
So far it's pretty pathetic. Yeah, I got a kidding perspective everyone no one's called in today
You can tell you about Eric. I said to call it again. That's good
Still suck. I listen to get she still sucks. It's so pathetic. Yeah
But the thing is what she does have one help of a sense of humor
She is a tremendous but in fact, she was the inspiration for that song we just play talk us to wide. What about the one before we are love
But what is it? Yeah, that was it
The thing is and someone mentioned a couple days ago is that if she didn't get that we should we you guys should do a test
She didn't get any close like 15 minutes and see what happens. Yeah, because it's just a question
We should disconnect the passion lines is what we ought to do that would fix her ass pretty good
Let me see what she does watch her fake her way through like I'm gonna do for the next 172 days here 172 days
Oh my god
This is like a death sentence he's gonna get off and we're the ones that are getting punished out of you like that
That's America for you
Okay, then the hockey to do you into the game by say yes, sir you bet
How could they lose how could they lose it was easy. It's called no defense
From the brain stuff. I was sitting actually pretty close to the brain step. Were you really he was right next to the other
Bernie Kosar and Ivan Lindel with a bad team
If you say earlier Bernie always have a kind of like cheesy
But most work on the same. Yeah, I always very happy. Yeah
Yeah, too bad he's stay well
He's when he threw a side-side like I guess you're happy a lot, but it was embarrassing when he he turned right
He turned right to high Zanga who at least whether you like him or not is a man with a few bucks in the owns the teams and everything and
Bernie turns right to Zanga and says
And Wayne turned red as a beat it was beautiful
Okay
Potted up judges sitting there with his finger up his nose. He's picking a winner
Oh, no, he's really reading the racing for oh, now don't don't analyze it get this guy off this douchebag
Judges like I'm for this
The judges the check-in-out case lawyer's got a couple of
And at one there and goes on
The holding 1348 nine give the fast-led exposition 1350 kiss the ruling. Yeah
And oh
And I don't know. Don't do this. What is it the OJ Simpson trial air
CNN is putting a slide up on this thing
What the hell is that and they're going to a commercial break okay kill it
So he must be gonna analyze this thing now for a couple of minutes because you know that when they go to commercial break
It's like in a football game when they take an official timeout. It's a TV timeout
So even in this trial not to say that the media is orchestrating this at all of course
But when they come back from the commercial they gave him the signal
They flashed into the little red light goes on in the courtroom like during the hockey game and as soon as the light goes off
Well, I've decided to take a good dump and I'll come back here South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm still dying over here
So how do you like it so far?
They're gonna let him watch the Super Bowl this weekend and of course you notice how the sports people have made the OJ thing into a sports story
So I wouldn't be at all surprised that they sneak a few things in here and
They're gonna bring back the old OJ commercial and run it to the airport
Make Donald's emblems on that I believe it
This and I got one thing to say about this about the seven-score foreigners and all of the on neon fans and all the people who want to neon neon down here for the for the dolphins
Yeah, I have one thing to say yeah
First thing goal on the five yard line with six minutes left to go cowboys down by 10. Yeah, they're not gonna win
There's no way San Francisco to change but with the official stand five feet in front of them
They don't have a fly because he's neon down. Hey, no penalty cowboys lose
They got the rest of the cowboys got the rest kick cut the crack. Hey, hey, all right. They got their ass
I gotta pretend you're on the jury rice and Taylor and those guys they they just turn them apart like
Like a monster watch they were on Troy ackman like stick on Wayne man like stick on the brainstem
I don't know it next year. I mentioned the brainstem dusting too when you think about it, you know nasty
Yes, in there. It's covered with all that blow wow. We know why it's middle of lunch hour
Listen, I got a birthday wish going out of here. Yeah, okay my dad's listening and he's turned 51 years old today 51 almost is old a far design
Happy birthday, Bob. I hope your prostate's okay. I've a birthday Chico and if you could play use of the the bridge tender or
Or or parliament lights because he loads of his two favorite cards parliament light though. That's the convenience store
That's a huge you know, that's on CD
Oh, okay, we all get that because the bridge tenders worn out he needs a long rest. He's got him. He's got him for Seema real bad
He's listening all day. Oh, and the godfather's series is the best movie's ever made absolutely that are loyal fans of you and them your a man of great taste
Take care have a great one. You do the happy birthday Chico
So a language lab part. Oh, and I gotta go in a here and get it see I'm a little I'm kind of like laying back because we're
This is gonna be a very interesting thing we're out of finesse our way through this and of course our programming department is
Staying out of this which is probably just as well. Let's see disc 645 because you know ordinarily we'd say well
You know the people are want to watch and listen et cetera. They're gonna be gone
Well, we can't accept that because if we accept that we're gonna be out of business for six months now the people listen to the coast
And how will oh five they be gone okay because they're all on the oh Jay
But as far as work concerned we can like mix and match we can like you know through a couple of bits in there
Let the judge take a little dump every once in a while and it'll fit in perfect
And I bet you this will fit in perfect too between now when he comes back and says keep his ass away from the jury
Bang which tape number six the convenience store
Follow along and repeat
Convenience store manager
Hello, may I be to help you go please?
Repeat hello, may I be to help you go please customer
Yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights
Convenience store manager
You want a parliament light?
Repeat you want a parliament light customer yes, I would like a pack of Parliament lights
Convenience store manager
Disapparlement light repeat is this a parliament light at this one parliament?
Customer no neither one of those is the Parliament light
Wait, no easy
No, it's not that one you want a parliamentary yes, I want the Parliament lights, please
No the part the parliament light
No, can't you see it's up
We had it's a part of a lot now turn this tape over for language tape number seven
ordering Chinese food over the phone okay, so the judges just made a ruling you said I don't
1229 a W I O D 16 W I O D listen longer and you'll get an attitude too
So judge Edo is just ruled that OJ do not going to be arrested jury he has denied permission
But he will allow him to show his knees and his scars on his knees and his old football injuries
Etc. Runs so on and sign autographs for everybody
But
So he cannot address the jury but it can show him his knees and maybe like a few other good parts
Okay, here's a jensen b chillow hey nil yes, hey, oh, they should be wearing those knee pads or something
I wouldn't be surprised when he yanks up his trousers. He's wearing them
Yeah, listen, what if they're gonna let him autograph his jockstrap to the ovc you
Epi nice um, I just want to talk about these green lines. I'm appearing martin county
Yeah, we can't even get the station at night really it doesn't even remotely come in at night
Well, I try you can't get iod either or night whatever station she's on in Orlando
You most definitely cannot get a night and of course tap a forget it. So what is that all about?
I had heard her in Orlando a while back, but I
Iod about right at the end of the field show almost you know it's borderline well it sundown
Yeah, it changes every month as it gets later in the summer. It's later on, you know
So how do you need more 800 lines?
For Orlando and Tampa and Aaron
She's the starner she hasn't she hasn't had one rating period she hasn't had one anything and she's the superstar now
Everything is catered to this bit. I mean to her
The whole phone setup we've been here some of us for a hundred years and this broad comes in because she's got a great ass and
Pats the pd on a ass if she can still find it all of a sudden she's got 85 personal phone lines now
Unreal. How do you like that?
Unreal not that I begrudge or anything. I hope she gets a 20 share because it'll help the rest of us
But in the meantime we'd like a couple of phone lines is somewhere, you know
Yeah, now that they took away our damn bell sound line really bastards
But I was watching the game last night at martin county and we were four to three
I thought you were some kind of guru or something. Yeah, I said four three and then all of a sudden Wayne said oh that's a score that
Faggot predicted we better give up a couple of goals exactly right anyway. All right, Neil have a great day, pali see you
So what was the final verdict? I guess we didn't get a verdict from him or from OJ about the Aaron show
We don't want to get into that again. Do we we do we have an open line in day at 751
WIOD if you're worried that you're missing something right now you may think it's really heavy duty, but it's not
OJ just blew his nose he said his news
He says here's some good news
So anyway
Uh-huh
So his one of the five hundred attorneys for OJ now one of the brothers is up there and they're like presenting um
exhibits
Art exhibits and football exhibits. Here's the NFL trophy the most valuable player trove no not that kind
But they got the exhibits not their argument about that and about one in the p.m
Which is about a half hour from now they're getting ready for opening statements whenever they get done
Dittling around with these stupid exhibits
But in the meantime the only important thing that you thought you were gonna miss is the judge says
OJ cannot address the jury cut the crap and stop for the grandsteading
But if you want to show him your knees and your scars and any other body parts that might be attractive or stimulating
No problem. I'd like to look to is what he said
Because I'm a big fan. He did he said I'm a big fan and can I get your autograph mr. OJ
Please here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. You may. Isn't this a joke?
Neil. It's a psychus. You know what you can say
Holy bull holy bull is right remember that yes, I do. Oh, it was only two days ago. I can remember that
Oh wonderful
Uh, I wish I was there, but anyway. No, I'm not I'm not into that. I'm into what holy bull
No, I mean
OJ
Yeah, you are come on come on you're hanging on every description now
Neil you must admit I'm spicing it up a lot better than they are on CNN. You know what I have it on mute
Yeah, and listening to you same as I do I got my TV on and I'm mute and a boy
Okay, sweetheart. Take care. Okay. Bye. See ya. See that's what everybody in time's gonna do. They have it on mute
Muted there we go and they'll listen to us and we'll just do the
And of course when Phil is on it's really going to be good because Phil
Uh, they're not going to know whether it's the judge speaking or OJ or Steve Ornell or Margaret or
Marsha Clark or Clark Kent or who the hell are lowest lane
1236 it. I'm sorry to do it again so soon, but you got to solve backed up by screwing up the hour George
1236 w ojd
10 w i o d just like a thing for not puppy. He's a national death and that's hairy thing in the back of your refrigerator
We're getting bigger all the time. Oh my god. Let's strap OJ in a comfy chair and give him the gas somewhere's in cal
490
Yes, let's do it today
Oi
Anita Brian's gonna have the job of twisting the knobs that gives the
Choose that special gas. Oh my god. He's a pain in my ass
I don't give a crap about the chase scene or the 20,000 special reports
The only thing I'm interested in is whether or not he soils his shorts
Oh, let's wrap OJ in a comfy chair and give him the gas somewhere's in cal
490
Let's do it today
So anyway, they're doing the thing with the exhibits and they get to the very first one to show you how long this trial is gonna
Take and the first one is some videotapes they got and I have no idea what's on them
And they got one that they just handed to the prosecution this morning. This of course is the defense
And I think this one is called OJ scores five against uh Notre Dame for USC
The only problem is and of course she though nothing about football and the deal is it was earning Davis
Who scored five touchdowns for no for USC against Notre Dame not OJ and now the judge says well don't you think we ought to watch
At least the first five or ten minutes of this
Because he really put on some great moves and broke a couple of tackles and she's standing there like well
You know how long are you gonna drag the sun douchebag why don't you go back to Japan where you came from
And then she said something else about his ancestry and about his first wife and how she was beaten and abused or whether
Or was it his wife's first husband that's what it was right
Something about gook. Here's the pember pines on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil great first time caller all right
Uh listen, a funny story
I was uh in a local clothing chain. Yeah, I went there to get a suit
Yeah, you know, she always laughs at the wrong time
Okay, well long story short. I'm yeah
I'm a little bigger on the top than the bottom. They always have to measure my pants
You're a little bigger on the top than on the bottom. Okay, in other words the head on the top is bigger. Okay
Well, there's always taken in my pants at the bottom anyway. It's time it turns out it's a
woman there who is doing the measurements everything really
Yeah, a woman is measuring your inseam
Well, yeah, well, and when while she's doing it she was uh
Touching it here and there. Oh my god. I'm sure it was all accidental. Yeah, right
But anyway, right. All right. What about a half an hour? It excited me a little bit. We're gonna get the cleaning bill now
Yeah, yeah, excited me a little bit. So uh
Anyway
A little bit a lot
He starts to talk about
I'm wearing my
She's to tell me I'm wearing my body
To the right which normally it falls to the left
You're wearing your body to the right
Yes, it is so hard. Yeah
So anyway, she's proceeded to tell me about how the pants are made
bigger on the left leg than the right because most men wear their body to the left
Well, what a crock that is. Uh-uh. They wear their body to the left most men
It
Falls to the left. Anyway, it's so big they have to make a bigger pant leg for it
Oh, give me a break and I've heard some wild pills
What? That's true. It's true. What tailors measure you they ask you if you're left to a right drape if they're a good tailor
They don't ask me that
They say where do you put that button mushroom?
You got to be kidding me a left to a right drape now this college intended to make all of us feel inferior is what this is
Anyway, I want to congratulate you. So no, it's Peter North was hanging south. Is that what you're saying?
I'm gonna congratulate you on your numbers yesterday. They were great
especially your 10 to 11 which I always
Switched you from Howard right thank God and
What's uh, like you know you're always complaining you don't get paid enough
I think you need to mention to your superiors there that
Howard, I mean look how many people they have on the payroll for Howard in there
They have like five people to help them out whenever he runs out of it
A lot better with the activate George so damn much that kind of drags me down a little bit
So honey about that caller earlier about the
About the events why people are later in south florida. Yeah, I think it's pretty obvious
It's the area we live in my sister married into a human family and their late
To everything. Oh, yeah, our late to every it's Cuban time right? So exactly. So that's why in south florida
You have all these people arriving late even the Jews do that Cuban time
Have a great day pali
Okay, see a open line on the purple line at cellular one pound iod
We're keeping you drift CNN is in a commercial break right now. This is gonna be heavy duty
I should be getting paid extra we should both begin paid a lot extra for as long as this trial goes on
Because Mark Ferman and the gloves it indicates plural at no time how do you like that?
So testifying the chart is misleading
We're giving you nothing to see them. No giving it
There busy running spots people object
To that to the use of the plural
That never occurred
See pluralism is that in the merc of entire definitely that are warrant
Search warrant and circumstances of the search
Yeah
I
Relevant to the trial before the trial of fact that is a legal issue that the court rules upon
That is improper to raise
You know opening statements let alone in trial or did you
I was further um mentioned to the court. I thought the court ruled that Mark Ferman could not be mentioned in opening statement
correct
The people object on that basis as well
All right, I won't happen. They just cut out they just died
Oh
Well, I think Ted Turner got pissed off because CNN cut away the commercial break and he doesn't want AP radio or CBS
Radio the other network see now you're telling me that the young and the horny is on
That CBS is running soap, but I have a feeling that when the opening arguments started one o'clock
What's gonna happen to Nick are they're gonna slice him right off in the middle that would be bad and painful
What what's gonna happen there? I can't be wasting my time with the young and the horny although now I can tape it again
Now that I know they're feeding it and this is very very confusing
So for the eight people out there who don't have cable at all we're doing one heavy duty service
1246 at W.I.O.D
16 W I O D more gas than X on
1250 at W I D you can say that again
Here's Sharon Mahoney and Puerto Rico will I'll be damned hi Neil what's going on Sharon?
Oh god you wouldn't believe all the crazy things are going on yeah like well of now for something completely different
My brother-in-law is making his debut at the Metropolitan Opera. Well, isn't that great another Pavrote?
Yeah, he was barassorta though his name is what another mouthful barassorta barassorta
Barassorta or barassorta yeah if you're you know timey less
Listen Neil what is this more gas than X on
So what's up Sharon?
Well, I have I have another child
Yeah, I'm the mother of a baby making machine by the way. She has 87 children since she left us about four or five years ago here at W I O D
You know how glad they are I left before I started having them
And we have about 72 people who've replaced her in that orifice by the way they're about the 85 90 people who've
Followed near footsteps. Well when I called this morning. I called the newsroom and I was like well
Who who is there that I know it turned out no one's there that I still know there's nobody here that I know currently either by the way
Well, but you're lucky then yeah, it's just all a blur is it I just come rushing in and Russian out
I have I have some friends of mine that are big fans of you that she sent me a tape when she called you
They live in the Bahamas. Mm-hmm. So I'll say hi Stephanie. I know she's listening in the Bahamas, um, man
Yeah, that grade so I have a house now. I'm not on the boat anymore the boat got too small
Now let's see you're not with Terry the pirate anymore
Oh, yeah, sure sure now the pirate oh really? Yeah, it's Miguel the pirate though. Mickey Luis Miguel the pirate
No, not Luis Miguel. Oh, what a shame. That would have been a good in
So anyway, uh, the Metropolitan Opera House February 7th. Was that a shameless plug? Yeah, oh, I've never done it before
What's his name? Luciano LaSorta?
If you wish his name is Antonio Barasorta. Barasorta. Yes
Is James Michael? Yeah, and he came out looking very Irish
And so I named him well my daughter is
Opera singer. Well, what is he some kind of a faggot or something sure? Well, uh, I don't think so I think he's like kind of uh, he likes the ladies
Yeah, which is you know, he wants to dress up for something unusual and different Neil wants to dress up like ladies
Well, he's actually gonna be dressing up as a clown. Uh-huh. Oh, well, I said she's it for me. Yeah, okay. Yeah, Pallacci, you know, great
I got you
Well, it's Sharon. It's a really great talk to you, but you know, I know you got a go-neel. Hi, Marciza. We got the OJ business going on here
Not that you're not important to us, but you know, OJ. Yes, well, we're all around his ass
Fight on fight the good fight Neil. Okay, Sharon take care of yourself. Bye. Nice hearing you. Bye. Bye
But once you started singing that I couldn't handle it
Okay, we have an open line in dates 751 purple line
Well, we got the not too many open lines people are hanging on here just so they can hear it on the damn phone
Oh, here's the defense tape now. What is this?
This is OJ
Climb in the fair
What is that?
It's a defense tape of uh somebody going oh, that's the crime scene
Yeah
The show and watch cost botched the investigation
They're trying to show you a lot of stuff. There's filling coffee on one of the corpses and tripping over the body
So what's wrong with that? What's the lot? What's their dead you think where there's no sense. There's no feeling
Although that caffeine might have said in and started decomposition a little bit too soon
Spilled coffee on one of the body. What do you expect from the LAPD a little like a good job?
Hey, I think if they came close, I think they know that's good enough
Are you if you've got the audio off for something? Why?
They're watching the video. This is not an audio presentation Mr
I thought maybe they would make sound effects or something
Well, wait a minute
That's a judge man
He had the three Wendy's double cheese for lunch and he is really regretting it now
You notice how he's like squeezed his cheeks are squeezed together real tight on a see that's bad when you're caught in fact when I
What
What are you looking at?
What are you getting excited about I was coughing. Oh, I'll turn that down a minute
When I was uh when I left WNWS and they tried to sue to keep me from going over to INZ
I was in limbo for about two or three months this is years ago and then we had to go to court and of course my good friend judge riftkin
formerly
Cheryl's husband. Oh the judge the judge. He's a good friend of mine. He's a hundred eighty years old
But anyway, he was the judge and we came my turn to testify on this thing
I get up there in the course, uh, you know, you're sitting there for a long time in court and all of a sudden I had a pee
I mean real
Real bad how I got through that thing on the witness stand all the while I'm sitting there and well
Did your contracts say this and did Don Corleone say that and did Dave writer or ever steal a freight train at INZ and man
When I got through with that testimony I flew out of that courtroom down the hall and of course in these court houses trying to find a
Turlott man is unbelievable. Oh, well, that's on the third floor take the elevator the one that stuck over here
I run down the stairs and go and
Tip the judge 85 bucks. He might give you a secret pass key to the judge's turlott. It was brutal
So judge Edo has got some bad gas
And they're watching the videotape of the crime scene trying to prove how the the
Acousticution botched it all up and the LA cops are incompetent
We don't need a trial to prove that to us. We already know that just bring out the man in this brother. They'll tell you
Oh, and now speaking of that you notice on the Susan Smith thing where they're going with that she was molested
She was when she was 17 years old. That's the new deal. What a concept. She was molested
See, I want to say something that may be very revolutionary to you
Okay, but the fact that somebody was molested a years ago or six months ago
Don't kind of excuse in my mind the fact that she had enough common sense and enough wits about her to go and fall in love and get married
And the hop in a sack a whole bunch of times and make a couple of babies and raise them until they were old enough to drown
And then take them out in the car and the drown them. Okay, she was molested
She's so misunderstood like my mother says she feels sorry for the poor little thing
Here's a Tamarack hello
Not gonna understand it because I feel sorry for my poor little thing hello Tamarack gone
Somebody's on there
Somebody's
Kind of one of our lines I think they're gone open line and Broward 524 w. I. O. D
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Yeah, how's it going great? I went and visited yet the peaches the other day
Right and got a little autographs in the thing. Yeah, and
Went to the panthers game last night. You're sure getting around ban. Yeah, it's
Yeah, it was
depressing what the game were coming to peaches
No, the game. Yeah, yeah, it was depressing
It's I mean, you know, we didn't expect to be Pittsburgh in the first place
But then as long as you got a tubo lead twice in the game and it looks like the Beasers playing on conscious
Why not just go ahead and win the dance? I don't think they thought they were gonna win. Yeah, so did I
But you know, but then once it got to be four four I'm thinking oh boy. This is gonna be bad, eh?
It's gonna be a blow. Well, you know, I think the reason why nobody showed up is because I think they were given my free heat tickets
Yeah, that would keep me away. Yeah, exactly
I got a card for you. Okay, Greg
Okay, this Greg man he has created quite a cult following and hopefully they'll
encircle him and keeping the hell away from us
We have an open line on the blue line and Broward one on the green passion line and on the purple line now the purple line should definitely be on there
Sell you to one all they don't want to get on the phone because they can't hear it as well over the phone as they can't all right now
Marsha Clark is saying something here
Like tell the defense how to try their case the people are asking this court only to make sure that the jury is not misled
So that they get the truth so that they understand what the evidence really is not spin and not just don't ask and not have truth
He says talk about a problem with videos such as this one
Is that no way of knowing when it was shot and the inference that the defense seeks to draw from it may be completely false
In which case the jury begins the case with a total misconception about the conditions under which the evidence was collected
And that is a very damaging thing and that's why the defense of course seeks to do it. I understand okay, but
You're not the appropriate kill it the jury just boy. You're like talking with a little Jennifer there. I mean, what is it?
All Jennifer said was spread them and say cheese. Yeah, got my attention. Yeah, but it did so anyway. What's Marsha just saying now
potta that is again totally missed down
I got an ebs going on here
Well now what's okay see
They're dropping new three weapons at home today and this guy's worried about that when we got the guy to emoji throughout
We've been waiting for since the middle of June that's six. This is seven and a half months
We've been waiting for this trial and you're worried about the fact that they're having like a nuclear spill a three mile island or something like that
I still haven't recovered from Jennifer testing her teas out on me
Spread them and say cheese rhymes with teas
So anyway that the center one total is a hundred thousand seven eighty three
Got another week to go to go up into peaches and get your best stuff
And you can call capture glory and thanks again a time to me go for doing a far better than we deserve job
This man worked his brains out on the center one project
He's a hell of a guy. He can't occasionally be a real pain in the ass because he's a perfectionist
He don't understand. He's working with W. I. O. D. We're imperfections our mental name
But anyway, thanks Tom thanks to national telecommunications who donated that tool for you to lie and they like us
1 800 610
60 285 order a bunch of stuff and you're lucky
W a
Why any
Use target entertainment radio
610 W I. O. D. Presents the Neil Roger show
To talk with Neil call 751 W I. O. D. And date 524 W I. O. D. and Broward
Outside the 305 area code. It's toll free 1 800 944 W I. O. D. And say you know one customer is can call pound I. O. D.
No charge now the Neil Roger show a news talking entertainment radio
610 W I. O. D. And so on to two hour
It's worse than this go
Worst that achy breaky fever to
This is LA air mean
If I gotta hear the steeper little song and I die
But it's all next to me I'm in the way
The slack is chill growing nothing
This song is sure of me one I'm sure it's catchy as gotta be making money
But it's
But Chris bit of me and I wonder if I hear it every day the rest of my whole life
When a snappy DJ and drowseth song
I'm dangerous in coastal radio speaker
But I turn off quick with a scowbar
All I want to do is trash this song
I got feeling I'm not the only one what I want to do is load my gun
Give me that CD I put some holy one is no longer new it's overdone
It gives me a headache and I'm not the only one all I want to do is like this too
And when this song comes on with this stereo right out of my
Oh
And if my home is one with my hair I don't think
Spread them and say cheese
107 at W.O.D. In case you think you're missing anything real exciting if you're in your car
If you're in your office if you can't get near a TV if you're getting all bent out of shape because you're
Part of the 99 and 9 tens of 100 percent that are absolutely obsessed with at least the opening statements and opening up the whole
Cana worms then getting in there with your forking knife and eating them
They're not doing nothing. They're like arguing now. They're debating heavily back and forth and up and down and in and out
What can be said and what can't be said in the opening arguments instead of just starting out and saying what the opening
Are while you can't say this you can't talk about Mark Furman you can't talk about that
And then Johnny Cochran got so exasperated he blurted out. Okay. If there's anybody we got the evidence in our side
If there's anybody in this courtroom believes that the juice done it raise your hand right now
And O.J.'s hand pop right up in the air
And all the five attorneys gave him a dirty look at O.J. say oh man. Well, he slipped
Let's go to Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes
Yes, I am the Roger. See how are you? When is this Gerardo? When is Tadam days? When is Tadam? It's gonna about Gerardo. How's Gerardo doing? Everything okay? Who's Gerardo doing?
I can hear you. Well, I'm in the car from Priapasta. You're what?
Gerardo from Priapasta. Priapasta. What is that?
And in the restaurant makes a little homemade pasta that I have a new pasta that I want you to try tomorrow
And I want to send it over very healthy. What is it? It's an annuality with
Only vegetables inside and outside fresh tomato base. It's just a little garlic. It's fantastic. Joe peshy is inside
Because he Joe peshy made it
I'll be damned. He's me. I said I hope he was careful
No, where is this place?
This place is on 414-74-3. Priapasta, he's been here before. Oh, I premium pasta. I'll find it in the memory
They brought us all at seafood that time that I don't eat seafood and that because whoever got us in touch with it
Who was that that got us in touch with them and screwed us all up? Yes, you don't need to
Huh, you don't need seafood. You like no, I'm not a seafood man. I'm telling you it's uh, you know
I see it I eat it
First tomato base. You'll there you go sounds magnifico
The omitted tomorrow for lunch. What time tomorrow for lunch would be better left by 11 30 11 30. I'll be there like
Nothing last time. I'm not gonna let the bridge stop me beautiful. All right
Well, and I stopped it. Multiband
I listen to how your picture right in the front of the restaurant you have to come see it probably chasing everybody out
When they see that they probably all run out
Yeah, we got we got right in the front of the restaurant beautiful. I'll see you tomorrow
I said tomorrow. It's already now. It's already there
And show
Okay, we have an open line in date seven five one and one on the green line there ain't nothing going on
If you even got this geek on CNN who's sitting in there like filling in the gap now they're going to a commercial break
Does that tell you how bad it is? They're going to a commercial break
All will I be starting the I don't want to fill the get-up set but I have a feeling that the opening arguments could be like right about
205 are you positive?
Here's the lady in the south Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing pretty good? The young of the hornies on today too. I know isn't that amazing and I haven't been sitting my
Tape at night because I'm assuming it was going to be preempted this week and am I missing anything good?
And now right now it's field hagg and
And if you're in the knees crowd as soon as they were again today
The old hag and now it's a victor and yeah, nothing good. No good. Thank God. Nothing good
I guess I knew it was a day week regardless
Hey, I went to the hot game last night. It was my first one. Yeah, very exciting
It was exciting. You got to say that it was very into it
But you know we were talking about the blockbuster Disney influence on everything
Do you know that it's on the scoreboard when you know, and they want you to clap your hands? Yeah, Mickey Mouse hands
Oh, that's right. Isn't that Mickey Mouse hands and the bitty Davis eyes? Yeah, it's right now. Oh wait wait
Mickey Sharon they're talking oh wait, I'm a nicking Sharon around. Well, I'm not gonna flip over to I can flip it real quick here. Wait a second
Oh boy looking pretty good today guys both of them
Right yeah, yeah got that hair straightened out Nick. That's nice. She right her fingers through it and the hair too
If they want to go out they're gonna go out and to hell with that mat and who's gonna murder him and
So you want my prediction? What's your prediction that he's gonna fight out about the rape and it's gonna
But Matt's gonna get murdered and it's gonna turn out they think it's him and then they'll think it's
Who else could it be but it's gonna turn out to be her mother the old lady and the wheelchair right?
She's gonna roll over in the wheelchair. She's gonna roll over in a grave and she's gonna kill Matt's ass
I'm telling you right now
Somebody's gonna shoot him and first it'll be Nick. They suspect and they'll suspect Victor and they'll suspect everybody in their brother-in-law
And of course they'll suspect Sharon, but it comes to find out in the end. I believe it's gonna be the old bag
Wow, who's getting younger by the minute you notice? Yeah, I haven't had a site boy
I wish we could get whatever pill she took that got her her hair went from great a dark black and
And she go like lost he lost 20 years, but she gained 50 pounds
So it's kind of a trade-off right you can't have everything. Oh, she's going into closet and there's the oh no, I already saw this one
This is the one where he makes her put the code on this is the one that I taped last Thursday
So would they are behind see because this is already Tuesday already saw this and she puts the code on that he bought her
And she says well button it up and I want to see how it looks in there. Here you go. So I already saw it
Ah nothing nothing to exciting
Nothing to excited but they're gonna go out to some restaurant and then
Nookie and Victor get all upset and Victor's gonna go out there because he's finds out where they're going and probably this is when
Matt's gonna get he's gonna get off
Cool be off. Yeah, I'm not into that Matt guy. Huh? I'm not into Matt. No, not at all too much makeup too much heavy pancake makeup bad attitude
Yeah, kind of like Ryan is lipstick right
Yeah, they find it got they find it got Nick's lipstick straight. No, yeah
I noticed that today he looks normal
Find today
Ryan was too pink the other day did you think yeah that wedding that never happened in the hospital?
Yeah, you know Ryan's lipstick was way too pink. Yeah, not too many just yeah Ryan finally shaved off that smut's though
He's at least moving in the right direction
If he just dumps that knee and now he'll be all right
Listen have a great day. Yeah, everything. You know, thanks for alerting us. All right. See you. Bye. Bye
We have an open line in Broward 524 and one of those passion lines is open now
If you'd like to comment on the year and summer show from Orlando or Tampa, we'd sure like to have your comment not at
1-800-944-9463 how did she do in the book by oh she wasn't here?
Well, how come she's got 72 phone lines now she wasn't even here. She's got 28 Orlando lines
63 Tampa lines 175 local lines all on it now. Let me ask you a stupid question
Do you remember back before when we first got co-hosted and going on as you went in Tampa, George?
And we had a 800 line or a couple of 800 lines that flipped over and it could also be date or Broward lines whatever that was
We had one 800 line, but they made the concession because we complained yeah about letting the 800 line roll over into the date and or Broward lines
Well, why can't we do that with this line seven?
That was a temporary measure until they could put in more 800 lines which they did and that's why we have all these lines now
So when Aaron showed up no, no just the system and line seven used to be the Bellsoft mobility line before those douchebags took out our line because they like censorship
But why is it that since that used to be a line that we can use meaning we all of us it is that rolls over from our regular 800 line
It goes from 8 to 7. I understand that you're not leasing man
What I'm saying is why can't that be both like the other lines were why can't line 8 be that
An 800 number that also rolls over when it's not being dialed 800 to a deadline or Broward line
Oh, what a concept huh there. We go starting up trouble again
Okay, wait a minute put it up the second because there's a not all pot enough
They just showed the wall in there the judge just ordered out for more cheeseburgers. Oh, you ordered out this time from jacket a body
Okay, that should be good
115 at W I O D
Hi, this is Phil Henry and while we're all getting set for Super Bowl 29 featuring our own Miami dolphins in the San Francisco 49ers
I hope you remember listen to the Phil Henry show Monday through Friday two to six remember go dolphins against the 49ers and Super Bowl 29
I'm looking forward to it
W I O D
We're dry sexual we'll try anything. Hey enough with the pamper's already
When the hell lose a baseball season begin anyway, huh?
With comedian Ken Severa Ken, thank you last time you were on Harry Carey was still alive
Oh wait a second he is still alive
You could have fooled me man
I'm doing Harry karaoke in my act now Harry karaoke. Yeah, well you have to assume that at some point
Harry's gonna get sick of singing take me out to the ballgame
So he'll probably bust into something by Zeppelin
I'm almost out the way oh moe gonna my girl's what gonna my girl
Everybody
People are wriggly are just stunned
If you want my body and you think I'm sexy
Everybody walks up dinosaur boom boom I can like a like a boom
My name is Luca
Oh no
Harry snapping
He's snapping
Well they have baseball and Florida knowledge I think yeah
I must be fun watching 90 year old people doing the wave
In the event of a rally oxygen master popping from the upper
Opening day somebody throws out the first hip
hahaha
Lines to the restrooms would be real short though thanks to depends
It would be like the only stadium in the country where the lights are connected to the clapper
Somebody hits over and it looked like disco night at a strider convention
Okay 120 at WIOD this thing in the people magazine thank god that Victor didn't bring lesan thank goodness
Brad Pitt the sexiest man alive they do this now at least they picked a guy that if they would clean him up and to give me her cut
He used to look pretty good back when I discovered him before they made him ugly the same with Johnny Depp
But if he's the sexiest man alive then I think everybody's giving it up for a forum
sexiest man alive my ass isn't that ridiculous
sexiest man alive Brad Pitt
And just at the time when they made him really grow test can he's in all those stupid movies with Tom Cruise
What if they're doing it
So anyway, we got some naked bitch on air is getting their body wrapped up on CNN real tight and plastic
Which is kind of interesting, but in the meantime you notice they're doing like a long long long commercial break in anticipation
Well, we better do one here too. Didn't we just do one?
Well, we better do another one. I'm taunia. How long do you think those opening arguments are gonna go on mister?
Forever
Hours hours in fact, I would assume that the now who starts the prosecution starts
So there's a last let's see it's 10 20 and more until like lunch time which they'll probably have to take a late lunch and it does gonna last all day
Uh-oh
Here's another promo when they ever get back with it stop with a promo stop with a spot so I can coordinate my thing here
So we don't have to get our news department psychotic. We want to be first
We want to be right on top of it and we want you to know that we had some crap
I'll CNN was in commercial not this break, but the previous one we had marshal saying a few things like like that
Which they did not have so how to lose you for us, but here's this butt plug again from CNN's puts
The defense request got it sounds like they got his things in a vice don't it man
Driving me nuts
During Johnny Coffin's opening statement
We heard OJ Simpson's defense attorney Gerald Juleman make the argument to the judge now
And I see this is okay. We'll do our break because they're rehashing recap and right now
And I'm telling you to order they're eating those E. coli burgers from jack in the box
122 at w i o d
Yeah, no w i o d
Finally an a m station that doesn't suck
Sometimes I feel myself
Oh
The
Senator
We're all dumb men
Love the dumb men
We're all dumb men
Love the dumb men
Boy
If you don't countress, we run the show
We're great and won'ts
We just say no
Good by welfare
Don't try to fight
We'll make white water
Or build some ass
We're right in hand
No more status quo
We're just hams
And also sunny above
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
We're all dumb men
We take the chance
of the dumb men
Love it's taking all years
of honor, romance
We have a contract for our government
of the dumb men
Let's look for new homes
127 and WID
Speaking of Brad Pitt, the sexiest man alive
according to the people at People magazine
and of course Ray Charles is the editor of that publication
Aaron Somers tonight, that's going to be the poll question
P-O-L-E
on passion bombs
And the question is going to be quick
Now we have to clean it up on the show
How does she use that language that we can't use during the daytime
What?
Because she's got a great ass
No, the question is going to be for all the ladies in the audience
Would you bury your
Hooter for Brad Pitt
Well she's not going to say Hooter
It rhymes with Pitt
Here's a lady in Volca
Hello
Yes ma'am
I don't know if everybody's watching the same game I was
But I hear everybody the whole entire time
And on your show this morning
Everybody making fun of
And Taren and Joe Cyrill up for it
That's right, and deservedly so he sucks
Not as bad as Keith Brown said
Well you're right, he was pathetic too
But I see Joe as a class
He doesn't realize that he's allowed to touch the puck when he's out on the ice
No he's not, it's in his contract
I guess so, that must be what it is
Right
And Cyrill wasn't out there for two of those goals
Yeah
But Keith Brown was out there all the time
So Cyrill was stuck to join out, he was terrible
He lit in both goals on the islander game on Saturday
He was out there and yesterday he couldn't be too close to the goal
Because he kept falling down every time he was down the ice
Every time somebody, every time
Yarmour Yager went flying past him
He just took a belly flop and was down there on his head
Yeah, that's yeah
Personally I think maybe we could possibly have won that game
Yeah
If we didn't have Bob Kiddell, Skid, Keith Brown, and Van B's Brook and Goal
Van B's Brook demand they would have scored 10 goals in the first two periods
He was unconscious, he made 8 million great saves
But it's only because he flaps his fat ass on the ground
Every time he stands up to stop the puck
So B'sr has a fat ass
He is a large person
He's not, have you ever seen him without all that crap on him?
Yes I am, I've seen him live in person
You have not, he is not a large person
He's just getting his real soul vie
And he is, if he stands is when the puck goes in the islander game
Van B'sr is a midget
Yeah, he's short but he's still got a lot of weight behind him
He's got a tiny ass
Oh, well I personally wasn't looking at it
Well I wasn't even, I was not checking out his ass
They don't have nobody on that team when they were over here
How about Jody Hall? Now, how come Jody's got all that facial out here
He's got hair on his post this year
I have no idea
The Brad Pitt look for good ditch to hair Jody, forget it
He's going for that man looking sexy as man
He wants to have the great ass right
Right
Or just get some
Right, well put the rumor going around
And our section last night was that Don Shuler was coaching him last night
It's interesting, it's funny
The only one that picked up on it
BrainStem was there and of course BrainStem
They thought he was the lucky charm because Wayne brought him in two games last year
And we kicked ass in both games in one
So I always think of the same thing that would happen last night too
But it got to the third period
And the BrainStem says to Wayne
He says well you know I'm such a good luck to him
Why don't you let me do the coaching here in the third period
I'll send all the information over there to Roger
I'll decide who's going to be on a power play
Who's going to be in the game
And that's what was going on here last night
Exactly
Bernie had the headset on
And Bernie was like whispering street sweet nothings in Nielsen's ear
Exactly
And that's why we lost the goddamn game you're right
Yeah, that's exactly right
You're the only person that crowd pur spacacation set up to pick up on it
Of course
Yep
Because we're the real fans
And if you could have heard in the locker room after the game when Roger Nielsen said
I'm sure I f***ing
Oh
Which is quite a bit of frustration coming from a sour push like him
Exactly
You bet
What is the deal with everybody leaving early?
I did
You left early
Which I never do but when I got to be 64 I just I threw it
Yeah but there was plenty of time left
I almost came back and tied it up
Almost only counts in horseshoes honey
That's true
Right
Okay listen have a great day see you Thursday
Oh my god I have one more thing to say
In closing
I have one more thing to say to somebody else
Somebody out there
Stouled my brother's jacket last night at the game
Bring it back and we're gonna send OJ after you
Exactly
Okay see you Thursday
Bye
So what's the deal now?
Here's Judge Edo, Hero Hito
He's right now
He's right now his order for a lot
How often does this guy eat?
Man talk about fat
How could you say the beasur is fat
You ever seen John van Beasbrook?
He's a little twirpy guy and he wears 600 pounds of hockey equipment
He looks like a lard ass
He's a little guy
And a great gold tender
And we love you beasur
We don't care what they say
And don't forget by the way those hockey pads over to these pot fans sports
Oh and you know that bread
Brent
Bread pit
No Brent from the
Denies pot fans now comes by last night
Gives me a song and a dance they still have only 1200 bucks
This is the most important thing of all
Forget the OJ trial
They still have a $1,200 bid on those hockey pads
That the beasur wore last season and in the all-star game
And the autographed picture that goes with it
From the these pot fans that all the money goes to center one
And I says to Brent
I says I thought they were going to announce this and the PA here
Which all the hockey fans are there
That would really goose it up a lot
All the people who are into collectibles and hockey stuff
Well, well, any ham then you ought
So once again
Dean Jordan and Wayne Heisinga
And the Gatsamish Buh-ho over there
Because it's an IOD thing
No, we won't do that
They wield out that phony silly embarrassing radio
That QAM piece of turd for no reason
They're the beginning of the game
And had all those silly calls up there
Oh, here they all stood up right now
The judge just just farted
And they all stood up
They're airing it out
They're airing out their differences
Now what is this?
Is the jury coming in?
They're all standing
Yeah, they're waiting for the jury
The jury's coming in?
Shuffle one of this
OJs tried to take off
Shapiro is standing on his feet
You know what I'm saying?
Which Shapiro is about three feet tall also
He looks like B's are junior with a bad hairdo
Boy, that Chuck Alphairi could cheer help Bobby Shapiro
Good morning, gentlemen
Good morning, judge, here we go
Have you got it on there?
Hot that baby up
Humans made by the lawyers in the case
Thank God we took that way
Remind you from my instructions
Who you yesterday that any statements made to you
By the attorneys during the course of their opening statements
Or not evidence right now
You should not be considered as the
Advocating by you
These opening statements are normally given by the attorneys to sort of give you an overall view of the evidence that they intend to present
To manipulate parts of the given way
Road map, free to speak, yet to how to evaluate the evidence
Yeah
This case, as you know, will be relatively long
And by necessity, some of this evidence will be presented to you out of chronological or logical order
So they'll need to explain to you the case that they intend to present
All right, both sides prepared to go forward
Yes, and we are
All right, the people wish to make an opening statement
Let's go
All right, you make your seat
Come on, Bobby
What are you old?
Marsha Clark
Leading the prosecution team
Let's get with the bitch, get up out of the chair and start the line
There she is, look at that, she just...
However, she pans off
She handles the law
The willy-darden, one of the deputy prosecutors
That's close to me, out of the police, fully dark
The Brown family, the Goldman family
The Reds, Gold
And the Simpson family
And to you ladies and gentlemen of the jury, good morning
I think it's fair to say that I have the toughest job in town today
Except for the job that you have, your job may just be a little bit tougher for your job
And like my job, both have a central focus
A single objective, and that objective is justice obviously
It's going to be a long trial
And I want you to know how much we appreciate your being on the panel
We appreciate the personal sacrifices you're making by being sequestered
We understand that can be difficult
And I'd like to thank you in advance
For keeping the promises you made to us
When you were selected for the jury initially
You promised to be fair
You promised to be open-minded
You promised to hear and see and carefully consider all the evidence in the case
And you promised to find this case
To come to a verdict in this case solely on the basis of the evidence and the law given to you by Judge Edo
And you promised to do that based on the law, based on the facts and the evidence
And nothing else
You promised us that you had no hidden agenda, that you only wanted to see justice done
And you promised us that you would do everything you could under the law to see that justice was done
And so I thank you for that, and I thank you in advance for the verdict
You will at some point render in this case
And we're here today obviously to resolve an issue
To settle a question, a question that has been on the minds of people throughout the country these last seven months
It certainly has been on the mind of my people left in Richmond, California
And friends in Fayetteville, Georgia and all across the country and everybody wants to know and everybody I know
Often posed a question to me
Did OJ Simpson really kill on the court?
So Brown, Ronald Goldman
Well finally ladies and gentlemen I am here in front of you this morning
To answer that question
And we'll answer that question from the witness stand
And from the exhibits you'll see in this case and from the evidence
And when you see the evidence and when you hear the witnesses and when you put it all together and consider the totality of circumstances in this case
The answer will be clear to you as well
The answer to the question is yes
The evidence will show that the answer to the question is yes
OJ Simpson murdered Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman
And I'm sure you'll be wondering why
That's a trial of receipts online and I'm sure you're wondering why right now
As a judge instructed you already, opening statements are not evidence
Opening statements are given by lawyers and in an opening statement we inform the jury of what we think the evidence will show in this case
But we believe the evidence will show
But we're lawyers, we're not witnesses, we're not under oath, nothing we say is evidence
The things we say to you today are not the things that you should carry into the jury room and then to deliver evidence
The evidence in the case, the testimony from the witness stand, the exhibits admitted at trial, the instructions given to you by the court
And when you look at all of that, when you go back and reflect on the testimony and the exhibits and everything you heard and saw in this case, you'll know why
He killed Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman
And when I give you the answer as I have, sit her and you stop considering you think why would he do it?
Why would he do it? Not OJ Simpson, not the OJ Simpson we think we know, not the OJ Simpson we've seen over the years
But that raises another question and that question is do you know OJ Simpson?
We've seen him play football for USC, we watched him press UCLA and play in the roles of OJ
We watched him win the Highs and Trophy
He may be the best running back in the history of the NFL
We watched him lead turn styles and chairs and run to airplanes and the Hurts commercials
And we watched him with a 50 inch afro and naked gun 33 and a half and we've seen him time and time again
And we came to think that we know him
But we've been seen ladies and gentlemen, it's the public face, the public persona
The face of the athlete, the face of the actor
It is not the actor who is on trial here today ladies and gentlemen
It is not that public face
It is his other face like many men in public, like many public men
They have a public image, a public persona, a public side, a public life
And they also have a private side, a private life, a private face
And that is the face we will expose to you in this trial
The other side of OJ Simpson, the side you've never met before
Who will expose in this trial and show to you in this trial that other face
The face he wore behind the locks and the gates and the walls at Rocking Hill
That other face
The one in the cold brown encountered almost every day of her adult life
The one she encountered during the last moments of her adult life
The same face
Ronald Goldman encountered during the last moments of his life
When we look upon and look behind that public face
The public face of the man who sits here in court today
You will see a different face
And the other side will show
The face you will see
And the man that you will see
Will be the face of a batterer
A wife-beater
Are you an abuser?
A controller?
You see the face
Of Ron
Of Ron's and Nicole's murderer
To understand what happened at Bundy
We need to examine this defendance relationship with Nicole
Because when we do
We can discern from that we can see a motive
We can see his motive for killing his ex-wife
And I submit to you ladies and gentlemen that ask the trial for season
And as you hear the evidence in this case
That motive will become clear
He killed Nicole for a single reason
Not because he hated her
He didn't hate Nicole
He didn't kill her because he didn't love her anymore because in his mom
What mom?
He did
He killed her for a reason all those ago is mankind itself
He killed her out of jealousy
Are you sure?
He killed her
Because he couldn't have her
And if he couldn't have her he didn't want anybody else
He killed her to control her
Control is a continuing thing
And why is a continuing thing
The central focus of their entire relationship
By killing Nicole, this defendant assumed total control over her
By killing her in the community ultimate act of control
By killing her no one else could have her
No one but him
And he killed Ron Goldman
And he killed Ron Goldman for another reason
He killed Ron Goldman because he got in the way
He killed Nicole because he had a problem with it
Because men and women sometimes do have in relationships
They have a problem
And this defendants problem
The man in the court for him
I think he stated his problem
He had relations with him
And he said then
And he said on other occasions
And I quote
He said
I was standing over that cast
I was standing over the post-bottom
My problem
Was that I loved him too much
But it wasn't really love ladies and gentlemen
And this will be reflected in the evidence
And the evidence will establish this that it wasn't really love
What this defended hat for Nicole Brown wasn't love
It was obsession
He became obsessed with her
And his obsession was so great
That he developed a need to control her
And his need to control
And his being in the possession of a discussion was so great
That when he came to realize that he could not keep her
He killed her
Because the letter go would mean to lose control of her
So let her go with Ron Goldman
Or someone else would mean to lose control
He couldn't have her
And neither could anyone else
Now the evidence in this case will establish that the man in the courtroom
There's defendant
There's an extremely controlling and possessive man
And as I said before, control and possessiveness
Was a single dominant theme throughout their relationship
And he controlled her in a variety of ways
He controlled her financially
And the defendant and Nicole first met
She was barely 18 years old, he was almost 30
She shared an apartment
He owned a man
She waited tables
At a restaurant
He was a millionaire
No one had ever heard of Nicole Brown
But he was one of the most recognized men in America
But after he met her, he slowly began to control her
She shared an apartment with a friend
He got her her own apartment
He bought her things, he gave her things
The time she was 19, she was driving the port, she got it for her
She began to gain control over her
And throughout the year, throughout their relationship, he maintained that economic control over her
That financial control, the evidence was shown that Nicole never really held a job
She never really worked
She never really operated a business
She never had an income really of her own
Throughout her entire adult life, this man
He was a defendant in the courtroom
He held the first ring in her life
Whatever money she got, whatever material possessions she got, she got from the defendant
People can sometimes be bald
And young people sometimes can be easily misled
Nicole was a very young woman, if a woman at all
When she first met this defendant, the man seated in the courtroom
And as the years went on, and as they continue to date
And as he gained more and more control over her
The more control he gained, the more abusive he became
As you listen to the evidence in this case, you're going to be hearing evidence regarding
domestic abuse, domestic violence,
talking, intimidation,
physical abuse,
life feeding,
public humiliation
As you listen to the trial, and as you hear this evidence, and see this evidence, please keep in mind
That all of these different kinds of abuse
Were all different methods to control her
Let me proceed on
The evidence was shown in his case that he abused her mentally
He stripped her of a self-esteem
This defendant dictated the way Nicole was dressed
He dictated the way she would wear her hair
And when he didn't like her appearance, he would criticize her, he would humiliate her
And for the point that she would cry
If he didn't like her, she would go out and boss you
This is what I want you to wear
Wear this, look like this
She was not a Barbie doll, ladies and gentlemen
The evidence was shown that he was so controlling that he attempted to define her right
The attempted to define who she was
When she was pregnant and put on weight
The evidence was shown that this defendant was so abusive that he called her names
He called her Pat
He called her Pig
And he did this in the presence of her family
And in the presence of her friends
And he humiliated her
That of the face would be a chance to expose and destroy
That's the other side of his defendant
We're going to show you and his trial
And by doing these things and by hurling these insults
He stripped her of his self-esteem
And when you're controlling someone financially
And when they have no self-esteem
And when they have no identity
You have them
You control them
The evidence was shown that this defendant, this man in the courtroom was a very controlling and possessive man
And that's a dominant thing throughout their relationship
With his control
With Nicole Brown
But he did more
He did more than just demean her in the presence of others
He attempted to isolate her
Sometimes from some people
From certain men came around
He became jealous
And he became so jealous that he got to the point that she would not
A real walk to be around certain men
And she confirmed that he might be jealous
Deputy District Attorney Christopher Darden giving the opening statement for the prosecution
He's occasionally walking away from the podium
In the courtroom
And that is why he sounds very far off microphone sometimes
He also, as you can hear, is often pumping the lectern for emphasis
When her friends came around her girl friends came around
And when he felt that she was spending too much time with those girlfriends
He talked to the girlfriend
He let them know he didn't like them hanging around
He dissuaded a girlfriend from hanging around
He attempted to isolate her from other people
And when you isolate someone
And when you have economic control over someone
And when you strip someone of their self-esteem
And when you establish their identity
You have
They're yours, you can control them
And the evidence will show in this case that this man has an extremely possessive and controlling individual
And that he is an extremely possessive individual when he came to Nicole
And his obsession was manifested
By the things he did toward controlling her
For demeaning her
And controlling the purse frame
And isolating her and defining who she would see and who she wouldn't see
And who her friends would be and who they would not be
Was an obvious defendant did to control this woman
There are more powerful forms of control
Okay, I'm at now we're going to dump off for a second
153 Christopher Darden, who's the Deputy District Attorney
Is doing the opening statement very poorly too I might add it's extraordinarily weak
Anyway, well come right back to it with though because it's riveting
153 at the WIOT
155 at WIOT now will be doing the regular news at two
Phil Henry is going to be here and then of course at 205
That's going to be your problem is to figure out whose voice is really on the arrow
Because I think Steve Warnell may be doing the arrest of the opening argument
And quite frankly probably one hell of a better job than this douchebag
Are you listening to this guy?
Weak really all there is he's dumping on it every now and I think he's like trying to build up a little confidence
He's trying to like wake up the jury is where he's trying to
Okay, let's go back to it
He headed off the ball to Chris, he's on the 325
15, he fumbled it and OJ picked it up
And tossed it off to the judge
That's a difficult topic
It is
Of course the domestic violence is something that happens behind the gates in the walls
We're pounding it man
It happens in the bedroom and inside the home and in places where the public can't see
The domestic violence is a private affair
Generally while it's occurring
And so it makes it difficult for paying evidence to gain proof
The violence occurred and it makes it difficult to obtain evidence and gain proof
That the relationship is a violent relationship
But we do have
That proof
We do have proof, we do have evidence
You will hear testimony in the witness of the Mimitage
And they will discuss the violent relationship with violent marriage
This defendant had was Nicole Brown
In 1985
The police responded to
The defendant's home was rocking him in response to a call
And when they arrived they were met by Nicole
She was prom
She was upset
Her face was puffy
Deputy District Attorney Christopher Darden, beginning the prosecution opening statement
On this first day of opening statements in the OJ Simpson murder trial
I'm Mark Smith, you're listening to continuing coverage of the Simpson murder trial for May-P Network News
I was trying to leave and when I tried to leave the defendant grabbed the baseball bat
And he took that baseball bat
We're not mad and we'll show it to my car
This is my 1980 bomb
And as they looked around these law enforcement officers they looked to the right
And they saw a white 450 SL Mercedes-Benz
And the windshield was smashed out
And just then the defendant came out of the house
And he offered an explanation
Well the police didn't arrest them
They left Nicole's there, they left the defendant there
And that isn't an act of physical violence towards Nicole
Yes it
Or is it?
Maybe it is
Or not
The cold ground
Was there the witness to that?
This violence on her vehicle
And if you married to someone and you love someone and you have a fight with them
And they take a baseball bat and they do something like that to one of your prized possessions
Could it be
It's really the thing that they have seen in the past
