The stench of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Why, Don, why?
No, I'm not just falling, distasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying,
Suck my t**, they're my f*****, she got you, mother f*****,
Words of love, they toss in the microphone, the dump button just can't seem to be left alone in all of this is because they like saying,
Suck my t**, they're my f*****, she got you, mother f*****
Oh, but they play football badly.
I'm gonna say that.
How did the patriots kick their ass?
Suck my t**, where will they make it to the Super Bowl?
But with an attitude as bad as theirs, they were tossing our hopes down the stairs.
Oh, man, dude, I'm not just falling, distasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying,
Suck my t**, they're my f*****, she got you, mother f*****,
Suck my t**, they're my f*****, she got you, mother f*****,
Suck my t**, they're my f*****, she got you, mother f*****,
What are they saying?
10-O-A to W-I-O-D happy Thursday to you.
Boy, am I in a good mood now?
I'm not one of those people that likes to revel in other people's misery, but in this case, I'll make an exception.
Remember, I can Godfather one where he says,
This time, one time only, Kay, I'll let you ask me about my business, remember that?
No, you don't. But anyway, so the news is, in case you missed Rick and Suds,
which I know everybody was definitely glued to their radio at about 20 to 10 while we discussed this,
The facts from John Stewart, one of our former pyzons over there at WSUN in Tampa,
Many of you who are still listening to W-I-O-D, remember those couple of years that were locked in there at WSUN?
That were locked in like prisoners in a goddamn cage, like birds in a cage?
And there were those people on here when they finally decided that, well, they didn't want Randy,
Then they didn't want Rick and Suds, and then I finally told him to stick the whole operation up their ass,
And we all kind of vanished off their radio station over there, and there were certain fat pompous assholes on here
Over there like reveling in that and saying, well, they weren't good enough for the Tampa Bay market,
Which is quite a commentary.
So anyway, the scary part of this story is, which Roger Fisher evidently in the St.P. Times isn't sharp enough to finger out,
That the Cox broadcasting is now on their bended knee to the American FIQA association,
And they've allowed them, first of all, they allowed Howard to be blown out in Chicago at our sister-in-law station up there at the FMCKG,
And then he went right across the street two days later to JJD, and is probably going to kick everybody's ass.
And now, WSUN makes a sports trio, WSUN succumbing to pressure from the American FIQA association,
It's true Bob Lancet, right out the door on his...
How do you like that? And also along with him, right behind his behind were the Hooters, Girls, and Gary Spivey.
So the only show they have left from the former lineup, from the most recent lineup, is Ron and Ron in the morning,
Who's show has been watered down and diluted badly, badly.
By the way, you did hear the Ron D.S. wife died, can we mention that in here?
About two weeks ago or something.
But anyway, so Ron and Ron are still on the year, and they're in the morning, been watered down,
Because the American FIQA association don't want them to say crap on the year, or take one.
And now they got the fabulous sports babe, the same bitch that's on QAM here every day,
Just absolutely murdering them from Tendon, oh by the way, speaking of QAM, Jeff Rimmer invited himself in on a show tomorrow morning for a couple of hours,
Because he doesn't really come on to talk hockey or talk anything, he just comes on, because it pisses off the people of QAM.
So everybody over at QAM, be sure to be listening, make sure you got your tape recorders rolling tomorrow from Tendon,
Rimmer is going to be saying a lot of spicy crap, and really just ripping you guys an ass, okay?
A big fat Hank Goldberg look like ass.
So anyway, they have the sports babe on, from 10 to 2 replacing the Hooters girls,
And last it is being replaced by, now this is so shocking, this company, seriously, when you stop and think about it,
And coming at a time when the audience here is basically bailed out on a state, they realize the hand writings on the wall,
They've bailed out on a station because they understand the Cox, it's not just Brian Cox, that's the problem,
It's anybody with an Incox, we have a major Cox problem in this state.
Scott Brantley and Steve Domingue, sports show is on from 2 to 6 in afternoon drive on WSUN,
Which also airs on WFNS 910 AM in Tampa.
Because SUN and FNS are linked by a joint sales agreement that have been sharing programming in the same market,
In the same market, that would be like us putting on a fat Hank in the afternoon,
Or like us putting on Rick Ciderman in the afternoon,
Simul Casting with a light bulb.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
I mean, we're familiar with all this crap that's going on these LMA,
These local marketing agreements, which is nothing more than companies that gobbling up other stations and so on and so forth,
And like they did with big here with Waxi, and Y100.
But this is broadcasting, Simul Casting within the same market, the programming, I'm not talking about like at night,
Like in Tampa for a while they had the lightning run, and FM station on AM, which I think was FNS,
Which you can barely hear and outs on SUN.
That's one thing.
But I'm talking about a program that's on in drive time, and after you drive from two to six,
That's on SUN and FNS in the same market, which they now have three sports talk stations in the same market over there,
Which they don't have any football team that's on the way out.
They just tried to get all those signatures, they tried to get all those people to sign up,
They needed 50,000, they got 32,000, and they said that's not enough or leaving, so the bucks are leaving.
They got a baseball team, which hasn't even been named yet.
Well, they did name it, but people are pissed off.
What was the name of it?
The devil, the hell's, what was it?
Remember the people got all bent out of shape about it?
The devil raise?
Yeah.
Yeah, the Tampa Bay devil raise.
So they got a baseball team that may have to leave Tommy for the even start plan,
Because the people are pissed off, all those born again Christians over there,
About the name of the team, and the AFM sure is really pissed off about that.
The devil made me do it, and they got no basketball team, and their hockey team blows even though they won five in a row.
They're still suck.
How do you like that?
Apps three sports stations in the same market, including two of them,
Which are sharing similar programming, one of them owned by Cox.
How do you like that?
There's a major Cox problem in the entire state of Florida.
In fact, it's almost like this corporation is saying,
So it's my dick to the FCC, how do you like that?
Which would be a first for them?
Okay, just calm down.
Don't get started hysterical again like yesterday.
Look what it did, your blood pressure, you're right.
I'm just going to talk to myself, okay?
Mr. Henry, when you're done with your test, don't sit there cleaning your fingernails, just turn it over on the desk.
But someday I'm going to be a WIOD, two to six of the AFN, and six to 10 WIOD.
We'll see you back on your mother's pills again, huh?
To the principal's office.
Still, Henry, two to six PM on News, Talk, and Entertainment Radio, six to 10 WIOD.
Stench of Palminor covers over this performance by the Alps.
Okay, 10, 17, you can still smell it, can't you?
It's in the year, it's like wafting everywhere.
And that what the song says, they're in the year, it's in the year, you smell it everywhere, something like that.
So the thing that I got all excited about several weeks ago, you notice I'm in the forefront.
I'm like years ahead, the pioneer of what the people get excited about.
Officers charged in motorist's death.
Remember this?
The cousin of Pittsburgh Steelers football player Ray Seals.
Remember the cousin got beaten to death?
And they took the test and the blood test they found out he had like one beer,
and a very little alcohol and no drugs in the system.
And they just stopped him for speeding in an all white neighborhood, this black guy,
and they beat the crap out of him, and he died.
He died?
He died.
He's dead.
Johnny Gammage.
And now finally, it's made it all the way up to page three in a sunsend.
You see the OJ thing that was on page one every day for a year and a half.
But because not that many people know Ray Seals, and certainly nobody knows Johnny Gammage
and the fact that he's dead, you know, I guess he's not that important anymore.
But here's another great case of police brutality, and again, another great case of real racism.
As opposed to alleged.
And nobody really gives a crap about it.
I just thought I'd mention that because sooner or later, all the stuff comes out.
You know what I'm saying?
Sooner or later.
Okay, our 610 WIOD, we got too many of these things going on.
We got the Miller light beer, life is good, and the 610 WIOD, which used to be good.
We got that contest, kick you away to the Super Bowl, and the mobile armored truck,
the armored van, the thing is going to be at Big Daddy's Flanagan's, Barron Grill,
1550 Northwest Lijoon Road, and the best wester in Miami, Noon to One today,
and Flanagan's at 1550 West 84th Street, and highly a 5 to 6th Disafnune.
You can go there and sign up, just fill out the entry black.
You must be 21 or older, and you'll be maybe if they be accurate about there,
involved in the kick the field goal contest before the Atlantic Games Sunday,
and then they picked the three winners to kick it off, part of the regular,
against the Chiefs, okay?
It just goes on and on.
And the final winner gets a trip for two to the Super Bowl in Tempe, Arizona.
courtesy of Miller light beer, life is good at 610 WIOD.
Then we got the pizza loft tonight, 6 to 9, that's at 69th in Flagler,
just east of the Palme de O upstairs.
We'll have our center one stuff, our total by the way is 46,220,
and that's where we are with that.
Here's our first call of the day, and I'm sure the first of many hundreds and hundreds today,
it's going to be a big day, because I know this audience when they see that the American
FIQA Association is manipulating the program on WSU end that they dropped basically
an entire format because there are a bunch of cowards and that we can't be far behind.
Now we know this audience is really going to rally behind us, in addition to which all the
ethnics who allegedly do not listen to us, they're going to be calling in today to register
their whatever they are, that they're there.
Miami, hello?
Needless to have any chance that your program director can have Bob Lashen to do midnight on weekends.
I sure hope not.
Why?
Why what?
I'd rather have Dr. Laura and Mr. Dr. Laura.
I'd rather have dead air than Bob Lasheter.
He's a bag of crap and a bad guy and a trouble making backstabbing.
If we want a backstab, we can go over and get Hank.
We don't need the Lasheter.
Okay, need you, okay?
Thanks for the suggestion.
There's another amateur PD.
So by the way, speaking of program directors, yesterday Steve Watts's name,
he was telling me that the new census is out and that starting with a fall book,
which was this last trend when everybody who speaks English went in the toilet,
including us and Howard and everybody else.
The new census is out and as a result, there's only 44% in Dayton,
Broward like Anglo and they're 56% ethnic now.
So what are the rest of you waiting for?
Get out already.
So the bottom line is we got no chances what he's saying.
Of course, that doesn't account for the very reduced length of listenership,
which I don't see where that's connected.
And also doesn't account for the fact we've gone down and every trend all year since way back
in the the winter book back January, February and March.
But then of course it would be inconvenient for him to talk about that because he's got no excuses made up for that yet.
But so today we want to hear from from Geeks.
You know what I'm saying?
From people who are like foreigners, we want to make you feel welcome here.
Even frogs French Canadians, everybody we love you or at least we're talking a good game.
Hey, if Madden's can lie a lot, why can't the rest of us?
Okay? Because that's the only chance we got is to pander now to people who know speak of English.
We love all of our good friends out there.
In fact, we want every one of those Julios to be there.
In fact, I do love my young Julio friends.
You know what I'm talking about?
The real good looking ones.
We want them all to show up tonight at Pizza Lock.
Oh, and by the way, heard Rick say this morning something about come out to the Pizza Lock and buy the stuff tonight and there be lots of fun and lots of food.
There will be lots of food I'll write for you to buy.
We don't give away food at these things.
I got the distinctive impression when he said that the snores would be assuming, oh, it's free food at the loft tonight.
So unless ponytail is changing his tune, which I seriously doubt.
So we're inviting all of the young Julios to come on out tonight.
We're not talking about women.
That's for damn sure.
At the Pizza Lock from 6th and 9th and prove to us that we still have a loving, a wonderful and ethnic audience.
The more ethnic the better.
We want Yugoslavians.
We want Croatians and Serbs and Bosnians.
We want the Egyptians.
We want the geeks.
We want lots of African-Americans.
We want the Puerto Ricans.
We want Colombians, Nicaragua.
We want illegal aliens.
We want Mexicans as long as they use a lot of right guard before they show up.
Whatever you are, we want you to be there, okay?
And the more foreign the better.
Look at that.
As soon as I said that, Broward went out.
You're a history, Broward.
You're not kidding me.
You're just on the last step before Boca, okay?
It's just one step away.
Keep moving.
Just like in Detroit.
Just keep moving north and pretty soon you'll be in a goddamn upper peninsula, baby.
So we'll do good in Jacksonville.
1022 at W.A.D.
And they got a pretty good football team by the way.
It was everywhere you drive.
There's the borders books in music store.
And now there's the new one in Fort Lauderdale.
2240 East Sunrise.
Thanks to the gallery out.
New books, new music, new store.
Big bang, grand opening with Rick and Sons, Neil and Phil live Saturday at 1.
All the best of W.I.O.D.
CDs, cassettes and T-shirts.
All the guys live on location all at one time.
Borders, books and music on Sunrise in Fort Lauderdale.
1-3PM Saturday, benefiting center 1.
From news, talk and entertain the radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
Oh.
1028 at W.I.D.
Adam's got a tough decision to make.
And he's like two face in Batman Forever.
He's going to flip a coin.
Okay, we got an open line.
Yeah, just flip a coin and see what it's going to be.
I bet it ain't going to be Craig Stevens.
Craig has got the hots for Adam.
I just thought I mentioned that.
We have an open line at Dave, 751 W.I.O.D.
All three and Broward of course.
You open as soon as I mentioned.
What is it?
He wants to know which one is Tails.
Which one is heads?
No matter which one it comes out.
It's both Tails.
Okay, no head.
So anyway, here's an incredible thing that somebody sends me
out of the Sunsend in November 22nd from the personal ads.
Wait until you hear this.
It says Seeking Peter North.
Do you look like Peter North?
Very sexy single white female 26-5-2.
Blonde slash brown.
That means blonde up top brown down below.
Thank you.
Who enjoys photography and beats.
Seek someone with the same characteristics.
If you look like Peter North.
In other words, if you used to look really good like about 15 or 20 years ago.
If you're a straight shooter.
That's what he wants.
You want to post off his box or what?
So anyway, Jeff Moss just calls and I'll tell you more about that later.
Because I'm not going to tell these people now.
Otherwise they'll start calling now.
Here's Davey on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey Neil, time for me to do my cubic service.
Yes.
Are boys and blue are out in force on I-75.
Yeah.
Round mark.
Yeah, exactly.
Around mile mark.
I'm looking number 12, taking on the working people in unmarked cars.
Giving them tickets for whatever reason.
Great.
You don't think it has to do with the end of the month.
No, I think probably they're looking for all these foreigners that we just discovered in the census.
And if they find any minorities out there, they'll beat the crap out of them.
Maybe 21 or 22 so we can give another big news story.
That could be good.
That would be interesting.
Keep people, you know, keep something to talk about.
And secondly, I went to your favorite town where you said New Orleans.
No, my second favorite town next to Paris, which by the way, of course, the French quarter is the highlight in New Orleans.
Right.
Is that tell you why it's such a crappy town?
That key word.
Yeah.
Personally, I like New Orleans, but unfortunately I went to a close friend of mine, passed the way of cancer.
And they had a Baptist preacher at the service.
And if you ever experienced that, this is like a new awakening.
First of all, he told us we were all going to help.
And we were saved.
Yeah.
And then he said that two angels were going to come down and lift the soul of my friend up to the floor.
I bet you one of them is JT snow.
Well, I needed to know why.
Yep, that could be.
That could be true.
Probably chili Davis is the other one.
Yeah, okay.
I got to throw one minority in there.
Why couldn't one angel do it?
Why was your friend big?
No, no, he wasn't.
Well, I don't know.
I was going to be angels or a bunch of paintings like most of those priests.
Anyway, thanks, Dale.
And keep off by 75.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
By the way, speaking of keeping off by 75, as I'm coming down the highway to hell, 79th Street to work this morning,
there is a sign.
Have you seen it that says the December 2nd through the 6th, 79th Street will be closed at 2nd Avenue.
Now, if 79th Street is closed, that's Northeast.
I'm sure what they're talking about.
If it's closed at 2nd Avenue, there will be no way to get here.
Except my way.
Which is what?
North East 10th Avenue.
Oh, forget that.
Which is all torn up right now and they have a really atrocious detour.
So I can go there.
Yeah, there's no way to get here.
So I think let's see, December 2nd is what?
Saturday?
Right.
So that means next Monday through Wednesday, we may have to bring out those tapes again for the whole station or else do the college show in from home.
I don't think there's going to be any way to get here because they still got this gain all torn up for like the last day months.
And you can't make the little Wendy's shortcut there.
It takes another extra hour.
There's no way to get here.
So I just thought I would mention that in passing for the powers that be out there who are so how do you do that?
They're going to be in other words not just certain hours, but it's going to be shut down for four solid days from December 2nd through the 6th period.
So if you're going like anywhere over there on a causeway, I guess maybe we can come down to the old A1A with Ron St. John.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, ma'am, sir.
Ma'am.
Do you want to talk about you real quick?
About me?
Yes, it's not me if you've heard this before.
Did you read the Dr. Atkins Health Revelations of September?
The Health Revelation.
Yes, he has a little news letter that he puts out.
No, I don't get that.
Don't ask me why I don't get that because with all I've done for him, I ought to be getting 10 copies of it every month.
But let me let you know because of the unbridled on the air and tooth the other of a popular radio talk show host in Miami.
Right.
My news.
Who can't buy a call, right?
I can't know if I look forward to the top of the South Florida Beth Seller list.
I just wanted to let you know.
I want to get your facts I can send it to you.
And I just want to let you know personally that it worked for me over 30 pounds in a row.
Great.
And the only problem with the diet is once you've lost it all the way, how do you keep your enthusiasm for other people when you want to let them know about it?
What do you mean by that?
Well, you've got to be...
How would you not be enthusiastic?
Well, you've taken care of yourself, but once you've got to tell the people and you're all enthusiastic about it.
So just point at him and laugh and say, hey, are you a fat slob and just laugh yourself silly?
Have you continued with it?
Yes.
You're not on it.
I didn't continue with it on vacation.
Uh-huh.
But I only gained like two pounds and since I've been back, I went back on it.
And I'm right back where I was before I left.
I lost the two pounds back, which I think is pretty damn good.
When you consider that I ate tons of pasta in Italy, I ate canolies, I ate all those perigina chocolates, I ate all kinds of stuff.
I had a little gelato and only gained a couple of pounds.
And my blood sugar never went crazy.
Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to send facts to Seller to you because he doesn't mention your by name, which I think is not very nice.
Well, that sucks, Bob.
You douchebag, you will fart.
But you can always put it in your scrapbook.
He's coming down here in December, by the way, and we're going to be having a seminar, which I will be at with him, which I can't tell you yet because we don't know where it is.
Oh, that's right.
But sometime in December, he's going to be coming down.
Well, something needs to be done.
A lot more people need to know about this.
Well, a lot more people need to know about it.
A lot more people need to let us know what's going on.
But it was like one of those fad things and people got excited about it for about two months and we kept getting a million phone calls.
And that was the end of that.
Now it's all over.
Which is sad because there are a lot of people out there.
It's not just a short thing like a lot of these stupid diets where you lose an X amount of weight.
It changes your whole body chemistry.
Yes.
That's the thing that I'm excited about.
Even though I haven't lost any more weight and I've been stuck for like about a month now, it doesn't bother me because it changed my blood sugar and I was able to go on an
vacation and take out and I didn't balloon up like a bullfrog.
It's the, I've convinced a couple of people and they say that they're not paying attention to the medical reports anymore because it's for their concern.
This and works.
Well, my doctor loves it. I'll tell you that and he's lost over 30 pounds on it.
But can they recommend it?
Why not? He recommends it.
I've got a friend of mine who said that she went to a doctor who says, well, it's very interesting but I cannot recognize it.
Well, then find a real doctor.
Okay, find a doctor with some balls.
That's true.
With some brains and some balls.
Good point.
I'm going to get your facts number then.
795.
795.
8418.
8418.
You got it.
Okay.
Keep it up.
See ya.
Look at that.
Speaking of keep it up.
Look at that phone now, baby.
We are down to a precious one.
It's okay.
1035 at WIOD.
Press by the host, guests or callers on WIOD.
You're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated.
It's not just Hank Goldberg.
It's a hip oponymous.
If you look like Godfather WorldB today, huh?
They like to play games and I think Jeff Moss ought to feed him up.
15th year at Tickets for the Flyers game right now.
I think we were going to give him a way starting in the next hour because why should we reward these bastards?
Take a look at his phone, baby.
I thought yesterday was bad.
I'd come back today.
Today is going to make yesterday look like a goddamn picnic.
I guarantee you that.
Get that shoe back to the guy off in here already.
If that's the best we can do, get ready to him.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, how you doing?
Uh, Neil.
Yes.
I spoke to you.
We're talking about the diet again.
I spoke to you a little while ago.
Uh, I'm down to 30 pounds.
I went to my doctor and had my...
You mean you're up to 30 pounds?
I dropped 30 pounds.
Right.
And uh, just came back to my doctor a few days ago.
And he said to me, I don't know if I was just going to shake in the diet but it's working for you.
My LDLs went out from 122 to 136.
Oh!
Yeah.
That's what I would tell you.
That's great.
Okay, keep it up, pal.
We'll try and see ya.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
There's a report.
Hello, Neil.
What's this diet about?
751 W-I-O-D-A-D.
I'm gonna...
You know what I think I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna go out on the street corner and hand those tickets that Jeff Moss brings in next hour for the game tomorrow.
And I'm gonna hand them out to the homeless.
I'm gonna find this...
This guzziest, the most grotesque, the most dangerous-looking people I can find.
And say, hey, want some hockey tickets for the game tonight?
That's what I should do.
Because these people sure as hell, they don't deserve the sweat off our ass.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Bell Harbor.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Pretty slow, pal.
Pretty slow.
What are we gonna do with these right-wing religious people who are gonna boycott Disneyland?
Yeah.
Did you read that the Harold yesterday?
Yeah, we're just talking about that, right?
I can't believe it.
Yeah, were you wondering?
You know, they steal all the money from those poor little people.
Shoot them in the leg.
Yeah.
That's what we're gonna do with them, pal.
Okay, babe.
Okay.
See you at the target practice.
We'll show them a thing or two go into these abortion clinics and shooting abortion doctors.
How about shooting right-wing fanatics, huh?
And if you happen to have bad aim and missed a leg, too bad.
Because he works in mysterious ways.
Here's Pompato Beach.
You're calling Broward.
Neil.
Yes?
How you doing?
Okay.
First time caller?
Well, great.
Yeah.
Not a living person, huh?
Yeah, living person.
What are you doing here?
I just woke up.
Okay.
I work nights.
Did you happen to catch the news last night at football game?
Did I catch the news after the football game?
Yes, sir.
In other words, you think I would have stayed up through that, excuse for a football game and watched the news like at midnight?
Well, hey, you know.
I mean, if that game, well, of course you were, you see you're up at that hour automatically.
But anybody that could have stayed awake through that, excuse for a football game, forget it.
Right, right.
Unbelievable.
But there was a piece on there last night.
There was a piece?
A piece.
Yeah.
A very small piece.
It was a diet.
It was a religious diet.
Yeah.
You'll never guess what they do to lose weight.
They read the Bible.
Oi!
So stop them so.
From eating.
I'll tell you one thing.
I read that enough.
It would make me puke.
I read that in the bulimic diet.
I'd be like, Princess Diana.
I know.
I guess it works.
They read the Bible.
Isn't it sad how many sick, weak minds there are out there?
They're just soaking up this crap.
Unbelievable.
And I also have an idea for high zingling, what to do with the dolphin.
Yeah.
Take your obby stadium.
Rename it to fish pole.
Take the dolphins.
Rename them the goldfish.
Because they go belly up in a couple weeks anyway.
Okay.
That's it, Neil.
Have a nice life.
Yeah, go back to sleep.
Okay, we have an open line in dates.
751, W-Y-O-D.
All three in Broward, a wide open air.
524.
I don't know what I'm sitting here pumping these numbers because our program directed
to tell me yesterday we got nobody but foreigners left in this market anyway.
There are no people who speak English.
We got no anglos left in the minorities.
Of course, don't listen to this radio station.
And even if they do, they won't put it down in their diary.
So we haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
Speak of the Chinaman's chance in hell.
What's this row?
Is it Rolandas?
That her name on this row?
Roxanne?
Rolandas?
Now, there's a show if you want to see what America is becoming right there.
Not that I want to sound bigoted or anything.
But it is comfortable once in a while to see a few people like yourself.
In other words, if you're black, you like being...
You know, having a few other black people around.
If you're white, you like knowing that there's like five or ten other white people within a ten mile radius.
And you turn on the Aldi's talking head shows.
She herself, of course, is black.
She's got three black panelists on her, three maniacs on her.
The usual goofballs they got off the street somewhere.
You look at the composition of her audience.
70% of it is black, which I have no idea what city that show is taped in.
But what city have we got beside Detroit and Washington at 70% black?
And I'm sure that show ain't taped in Detroit or Washington.
And then the rest of the people, there's a smattering.
There's some Asian people, Asian people, moving up in the world, not Oriental.
And there's like one or two like Anglos.
There are no Anglos left in America.
Okay, that's what the... That's the surprising part of the whole deal.
There are none.
And as far as Dayton, Broward County, if you're in your car right now,
I challenge you to look around and see if you find anybody who looks like they speak English.
You don't even think about asking them if they do, but just look at them.
Sware at them in English and see if they understand.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, this is GeoColon from Kendall. First time caller.
Yes, sir.
I just want to thank you for pumping some life into the city here.
A couple of minutes.
Yeah, it's really working. Big time. I'll tell you that.
Woo!
First is a thanks for the turn on to Atkins.
I turned my wife on to her and she's happy as a pig.
Second question, I want to have...
Happy as a pig or looks like one.
No. You used to.
Never. Okay.
Didn't get that bad.
Second part is the Panthers.
I want to go out to one of the games.
I want to know what's the best way to get tickets.
Do I wait before the game?
Do I go down and purchase one of the ticket booths?
Which is the best way to get tickets for the Panthers?
You want the cheap ones?
I want good seats.
I don't want to pay out the butt for them.
Yeah, good ones is to go up there right before the game.
I'll soon be for the game.
Like when, whatever time they open the box office, I don't know,
hour before, I guess.
Hour and a half, whatever they open it.
Excellent.
That's it.
Okay.
Nothing exciting. Thanks for your help.
I'll see you there.
See, he was kind of like hinting around.
I don't have any yet.
I'll give him away when I get him.
Okay.
That means all these lines are going to go out.
See, if that's the best that we can do is either play games.
You know, let's play some trivia.
Let's do word association games.
Let's play some kind of game to get these people off their dead ass.
I say a good hydrogen bomb is the way to solve the problem in this town.
I mean, you people are dead and nobody told you about it.
I think it must have rubbed off from Hallendale and Tamarack and Sunrise and Surfside and Delray Beach.
It must be rubbing off and everybody else.
Everybody's dead here and they don't know it yet.
A special announcement.
Most of you are dead.
How do you like that?
Speaking of that, here's Boka.
Hello.
I'm alive.
Okay.
I'm an Anglo too.
All right.
Yeah, but you're in Boka.
You're not in Dator Broward.
You're in Boka.
I want to take a talk with you last time.
So I'm not going to snore.
Good.
But I did go up north and I had to go to, you know, with business and rail, it doesn't
Jersey.
And it was via Philly Airport.
And I had my cash and I had a panther jersey on.
Yeah.
But the look I was getting of hate.
Right.
Good.
Screw those guys.
And they're like, I'm just like, well, so proud of just going through the Philly Airport
and another chase, and they can't quite catch this.
I hope we kick their ass 10 to 1 tomorrow night.
Say, one thing, that new arena they're building looks pretty nice though.
Yup.
Next to the spectrum.
The spectrum's just like a round piece of a...drem.
But isn't it interesting how they have the stadium and the arena right next to each other?
Yeah.
Would people are used to going there?
it's convenient right off the expressway which in filet off it's kind of hard
to find anything right off the expressway but
that happens to be one of them and uh... makes too much sense for us
yet
uh... i don't want to go to the thing about the airport again here my
me i'm gonna tell you i don't know which is worse my international or jfk
i cannot believe what crappy airports we have in so many cities and including
this one
yet but really there there gets to come around somehow
how i wish how i pray that some day for lottery will become the real
airport yet even a more for sure the fact that i want to get there is like
the new what's going on down here what you guys probably like a you know i'm a
panther fan
exactly who the hell is your the association you know i want to go to you know
go with the winner i mean i want to say it for the winner i have a slip
out yeah
but they're my team okay
see it tomorrow
marna we got the big game we got an effect that he's bringing tickets over here
to give away for that game that is really astonishing
forty five hundred unsolved tickets for the first place panthers against the
second place
flyers with the second best player in the game Eric Lindross tomorrow and i
will be there Legion of doom
and they're hotter than a pistol by the way this is an important game for both
teams the panthers are three points ahead of the flyers in second place
and uh... you know we still it's the same old story
i think what i need to do is go back out of town again because every time i go
about a town we have the best turnouts
i think there's a message there somewhere
ten forty seven at w-i-o-d
you're going to play with the big boys you better be ready
you got to practice you're going to hit people you got to make things happen
and you got to be intense
the w-i-o-d way
dolphins on radio
come help
talking entertainment radio
some help
ten w-i-o-d
ten forty nine at w-i-o-d here's a mobile in Hollywood is long gone
see what i mean about that really patient baby two open lines and
brow are now five to four one on a green line by the way sir here's a check
for my rich aunt in hell and
forty six thousand three hundred and twenty at least for center one and don't
forget will be at borders and for lottery list uh... Saturday from one to
three all of us Rick and sudson fill in yours truly
here's my any hello
hey good morning you sir
how are you okay
uh... this all bounded spellbound
the dolphin things to know this is ponder so the act and thing
meaning what
it's just boring
yeah
well who the hell's talking about the dolphins
forty six thousand seven eighty six years are new center one total i told you by
the end of the month which is two more days will have up to fifty grand after
pizza lot tonight to more days
five six one all of seven eight is that number for you to call in your orders for
your best of cd's and cassettes and t-shirts five six one all
all seven eight
day lines all wide open now seven five one nine four six three
and i'm going to tell you right now if they're not all lit up by the top of the
hour when it comes to give away those hockey tickets
they've got to kiss my fat ass how do you like that
all you ethnic phone is that are listening but won't call in because somebody
might recognize your voice and call you faggot or something like that which
gonna feel free to
fucking
bring some
Where's Marty Cove when we need a man?
Well, that 10 gallon Texas head.
Number Marty Cove?
You know what, looking brought season.
We need some help because he sleeps with the fishes.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know, I'm not that desperate.
I gotta talk to Dave the cop.
What's wrong with that?
What do you want?
I can curse that I get the old Jew bastard.
I don't want chronic man.
I want some living people.
I fit the Swedish Jewish category.
I got back from New York City for Thanksgiving.
And I can comment on JFK or Miami International.
It's not close, Miami International sucks.
It's worse than JFK.
It's worse than JFK.
I don't think so.
Even the moving walkways that JFK, the rubber, is rotted out.
That's how old and how bad and how unkempt that airport is.
What a joke.
And their idea of restaurants is Burger King and Taco Bell.
That's their two gourmet restaurants at JFK.
It's bad. It's pretty bad.
What a pathetic excuse for an airport that is.
And the parking here sucks too.
Yeah, that's right.
It does suck.
You can't move and you can't get out.
I want you to get out on to the streets.
You almost get run over by some of the unlicensed drivers that.
So since you called, now I'm glad you put yourself in this position.
How am I going to get to work next Monday through Wednesday when North East Second Avenue on 79th Street is going to be closed off?
How do we get here?
Are you going to provide a helicopter?
Try North Miami Avenue.
Miami Avenue to what?
What a 79th East and West is closed off.
It's the news to me.
I just got back.
Well, there's a big sign right there in the middle of the street.
They've the cop in the city of Miami.
There's a big sign.
It says December 2nd through the 6th.
79th Street will be closed at Second Avenue.
Okay.
What you do?
You park your car northward 7 and 7 and 9 and get out the street.
Yeah, right.
You want the jet knee and go.
Right.
No, I'll park my car at home.
Is what I'll do.
And you'll pick me up and bring me here.
I'll say you got it, buddy.
Have a girl.
See ya.
Yeah.
See everything's a joke.
You reminds me of our management here.
Everything's a joke.
We got a major problem.
We got the city going to be closed down for four days right in the middle of the week.
Nobody's going to be able to come out here.
And you know, Craig Stevens wants Adam Badley.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How are you now?
Okay.
I want to go to the Panthers game and sit on your lap.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sit on this.
Open line on the green line.
1-800-944.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Nioh.
Just another Julio.
Yes.
What do you mean another one?
Well, the only one.
Will the only one die to your listening?
That's right.
And you can't get to Diaries because your mama's seat to grabs it out of the mail and fills it all out.
And you can't get to the WQBA and WRHC and radio romance and we get no chance.
And I'm also an ad-man.
Too much romance and we get no chance.
And I'm also an ad-lesson 5.0 Mustang driver.
Oh, Jesus.
You'll get over that.
Hey, Nioh.
Maybe Daddy will buy a Corvette when you turn 15.
Well, maybe.
Nioh.
You think the dolphins have any hope now that J.B.
Toast is out of the season?
Yeah.
Well, that might be a plus.
It is a plus.
We got Buckley.
Yeah.
Like I said, no chance.
Take up a new sport, pal.
Soccer's not bad.
Take it easy.
See ya.
Open line on a purple line.
It's 18-T wireless pound IOD.
We got 200 blue lines.
Okay, here's our topic today.
Talk show, a game show host, Dead or Alive.
Bert Convey.
You know, I've never, I always forget his name for some reason.
But I guess when you're dead today, it came back to me.
Bert Convey.
God that I hate him.
He was one of the most up.
And he died a lot of a brain tumor.
He wasn't very old.
Was he was in his 40s?
And he's dead.
Who?
Bert Convey.
You don't know Bert Convey.
He was on Tatltails.
What?
Oh, you don't have the game show channel because you don't have a dish.
You just some pedestrian slob with a cable.
So you can't see all those great old.
Well, that's not that old of a show.
Tatltails, you don't remember that show?
Whether he had the little green TVs and they had the couples on there.
And like stiller and mirror were always on there.
And all these boring people that you never want to see again.
Telling different tales and they had to match the stories about their wives
and the boyfriends, et cetera, or both.
You never, you never saw Tatltails.
You don't know who Bert Convey was.
God, are you lucky?
Man, did I hate him?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How about Bud Collier?
He's dead, I think.
Yeah, long since, yeah.
Anyway, I'm trying to brush about the dolphins.
What can I do?
You're what?
I mean, I don't want to talk to that guy that called me for and said crap on here.
He was right.
I don't want to talk about the guy named Donald.
How about the light bulb?
What about it?
I put that on you.
What the hell is that they got on?
We have the same as the dolphins.
Crap.
We have for all the Broward lines wide open.
5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3.
I'm going to tell you this right now.
I'm declaring a hiatus on the dolphins right now for the rest of this week.
When they lose to the Falcons on Sunday, then on Monday next week you can call and cry again.
The guy was right.
Every station you tune on in this town, it's the same crap.
In fact, I'm going to tell you before a rumor comes on here tomorrow on Rips' QA M&A's.
On Sunday, get back from the airport.
Didn't go to the game.
I was too tired.
So I'm trying to find them Panther Kings game on TV.
It's blacked out.
So I'm forced to turn on the radio.
It's five minutes to seven.
The first period is over.
What are they talking about during the middle of a hockey broadcast?
They're talking about the NFL scores.
And we got more crying and gnashing a teeth about all the dolphins lost again in the middle of a hockey broadcast.
Nice go in QA M&A.
Are you doing a hell of a job for the Panther's?
No wonder they got 5,000 empty seats for tomorrow night, U.S. holes.
It's like the other week you turn them on and they're talking about the damn heat signing a lawns of mourning in the middle of a basketball football broadcast.
Or whatever the hell it was.
What is the sport?
Whatever they play with the puck.
You know what it is.
See, can't even remember what it is anymore because they're changing the goddamn story on us right in the middle of the game every time.
But take all your dolphin manure like Mandid says and shovel it, will you?
Hey!
Stench of cow manure covers over this performance.
Oh, you bet.
Here's Boynton B.
Like I said, we're not going to talk about it again.
Boynton B.
Oh.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, man.
What about that hockey game tomorrow night?
What about it?
Why they should be able to sell that game out.
Yeah.
Come on.
Like Eric Landrows or second-first place, second-place team.
Yeah.
So you're telling me something I don't know?
I'm telling you.
This is a cramp whole town.
What can I tell you?
I'm the guy that got tickets and went down there and they weren't there.
And now Jeff Moss is supposed to hook me up.
Yeah.
Well, don't look at me about it.
Nothing I'm not involved.
I'm not getting the middle of this again.
All right.
But I'm George Ford.
Oh, yeah.
I want to talk to George.
You're going to pull me on a hole.
Let me talk to him.
No.
I can go all the way down there and make sure it'll be there for me.
What, what are you saying, George?
Did you say you're a pain in the ass?
Well, you know, I caught up.
So you just said?
Yeah.
That's what I just said.
He just said you're a pain.
I'm going to go to lip reading now.
I'm also going to be a lot of money to take a day off.
You know, to go to another place.
I thought he gave you a bunch of other stuff though to make up for it.
Did you give him dinner at the pizza lot?
I gave you dinner at the loft with him.
Or is my...
All sorts of perfect.
Are we going to need a bunch of crap?
Okay, get out of here.
It's tired of you already, okay?
I didn't give you Jeff Moss's number.
You're coming down here thinking that this dude, but Stacey is going to give you a prize.
Then you deserve what you get.
Nothing.
You deserve getting shine.
Here's my hand me.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, have you heard your Spanish version of you?
Have I heard what?
Your Spanish version of you?
Meaning what?
La Faye.
En Radio La Faye.
No.
It's Carlos.
Yeah.
He's much better than me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The way you're listening here.
Because I love you.
Oh, huh.
Take care now.
Open line and date.
7519-463-1 in Broward.
Five, two...
Well, that was brilliant.
There's another one of those Julios.
He's putting down.
He's listening to Carlos.
We ain't even probably on here anywhere.
But he loves me.
Francisco Arruca is the best radio show I am.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
There you go.
I rest my case, okay?
Irving Julio in the city is listening to the show right now.
But they're going to write down.
They're listening to Carlos.
They're listening to Francisco Arruco.
They're listening to Ray Ruiz.
Giving him a big squeeze.
That's what these guys are doing.
You phonies.
You faggots.
Here's a mobile in homestead.
Hello.
Mobile in homestead.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
There's mobile in plantation.
It says mobile in homestead there.
I was right.
Unless George just pulled a fast one.
Wherever you say you are, I believe.
Hey, how you doing now?
Look out the window.
Are there a bunch of red necks around?
Uh, no.
A bunch of yentos.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, uh...
Probably close to sunrise.
I went to the hockey game.
I must have been under the Vancouver game.
I got tickets from you off the show.
And there's my first hockey game.
And it was great.
And you're right about the fan.
I mean, every time the panther scored, I mean, I was like jumping out of my seat going
nuts.
And everybody else was like, you know, clapping.
Yeah.
There's like sitting there.
And the only time they get animated is when they put that stupid thing on the scoreboard.
They're like, oh, yeah.
They're like, oh, yeah.
They're like, oh, yeah.
Like we're impressing somebody with this fake excitement.
You know, it's like faking an orgasm.
Either you felt it or you didn't.
I mean, and all the phony or excitement ain't fool with anybody.
And it's not like any other city where, like, I don't know if you saw the game, but no, um, third quarter,
the panther scored a go ahead goal.
And they took it away from them.
Right.
And, I mean, I'm like jumping them down going crazy.
And you heard like a few booze.
Everything like that.
And a few complaints.
Yeah.
But basically, it was like everybody was like, oh, well, you know, nobody.
Yeah, but when that panther patrol starts throwing those t-shirts when they start slaying
shotguns, those things up into the crowd.
Maybe that's when they go nuts.
You should have seen the people.
You don't have blimp that goes around and drops those pieces of paper.
Right.
You get a free banner.
Right.
You think they were dropping gold.
Yeah.
I mean, these people are knocking each other off.
You know, slipping all over the place, jumping over the seats for you.
A little piece of paper.
Well, welcome to Miami, pal.
We hired the best programming consultants in the business and told them to go to hell.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
New's talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Let me know 6 and W I D.
We're not going to give away the hockey tickets.
I just made up my mind.
I don't care if he brings 400 pier here.
You're going to have to really do a lot of pleading and begging with his performance yesterday.
And again, here today, it is beyond its beyond description.
Dayd lines wide open, man.
All you Julio's out there.
It's all we want to hear from our Julio's and Black people and Oriental Amin Asians.
And Eskimos and Mexicans and anybody else that fits into a minority category.
That's the only way we're going to make it.
All you white people screw off, okay?
What about Das Jews?
Das Jews?
Das Juden?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You Nazi bastard.
You anti-Semite?
I don't use this white Semites.
Arabs are great.
All right.
They call George, all you Jews out there, call them up.
And he's doing this right before Hanukah, too, to really stick it in there.
He's probably going to put up a big cross in one of those things in front of his house.
What do they call those things?
You know, where they have the little Ameri and the Jesus in the hold.
What do they call that?
Shrine?
No, not a shrine.
They have a name for that.
Are you serious?
The glory hole.
The glory hole, right?
Oh, Jesus.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I just wanted to talk about it.
You know what it is.
What do they call it?
Where they have that little display, that Christmas thing out in front of some people's houses?
Nativity.
Then it's Hiviti scene.
Even this guy knows it.
What's wrong with you, George?
You phony, goi?
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Hey, let's, I just wanted to talk about the Panthers a little bit because nobody else seems the one.
They don't give a crap.
They got something good.
They don't even know it.
Whether it's me or the Panthers.
They got something good in their hands and they let it slip right away.
Well, Fat Goldberg, all he wants to do is talk about the dead off and...
You know something I am so sick and tired.
What is there to say about the dolphins?
They suck.
I'm tired of hearing the crying and the whining and Shula's got to go and all of it out.
He said, we know all of that.
So, you know, what's the point of saying?
Look at all that.
We got the first place team they wanted.
Why can't they talk about that?
Right.
And all these people calling for free tickets like that asshole from Boynton Beach.
There's plenty of tickets for sale for crying out loud.
Let them scrape a few bucks together and go and support his team while I'm going here.
Regardless, I've got to get Panther Pack.
I'm so I'm doing.
There you go.
You know what I do about earlier is that Icebreaker Package, which is a great package.
Right.
I got that.
My first game on to this year was the Kings Game on Sunday.
That was awesome.
That must have been great.
Oh.
Where they scored twice in the last seconds of the first and second period.
That must have been done.
You want to know something, Neil?
You are a Robbie Neatermeyer, who was quiet last year.
You weren't sure about this guy.
But, you know, he came out with fire in his eyes.
That's because we got Doug McLean.
That's because we got a coach who can motivate these guys.
He got to qualify for that.
Doug McLean is God.
And anybody who doesn't appreciate him ought to get their ass kicked.
You know what?
You know, I have to admit something though.
I was one of those lame people who didn't go earlier in a year because I said I didn't want to get attached.
I don't want to get my money to Wayne.
Oh, come on.
Now I figured, you know, I'm the one to be missing out.
He's going to do what he's going to do regardless.
And I'm just going to be the one missing out of it.
When you got something good, man, you enjoy it while you're gone.
Exactly.
So I plan to go tomorrow and watch these guys play who actually look like they want to earn their money.
And play for the fun of the game and give it their all every night.
There you go.
So anyway, and you all see tomorrow at the game then.
Okay, bring your rats.
All right.
See you.
How do you like that?
There's a nice guy who actually knows what an activity scene is unlike our, you know, you see, you're just a brutal man.
You hate the Jews.
You hate to go in.
You hate the Anglos.
You hate the blacks.
You hate the Spicks.
You just hate everybody.
Okay.
We have an open line in day.
It's 751 and one and one and five, two fours that me.
Anyway, let's go to a Boka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Okay.
Welcome back.
Uh huh.
You still got that problem with your feet smell.
Do I have a problem with my feet smell?
Yeah, I heard you talk about it.
No matter if I put those, I put those, what do they call those things?
A red or?
Yeah.
No matter if I have my shoe smell great and I've been walking around all over Europe into miles and miles and miles and they smell pretty nice.
Oh, yeah, I was going to play your cards.
Great.
I'll let you come over here and take a sniff.
I was going to offer you a grade for something I make out of the place I work.
What is that?
Yeah, it's called freshie feet.
Freshie feet?
Yeah, the spray you spray on me.
USDA sounds real sweet.
Before you put your shoes on.
Yeah.
You spray your feet or your shoes.
Spray your feet and then put them in the shoes.
Yeah.
Well, that's generally the way you do it.
You put your feet and your shoes.
You spray your feet with this stuff first.
Yeah.
Is it like desks in X?
No, it's got a, uh, kills the odor.
So in other words, you could like spray anything.
You could spray your nuts with it.
Yeah, you could spray your nuts if you wanted.
Before Christmas time, right?
It removes odors, colds and relieves the aches and pains in your toes.
It makes them feel real good.
Thor, if you have like a drug problem, you could spray your crack with it.
Probably.
Okay.
I don't know if it's a fight.
Well listen, I'll listen to him but again.
Freshy feet.
Freshy feet, where can I buy it?
I don't know where you can buy it in Florida.
I have to look up.
Well what do you mean by that?
You sell it?
Yeah.
I could bring you some.
Well what do you mean you don't know where you can buy it?
I have to think because we're all manufacturing.
I have to find out who the distributor is.
Well I'm trying to give you a nice plug in lieu of tickets which I don't have yet but
you don't have the tickets?
Not yet.
Why is that what you're on the line now thinking you're going to get tickets?
I thought I was.
You sound so depressed.
I am now.
I'm not getting any tickets.
I didn't say you weren't getting any.
How about some tickets?
So when are you going to bring me your freshy feet?
I could bring it to the game tomorrow.
I can get some tickets.
That would be a good deal.
All right.
Should we give this guy some tickets?
Now what if Jeff Moss don't show up?
Then we can give this guy the guy's number from Boynton Beach, your friend Ed.
Okay hang on pal.
And don't forget my freshy feet.
All right.
Okay.
Line 7, there's our first pair which Jeff Moss didn't even hear you.
See that's all he wants.
This audience is just a bunch of suckers man.
They just suck and suck and suck and suck and suck.
Please please we want something.
We don't care what you got.
Just give it to us.
There you go.
Jesus Christ what's wrong with you people?
My God we used to have fun on this show.
We used to have a radio station here.
And lately I'm going a shot just trying desperately to figure out what it takes in a market
where there are no people left who speak English except 10 free loaders.
And these people figure if they're going to have to live here the rest of their lives
they might as well start doing a good imitation of the cemetery village people and be free
loaders baby.
What do you got for me?
That's it.
We have an open line on the green line 1-800.
Don't forget Jeff Rimmer is going to be here tomorrow morning at 10.
We're going to talk about five minutes of hockey and then he's going to rip QAM and
AS for two hours.
I don't want to put words in his mouth but he's going to rip them a major AS.
He's going to tell you the story behind the story of the people who really own that radio
station.
A vote of back stabbing two-faced son of a bitch Hank Goldberg is he is really going
to let it all hang out here tomorrow.
And by the way fat Hank he'd be more than happy to tell to you to your face or Zagaki
either or both.
Okay.
If the eyebrows or the fat ass didn't get in the way.
The entertainment radio 610 WIOD.
Stench of palminor covers over this performance by The Dolphin.
Here comes Armageddon.
We're going to have some fun.
Here comes Armageddon.
Everybody grab your gun.
Yes.
Nuclear bombs exploding.
Your flash will melt right off.
I get eroding.
A cancerous bloody cough.
Here comes Armageddon.
We're going to have some fun.
Here comes Armageddon.
Everybody grab your gun.
People starving in the street.
You can flesh for me before horsemen come and dawn.
Here comes Armageddon.
Oh my god.
Put on a happy face.
Here comes Armageddon.
The end of the human race.
1117 WIOD.
So anyway, allegedly there's a thing in a herald about Aaron the sex pitch.
Oh you saw it.
Where is it?
I noticed we had a lot of response about that.
I'll tell you one thing.
You know all we got to do is get a full page of the newspaper and a phone just ring off
the hook.
Hey you see that thing about the sex pitch into paper?
No.
Absolutely.
Positively nothing.
Unless you hear the rumors inside the building you hear nothing.
I got you down.
Here's and by the way she's off in Tampa.
I guess you should know that and last it is off in Tampa and the hooter girls and Gary Spivey
and Ron and Ron are still on but watered down and here's the sex pitch again.
Where?
Flip it around.
Oh my god.
Look at that.
Oh Jesus.
It's in the light.
The living section of the herald which is kind of an oxy moron for this town to have a living
art section, living anything section.
Aaron Summers says her lipstick and personality don't match her.
So anyway it's the thing about lipstick.
Do they have the kind that Josh Moral wears in a young and a horny?
Oh guess what?
In one of the European magazines you'll never guess speaking of a young and a horny who's another
male model in there from a couple of years ago.
Give you one guess.
No.
Yes.
How do you like that?
That born again, Faggot.
Who the hell is he kidding?
Huh?
What those dimples in there?
I know why he's got those deep incisions in his cheeks.
So anyway, how to read your lipstick.
The shape of your used lipstick may reveal your personality since Cynthia Chris Christ, Houston
Cosmetologist and X makeup for the TV show Dallas.
And it's got a whole song of dance here, man.
And you talk about how boring things must be in this world today.
We got to have a whole page here about lips talk.
And all depending on how your lipstick looks, how about your chapstick?
Huh?
How about manages chapstick?
It's got like a solid indentation.
Does that mean he's been given Brian extra?
So anyway, here on the bottom, Aaron Summers says her lipstick and personality don't match.
Aaron Summers, host of Passionphones, the Colin Secksho on WYOD from 8 p.m. to midnight Mondays through Fridays.
Lipstick.
Slant keeps close to original tip shape.
She likes the shape of that tip right on her lip.
Her lipstick says great follower.
She says no way I consider myself a leader mainly because I'm a control freak.
Doesn't matter if the it's holding the remote or making a grocery list, I want control.
She wants to hold it tight.
If we're buying sour cream, I want the lights are cream, not the fat free, not the regular.
And I want the public's brand.
Her lipstick says someone reserved.
She laughs and says,
oh sure, if you can only see what my husband and I did with the chandelier this morning.
Maybe they mounted it.
Oh my god, you see this is what gets into paper is this bitch again.
And I wonder who wrote the list, the one who wrote that wonderful article about me and the ad kids die.
We love you, Liz.
Nobody's perfect.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Near, how you doing?
Okay.
I wanted to ask you, what do you think it's going to take to motivate this city to get behind the pan?
Not going to happen.
You don't think so.
Absolutely not.
Because I mean, it's ridiculous.
Not going to happen.
You're the one to turn me on to the panthers.
I've got season tickets for them.
How are we going to motivate them to panthers when I can't even motivate them to call unless I'm given something away for free?
You can't motivate the people in the stout.
It cannot be done.
It cannot be done.
I mean, because I've been going to do it.
The only way you're going to do it is if you give them something for free in order to buy the ticket.
Give them something of the value of which is more than the cost of the ticket, in which case Wayne will be moving by this weekend.
Well, they go nuts and what you said is true.
They go nuts when the fools come out from the panther packs.
I mean, those people go absolutely nuts.
That panther, patrolman, those people should be shot right there in the arena.
That's how disgusting they are.
They're objectionable and the whole routine, the whole ambiance of that crap is disgusting.
It's the same routine.
Yeah.
I mean, it's the same routine game after game and the people still going nuts.
Like, doing a poor imitation of those guys in a clockwork orange.
Malcolm McDowell is embarrassed from it.
Well, you know, it's just, I've been saying, you know, what to do to move.
For those damn things that they were in and those crotch.
What do they call that?
Cod pieces.
Cod pieces.
Yeah, see it was something that's why I asked because I knew it was something finally.
He could answer.
George knows his Cod pieces.
You don't know about his nativity scene, but he knows his Cod piece.
You know, I took an employee of mine who's Mexican that never been to a hockey game.
And he was still riled up and he was fired up and you see the people around.
And it's just like, I don't know if they're intimidated to get up and shout.
You know, but the same thing is happening at the heat.
I don't know if you've been to the heat game.
No, I have not and never will.
Never will.
I don't want to see a bunch of 7 foot 2 freaks.
You know, the same thing happens at the heat game and the same thing is going on with the panthers.
You know, and this is Miami.
Don't you understand?
You're starting to sound like me now.
You're trying to make chicken liver out of chicken crap.
You cannot do it.
This is a crappy place, man.
It's a crap hole because I mean, if this was any other city, yes, that follows hockey and with the panthers, you know, kicking it.
But it doesn't.
It doesn't.
You know something.
If you go to a game, you try talking to the people sitting around you about the game and they don't even know who the players are.
They have no understanding of what it's about.
They still only applaud when they announce the beas are there because it's the only player they know.
It's the hasn't changed.
It hasn't changed in three years.
Sir, it hasn't changed in three years.
Neil, the only reason they applaud is because it's the name that you've mentioned.
The name that they know, but like you say, talk to them about the actual game of hockey.
They don't know about it.
They have no idea.
The only icing they know is on the birthday cake.
That's it.
And it's a shame because the panthers are giving this time blows.
Okay, they don't deserve the panthers.
Well, they're giving 100%.
You've got their panthers.
They deserve to pull a plug on them tomorrow.
I'm going to tell you that.
They deserve to have Wayne move them out to Nashville just to stick it up their ass.
Do you think they're starting to like Wayne a lot more by the minute the more I think about it?
They deserve to be screwed by Wayne or anybody else who wants to screw them.
Stick it to them Wayne.
Have you ever been...
And by the way, the rumor has it that Jeff Lawson and Chris Moore are doing it, by the way.
Neil, have you ever talked to anybody or have you ever been personally to any of the games and of the mighty...
Yeah, I've been personally to some of the games.
For the mighty ducks?
The mighty ducks?
Yeah.
I mean, have I ever been to Anaheim?
Yeah.
Not recently, not to the mighty ducks.
What kind of would I go to Anaheim for?
You think there is a Mickey Mouse place there?
Do you think the crowd out there is following him?
But that's a different story.
It's a different... those are different people.
Yeah, it goes back to what you're saying that people are going to be doing.
This is a dead place.
It's a dead town, man.
Well, I don't know.
Deadly.
I think the panthers owe you a lot because like I said, I'm sure there's a lot of them.
Yeah, they owe me a lot.
I tell you they wouldn't give me the sweat off Neeter Myers ass.
I'll tell you that right now.
Because Joe Rose is busy collecting it in a bottle.
Well, I know you've turned a lot of people on the Hawk Mizz.
You've turned me on to it.
Yeah. And I'm sure there's a lot of people out there that...
I'm even putting up with Jeff Rimmer tomorrow morning in an effort to try to sell out their remaining seats
and generate some interest tomorrow and again that we should be embarrassed.
We should have standing remotely tomorrow night for the Goddamn Flyers and Eric Lindross
if this town knew a good thing when it was going.
Neeter, the only way that we could be doing this is...
Here's a team that's won 8 million games in a row that's in first place.
They got the hottest other team in a Goddamn league coming in that are as exciting as all get out
and we're sitting here begging please somebody go buy a ticket you ass holds you.
The only way that's going to be standing here is when you get away 4,000 tickets.
Right.
The only way.
Well, we're about ready to do that.
Well, keep with the good Lord.
Have a great life, pal.
See you there.
Okay, Jeff Moss is here.
The coast is clear.
You can call in now.
We got a bunch of tickets you assholes.
Boy do you people make me make me make my stomach churn.
You make my my kishki's just churn and twist.
Even the Isley brothers never twisted and shouted like my kishkis are twisting
from being in this God forsaken toilet of a town.
You give them something good.
You give them gold and they rather have manure.
Hey.
Stench of cow manure covers over this performance by this town.
It's 1125 at WIOD.
Check your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light and 610 WIOD.
Listen every day.
We'll direct you to a fighting in scathe or big daddy's liquor store when the 610 WIOD armored car arrives.
Registration began.
Much time and happy hour locations change every day.
So listen and kick your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light and news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
1129 at WIOD.
Jeff Moss says that that Joe Guy from Boynton Beach is a real asshole.
That's what he said.
Oh, Ed.
Well, whatever the hell is name is, Rose by any other name would still be in assholes.
So we only got eight pair, which means we only got seven left for the game against the flyers tomorrow.
This to me, this is so embarrassing.
The fact that we have to be sitting here the day before that game, giving tickets away to fill up 16 seats.
That I have to put up with Jeff Rimmer for two hours tomorrow by the way.
Jeff Mars hates like poison.
Have him for any of the odds.
Yes, he does.
I'll tell you how much he hates Jeff Rimmer.
He actually gave him that day planner.
The one that's got all the mistaken games, the wrong dates and everything.
He gave it to Chris Moore just to shove it up Rimmer's ass.
How do you like that?
And the guys at QAMC must be getting pretty crowded in there.
Okay, here's Mimey Springs.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Buenos dias.
My name's Jordynneau.
I don't know.
I don't speak that language.
Why not?
Because, you know, I'm just one of these boys that live here.
And you know, I have another language, man.
That's the only way you're going to cut it here.
I don't have enough money to get you.
You know, I'm not one of those guys.
There are no Americans here who are not hyphenated.
Hey, can I smooth first so we can get to the media of the conversation?
What are you going to ask for some hockey tickets?
Yeah, because I love the sport.
Yeah, you do.
You wouldn't know a hockey puck from a bagel.
I've been to a lot of games.
Yeah.
I'm the guy who has the dad who's a blues fan, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, they're doing well.
I understand Roger Nielsen has already had it out with Mike Keenan.
They're having a big to-do over there in St. Louis, which just breaks my heart.
They suck.
It could be another single situation.
But all of that money over there in their second win in last place, and it makes me real happy.
Hey, speaking about Mike Keenan, he should only die a wicked death with Roger Nielsen sitting shotgun.
He's come.
Speaking of spending money, you know, think about it.
If I think it would have kept that 18 million that he spent on the dolphins.
Yeah.
Stuck it in the bank.
He could have broke even on the Panthers for a whole another 12 months.
That's good point.
Think about it.
I say take, I say with draw to salaries from all those guys, they've overpaid football players,
and we could probably build an arena.
There's only one professional sports team in this town.
Yeah, you're just sucking heavy duty minutes to suck this thing.
I've never heard a performance like this.
What happened to Phileus?
Mel is performing.
Hey.
Stench of power manure covers over this performance.
Yeah, you can say that again.
And your feet, man.
You're talking about your call here.
There's two topics that stink, man.
A dolphin can speak.
I can smell her right through the radio.
And that's not even listening.
Phileus yesterday, huh?
What happened to Phileus?
Meaning what?
Correct.
About one.
What was this?
I guess it was about 430.
Because there's no calls.
There's no calls on this radio station.
Don't you understand?
Now I got calls up the S because I got stupid hockey tickets to the oil.
I always thought the line before Moss got there, man.
That's why I got to pray that the panthers never leave town.
Otherwise, I'll never have any calls anymore.
Yeah, but put my ass in the seat because I appreciate it.
And I bought the panthers jersey and I got a panther license plate on my truck
and I'm not talking about the furry one.
You want us to put your ass hole on a seat?
You can put it anywhere you want it.
No thanks.
Hold on.
Thanks, but.
Line two.
I'm going to have to put up with six more assholes like that in order to give away
12 more tickets.
It's almost not even worth it.
Not bad lifesavers, but I like those real hot fruity ones.
What do they call those ones?
Remember I brought that pack in that day flaming fruits?
No, seriously.
I don't know where you get those.
Have you ever seen those?
Oh, those are good, man.
Those talk about tearing your kishki's out.
There's nothing like a good flaming fruit.
That's what Craig Steven said.
Boy, he and Adam, I understand the word is that there's a regular cat fight.
Between Brian Andrews and Craig Steven's over, Adam.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
How about that San Diego game?
Yeah.
I just had a car to let you know that.
Pretty weak.
Well, it was all right.
You know, this is don't you, George?
At least they won.
Yeah.
Neil, you know what?
Actually, I called because I'm trying to get some pants or tickets.
No chance.
I've been going to every day.
No way, Jose.
I'm sorry?
No chance.
Come on.
No way, Alex.
Why not?
I've been to about five games.
About all 30.
All right.
I'll tell you.
We'll give you a pair.
Who you going to bring?
You only needs one.
What's that?
You only need one.
Nobody will go with you.
Well, I don't know.
No, I got my cousin.
I could go with.
Okay.
Can I tell you what?
I'll give you the pair.
If you promise, you don't call again for four months.
Oh, man.
Okay.
Yeah, that's a tough decision right there.
Okay.
Let's get the time around.
Get the clock going.
Well, okay.
That's fair.
Four months.
That's fair.
Take a rest.
Give it a four months.
Okay.
And yours sounds good.
Four months.
Okay.
Hang on.
One and three.
Did I tell you?
I told you that goofball is a comfort.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
It was already on.
You're just playing up to all your Julio friends out there.
Hoping you're going to get a little on the side.
I have them to remember.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
So how many we give away now?
Three.
Three pair.
And we had what?
We had eight pair.
So we got ten tickets left.
That's pretty weak.
George told me he had 15.
If I knew you only come in here with eight pair tickets to your way,
I wouldn't even let you in the door.
Anyway, it's 1134.
How do you laugh about it?
It's the truth.
This man, good friends with Chris Moore.
If Chris Moore could hear what Jeff Moss has said about his on-air performance about how bad his broadcast of Panthers Hockey are, he'd give him back that day planner with a corrected dates on it.
You suck, Chris.
The worst.
Well, I got to remove the lifesaver to do the spot.
But anyway, you know, it's really great here.
I'm at home Sunday.
You can't find the game anywhere on TV.
I'm checking every satellite in the sky for the LA back haul.
I cannot find it anywhere.
And I got to turn on a radio and hear in between periods.
I got to hear 15 minutes about the goddamn NFL scores.
And boohoo, the dolphins blew another one.
That's great coverage.
You guys are doing here on 560 WQAMU suck.
It's what I'm telling you.
That's what Dean Jordan said.
So 1135 at WI.
And by the way, Dean Jordan spent the entire van Coover game sitting with Jeff Rimmer.
I just thought you might not know that.
Just to better watch your ass.
What?
Right up there in the front.
That's right. Right by the goal judge.
In fact, he's the one that put Jodie Hull's goalie.
He put the goal light on.
Right now, some people are moving and shaking.
Some are goofing off and some just watch from the sidelines.
At 610 WIOD news, we focus on the movers and what they make happen.
The best news.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Hey, it's a Senator Bob Dole.
Just going to say you're part of the problem.
So good to hear.
Whoops, guess I'm part of the problem, dude.
Okay, 23 till noon.
Thanks so much, Jeff.
Better luck next time.
And say how to Chris Moore for me.
Let's go to Orlando.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. Welcome back from vacation.
Thanks.
It's ironic you started out your show today talking about laughter and S.U.N.
Mm-hmm.
Because last Thursday when they were playing best of tapes, it was like the first day you went on S.U.N. down there.
All these people called up going, where's my stuff?
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
They played that tape again from three years ago.
And the bird called you.
Jesus.
But it was funny.
I was still laughing about that.
You've been playing the Mandageism's all morning.
The stench of Kalmanur.
Yeah.
There was another one that happened on the 49ers game after it was over.
I don't know if the guy was yelling at Mandage referring to him or the team.
But some guy walks by and goes, you suck.
And Mandage is fumbling with the microphone trying to cover it up.
And you can hear him laughing in the background.
It was funny.
Really?
But he was yelling at Mandage, you suck?
I don't know if they were referring to Mandage or the team.
But not that you have to suck.
But it helps.
It's great hearing you again and you're coming in real good today.
Well, that's great.
And then closing up.
Who bad nobody's listening?
One of the best stuff tapes in memory of Bill from Newport Richie.
Hello.
Okay.
Bye.
You know, somewhere in here I got that, um,
see nobody cares anymore because we don't have any of the audience left.
Who used to listen when we were on SUN?
They don't even know what SUN is.
But somewhere I got that tape that Bill from Newport, oh, here it is right here.
I'll be goddamn, man.
Am I on top of it today or what?
One moment, please.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, golly, oh me.
Lucky here, right here on the old Twinklin' Fennartner.
There are two, two calls on the celebrity line.
And you wonder why he's off the ear now, by the way?
Here.
Good morning, celebrity number one.
How are you, Rose and St. Petersburg?
I got a cold, I'm bad.
Oh, you got a cold, you're bad.
Well, Rose and St. Petersburg allow me to bring in at this time Bill in Newport, Richie.
Either Bill or Newport Richie.
Hello.
Hi, Bill.
Say hello to Rose.
I don't speak to Rose.
Say hello to Rose, Bill.
I speak to Rose.
Rose, say hello to Bill.
What's your problem, idiot?
We just don't see, see what I mean, Bob?
What's the problem here?
What do you want to mean?
Let's try to work this out.
I'll explain to you one thing, Rose.
You're one miserable bitch to lay off me.
Go to hell, Bill, you suck.
Thanks, Rose.
You're a nice woman.
See what a pleasant woman she is.
Love your Bob.
Rose, you're a bitch.
I love it, but she's still alive, Bill.
Okay, it's 1140 at W.I.D.
Those were the days, man, SUV and which they just caved in.
Cox broadcasting, Jessica, they just signed over to Holgodam radio station
to the American Fickle Association.
I want to tell you, man, that Todd, whatever his name is over there,
Todd with the ugly Bob.
There's a guy with some real balls.
There's the guy who epitomizes everything this company stands for,
cowardice and spinelessness and waffling all over the guy at the end place.
And Tom Velvete, the last time we checked his left town,
his number is disconnected.
How do you like that?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Long time with, they're in frequent callers.
I was a geek.
Yeah.
And I'm real glad you're back.
Yeah, me too.
I hate those hate.
Yeah.
Listen, Neil.
I think this town deserves tapes.
I'd like to hear more about Italy.
What would you like to hear about it?
I'd like to hear, well, what is the average cost a day for your hotel and your meals and just a nice hotel?
Well, I can't keep the average cost for a hotel because I stay in a pretty swanky hotel.
My average hotel room was like 240 bucks a day, but you can get a pretty decent hotel
with actually running water a little bit for probably half of that.
I see.
And the meals, how much are they?
Meals are, I would say, for lunch.
About 38,000 lira would be average for two people, which comes out to about $22, 23 bucks for two people.
And what's the best time of year to go there?
The best time of the year to go there is either in May or September, October.
I see.
And what?
Are you going to go?
You know, I'd like to, but of course the budget is always the problem.
Yeah, but let me tell you something.
If you go to one of the bookstores and you find one of those little books where they have those travel on a budget books,
and they list all the inexpensive hotels, not granted.
They're not going to be the swankiest hotels because even the expensive hotels in Europe by our standards are pretty marginal at best.
But that's, you know, how much time are you going to spend in a hotel?
You're going to be doing a sleeping there.
That's right.
That's true.
And they'll give you the ways to get budget fears on a plane if you don't want, you know, if you want to fly coach with all the slabs in area, you know, you can do that.
That's me.
Yeah, well, there you go.
And it's placed there relatively safe.
You can walk the streets there morning, noon, and night, and the only problem in Italy is the gypsies, and all they do,
the worst that can happen is somebody can try to pick your pocket.
And if you just scream at them, get away, get lost, and kick them into mouth, they are run pretty fast.
I see.
Okay, well, listen to me.
Can I possibly have some tickets for the game?
You're kidding me.
I'd like three if I could have them.
Are you listening to this, George?
No, say that again.
Could I have some tickets for the game?
And what did you say after that?
I'd like three if I could have them, but...
We have an open line in Dade, 751 WI-D, a one in the green line.
And I just cut her ass off there.
Okay, hope you have a good time in Rome, sweetheart.
You cheap bitch.
I hope they shove you in cargo.
I hope they put you right back there with the animals that leave big droppings.
Hey!
Stench of cow manure.
Yeah, I hope that's what you sit with for like 10 hours going over and 11 hours coming back, sweetheart.
Could I have some of those tickets?
I don't know what it's all about, but I had...
How about if I could have three?
That, to me, was one of the most...
That was almost as bad as Ed from Boynton Beach.
In fact, if I would have played my cards right, we could have put around hold and given her Jeff Moss' number.
At home, to call Morning Noon a Night for more free tickets.
The Inside Yentaline at Chris Moore's number.
Please mention...
Please mention and get out of town travel.
Who now?
How many tickets did they give us?
They gave us 10 tickets.
And he gave us a total of 16.
So what's your big claim to think that you gave us six crappy tickets for this game tomorrow?
Oh, he drove all the way down here to bring us to tickets.
What do we do?
What a puss.
Thanks to get out of town travel who were the real lifesavers here today gave us 10 pair for the game tomorrow night.
What is that?
Two more.
Two more what?
Oh, so in other words, you're holding back.
You got a stash there in your briefcase.
You probably got tickets up your ass.
Yeah.
Now Chris Moore is there.
Yeah, Chris Moore would know if he ever got his nose out of there.
So what?
What do we got now?
We got six pair left.
We just regained another pair.
Two better that lady might have actually gotten one or two there if I didn't know we had the extra pair.
Not...
Could I have three?
Oh, what a sweetheart.
Could I have three?
Oh my God.
Say a Jeff, get out of here.
See it the game tomorrow night if I'm real unlucky.
And your brother too.
We have an open line and your mama.
And the green line, 1-800-944.
Could I have seven or eight of them because I have these people in for the holidays and they'd be so impressed if I could take them to a...
To a...
A...
A stick game.
What is it?
What did they call it?
To that thing where they put those funny uniforms on with those heavy jocks straps and those silly skates and they get all bundled up and then they have the fist fights on the ice.
And what...
Could I have 20 or 30 pair?
She is what this town is all about.
I have one thing.
Oh, and you know what I forgot to tell yesterday about Paris?
People think that some people in this business are real original and everybody's always ripping them off.
Okay.
I have one of the most amazing scoops you have ever heard in your life.
We're walking the streets of Paris on the second day we were there on Sunday which pretty deserted by the way and thank God for that because it wants to see the French.
There's a woman's clothing store.
The name of the store hold onto your seat.
Is Barbara?
And the last name is B-U-I.
Barbara Bowie.
It took me like a half a second to blurt it out.
Barbara Bowie.
How do you like that?
I love it.
Barbara Bowie stolen from the French.
That a boy Howard.
When you're going to start stealing something from the frogs man you know you're in deep doodoo.
You can almost smell it.
Anyway, it's 1146 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
Approaching critical mass.
Oh yeah, what time is that mass?
1147 at WIOD.
Yeah, I did not go to see the Vatican.
I didn't go see the Pope.
He was busy in Palermo making deals with the mafia so he didn't have time for a private audience.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Nail.
Have you ever been to a Genoa in Italy?
No, I have not.
What a toilet.
I've had some of their salami.
Is it bad?
Oh God.
How about Valonia?
Never been there.
What's wrong with Genoa?
It's real dirty, a lot of heroin addicts.
Really?
Yeah, but the train station is like a shooting gallery in a little park.
Nice.
Well, it makes you feel like you're right at home.
So you didn't see the game on Sunday?
No, I did not.
You missed Needle Mars fight.
Yeah, I heard about that.
He's really butching up this kid.
Yeah, I think I've been good.
A little bit.
Finn got him though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anybody getting a fight with Marty McSorley?
No, I was looking for that, but it didn't happen.
Yeah, I guess Paul lost finally smartened up a little bit.
And I see they're playing him on the wing now.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
Uh-huh.
Neither do they.
How about a couple tickets?
You're going to be there tomorrow?
Of course.
If you get me tickets.
Another Julio for hockey.
Let's have an organization Julio's for hockey.
Maybe we can save this damn team.
Sounds good.
Okay, hang on.
All right.
What happened to him?
Did he get hung up on?
I hope not.
Purple line.
Grab him fast.
He sounds like he might be under the age of 100.
Ask him if he's cute.
Anyway, it's 1148 at WID.
Speaking of that, by the way, don't forget we got the pizza loft appearance.
Too much, he says.
He's what?
Not too cute.
He's not too cute.
Uh, so about those tickets, pal.
So anyway, pizza loft tonight from six to nine o'clock, boy, it's going to be a long day for some of us.
I'll tell you that six to nine o'clock tonight, but it's well worth it because we're raising money for center one.
We'll have the best of Rick and suds.
The best of field.
Henry the best of the T shirts, uh, CDs, cassettes, whatever the hell we got.
They will be there, by the way.
This isn't going to be like the way Rick and suds got stiffed on Saturday, which I or whatever day it was, which I feel really bad for them.
But they ought to be used to what they've been here a long time.
They don't know about our promotions, but they they have been here long enough to remember that Benson's camera thing where we went out and had assigned paper plates.
Because boy, Kurt forgot to pick your cards for us to sign.
We were signing the backs of paper plates that that fat rich had been eating off of.
Well, I wouldn't be surprised picking up eating off of.
I wouldn't be surprised if he shows up on the pizza loft thing the night for free food and guess who was on a plane with Sarah.
When she was either coming back or going up and he was going to New York to visit his son up there, fat rich, she was on a plane sat next to fat rich, which he looked like he got squashed a little bit.
So when and way like I said, pizza loft six tonight tonight and we want all the lovely people of that area to show up.
We're not talking about women. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you happen to hear about Wayne and his use car up?
I heard that this morning coming in on the news. He's starting another new business. This man can never have enough.
I've been asking that question for three years now. When will he ever have enough? And obviously when they stick his ass in the grave.
Yeah, and also it might give you some good material for like use car.
Yeah, that would be a good one for both Brian Wayne's use cars.
And also the lightsaber, you know, when you were like flaming fruits.
Yeah, when you were like second on it before, it's it's seemed pretty good.
Did it? It actually made me want to go and get a little candy in my mouth or something.
Really? And Neil also. Oh, wait till a pizza loft tonight. We're going to be recording that session. It ought to be pretty interesting.
Yeah. And I have a like my cousin is in from Brazil. Yeah. And by the way, I don't have any tickets for the soccer match.
Yeah, okay. But incidentally, you were the one who turned me on a hockey like about a year or two ago.
Yeah. And I was telling my. People are so shannos when you would gravel it.
Anybody's feet just for a little free a handout. Anything from God damn Milky Way bar.
That's kind of true. Yeah, I bet you would. I would. What else would you do?
Well, the lightsaber. Yeah. And what else? So what do you want? You want to? Yeah, I want to appreciate it.
You're the kind of guy sounds like he needs to appear. I really do. Hang on. Thanks.
His cousin from Brazil, who's by way of say, Apollo, who's drag queen is in here.
Line four, take care of that guy. Okay. See, we're giving all these high. Isn't that interesting though?
When I started out before talking about how we need to talk all the minorities because there's no anglos left in town.
And the only we will survive is if we build this gigantic minority audience of geeks and nothing.
But now all of a sudden I got tickets to give away. We got nothing but Julio's out there.
That's all we got. And then one old bag. Could I please have three and she didn't even say please, by the way.
Give me three tickets. God damn it. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Here's one angle that wants to go to the game. Really? Yeah, I do. And you also made my wife a big fan of the game.
If I made so many fans, we ought to have a standing room only every game. We ought to have a standing from here all the way up to.
I also have a brand new jersey to show off. Yeah. And I'd love to go to the game. I may be wrong, but I'm calling every time you can really pan through tickets.
I don't care about this other stuff, but pan through tickets are from I. Yeah. I'd love to go. Have you paid to go to any game? Yes, I have, sir.
You have? Yes, I have. Of course I have. Well, we only came to game. I want to fill it up. You lost them. Okay. I believe you. I'm easy.
I bought the icebreaker package. I went. I got tickets. I already have tickets the last game of the years that Rangers. Yeah.
And I also have tickets to the red wings when they come to town. Oh, Jesus. What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong. That should be pretty.
Pretty exciting. If you like Russians, well, that's February. We're still being first place. We'll still be in the league. We'll still be in town. Hopefully. Okay. Hang on, pal. I'll see you tomorrow. Thanks. What?
Line five. Take care of that guy. Okay. This should be done in noon. What what do we got left now? It's all gone. We got four three. What is that? We got three pair left.
Yes. Speaking of Jason, do you know he still works here? I was sitting up here with him five, right? He was on five and you hung up on him. No, I did not hang up on him. W. I. D. Yeah, I can hold for now.
This is not the same guy, right? That I was just talking to. No. Okay. No, you're gone. Your history. We got to open up that line and let that guy call back. I did not hang up with him. I put my fingers specifically in the right spot that he hung up.
But he hang up. He ain't going to hang up. But I'm going to give him a free pair. Come on, pal. You got to do it fast. Five, two, four. I don't think he was on five. See, you're like, we got two different things going on here. We have a show and we got a show within the show. Is that him? W. I. D.
Hi, Neil. Is this you? No, somebody else. Oh, too bad. Five, two, four, nine, four. So we've got to take care of that guy first. How do you know he was on five? Why are you so positive? He was on the only line that I don't have written on the menu here on the computer. Yeah, the line that you told me to go to. Yeah, I can get to it. It was flashing.
What the hell is that all about? W. I. D. No, that ain't you. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Hey, we can kill another two hours with this. All right. There's a method. My madness pal boys. It hot and here is at me. It is just molding. Huh? Okay. That what? Okay, you got him. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. Hey, by the way, while we're laying the label up again. Don't forget the R.
The summer truck is going to be in just a few minutes. It's going to be a big daddy's Flanagan's a 20. No, it's not. It's going to be a Flanagan's bar in grill. How about if we cross off like the previous day on here?
So we got some idea. A boy nice going. Flanagan's bar in grill 15, 15 Northwest Lijoon Road, not Lijoon Road. I cannot stand people who say Lijoon Road. Okay.
There are more arms. They're going. 15, 15 Northwest Lijoon Road and the best Weston in Miami. No wonder one this afternoon as
in surely where you can go there and fill out the entry blank and register and to kick you away the Super Bowl contest courtesy of
Miller Light and the life is good and W. And then from five to six this afternoon in Flanagan's 15, 50 West 84th Street in
Ohio. Leah. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, right? Okay, pal? Hey, listen, I got to say something. I'm an entertainer. I play. You're always at the racetrack. And I'm always playing the piano over across the street from the
palm air hotel. Yeah, for the, you know, uh huh. Palm air. Oh, crazy. But I have to tell you, I work every night and every morning playing a piano. So I never get an
opportunity to see the pants. But Wednesday night, I've got a night off. Do you really? And I would ask for a
lot of these. So I'm pleased. Let me. We'd hate to, we'd hate to be responsible for you losing your job and screw it off
tomorrow. I'm off tomorrow night. I've left it. But I love it. How did you swing that? How did you just happen to be off
on the night when the pants is your plan to fill it off your diet? I don't know. I don't know. Just fell into a bucket of crap, huh?
You can come over there all the time and say and enjoy some music. I'll pass on that. Here's a guy who fell into a bucket of it.
Hey, yeah, you smell it. All right. Hold on before you talk your way out of it. All right. All right. Line seven. So whatever happened, that guy never called back.
Oh, that guy's going to hate us like poison. Now it was George's fault. Whoever you are was George's fault. Just like that.
Ed and Boiton Beats to drove all the way down here. That poor son of a bitch drove all the way down here. Do you know how far that is from Boiton Beats down here to W.
D. W. D. In the middle of death row drove all the way down here. No tickets. Wasn't he given a crappy meal at the pizza lock? My God.
200, not even a good, not even a good meal at the pizza lock to give one of those discount pizzas from like last week.
Man, you talk about having no gratitude for our faithful audit. And then he gives him Jeff Moss's home number so he can call him up and bug the hell out of him, which he has, by the way, several times of good going, George.
How now so where does this leave us? Where are we? This is not this is not my idea of doing a talk show, by the way. This is not my idea of doing a radio show. This blows.
Yeah. And every line every line is live and Phil Henry is losing it right on the year. My good friend Phil Henry, one of the great talents in the history of the medium is losing it right here before your eyes because this radio station is going down the toilet.
And our program director is going around saying, Hey, there's nobody here who speaks English. Like that's something new. That's a brand new thing that just started since he arrived on the scene, right?
Here's the North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. All right. I'm big bro and span big hockey pan and job. Well, you should be pretty depressed. They suck. I know. I know. Well, they blow.
They stink about the Patriots beating up on the dolphin. I like that. I like the Patriots beating up on a bill's the other day scoring 22 points in the
fourth quarter and 15 points in last minute and a half. I thought was pretty damn exciting, even though I didn't see it. Yeah,
fancoats is finally catching up on some touchdowns. Yep. And I've led so I don't know. You think they're going to chance to make the playoff? No. You don't think so?
Oh, if they won all their last four games, but it ain't going to happen. They're too inconsistent. Well, I think no chance. They'll beat No Orleans. Yeah, maybe
Buffalo will definitely lose the 49ers. Yeah. And Miami's definitely going to lose to Atlanta and Buffalo and Kansas City. Yeah. Yeah.
Like I said, there's a chance. But anyways, listen, I've been to a hockey game down here. The Bruins last year. Yeah, and I know they're coming up this year.
If I can't go tomorrow night, will you possibly begin tickets for the Bruins? Hey, the way things are going now. We'll probably have tickets for games that aren't even on a schedule yet.
I don't know. I mean, you think we're going to sell off the Bruins game. We can't even sell off the fires with Eric Lindross. We can't sell out that game. Have you been to the fleet area?
Up in Baltimore? No, I have not. I heard it's really beautiful. Yeah, I've been down all I know is I've seen a few of the Bruin games on TV. And I see lots of empty seats.
Yeah. So they're selling the they're selling the tickets, but there's a lot of people not showing up. They had their first nonsello for a selfie scan. How do you like that? 13 years? What is that all about? I don't know.
Did the selfie time going back? No, it's just going around, man. I'm telling you all those forces in big trouble. People aren't catching on to it. It's in big trouble. Let me
ask Edmonton Euler's lowest they had like 9,000 people for a game this couple of days ago. The lowest attendance in the history of the franchise.
Can I ask you to watch some caps 8,900 people last week? Let me ask you something. Why why does why would Wayne Heisinger want to pull the pants?
I don't know because he wants to make the 50 million from selling the team and he's losing his ass. That's why because all he cares about is the money.
But if people will go to these games, but they're not. I don't know. They've got a first place team, but they're not going.
What kind of loyalty are these people? You're talking about Miami and loyalty. Check out the UM attendance, pal. I don't know. I'm loyal to my team and you know, I don't understand it.
Welcome to Miami, pal. The rules are different here. I thought you wanted to go to the bronze game. I'd like to see the fly.
All right, hold on and lose the accent. All right, lie to it. I'll lose that.
The longer you listen, the bigger your attitude. 610 W I O D Miami Ford Lauderdale. Mostly cloudy with a slight chance of showers high around 85, 79 right now next news update one o'clock.
Bulletin that one. I'm Jennifer Ramm. News talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D.
Hey,
stench of pal manure hovers over this performance by the Dolphins.
But the mood I'm not just foul and distasteful, but dolphins are cursing in man. It's distraightful because Brian Cox
and the rest of them are saying. They're not.
Words of love they toss in the microphone, but the duck button just can't seem to be left alone in all of this is because they like saying.
But they play football badly.
How did the patriots kick their ass?
So much.
Well,
well,
they make it to the super bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as there.
They want that tossing our hopes down the stairs.
Oh, man.
I'm not just foul and distasteful, but dolphins are cursing in man. It's distraightful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying.
I suck my.
Make my.
Oh,
yes, they're saying.
I'm not.
Make my.
Mother.
Well, they're saying.
I'm not.
Make my.
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Shit Damn you want the ****.
All right.
Did you
let's understand.
Now let's do trivia.
They like that.
They like playing little games trivia.
Or dissociation.
Spell this.
Miss Fel Land.
That's what the rent now is like fun and games, mostly the games part, and especially winning something on the other end.
Oh,
We got a certificate. We got a six pack. We got a four pack. We got a two pack. We got a one pack. We got a no pack.
We got an O pack.
This Saturday, December 2 will be at the borders in Fort Lauderdale for their grand opening at 2240 East sunrise right next to the Galerie in Fort Lauderdale.
And Phil Henry is going to be there. He'll probably beat the crap out of most of you because of your indifference and lack of days of latitude. Rick and Suds are going to be there. I'll be there. One to three this Saturday, December 2 for center one.
46,786 is the running total right now. I have a feeling that after the night at pizza lot in the next couple of days, we're going to be right on at 50,000 mark right at the end of November. Right according to where right on schedule.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Sure is hello. How come that won't go on air? Are you on air? What did I do to it? I don't think the phone wants to put them on. W-I-O-D. Here you are.
Hey, I'll trade you. I'll give you a name of a place to stay in Las Vegas with your love. Yeah, same troll pack.
I've already been there. Thanks. We have an open line in day 751. Central Pace Weets. It's right on a harmon. Avenue right across from the Hard Rock Cafe. I know Vegas like to palm my hand, baby, but nice try.
How do you like that? Central Pace Weets. I stayed there two or three times. It's a really nice place. You have your own little suite, your little apartment. You drive, have your own park and spot right in front. There's a nice convenience store on the corner there.
It's great. What more could you want? Write an appointment of Harmon and Paradise. I know it well, baby. Don't start giving me a song and a dance by next to me giving me instructions on where there's a good McDonald's in Rome. Okay. I want to find a good trot to Ria.
At the cafeteria trot to Ria in high alia. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello.
You have what?
I don't know. What do you have?
I have to get some.
Great.
Yeah. They're in real tea. So I'll bring a tea towel for my nose blade. Okay. Handsome binoculars and some oxygen.
Yeah. But you're in put there in 2 30, which is basically I think mid court. Mid court. Yeah, that can't be too big.
Uh huh. No. You think okay? Mid court should be good. You'll be right near the basket. Good. I don't know what's it. Now I see I'm not a real hockey player.
That's okay. Just to put your ass in the seat. We need lots of answers. Most of the most of the people there know nothing about it either. So you don't have to feel bad.
Nobody asking you question. And I guess there's no sense of bringing a rat into that hallway.
Unless you got a good arm. No, not that.
I don't have some scouts there. I don't know. But I'm really looking forward to this. You know, it's your first game.
Now we went to about 5 last year. Yeah. I understand a little bit about it. I'm not real up on it. You know, not like you or some of the guys.
That's for sure. Yeah. But I really enjoy it. It's really fun to watch. And basically, I'm looking forward to it. And then I hear the Philadelphia players. It's really great.
They're pretty exciting. Yes, they are. So keep your eye. Keep your eye on number 88. 88. Okay.
What's that number? It's the young and the beautiful. For the Panthers, 44, 24 and 88. There you go.
And if you're really lucky, 22, which is the next, he won't be playing cadalsky. So forget about him. Okay, but 44. It's pretty good. He's pretty good.
Okay. I'll be looking for 44 and 88 and 14. Stu Barnes and 12. Jodi. Hell. I already kind of mad. 27 Scott Melon being the rats. What is it?
What sort of matchup matchup matchup would do to you before we're away. Yes, they do. They try to try to get the certain lines against other lines. Yeah. The coach is trying to do that as much as possible.
Yeah. I'm going to read up a little more of this.
You know what?
You know what?
It's exciting.
It's fun.
It's really great.
I think it's fun.
And when it comes to this town, you can find something exciting and fun.
You've got a West season.
Hey, there you go.
I mean, after the Dawson thing.
Exactly.
Well, I'll see you there.
I'll be there.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay, she'll be there tomorrow night, right at center court.
We have an open line in day 7519-463.
Of course, that's where you catch all the good t-shirts from the Panther Patrol.
It's right there by the foul line.
You can't get any fouler than the Panther Patrol.
God, those guys, you're right.
They do that pointing that, oh, God.
And you're going back from one side to the other.
Yeah, we want the t-shirts.
We want the freaking t-shirts.
God, did it.
12 minutes past noon at WYOD.
Did you know you can buy a Miami Dolphins football helmet for only $9.99?
Well, I guess the price on Dolphins in the paraphernalia is going down.
It's true, though, but even has the official logo of America, folks.
Okay, 12-18.
Nothing I can do about it.
Let's go to a sweet water.
Hello.
Cooper City final.
Yeah.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
They suck.
I don't know.
Off-duty porker.
A bitch, no less.
Not a guy, even, but an off-duty.
Try to throw her weight around.
Try to show how macho she is.
Well, you know, those high heels are rolling around, feel.
That's probably it.
I got tickets for tomorrow, but I'm not.
Always beware of a woman in a business suit and high heels.
How they look at the start of brawl.
This town is pushed, please.
Yep.
I mean, we got cat-rily.
I'm a basketball family, though.
That's unfortunate.
We got cat-rily.
And we can't even sell the arena for basketball games.
Are you sure they're not selling out?
They're not.
Well, they have lost four games, you know.
They haven't won every game.
Well, I mean, you know, the T-steves up in the court.
I mean, they're tall, they're.
Really?
There's nothing that...
Oh, you know what I mean?
No, I have not.
Because I know the first couple of games they were pretty close to sell out.
Pretty close, but they haven't sold out yet.
I know that the Kings game was the first sell out for the Panthers.
I'm talking about the heat.
Well, you know, I understand that heat hadn't sold out for yet.
They're not going to unless...
Seriously?
Unless maybe the bulls are a land of...
Unbelievable.
Wow.
And they wonder why Wayne wants to pick up even as much of a scumbag as he is.
They wonder why he wants to pick up and get out of here while he's still, you know, he's solving.
Well, he still has his last 900 million.
And another thing that crossed me is the football game, you know, the net worth has to buy like the last thousandths or the last 500ths.
I mean, you hear that in the paper every Friday.
I mean, it's just twisted twisted.
Very well.
Welcome to Miami, sir.
Go Panthers, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Bye.
I told you we could milk that last pair for hours and hours, probably till the middle of the Phil Henry show.
Well, we have an open line in date, 7519 463 751 WIB.
See, the sad part of it is, is if this town loses any of its fourth franchises, which for a long time, all we had lose the dolphins.
But if they should lose any of the other three franchises, it takes a major part.
I mean, we still have the parachungal.
We still have the aquarium.
In fact, the parachungals expanded on to a Watson Island now, have any of these something they're doing over there.
We got the monkey Joe.
We got the, uh, uh, Miss Kaya.
We got, uh, um, what we got?
Metro zoo.
Run, uh, what's his name down there doing it with the animals.
And that's it.
And we all went to happen to think about Brian Norcross.
Did I toss that thing?
Somebody sent me the clipping about Brian Norcross, who now says he may have go into news.
He wants to be an anchor like on the Queen Mary.
They're just going to drop his ass overboard.
I think they're going to be in for a big surprise because an anchor can't float.
But anyway, Brian, uh, it was a Tom Zick column by the way.
And Tom just licked and licked and licked from head to toe.
Man, you talk about playing favorites.
You talk about sucking around and, you know, building him up again about the brilliant job he did during Hurricane Andrew.
And how the entire country was there like, uh, unbended knee and all this other crap.
God almighty, Jeff, you are just the, uh, it's just amazing.
Just astonishing.
The kind of characters we got in this town, the cast of characters.
But Maurice Faray and Joe Carrroyo, they're shaking hands.
So it goes to show you a bird's and a feather sucked together.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, yeah.
1221, a W.Y.O.D.
Enjoy the best of racing has to offer it.
This message, a message of peace like, uh, how about a little, is there a talk on by?
Like it, like it would look.
A lot of old friends, Christmas is a time of hoot, time of joy, the time of eleven.
And I share with a lover, say, slice that feature you got there.
Like it, what would watch?
No, no, no, no.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family.
And family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass you that sounds a bit, which please.
Well, it's like, I'm going.
Now just a little slater here right now.
You know, I'm maybe a big star.
Make it too big.
But ain't nobody's so big, you can't reach out a helping hand.
Or a helping, uh, a hand.
Well, would you, hand me a helping of those, my stator's over there, which please, like it.
Like it, am I.
Now I was playing with them.
Ain't nobody's so big, you can't stoop to help a friend of me to go with a holiday of season.
I speak in a season, it won't pass me that soul-sugar, can you give it to him?
Like it.
Yeah, just, just those screw the color, that's right.
Like I don't know.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a trip from old, A.O. and us?
Now I'll leave those steak tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
Thank you.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's great big family.
You know God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror, I'd have to say God must be a big, big son of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I like it here.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know all that whomema's Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter, no what I mean?
I like it here.
I'm going to remember that.
1229 at WIOD, man, look at that phone.
It's just bursting at the scene's baby.
Every line on there is ringing like religiously like with importance.
Like with urgency letters.
That one last para.
And look at the way I've milked this for already a half an hour.
And guess what you ain't seen nothing yet.
Okay, just name me 14 dead game show host.
And you got the pair.
Okay.
Bill Columb doesn't count Alan Luddon doesn't count.
but Bert Convey doesn't count.
Blood Collier doesn't count.
Gary Moore doesn't count.
Come on.
Dead game show hosts are Fleming.
Nobody told him yet.
Any others?
And you don't even know who Bert Convey was.
That to me was shocking.
That though, that's, I'm embarrassed for you.
The only game show host I can name is Wink Martin Dale.
Wink Martin Dale also dead.
He doesn't know yet either.
His teeth are still alive.
The rest of him dead.
How about Jack Barry?
There's another one.
Nice going, Neil.
I'm getting pretty close to winning that pair of tickets.
How many of them up to now?
About six or seven?
Only seven to go.
Come on.
You can do it.
Jack Barry, he's dead.
How about Sonny Fox, the one from the $64,000 challenge?
One of the shows that was picked.
He's dead.
Not the one from Magic.
How about Hal March, $64,000 question before you were born?
He's dead.
Up to nine or 10 now, getting pretty warm.
I can smell those tickets.
Hey.
Yeah, you can smell them.
I don't want to say where they've been.
You can smell them, Mandage.
OK, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
I think you need to lubricate it.
It might be.
Yeah, the job.
Yeah.
Now put a straw in there and a first bird.
Yeah.
Yeah.
After they do that, then maybe they can flush them.
And then when they flush them, then they
can work down to the pole's pose out.
And then maybe you can get to the job site.
OK.
And that's that it.
All right.
There's the first good call we had.
He didn't want no tickets.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463.
What did he say?
Hey.
That's what I thought he said.
Here is West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing there?
OK.
What the hell is that guy talking about?
I don't know, but I liked it.
Hey, I'm a novotockey fan, too.
And I'm up here.
I've seen a couple of Baracudos game on the floor.
Well, we don't want to disappoint you.
Why is the minor league team scoring so much higher
than the professional teams?
I look at the scores.
They're always eight to six.
Well, because they play more wide open,
they don't play as much defense.
They're not as much hitting.
There's the, you know, it's just not on the same skill level.
I noticed they're on hand of the puck as well.
They're like, when on a fast break or whatever they call it.
And they don't have the gold tender.
That's true.
It's course and speedy goal.
Although Chris Joseph is playing for Las Vegas.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you like that?
That's good.
The Baracudos are there.
They were the players last year.
They won two straight, uh, Sunshine Hockey League title.
Great.
Go Baracudos.
They're not leaving town.
That's great.
No, not this week.
Good.
Any chance you see the big boys?
No, no chance.
OK.
OK.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-944-946-31800.
See, he took it easy.
He wasn't pissed off.
He wasn't surely just said, is there any chance?
And I said, no, he's OK.
It's OK.
I can handle it.
I can relate to it.
We got the Baracudos.
Who needs your goddamn, uh, uh, rats?
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How about Groucho Mark?
He's really good.
You bet your life.
Very good.
That's right.
Groucho Mark's is good.
Anybody else?
Uh, how many do I need for the tickets?
Three more.
Three more.
Yeah.
Uh, nope.
I'm stumped.
How about just a quarter of a second?
How about a third?
How about a third?
We'll send you one in the mail.
So your mail, man, don't just sniff that mail.
We have an open line in Broward.
5249-463524.
Yeah, most of the game.
Now, how about the John Charles Daily?
What's my line?
You never saw that show.
See, unless you got the game show channel, which, uh, huh?
Things are briefly.
Yeah, but Dorothy Killgallon.
She's dead.
Arlene Frances, she might as well be.
Then it's her.
He's long dead.
What's the show that Henry Morgan used to be on?
To tell the truth?
You know, you punk.
What do you know about life?
OK.
What do you know?
You know, like friends, do you think that's a show?
Yeah, there was an old movie.
There was no reason.
What's that?
I was just a little bit of that.
Yeah.
What's an old radio show?
Henry Morgan with it.
What was it?
I don't remember.
Oh, oh, that's great.
I think, can you talk this?
Was it an old radio show that he might have been in with Benitzer?
And somebody, uh, Kaufman, I can't think of what Kaufman's first name was.
Abe Kaufman, the old Jewish comedian.
Lots of old.
OK, how about dead Jewish comedians?
Jackie Leonard.
Ed Wynn.
Come on, dead old Jewish comedians.
Ed Wynn.
Ed Wynn.
Ed Wynn.
Ed Wynn.
Yeah, many Bruce.
And you've ruined someone in.
Lenny Bruce.
Not old enough in that Jewish enough.
Um, see Lenny Bruce, it's just, you're just in a time warp.
Yes.
Exactly.
Old dead Jewish comedians.
Notenboro and George Burns getting close.
Jackie Mason.
Jackie Mason getting real close.
What about the guy that was up in, uh, four lottery all the time?
He wasn't Jewish.
The guy that we can never think of his name.
At the cheap motel up there in four lottery.
He's been doing that routine for years for about a hundred years.
What is it?
And he rocked.
Yeah, my, he rocked the turd.
My, he rocked the turd.
He might as well be.
He probably will be soon.
Here's a mobile at home, steady.
I'm in a lot of ways.
It has Jack Belly.
Time in Roth.
Yeah.
There you go.
Uh huh.
And then see if you want to get out of here, study.
We have an open line in Broward.
5249463524.
I think we pulled off a major miracle.
You're already 1235 in time for the next break.
And we are milking this baby man.
It's just incredible.
If the farmers of America could milk their cows like this.
We'd be drinking it like, uh, it would be like a dime a gallon.
Okay.
Now what do we got on the, I'm going to hurry.
They've got this quentin, whatever this creeps name would have blonde,
which is a really, it's another throwaway today.
None of the good stuff.
1235 at W.I.O.D.
You're used to be mighty good station in, can.
We got that one big pair hanging on there.
And luckily we got a lot of people I want to just talk to,
wish to make a lot of good old sounds on here, which is good.
We like that a lot.
Here's dear field.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Good to speak with you actually.
You know what you mentioned, cadolpathy.
And back in days when I was in real estate coming up on this season.
We rented a place to him.
Yeah.
And over the past two days, I really about to say what I'm buying.
Contract that.
How much pain is he still going to pay the rent?
I doubt it.
No, thanks.
No, we either.
First he's got to pay for the teeth.
You know, it's been a little while.
It's always the number one expense for these hockey guys is paying for teeth.
Well, I can appreciate that.
I've had a couple of bucks on my throat, you know, once a fight.
And, uh,
Well, whatever, yeah.
How the weekends go?
What's going on with the weekends?
I mean, you know, you go away on vacation and you get paid.
Which is great.
I mean,
I'll do nothing.
Anything that's better than Chris Baker, I mean, come on.
Yeah, like I said, they're pretty good.
Exactly.
And the weekend?
What do they do on a weekend, beside the usual track?
Oh, it's all trash.
I turned off.
I mean, I've ever listened to Aaron Somers on a weekend.
Well, I think that explains it.
Now, that sums it up.
The last time I've been to a hockey man.
Yeah.
Was one of the nights, was one of the hockey old maddeners, was playing hard.
He was where I wanted.
Yeah.
Is there any way you can help me out?
Okay.
14 dead Jewish comedians.
You got 20 seconds.
Can I back to Tia?
Huh?
Try to back to Tia.
15 seconds.
Looks like I'm out of the picture.
Please help.
Tell.
I don't call you and I'll never ask you for anything in the world.
Five.
Neil, I'll talk to you.
Three.
I promise I'll come to your space.
Two.
Oh, sorry.
I lost track.
We have an open line of 5249463524.
W. I.
Would you?
See what I want to hear about the old Madison Square Garden because that's old stuff like Ed
Win and Eddie Cannon.
Nobody cares about that.
Let's talk about somebody more contemporary like Yuri Brewer, Ileini Bruce.
Yeah.
I see Paul is on here with this bitch boy.
A young and a horny house disappointing.
I guess we're going to go into a long stalemate now while a jury continues to deliberate.
Even the OJ jury didn't deliberate this long.
Isn't that the way it works once they have sex?
They don't come back to them for like a month.
Is that what it is?
Isn't that formula?
Yeah.
He takes a long time to build up again.
Here's a Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
That's what Matt said.
Pretty good.
Welcome back.
Yeah.
Neil just wanted to say to you, I can't believe that you have to give away hockey tickets.
To get out, to get a call, to get one, to get any calls.
That's right.
Unbelievable.
By the way, enough of the selfie.
Yeah.
Late Jewish comedian.
Yeah.
One of the favorites.
Myron Cohen.
Myron Cohen.
There you go.
That's real late and real dead.
Yeah.
What do you think tomorrow night?
Whose son is?
Myron Cohen.
His son is.
Myron Cohen Jim.
No.
Joel Gray.
Oh, is it?
See, you learned something on this.
You already.
Who said this when Joel Gray is older than dirt, too, by the way?
How do you like that?
She said, you were a wealth of information.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
I heard you say yesterday in regards to the Panthers that they're playing above their level.
Yes.
They're one of the fellow skating hockey clubs by the street.
Yeah, but they're playing.
I still think they were playing above their ability.
I don't sure what anybody says.
I mean, I'm ecstatic.
They're doing great.
And I love them.
But, you know, they're not this good.
But, you know, with a coach like this that's got them on fire.
And as long as they go out there and keep believing in themselves, they'll do it.
Tomorrow night will be a good test.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Well.
It'll be great.
I just wanted to welcome you back.
And I'll see you there.
I hope so.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah, they got plenty tickets.
Go on down and buy some.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Boy, it is just steamy hot in here.
Must be me.
Why are you not nodding your head like it's cold in here or something?
It's not cold.
It's boiling.
Of course, the fact that my air conditioning at the house went out to yesterday, that might
have something to do with it.
There's nothing like being a sea in Florida.
That's one good thing when it's 80 during the day time that gets done like 65 at night.
So you're like boiling during the day and then freezing your ass off at night.
It's kind of like a good combination and evens itself out.
Here's a lady in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing?
Not good.
Not good?
No, I have a little problem.
What's that?
See, I'm a big Panther fan.
Total all out.
And I'm usually at almost every game that I can take.
I went at, well, that.
And I went ahead and got my tickets.
Yeah.
I came out on that work.
And somebody stole them.
Like those Luis Miguel tickets.
No, my whole car was broken through.
Everything was gone out of my cart including the tickets.
I had them on.
Oh, my God.
I had them in my glove box.
Everything in my car was stolen.
Damn it.
I got these tickets to this my county first day.
Yeah.
And his mother's dying of emphysema.
No.
And she's in a coma.
No.
In intensive care.
No.
George's got his crying towel out right now.
He's wiping it.
And his push too.
So, is one of these, anyway, I will do anything.
I will give you anything if you can relate to tickets that I had.
Yeah.
Absolutely anything.
You name it.
How about your fiancee?
Done.
Yeah.
Done deal.
How old is he?
27.
Tool.
Okay, we have an open line in the green line.
1-800-944 just over the limit.
2-25 is always my limit.
Let's go to Miami on the Broward line.
Hello.
Yeah, I need to listen.
You made a little mistake when you said that don't be with a firing colon son.
He is.
Now, he was Mickey Katz's son.
Oh, Mickey Katz.
That's right.
Mickey Katz, I used to play his records on here in Sarasota and piss people off.
All your old Jews used to get psychotic.
I love Mickey Katz.
Myron Cohen.
Oh, I don't even like Myron Cohen.
He wasn't funny.
Thank God I didn't give that guy anything.
He didn't want anything.
Well, I just wanted to set the record straight.
But I was close.
Absolutely.
Thanks.
See you.
Next thing he's going to be telling me that Liza Manelli ain't Barbara Streisand's daughter.
Let's place him, Judy Garland Tunes.
Come on.
We have, no, we don't.
We don't have no open lines because I'm stretching it out, baby.
I never thought I could do this.
I still have got it, man.
And if it was war, if it was cool enough here for me to be able to breathe, maybe it's just
in here now, or maybe it's made.
Well, I have a fever.
I think I better go home and take a couple of weeks off until the callers come back.
So I didn't hear the part of Phil Henry Shone.
I heard the first part Phil was doing the spelling thing where he was making words up again.
And he's forebastied, retrying to sell a spell on him.
And he was given stuff away, which is kind of similar to what we're doing here today,
which is degrading and dehumanizing.
But hey, you do what you got to do.
But evidently, later on, he liked, what were they saying?
He lost it completely and was doing like just making guttable sound.
He was what?
Word association.
Yeah.
Which means what?
Are you sure?
Here's a mobile and boi and B.
Tell him.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about that old comedian in Fort Waterville.
That would be Woody Woodbury.
Yes.
Woody Woodbury.
They named it so fast, you're gonna keep dropping it.
Woody Woodbury.
Boy, there was a guy.
Of course, he wasn't Jewish, but thank God for that.
What is the beach club or something down on the beach?
They call that beach town.
No, I don't think that was the name of it, but he was at the same
flea bag hotel for like...
On central, I think he's over at Dante.
What's over by that fine juror?
He's still alive.
He's still alive.
Woody Woodbury is still alive.
Well, they got him upon a pole or something.
Next thing that he bring it back, tubby boots.
He's over at Dante's.
Now I work over by the IC.
His name on the billboard, so he must still be alive.
I thought Dante's was an Italian restaurant.
Yeah, but I guess maybe he's a counterpart.
He was a head of counterpart at the hotel on the beach.
Maybe he's doing his big Wilson now.
Boy, it likes the big, I guess, don't I?
Look what it did for Big.
There you go.
Okay, thanks.
Have a good time.
See ya.
Woody Woodbury.
And the name of the hotel was the Fort Lauderdale.
Was it the Newport?
That sounds right.
The Newport.
He was there since before Mother Mary was a baby.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
That's good.
Very funny.
I was driving in for more land though.
Yeah.
Lifetime, more land of solar bear hockey team fans.
I was trying to call you to get tickets.
And when I got to the arena, I bought a ticket for myself.
Dial gigant, and I got through, but I already got the ticket.
All right.
The roll 55 dollars out, sis.
That's crazy.
55?
$55.
I'm sitting lower, both.
Section 104.
Roll five.
I don't think it's 55.
I think it's...
It's in front of me.
55 hours.
He said everything in the lower bowl was 55, except the right side of the glass.
I think it's 45, aren't they?
I just say 55.
I got the ticket.
But I actually though, and that's not going up for anything.
And I have a Louis Miguel Fire Report.
Yeah, he's getting married.
So, they's appointed.
Oh, you knew that.
I was just in the outskund twisted door in Puerto Rico.
I said, I don't live here anymore.
I don't know this stuff.
You were in Puerto Rico?
I'm in Puerto Rico right after he left Miami.
Yeah.
And he did a show in Puerto Rico.
I went down there for business.
Yeah, they're going to carry it on MTV.
His wedding.
His wedding?
Yeah.
All right, because the bell hop, he thought he was giving me a big soup.
He said, you know, Louis Miguel was here and he was with Daisy.
He went there and you know what?
And more than friends.
He says, I know.
So what?
Yeah, he knows because he was in the middle.
He might have been in the middle.
I'm sorry, I didn't like couplets with that.
But at least I bought a hockey ticket.
You know, and I go back to the 16 league when that was real.
That's when it was real.
All these punks today, if they only knew when sports was really sports-
and all this dilution, all these re-assholes, man, that's when it was fun.
Right, yeah.
The worst thing would lose every night, of course, but they would lose five to three.
You know, three to two.
But they still have great players.
Exactly.
That was what it's all about.
At the level of intensity was unparalleled, especially at the home in the-
at home series, which always, you know, had crazy rivalries.
That was the Ranger fan.
You can see in Montreal every Saturday in Sunday, Saturday in Montreal.
Sunday in New York was just insane.
Hockey is great, but I'll tell you one thing.
You have to buy in this ticket that I'm not a porker.
And spend the 55 just for myself.
I'm down here in business.
There's something really wrong.
I just took my family and sort of mindfully came up in Orlando.
That's the best I can do.
But that in great seats, you know, 18 bucks, 54 for the three of us.
And, you know, I wouldn't want to do this on a frequent basis for my family.
You know, 55 tickets.
Right.
People don't realize.
They price themselves out of a big,
you know, people don't realize when they make huge contracts and they say,
they're lunatic.
So I'm not going to go to the game.
They don't realize that it puts them in illness every fastest of their existence.
The advertising dollars have to go up.
The products that advertise go up.
Yep.
So all of this crap.
They're killing us.
Exactly.
Us rich guys, but I'm glad I do.
I do have these tickets section.
Well, I'll see you there, pal.
I'm a guy. I'm a real guy.
Okay.
Good talking to you.
See you tomorrow.
Thank you.
Good on you.
We have an open line on the purple line.
I was good.
He killed a lot of good time.
And I mean, he butchered it.
18 T wireless line is open.
Pound I would be picking up and give it a shot.
Okay.
And I never know.
We are going to milk this for another hour and 10 minutes.
Always like that.
Jeff Moss.
I'll tell you.
Actually, he's fool him that whatever.
Get out of town.
Travel.
That's the good guy.
Those are the good guy.
I'm over there.
Get out of town.
Travel.
I supply 10 of the tickets to you.
Way five pair.
They're the ones who come up with a good stuff.
And a reason being that they couldn't give them away for love or money either.
How do you like that?
Boy, there is something very strange.
You see, when you don't have knowledgeable people, this is a big part of the problem.
And I'm going to say it again.
I don't want to dwell on this.
I think there are basically a core of about nine or ten thousand fans.
Hockey fans in this town.
Period.
Period.
Those nine or ten thousand people know the game.
They know who the players are.
They know when they see a good game.
They know when they see a great save by the Gwoli.
When they see a great play by one of the like the...
The game where they have against the Leafs where Need and Myron Barnes both have those two incredible goals.
They know when they see something phenomenal because they understand the game.
They know when the referee gives the penalty sign.
You know what the penalties are, what they're called, what they're for.
They understand the game.
The rest of the people are just there because they find it exciting and their lives are dull.
And so they discovered there is something actually good going on.
It's enjoyable, but they're even not sure why.
They know little or nothing about it.
And they go there in hopes of winning something for free.
And that's the sad part because that's the other four or five thousand people who might actually show up.
12.51 at WIOD.
There's a perfect gift for the person who's got everything for this holiday season.
And in fact, maybe the perfect gift you want to give yourself.
What's wrong with that?
A unique mailbox.
The Chief.
I don't know.
He was good though.
He was in some other movie, not that long ago, wasn't he?
The Chief.
And then there was always a Frado who was the Indian.
Wasn't he an Indian in that role in the movie with Al Pacino?
Was he?
Wasn't he an Indian?
He just had long slick hair.
He looked like an Indian.
One thing he was not though was gay.
Remember that he was very upset because they said that two gay guys were holding a hostages in the bank?
What was the name of that movie?
Dog Day afternoon.
Dog Day afternoon.
Very good.
That is the movie where allegedly, and I did see that again not too long ago, or allegedly,
the first time ever it was said.
I'm dying out of here.
But I've never saw Al Pacino say that.
He was waving a white henky.
He was going, Attica, Attica.
I'm dying out of here.
Maybe he said that.
And then of course his wife showed up, that queen.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Well, Gene Berry for dead talk show host from Match Game.
Jack Berry.
No, Gene Berry.
No, Jack Berry.
No, Gene Berry.
The guy that's with the...
Oh, Match Game?
No, that was Gene Raver.
Gene Raver, he's not dead.
He's not dead.
Yeah?
No, he should be, but he's not.
I like Gene Raver, and he was good.
Yeah, I thought those were just pieces of show.
Kitty Carlisle and all that.
Kitty Carlisle was on Match Game?
No, he was on Match Game.
Kitty Carlisle was on, to tell the truth with Gary Moore.
And don't call him.
No, yeah on the panel.
And Betsy a Palmer.
Betsy Palmer's dead.
I don't know her.
But you did, Betsy Palmer?
She was in the first Friday the 13th.
She played Jason's mother.
Oh, you're right, okay.
Betsy Palmer.
She was Moss Machu, then all the guys on the show.
That's true.
How about JP Morgan?
Is she dead or alive?
She was on Gongshow.
Right.
It was...
Never wore a bra.
Right, and well, she was a dyke.
And they also had the RIP...
What was his name?
Not RIP Torn.
RIP...
What a big mustache.
That's silly queen.
RIP Taylor.
RIP Taylor.
Right.
It was all the glitter and everything.
Right, exactly.
The Gongshow was really like the Queen show.
They always had a bunch of queens on there.
Charles Nelson Riley and RIP Taylor and JP Morgan had dykes on there.
But anyway.
Yeah, that's a good...
That's also a good new category.
You open up his dead panelists.
We ran out of hosts, but panelists made his zillions of them.
Well, I'm basically panther-tick as a fudge.
But I heard Craig McCabbitch is going to be wearing a helmet
because he's scared of edge open outs.
First time ever.
He's not going to be wearing no helmet.
No, I saw the last wire came when they came into town.
Yeah.
And the pliers were very flat.
Outside of McCabbitch.
And also...
And also Lindrust didn't play that.
No, that's true.
But dates are so far all the way to the Doom line.
The rest of those guys were just flat.
It's going to be a good game tomorrow night.
They've been coming on strongly, man.
They're really dangerous.
They're playing up to their ability now.
And at Dan Hextall is back.
I don't know what kind of vitamins he's taken.
But he's playing pretty good lately.
I don't know what his story is.
Yeah, I was playing in the back.
Hextall didn't play against him after a lot of time.
Because I was hoping somebody was going to back him.
And what came was when Ben D'sberg got a fight.
That was a Buffalo game, right?
Were you there for that?
When Ben D'sberg got in the fight with, I think, May from...
No.
Buffalo?
That was awesome.
Awesome.
It's like a guy flashed the...
And these rookies flashed back.
All of a sudden the gloves are dropped.
You know, and he took his mask off.
Two of them on the fly.
Yeah, he was tough.
Thanks a lot of balls for him to take that mask off.
I would have kept it on.
Well, including Joe Mendoza, you're a douchebag.
Okay.
Hang in the old.
See ya.
We have an open line.
Did we miss the Buffalo game too?
I don't think so.
Could I possibly miss the...it's possible.
We have an open line, yes I did.
In two of them on the green lines.
See, the green lines went dead because that's the way they usually are.
114 at WIOD.
Out here in the old glass, we used to have a sand.
That was a man could sure finish up a good day's work with a can of swansons beans.
I ate a whole can of one.
Then I listened to Phil Henry, 26th and afternoon on WIOD.
Even before the radio was invented, it's 1843.
Phil Henry, 26th and 26th.
Oh, Neil, my queen, God.
We need a leader who will give us back on track.
Maybe a time we had a president's whose blood opened.
I see them on TV just up in it so it's close.
I heard his running mate like just being a girl, John.
His name is Colin Pau.
I put two people at the latest cold stage.
He's the leader of the pack.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a leader.
The only asshole who pronounces his name is Ed McMahon.
You win.
He loses.
Tom, do what cough it up.
I'm a new listener and a first time call.
Thank God.
When you get some flyers, Bruins tickets, then I'll go ahead and give you another call.
I'm an old Dave Schultz fan.
We'll work on it for you, pal.
We'll see you in Philly.
See you on the George Washington Bridge.
That's the wrong city.
See you on the Ben Franklin Bridge.
See you on the school kill expressway.
We have an open line at Broward 5249.
Here's a Palm Beach on the purple line.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Remind you and your audience about France again.
They also denied our aircraft fly over the airspace.
We bomb Libya.
That is absolutely correct sir.
And we should never forget that.
And they never met a terrorist they didn't like.
Exactly.
Going back to hockey, I have a friend of mine who's down for Pittsburgh.
I'm interested in a getting a copy of the next Mike Wang card and also open you to play at some time today.
Over the Mike Lang card, I got like 8000 of them.
Well, I don't know why I've heard it's about 405 minutes.
I don't even know.
Maybe three minutes long has all this best.
Yeah, I've done.
You mean when I'm playing cell of them back to back?
I guess that's it.
I might do that.
Just to piss off Jeff Rimmer, I might do that.
And also what's the chance to be getting a copy of that?
A copy of what?
Oh, that's all this cards.
If I may I'll on a date or do anything.
Oh, if you may let it to Georgia, we'll put them all on there.
Okay, I just need to be a draft.
WYOD Miami 33141.
All right.
Just put attention, George.
Send them a cassette and I'll take care of it.
I appreciate it sir.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
See ya.
Here's a Penguin fan.
Penguins are playing Ottawa at the Civic Arena, the Delegate in Pittsburgh.
Night that game will be on KBL if you got the small dish.
We'll not be blacked out.
Some of us there will be at the pizza lot.
Damn it.
Well, I mean, some of us are looking forward to being at the loft tonight.
Hey, listen, you can't see every guy then hockey game.
Now, if Jeff Cohen would pony up a little bit, if pony tail would pony up and put the small dish up there,
which you can easily do, we could be getting a great picture and watching the Penguin game right in the middle of that sign on all those stupid pictures.
Wouldn't that be great, huh?
I'd like it.
Oh, no chance.
122 at WYOD.
You need cash for the holidays.
Then you need fast auto loans, pronto.
As they say in Italy, when they pick up the phone, pronto.
But remember, there's only one fast auto loans.
They're your solution when you need cash fast.
By the way, who's going to teach me Italian?
We got anybody who's marked to the end?
You're going to teach me Italian and give me private lessons?
If you have free and clear title to your car, fast auto loans can put $2,500 in your pocket today.
I put $2,500 in Mark's pocket.
Don't be fooled by the imitators who wind up paying way too much interest.
Fast auto loans is not a pawn shop.
There's no balloon payment.
And you don't sign over your title.
Fast auto loans simply has a lien on your title.
You still drive the car, you get the cash.
That's the way it's always worked.
That's the way it works right now.
You can't beat it.
No embarrassing credit checks, no lengthy approval process, no bull crap to go through.
Call right now for instant approval.
And the cash will be in your hand within 24 hours.
Call 1-800-910-FAST.
1-800-910-FAS-T.
Fast auto loans is fully licensed by the Florida Department of Finance.
They participated in BBB CARES.
What's that?
It's a program administered by the Better Business Bureau of South Florida.
So get your cash fast for the holidays from fast auto loans.
Three convenient locations in Dade, in Broward and Palm Beach soon to be four by the way.
Call them today and get some money in your hand.
Call 1-800-910-FAST.
1-800-910-FAS-T.
