W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-K-S.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610.
W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 W-I-O-D in date.
524 W-I-O-D in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free.
1-800-944 W-I-O-D.
And so you know, one customer can call pound-I-O-D at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610.
W-I-O-D.
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia, and they don't come anywhere.
Then Neil Rogers.
Steven Sago tore up a screen in under siege.
Wow, you blew all those terrorists away.
Are you a green beret?
No, I'm a cook.
Now, the cook is back in a heart-stuffing sequel.
Hey, who are you?
I'm just the cook.
Well, cook is three being salad blows.
What do you mean?
It's bland, it's taste-less, it's boring.
Well, maybe this will spice things up for you.
You're too good!
Anybody else have a problem with the food?
No, my goodness, I'm so good.
Steven Sago returns in the sequel to under siege, under season.
Okay, so I'm not a very good cook, but I still have my pride.
You'll eat what he puts in front of you, and you'll like it.
Under season, coming soon to with the hit or near you.
Okay, 1207 at WIOD.
Happy Monday, too.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I called a bad night class.
I'm poor, I'm poor, it's 10.
I glassed in poorium?
Yeah, 41.
Joint?
The discount, I class, place that's been there for years.
Yeah.
My son works there, and I'll give you a hell of a deal.
Discount?
You mean like for a buck and a half?
No, no, they got $200, $300 glasses, but you get them at the right price.
Yeah.
And you know, if you go down there, just ask for Jeff or Aaron, and they'll do hell of a job.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, I'll stop there in a way to Shlomies.
We have two open lines.
What are you laughing about?
Everybody's going to Shlomies?
I better go out there and get the good stuff before it's all sold out.
That special lifekins bread that they got on special sale today for like 50 cents a loaf.
And they were working like feverishly all morning.
They said, till noon, we're going to be baking up a storm and then we're putting it on sale.
50 cents a loaf.
First come first served and to go off half baked is what they said.
Two open lines in date, county, 751 9463 751.
He's eating macadamia nuts right there on the ear.
He's chewing them.
He's loving them.
They're good.
They're from Hawaii.
These are the monoloa, the real good ones from Hawaii, the real nuts.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you get the Athens cookbook?
No, I did not.
I just got it.
It is fabulous.
I'm not nearly the chef.
I don't go cooking.
Well, a lot of this stuff is pretty easy to prepare.
It just adds a little variety to the diet.
You know, after a while you just go crazy with hamburgers and steaks and like that.
I know it sounds funny, but you know, it gets a little boring.
But I really thought it's boring.
Not that I can't even have my cheese.
What I really called about was a letter to the editorial and Saturday's paper about some lady who got lost in the Miami design district.
Yeah.
She pulled over to look at her maps, so she wouldn't get lost any worse than she was in a pretty bad area and a cop stopped.
And not only did not give her directions, wrote her a ticket for paying it a little bit of.
Nice.
Welcome to Miami, ma'am.
That's right.
That's right.
Okay, Neil.
Have a good one.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Open line on the purple line, pound IUD1 and day 2 on the green lines, 4 in Jupiter.
Jupiter's gone.
Tony, they're all open in Jupiter.
Okay, you should only croak up there in Jupiter.
Okay, for calling us and not hanging on.
You shameful piece of walking turd on two legs.
Here's a Tamarack.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
We just got back from LA.
Okay.
And we took the drive from Bundy to rocking him.
Uh huh.
Takes maybe five minutes if you know where you're going.
So if he has an alibi that he got, you know, took him too long to drive from point A to point B, he's fully, you know what?
I killed Nicole.
And one last thing.
Yeah.
We took American Airlines, Miami, from LA to Miami.
And I don't fly very often.
I don't know if you see this when you go to Europe.
But they make an announcement that when you board the plane, they're going to allow people who are handicapped first class and first class.
Oh, I know exactly what you're going to say.
Everybody got up.
We were like, you know something?
I'm going to tell you I'm glad you brought this up because I travel a lot.
We don't.
I am so sick and tired of these airlines who just let the public.
I guess because there were, you know, most of them been losing a lot of money and they don't want to piss anybody off.
They just let the public do whatever they want.
They make the pre-boarding announcement.
In fact, lately a lot of the planes I've been on, they make a pre-boarding announcement.
They never make another announcement.
They don't even call any rows because everybody just gets up and gets on a plane.
That's exactly what they have to do is want.
And you see what happens is all you get on a plane if like you were in the first 15 rows.
I need to discover that there's all these very healthy looking people are already on there and they got the overheads all filled up.
And they're already got on a hit of you and they don't belong on there.
Exactly.
We waited 20 minutes or at least for the line finally disappeared.
If they, if they would start enforcing that and say, look, if you're like obviously got a handicap or you're traveling with small children, you and the first class people you can pre-board.
Otherwise, go sit down like Judge Edo said, sit down.
I didn't fly a period.
But the first class people were screaming about that.
I finally got up.
We were in row 30 something.
I handed a ticket to the digit.
Did I miss the announcement about row 30 to 50?
She says, no, this happens over time.
We have to make this announcement.
Because they won't, they because they won't enforce it.
And if they would enforce it, they could board the planes in half the time because the whole idea of boarding it from the rear is to get the people in the back.
So they don't stand in the middle of the plane and block everybody off.
I was on a plane the other day and so helped me.
God, there was a woman.
I should have shot her ass.
She was standing there, poaching around very close to the front of the plane.
And we were like, you know, in row 25, whatever way back toward the back of the plane.
And, you know, I'm looking at the people behind me.
I'm standing right behind this bitch.
And some other woman is trying to help her.
She's carrying, first of all, there's only supposed to be two pieces of carry on.
She's got a whole crapload that she's got on this cart.
Okay?
And if the airlines don't start enforcing this, people are going to start a rebellion.
They're going to start walking to wherever they're going.
You got it. That's exactly it.
It may take a lot longer or just swim there, but at least it won't have all the aggravation.
And if we're the lady in a wheelchair, she couldn't get on.
Right. Exactly. Because all these other handicapped people who need extra time or whatever,
all these healthy, living and breathing young people, they're slipping through on here.
And the guide, Dave, airlines won't enforce it. You people suck that. Let that go on.
And one last thing, but this was pretty funny. We're in that LA Airport.
They made an announcement for Jose Lopez to come to the ticket counter.
And 45 people showed up.
Okay, Patrick. Have a great time.
Yeah, they were in Miami and they asked for Julio Martinez to show up.
And 4,000 people got online.
We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD.
This business, you people with airlines, you better get with it, man. I'm telling you.
Because see, once upon a time, they used to enforce it.
And they would keep making the announcement. And they would say, now, we're only boarding at this time.
Infants, people traveling with infants and small children and people who need extra time,
who I've got the handy crap.
People are on the verge of a heart attack.
And believe me, the way they're doing it now, it's a miracle.
Most of us aren't on the verge of a heart attack because it's just chaos.
And everybody just gets on and they go whenever the hell they please.
And then they're all standing all over the plane, all over the place, blocking off all the aisle,
and sticking their stuff in the overhead. They're 85 pieces of carry on, which is only supposed to be two.
And I think the airlines are scared, crampless, because they're afraid they're going to lose the customer.
They don't want to pit anybody up.
God forbid they should tell you, but if sit out and shut up until it's their turn.
And you think it's bad here. You ought to see the way Alatalia boards their flights in Rome.
Then you'd really pee your pants.
See, with the Italians, they're wonderful people, but a little bit of chaos, they kind of like.
So when they get the indication when the person steps into place, it's going to start looking at the boarding passes, everybody gets up.
300 people get up and they all start like pushing and elbowing.
It's a miracle half a month into goddamn penalty box.
It's 1214 and WIOD.
610, WIOD, news to keep you informed.
Talk to make your laugh your ass off.
What's this obsession with hope?
America's favorite black private dig returns, but this time he's fighting crime.
90s style, Richard Roundtree is Shaft in Cyberspace.
Who's the cat that won't log out when this syntax all about?
Shaft?
Click on. They say the chefs are bad muggles.
What's your mouth?
I'm just booting up Shaft.
And he can fin.
Yes, he's right on and online.
It's Shaft in Cyberspace, downloading soon at a PC near you.
Shintam in the lake.
Okay, good idea.
1218 at WIOD and I just finished with my nuts.
Whole bottle.
Here you go, right in the waist, basket.
Well, that's 28 grams of carbs.
That's too many.
But what if I don't eat anything the rest of the day?
I got an idea.
What if I just eat my diet, jello the rest of the day.
You know the stuff with the nutrients weed in there?
I bet you anything I'll get on a scale tomorrow and lose weight.
You want a bet?
You want to make a bet?
I guarantee it.
I won't make it up either.
I'll tell you the amus.
I guarantee you I'm going to have diet jello.
I eat my things and I'm going to cut out the meat to red.
Just as an experiment.
Well, by the way, those of you who are very frustrated because you like a little pasta sauce on your whatever.
Maybe like on your burgers on your meat.
Yeah, I mean, that's unusual.
But there are people out there who like a little bit of that tomato taste.
Shloyme is not only has that great bread from the Etkins recipe book.
They've also got Carbo Hydrate free tomato sauce.
Shloyme is 197-400 East talent in the Elbeats full of art.
What do you laugh at about?
It's a lot of numbers, but that's the address.
You're just going to overwhelm Shloyme over there.
You know I'm already there.
Well, that's too bad.
Okay.
They were baking up a storm all morning.
They're ready for the big push.
197-400 East talent in the Elbeats full of art.
I'd get there before they run out, especially that sauce.
Mama, me.
It's supposed to be the best.
They got this little Italian guy in there who squeezes it fresh.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just thought you might appreciate this.
Okay.
Where your tax dollars are going.
I just drove down A1A about a mile north of Oakland Park Boulevard.
Yeah.
And there's this gorgeous redhead standing out there.
So I looked and saw somebody pull over.
And she asked the guy pointed to the parking lot.
And she walked over to the car, spent a minute at the car.
And about 20 seconds later, about eight police cars pulled up.
Yo, it couldn't be another one of those decoy hookers couldn't it?
No, not too bad.
I mean, good looking head.
Good looking head.
Yeah.
But I unbelievable.
I hung around here for about 10 minutes.
They got five guys.
Great.
I average in one every two minutes.
Where was this?
Just about a mile north of Oakland Park on A1A in front of the Mark 2100.
Great.
Thanks for the warning, pal.
You got it.
Okay.
Bye.
Remember once upon a time they were doing that in the daytime hours during the show up here on Biscayne somewhere.
That's original.
And anybody sees any of that sting crap with the undercover hookers going on with the plane closed hooker, a faker, a cop, whatever that decoys.
Call in immediately on a station and we will put it on here anytime morning, noon and night.
And they hate us like poised for that.
But too bad.
That's not police work.
Okay.
If you want to do something about it, legalize prostitution, but quit crappin' around with people's lives.
And then they got to stick their name in a paper the next day.
And this one's a school teacher.
And this one's the vice president of some gone dad prestigious bank.
And this one runs an eyeglass place.
Oh.
Like I said, keep up the good work, guys.
Runs an eyeglass place.
I mean, you can't complain about quality in Florida because basically they're ain't any.
Shlok.
Shlok is our middle name.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neon.
Yes, sir.
Hello, you sure, man?
Uh-huh.
I wasn't care the couple of days ago.
Yeah, man.
Nice one.
Yeah.
Jennifer.
What's your look like?
She's got like two eyes, right on one on each side of her nose and two lips and a chin and the hair and the two legs.
We have an open line at day 751, one on the purple line and not only that pal, but you got no chance with her.
Trust me when I tell you.
1222, she's not into that rostomy.
1222 at WIOD.
I left.
610, WIOD.
Still the central characters of Larry King's nightmares.
G-Marge, these hot dogs are the best.
Past the mustard, will you?
You know, hot dogs are more popular than ever.
Sometimes you can't even find them in the stores and all that popularity drives up prices.
By the end of this month, wholesale prices for hot dogs could be up at least 12 cents a metric ton.
That's highway robbery.
He's right, but you can do something about this price gouging thanks to the craftmatic Winnie people.
Just call our 800 number and we'll send you everything you need to make hot dogs in your own backyard.
Wow, look at this, Marge.
I just made a hot dog that's eight feet long.
You'll receive the snouts, the lips, the pancreas and kidneys.
You'll get the tail, hooves, ears, eyeballs and sockets.
We'll even throw in a bunch of those little white things you see every time you bite into a top quality Winnie.
Look, Marge, I made a hot dog 12 feet long.
You'll also receive hatchets, cleaver, snips, gougers and heavy duty grinders, plus rubber apron, hat and safety goggles.
So don't be ripped off when you could be having the time of your life.
Look, Marge, I made a hot dog 16 feet long.
Order your craftmatic Winnie kid today.
16 foot bone sold separately.
Talk 26 at WID.
You'll never guess what I just found.
I'm falling and I can't get up.
Get up, I can't get up.
Get up, I'm rolling.
Get up, I can't get up.
I can't get up.
I can't get up.
Get up, I can't get up.
Get up, I can't get up.
Get up, I can't get up.
Get up, I can't get up.
I can't get up.
Get up, I'm having chest pain.
Get up, get up, get up.
Get up, get up.
Get up, get up.
Get up, get up.
Get up, get up.
Get up, get up.
Get up, get up, get up.
Get up, get up, get up, get up.
I don't think she's gonna.
1227 at WID so, after scouring this damn studio,
I finally found out you're welcome by the way,
whoever called about, what was it, four, five, eight hours ago?
What we're doing for you, I really should read this memo on here.
I don't care whether it's his not for broadcast anyway.
It's the most stupid idiotic piece of swill.
And then you come in here and you look through the copy file,
and it's the same stuff even Ben Franklin would be embarrassed by the stuff.
In fact, before he was born, is when most of the stuff was written.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
You're Roger, please.
Speaking.
Mr. Roger?
Oh God, I love these guys that are like setting up the material.
They got their tape plan and they got their little act they're putting on,
and they're running here for like about two seconds.
Open line at day 751, one and Broward, five, two, four.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just returned from vacation.
I'd like to give you a call here.
Give me a report.
Yeah, give you a little report on it.
Yes.
With the Costa Rica, San Jose.
Now we were pulling it and pushing it.
We had a great time down there.
Beautiful, beautiful country, wonderful people, gambling.
Yeah.
It was the best.
It really was the best to get out of town for a little while and see a little bit of the country.
Not for me.
It was nice.
Oh, not for me.
I know you're like your countries.
We like art.
Oh, no, that's great.
I'm glad you had a good time.
I just did not into Latin America at all.
At all.
Not at all.
Well, we at all.
But one other thing before we left, I thought I'd get a little book to read on the trip.
Yeah.
So you know a book I want to go get.
Yeah, I book, of course, of course.
Now I went to four or five different bookstores and of course nobody had the book.
Come to the Sawgrass online, that Saturday to pick it up.
Right.
I went out there the day before.
They wouldn't sell to me.
They were holding them for the big promotion on Saturday.
Right.
So they wouldn't sell you just one?
No, no, no.
They had 750 for Saturday.
So they had to come back on Saturday to...
They wound up having 1,300 of them.
Oh, no kidding.
Yeah.
Well, I have to take a little ride out there and just a little call to welcome myself back and let you know we're all listening to you.
Okay, I'm glad you're welcome.
One other thing if I may?
Yes.
Little Gary, Redneck Bob, Major League douchebags.
Okay.
See ya.
I'll still, whatever.
No Latin America for me.
Okay.
I'm just not into a barbarism.
We have an open line.
I'm sure Costa Rica is beautiful and very peaceful and very calm, etc.
If I want to see someplace beautiful and tranquil, I'll go to Hawaii.
Beautiful.
I mean, just breathtaking.
Crowded on Waikiki, yes.
But like lots of living and breathing.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like a combination of everything.
And anybody here, you know, years ago when I used to go there,
I went there six times to Hawaii.
And people would say to me,
what do you want to go to Hawaii for?
You live in Florida.
It's just like Florida with a palm trees, you know, same the ocean to palm trees.
And I would just laugh myself silly.
You little simpleton parochial asshole you.
I know there are other people that want to go like to Maui and they go to the big island.
And they want to see the lush forest and the scenery.
Yeah.
Great.
Whatever you like.
Okay.
It's your money.
It's your vacation time.
If that pleases you, I'm happy.
When you live here, generally speaking, you like to go somewhere where there's some living people.
Where there's somebody under the age of 100, somebody who just might speak English,
somebody who looks like a living and breathing person with all the body parts in the right place.
And where it's also a great place with a great climate and the trade winds and just all great food, whatever you want.
In fact, if they have macadamia nuts there.
Anyway, we got two open lines in Broward.
Well, you know, at least somebody's got nuts.
And my biggest problem is I don't want to fall.
5249-463 in Broward and two on the green lines.
And another tragic, tragic Monday in the desperate city.
It is so desperate as we continue to search.
You know, the thing with the glasses is really pissing me off.
You know what?
You know what I think I'm going to do?
Just because I'm in that kind of a mood and I got to real hair up my ass today.
I'm going to go to that place on the corner of university and sunrise where I bought these.
And I'm going to seek out especially that big nasty bitch.
The one I cannot stand.
She's got a personality like Hitler on a bad day.
And I'm going to make them make these right.
Okay? I bought the frames there. I bought the lenses there.
I don't know how many pair of glasses I bought there.
I've spent both cool cash there and they're going to make it right.
Instead of just, you know, it's like me with a watch.
I show you what a schmuck I am.
You know, you get these battery operas.
And the SACO now has a new watch out that's got a lifetime battery in it.
Like one of those sun jobs.
And you never have to replace it.
With me, I get these stupid watches and when a battery dies about a year, you're in a half later.
I just put it in a thing in a drawer somewhere and I go out and buy a new watch.
That's pretty lazy, isn't it?
I mean, that's just stupid.
Or you can do what I do and get a nice battery from Freddy's and then put it in your watch.
And it still doesn't work.
So you still have to go out and buy a new watch.
Like I had to do over the week.
Why didn't it work?
Because I guess I don't know what I'm doing.
Why didn't you have Freddy put it in?
Because I didn't have to watch with me at the time.
So why didn't you take the watch and go back to Freddy and have him put the battery in?
I just left all the way back to the sawgrass when I can just go to Sears down the corner and get a new watch.
See what I mean?
Just like me.
Lazy as dirt.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you hear what happened to those card jackers and Broward?
No.
Oh, man.
They go to card jacked his guy in Alexis and they put a gun to his head and they put him
in the trunk.
Yeah.
So they're driving off a couple of miles out and they hear some noises in the trunk and he gets
they get off and they thought he had a solar phone with him.
So they open the trunk and the guy has two revolvers pointed at them.
And this is the way.
All right.
This one for the good guy.
I'm falling.
And I can't get out.
Yeah.
Is that great?
Beautiful.
All right.
Just go up and tell you that.
Thanks for the good news pal.
Chalk out blunt for the good guys.
Those are the good guys.
See it goes to Shoya.
Keep some loaded weapons in your trunk at all times.
And if you have a vet, I guess you got a little problem.
Stick them under the seat.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-944-9463.
Here's a mobile in Houston likely.
Story.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I listened to you for two months.
I was down through Broward County finest and you all wouldn't accept to collect call from me.
Yeah.
I got out last Thursday, flew back home.
And just wanted to call and let you know I thought you had a great show.
Got half the people there in Broward.
Jail listening to you.
All right.
That's great.
Great show.
Would you kill a couple people while you're here?
Something minor like that?
No.
I had a drug problem.
Oh.
And the judge just thought I should spend a few days there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But talk radio out here or inter talk radio we have not in Houston.
There is none at all.
Well, I bet you got that fat Nazi on here over there.
You probably got a large ass on some station that wouldn't be surprised.
Well, like I said, we have no talk radio out here at all.
Exactly.
I couldn't put a better myself.
But once I got home, I wanted to give you a call back and let you know I appreciate to listen to you.
The two months I was there and you got a great show.
And hopefully now I'll never make it back down that way.
But keep it going.
If you're lucky.
No, never come back.
Okay, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
Good choice.
Have a great life.
You thank you.
Okay.
There we go.
There's a guy who's going to have a good life because he ain't coming back here.
This is hell.
It's hell on earth.
And yeah, they pay me a lot of money.
And that's the only reason I show up and it's the only reason I stay in this place.
And I'm not going to sit here or lie about it.
I'm not going to blue sky.
It sucks here.
It blows.
It's a, it's a Yokel town.
It's a nickel and time.
Yokel make believe fantasy kind of a town.
It could be paradise.
But the politicians, the people, it's just, it's sad.
Sad.
How come a mole green didn't come here instead of Vegas?
He went, he went somewhere that was like wilderness out in the middle of nowhere.
Why didn't he come here for Christ's sakes?
How come Goddamn Michael Corleone had to go out there to Goddamn Vegas with Frado?
Couldn't come to Florida.
For crying out loud, Meyer Lansky lived right up the street here.
What that was wrong with him?
Too much walking at dog, too much monkey business.
I think we're at the bitch.
The dog, I mean, 1235 at WYOD.
16, WYOD.
Burning up phone lines all over South Florida.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Bite.
Bite.
Bite.
Bite.
Bite.
Bite.
Orn.
Orn.
Bite.
Orn.
Orn.
Bite.
Orn.
Bite.
Budweiser.
Beer so crappy, it makes even LG covered frogs sick.
1240 at WYOD.
That is the best.
I mean, if they don't, one thing about overkill, my God, if they haven't shown that spot,
40 million times in last five minutes with the three frogs,
and I keep telling, every time I see that spot, I just, I can't stand it.
I was yelled back to the screen.
Exactly.
That was damn frogs.
Where are we going?
We're going to a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Just started listening today.
I heard about your glasses incident.
The store you purchased it at, I don't know if you knew this or not,
they're closing for good on Saturday.
Are they really?
Yeah.
On the corner of University in sunrise?
Yeah, it rhymes with Earl as a Monroe.
Oh, is it called Pearl?
That's the one, the big horse one.
What do they used to be?
I don't know, it's been Pearl for quite a while.
Oh, see, I've all got it backward.
I thought they used to be Pearl and others, something else, and I guess they used to do something else.
No, they don't know Pearl, you don't think they're going to go under another eye lab sometimes.
Yeah.
But that store is lost, they're leased, they're out, and you'd be happy to know that all the personnel in the store,
they didn't get transferred, they all got cans.
Oh, that one, that one nasty bitch, it couldn't happen to a nicer person.
The tub you want with a white hair?
I don't know what color her hair is, but boy, she is just nasty.
Yeah, she's a nasty son of a bitch.
Yep.
Well, if you wanted to fix, you better go before Saturday, because they're moving it on out.
I will be there this afternoon, and now that you give me that information, I'm really going to make their life miserable.
That's it, I'm going.
Thanks for the good news.
Got it.
See ya.
Totally there's a God.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249-463-524-W-I-O-D.
How shlimes doing, by the way?
197-400-East-Tallendale Beach Boulevard.
I bet you they're lined up from here all the way to Goddamn St. Augustine, just to get that incredible bread.
The Dr. Atkins bread, no carbohydrates, and that fantastic tomato sauce right from Italy, with that special secret process, whatever it is, no carbs, zero carbs.
I don't know what you're going to put it on.
Maybe just drink it right out of the bottle would be good.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hey, Nate, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Okay, first of all, I just have a question for you.
Yes.
Because I'm leaving here, I'm going to go back to the games all the school.
Yeah.
And you can't beat that guy to me.
But go back to the gamesville win.
I got to go back to school like two weeks.
Oh, in two weeks.
Yeah, so I gave him two more weeks to listen to you.
Right.
I have a question.
Are you like broadcasts anywhere up there?
No.
Because I went to one time up in Melbourne and I picked you up there, but I was the first stuck to get.
Yeah.
So you're not syndicate anywhere else?
Unfortunately.
Okay, Ann, one more thing.
Did you see in a local section of the front vent, no?
That they want to like band skateboards and rollerbladers from this strip?
Oh, of course we want to ban everything.
It's just like on South Beach where we have the cruising law now because the kids were cruising up and down the strip and that's against the law.
So they're like marking their tires and whatever else they're doing.
And now we want to band skateboards because guess what?
Old people don't do that stuff.
Oh, like a big thing.
Just like spring break.
Exactly.
Kill all the young people, get them out of here.
That's what they want.
You know, what you're getting out of here, man?
You're saying you can say that again.
If you're smart, you won't come back just to collect your laundry.
Can beat that gator meat.
Good luck, pal.
Great.
Thank you, bye.
See ya.
Yes, we don't want those nasty teenagers and those young people with their roller blades and their surfboards and with their boogie boards and with their boogie wogie and with those t-shirts.
You old people have destroyed this town, baby.
Once upon a time this used to be almost a goddamn fun place to live and play and work in vacation or whatever.
And the old people have allowed to take over this goddamn place.
Old people and vote people.
And I say a box on boat of them.
That's what I say.
You mother scratching bastards.
You miserable disgusting old farts.
God, almighty.
Can you imagine if you could, if you could sell Toe Jam by the pound, you could retire here.
You can smell the death a mile away.
Another thing I like about this town is that it's got a world class transit system too.
You know, you go to Boston, you go to Toronto, you go to like a real city, New York.
And they got a great subway system.
You come here, good luck, pal.
Get a car, get a beat up old Jalapi, get a piece of crap car and go out there on a road and kill somebody or give it your goddamn best.
World class city.
You jackasses, you clowns, you phony baloney, chamber of commerce, lying, sons of bitches.
You idiots at the newspapers with your stupid editorials.
There is no crime here. It's just a perception of crime.
It's just like that Eddie Schmendrick there, Eddie Brown.
He didn't get shot in the army just perceived he got shot in the arm.
He just stand out there having a little confab with his buddy 530 in the morning in Miramar.
What's he doing out there having a confab on the street 530 in the morning? I wonder.
Maybe a plan and going downtown Eddie Brown.
What's that all about?
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Important spy report.
Yes.
I've seen this happening several times and I did a lot of investigating the other night.
A location, Hollywood, book and video and 441 about a couple of miles north of county line road.
Nothing happening inside the store but I've seen this red corvette parked outside, convertible, brand new.
Extremely good looking guy in the car. Very friendly.
Now I go there.
Very friendly.
Yeah very friendly.
I go there several times to return and rent tapes.
I go in and out. Nothing. I don't respond.
So finally last Saturday night I decided that I'm going to just see what's going on.
So I go ahead and when I leave I park up at a block away across the street and I just watch.
Well finally he hooks somebody.
I noticed also that he had one of those little badges on his license plate.
Mm-hmm.
Badges?
Yeah.
Well, just taking badges, huh?
Yes, taking badges.
This guy on a Volvo, actually he bit.
And a Volvo?
And a Volvo.
He obviously bit.
He bit it.
Oh he bit it all right.
Yeah.
He, the corvette takes off.
The guy follows.
And about a block behind that follow.
They go about two blocks behind the bookstore.
They go into an alley.
And I just wait about a half a block away just to park looking.
And all of a sudden about three police cars.
Just be standing on the alley.
Wow, what a surprise.
Uh-huh.
Boy Abu Sayyver, glad I didn't even say hello.
Yeah.
So I guess our fine gentleman of the Hollywood police department are really taking care of business.
Oh yeah, up in Deerfield too.
Norm Kent was telling me the other day about up in Deerfield.
He's got all these clients.
The same thing is going on.
They go to, I forget exactly where it's taking place.
But they're like, send these real good-looking young guys, cops dressed provocatively, real tight clothing.
And they pick up these guys.
And then they are, they're busting people not even for doing anything, but for proposing.
For example, one of his clients invited a guy to come back to his house and do something, not in public or anything like that.
But invited him to come back to the house and do something.
And they arrested him in solicitation of a loot act.
Exactly.
Because in the state of Florida, if you want to really get right to its Saudi, he covers anything, well, you know, the whole deal with that.
Oh yeah.
Anything and everything.
And I can tell you, this guy, like I got napped that night, uh, there's nothing that could have gone on.
It wasn't even like three, four minutes.
Yeah.
You know, and the thing is that when I, I think-
Depends on how fast he was.
I've seen this red Corvette parked in the parking lot there, flirting around.
And I just happened to, on the second time that I saw him there on a night, I looked and I saw him.
I bet you did, yeah.
And I got that little police badge.
I said, huh, this is smells, you know, something stinks.
Yeah.
So I just parked it.
I said I probably smell like pork a million miles away.
I tell you, man, it's just amazing, amazing.
The goose steppers are out, man.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
You know, just sort of a little passport, amigo.
Parking lot, hock, book and video.
And if you're smart, don't squeeze anything else.
Two miles north of a county line road.
Thanks.
Which is grossiest.
Okay, guys.
See ya.
There we go.
They're out there again in trapping and destroying people's lives and screwing around because,
God, we all know sex is evil.
And, hallelujah.
Thank God for all those good, squeaky clean, younger publicans on college campuses everywhere from
coast to coast, painting those nice little swastikas on their foreheads.
1249 at WIOD.
It started with a low speed freeway chase.
And it's been that way ever since.
The deep hole versus OJ Simpson.
Could he then with his right hand holding a knife, slitter throat?
Given a stationary hypothetical, as you have said, yes, I believe that that would be possible.
Jennifer Ram keeps an eye on OJ and brings you the latest every hour.
Like Sam's through the hourglass.
The best news with Jennifer Ram on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD learning to be humble.
But not making much progress.
Men in chains, just the way I like them.
Some stations give you cars.
Some stations give you cash.
But this station is going to give you the one thing you want most.
Shicks and lots of them.
That's right.
We're going to turn you into a babe magnet.
You'll have women hanging off every limb.
Just be the tenth caller when you hear this sound.
And we'll surgically implant a high-powered magnet in your forehead.
That'll generate a powerful electromagnetic field.
The next time you go out, any woman wearing metal within a 25-foot radius will be instantly attracted to you.
Literally.
Yes, they'll be screaming and flailing as they hurtle through the air towards you.
And there won't be a damn thing they can do about it.
Because you'll be a babe magnet.
And they can't help being stuck on you.
This station accepts no responsibility for other objects containing metal
that they also become stuck on you, including anvils, reelspikes, kitchen appliances, and pimple teenage boys with braces.
You'll be a babe magnet.
And you'll be able to post notes on the refrigerator with your forehead.
Keep listening for your chance to win.
1253 at WIOD, two open lines in date, 751, one in powered green line, blue line, yellow line, orange line,
lime line.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Good afternoon.
I don't want to change a human about Latin America.
But this one country we'd like to go with Argentina.
Oh, forget that.
Believe me.
The fallen Nazis are hiding now.
Oh, look, I'm Jewish.
Okay, I don't have any problem.
The beach is not for that.
Now, here you can't beat their meat.
Believe me.
The best meat, the best skinless of the best people, all European.
Argentina.
I'm going to change a human about it.
I'm going to take it too far, too far away.
No worry about it.
It's only eight hours.
You take Carolina's Argentina, seven, forty seven.
Carolina's Argentina.
I call you, Garlin.
I went to this weekend to Biloxi.
Biloxi, Mississippi.
What, what the hell did you go there for?
Unbelievable.
Here's Las Vegas right now, this place.
Oh, because of the gambling.
No, I got it.
I'm going to be in the label.
Exactly.
Why the hell would anybody go there?
Because they got gambling.
I'm like, God.
You have no idea.
This is a dead city.
Let's see it.
Right now, it's a casino.
I went to Gran Hotel.
Look like this MGM, Gran, in Los Angeles.
What, Andy?
It was looking good today, baby.
I'll tell you that.
What is it?
It's in the Gran Hotel.
Man.
In Clevue.
You know how many people agree with that?
So I went there to a town they have.
What the hell?
What the hell?
They have no room for Friday.
They have no room for Friday.
They have no room for Friday.
And a hundred and I go as a nine.
And I spend a little money.
But beautiful.
The food is incredible.
Good.
The southern hospitality.
They nice.
They have a nice beaches.
And they open a casino all over there.
Nice beaches?
No, the beaches.
Oh, beaches, yeah.
The answer, man.
You know, sometimes I actually can't tell.
Yeah, I got it.
Oh, there's a lot of guys out there looking for some nice beaches.
Yeah.
And he.
I asked the people in the hotel and they said we just opened.
That's here.
47 hundred people.
Incredible.
Okay, they work in there in the Graham hotel.
Yeah.
It's only one.
Well, thank God we don't got that here, man.
Well, because we don't want people having too good of a time.
Well, this, I don't understand it.
I don't understand.
This belongs here.
How long have you been here?
Here 15 years.
Well, then you should understand it.
I understand.
The people here are not supposed to have a good time.
You're supposed to be just like them and have a bad time.
Every day when you get up in the morning, you should be suicidal.
That's what my Amy's all about.
This is a bunch of old people.
Exactly.
It's a bunch of dead people walking around taking up space that could be used by living people.
Neil, I like you.
You want the most intelligent American people that I will see.
Damn right.
Believe me.
I like you.
You say the other day something that is very true.
America is for all the garbage.
McDonald's, Boogey, that's right.
Yeah, that's right.
You know what the name of the game in America is?
Mediocrity.
The more mediocre it is, the more Americans gravitate to it, they love it.
Mediocrity and violence.
That's all they know about.
True.
Have a great life, fellas.
Thank you.
See you in BaluXio.
Okay.
What a sad comment that is, we got people spending their money, got to go to BaluXio, Mississippi,
because that's where they have to go to have a good time.
How do you like that?
And I don't care what you say.
Amy's got a beak.
Sorry.
No, it's not all right.
You know, I was noticing that the other day.
I was on a plane somewhere.
And you know, you look at people and you see the distinguishing feature in their push.
Is there no?
Do you know how many people with...
I'm not talking about nose jobs because people with nose jobs, you can sniff them out a million miles away.
They look ridiculous and they start drooping and then they got one nostril where they're asked
it's supposed to be.
Forget about that.
But that's the one thing that nature really plays with havoc with your life.
If you got a good nose, the chances are you really look good.
If you got a screwed up nose like most of us, you're probably pretty damn ugly.
Like most of us.
Daydelines.
Wide open, baby.
751.
All three of them now.
Man, the energy that this man has to put out day after day.
We at least haven't had to resort to music yet today.
It's almost 1 o'clock.
With no Luis, we haven't had a wind up his chain today.
But boy, it's getting pretty damn close.
You know, here you go.
Here's your little connection to life right here, man.
You're just letting it slip right away.
That's the sad part.
You're letting it slip right out of your hands, baby.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I've never called you before.
Why not?
But I don't know because every time I'm driving in my car, I can't call you.
But anyway, uh...
Okay, right away.
Never called me before in the 10th word out of his mouth is shot.
How do you like that?
Isn't that great?
There is a great guy right there.
Never called me before his one chance to stand out in the sunshine and be a human being.
Any other's crap right on the ear.
Porenny wishes he could take everyone himself and this guy's talking about it.
Two open lines in Broward.
Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, W-I-O-D.
And let me say it again.
Shame on you pathetic juvenile little leakers over there at Cuyam.
It wasn't bad enough trying to rip me off.
Now trying to rip off Phil Henry and do stick and have fake guests on.
Oh, Jesus.
Man, you talk about embarrassment.
I guess there is no embarrassment factor over there at all.
That's why they had to bring all these 10-year-old kids in from broadcast school.
Here's a mobile in T'Rale.
Hello.
Mayo.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you touched on this.
Did you see yesterday's interview with Ipenga with Tony?
No, I did not.
Oh, my God.
Don't have the stomach for watching all that ass-looking.
Oh, my God.
The suction was so bad it was something to be.
Just the lick up into the TV.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
I mean, a little more.
I mean, I thought it was going to take off his suspenders in front of Wayne.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Oh, my God.
He's the biggest.
He makes D-fo look like a piker.
He's the biggest ass-licker in this town as segredo.
Oh, my God.
Horrible.
If it has to do with Wayne, if it has to do with U of M, those are the two categories, man.
He gets his tongue.
He's got a tongue 75 feet long in those two areas.
I mean, Larry King has nothing on him.
Oh, right.
Exactly.
Yeah, my goodness.
Only better suspenders.
Yeah.
Well, I'm not a material here.
Well, thanks for the good news.
And now I feel better because I missed it.
Can I call somebody at this bag?
What just happened to your phone?
Miami Lake.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Eddie at the inspection.
Don't fall off the ladder.
That's not Eddie Brown.
Is it?
No, he's a lighter shade.
Okay.
All right.
See ya.
A lighter shade of pale.
I bet you Eddie's a lighter shade of pale.
Two after stand out there in a three-car this morning.
Getting shot in the arm.
He just standing around, got shot in the shoulder.
Downtown Eddie Brown.
What's it with all these damn U of M football players?
Getting shot all over the goddamn place or shooting it up or whatever they're doing.
Man, there's something really stinks.
You can't spell scum without U of M.
Open lines in Broward.
Fourteen of them right now.
Fourteen open lines in Broward.
Five, two, four.
When we come back after the news, I want to see 178 calls on the Broward lines.
You know what happened in Broward?
They're all on a way to Shloymys right now.
They're on a way to Shloymys and by the way, they're putting all that stuff on special.
Fifty percent off.
But the sale ends at two this afternoon.
Hey, Newt.
We got your contract right here.
Sixteen WIOD by Emmy Ford Lauderdale.
News, talk, and entertainment radio.
Sixteen WIOD.
Hey, great.
Jennifer Jennifer's going in the next six months.
All the ugly people are going out.
All the good-looking young guys are coming in.
Way to go, sweetheart.
Hey!
Just talking entertainment radio.
Sixteen WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
Five, two, four WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code.
It's toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD.
And say you know, one customer's can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A news, talk, and entertainment radio.
Sixteen WIOD.
It's the one to two hour.
What's the matter with Les being all for?
Can't you tell we really love hitting balls?
Yes!
The only thing that separates us from the men.
Is the country club's bathroom stalls?
Let my girlfriend also catty choose the film on the book.
She calls me dirty.
Must die that five-tuney taco.
All right, the still ladies call to me.
Brackdom.
My favorite hola doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
Don't quit me cause I'm a snapper, lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
Brackdom.
I make a mighty time, got caught in the clubhouse.
Let me golf is the only time with the girls.
I'm gay, let's play L-U-G-A.
Still ladies golf to me.
Just lick them.
And ride his disgrace chipset on my face.
Still ladies golf to me.
Okay, it's official.
Now we already knew it.
It was in the papers.
And I told you about it days and days ago.
I told you they weren't going to go out and hire a big name.
Because they don't want to pay the money.
So Panthers general manager,
Brian Murray, you remember the life of Brian?
Concluded as two month search for a head coach by promoting
Doug McLean, the team's director, a player development
and a prosco to that position.
He becomes the player of the Panthers second head coach replacing
the brain dead Roger Nielsen.
Maybe that's the thing.
We want to have like all brain stems as coaches of the professional teams here.
So there we go.
Doug McLean, keep that name in mind.
It's a good Canadian name, ain't McLean, McLean, McLeod, Proudfoot,
all those good Canadian names.
Look at that phone, baby.
What a sad site that is to me.
Two open lines in day, two in Broward.
The two green lines, the two out of state lines, the two in town lines,
the out of this world lines.
It's desperate, deadly.
But I'll wait.
And we still never had one person to watch that thing on A&E last night.
That thing had a lot of hype.
A lot of hype.
I missed the hype and the show.
Well, I definitely didn't have a lot of hype here.
It had a lot of hype around the country.
So if you missed it last night, consider yourself, whatever you were doing instead,
consider you spent the time, I held up a lot better than if you watched it.
It sucked.
It was a real pseudo intellectual.
Basically what it was, it was a hatchet job on CNN number one,
which I think is totally uncalled for.
And number two, on right wing talk hosts, which I also think is uncalled for.
See, that's the way the right wingers always have felt.
Well, if we disagree with you then like the religious right, you know,
then your opinion isn't covered by first amendment.
It's only people who agree with us.
Well, that's a bunch of crap.
But now all of a sudden we have pseudo liberals turning around saying,
well, it's all these ultra right wing alarmists down here.
They're the ones creating the problems.
Bull crap.
The people are the ones creating the problems.
And if that's the kind of people we got, well, we're going to, well, you know,
that's what's going to happen to us.
Well, after suffer the fallout, got it?
You don't got it.
Two open lines in Broward.
But I will wait until every goddamn one of those dating Broward lines is filled.
And I'm not going to make a move.
I'm not moving a muscle.
I'm not moving Mr. Muscle.
I'm not even touching it.
By the way, we got tropical Chevrolet on here, which thank God they're great people.
They've been very nice to me over the last couple of years here.
They take care of my Corvettes.
They do a great job.
They got great service.
And I'm going to be buying my vets there in the future.
And I just, they sent the brochure on the 95 vets because the 96s are coming out any day.
And I'm looking at the colors here.
Do you know they have the car that I've been looking for forever?
Dark purple metallic.
Now, I know they've only got a handful.
I think they got six vets left on a lot.
But man, if they had or could find for me a brand new 95 dark purple metallic vet,
I would get rid of one of those 94s faster than you can say slime ball.
Man, is that a beautiful color or what?
That's exactly what I want is a purple vet.
Not that burgundy.
I mean, there have been some colors close out of the several vets I've had.
What was the one with the 40th anniversary?
What color was that?
Navy.
No, no, no.
It was not blue at all.
It was like a, it was kind of like a purplish burgundy something or other.
Do you remember that 40th anniversary one when I was extra expensive?
But this color here, at least what I see on the thing, man, that looks like it.
I think I just struck the mother load.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just came back from vacation.
I was up in Washington, D.C. with my wife and two kids.
Yeah.
But people up there are totally different.
I mean, Maryland, Virginia.
You go around and say, I'll load you how you're doing.
But people everywhere I totally different.
Yeah, absolutely correct.
You know, there's no question about it.
I'm originally from Connecticut.
I went up to Foxwoods.
And you talk about an ultra conservative state.
Connecticut is very conservative, but they have the gambling up there.
And they take it seriously.
The place is rocking and rolling.
It bus loads of people from Massachusetts, New Jersey are going up there.
It's unbelievable.
New York.
It's incredible.
They can't get gambling down here and I understand it.
Well, I understand it very, very well.
Because I've been here long enough to understand these people.
Stone Age.
How's the diet going?
The diet has come to a screeching.
I'm in limbo.
Uh-huh.
Just call me Mr. Limbo.
I lost bike.
I only needed to lose like 12 pounds.
Yeah.
I lost 12 pounds within two weeks on this thing.
Great.
It's incredible.
Well, I'm not getting in any back, but I'm just in neutral now.
The guy calls before and says, well, you got to cut out the cheese.
You've got a yeast problem, which he does talk about in a book.
And I mean, I'm just frustrated because I think I've been doing, you know,
with a couple exceptions pretty damn well, I sure haven't been eating any sweets or anything really bad.
And I just can't make any more progress.
Were you, were you, I was out of town when Dr. Atkins was down on the 14th.
Oh, we had a, we had a turnout that was incredible.
Yeah, a lot of people are into this diet.
Thousands.
You're doing a good job.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Yeah, but that's the thing.
They're all doing great and I'm, you know, 15 pounds in holding.
I was actually, I was up to about 17, 18.
I would say 15 right now to be very honest.
And I'm just stuck there just get on that scale.
And I actually it's more like 16 or 17.
But I get on the scale just stays the same every day.
And even on days like yesterday, which I thought I did pretty damn good yesterday, I did damn good.
And I get on the scale this morning and they're the same.
It's still stuck there.
Come on, kick it.
Jam it.
Kick it a little bit, bang it around a lot.
Do something.
And it's still just sitting there like a damn lump that needle on at the meter there.
And it's getting me pithed off.
See if I were smart, I'd be saying to myself, yeah, but look at you getting rid of that diabetes medication.
You've got almost all of your blood pressure medication is gone.
I mean, it's miraculous.
My blood pressure is great on hardly any medication anymore.
So I should be ecstatic.
But I'm not.
I created the monster.
Now they're all playing with them.
And I'm sitting on the sidelines watching.
That's the bad part.
You know what I'm saying?
They're all having a good time.
And I'm the one that's just hanging back waiting for some miracle to happen.
In addition to which we still can't find what we're looking for in here.
Instead of eating those nuts just now, it's another example.
Instead of eating those nuts, if we had like the weenie place.
And every guy at that place we hear about, oh, when they're closed to the middle of August,
they're closed to August first.
That goes to show you again what kind of a horse and buggy town this is.
They're closed.
They could have them lined up from here to Savannah, Georgia.
If we had a place with this stuff, you know, we talked about it till I'm blue in the face.
They're all closed.
You can't find them to nowhere.
But our our fat boy down there, he's going to see that meat place today.
The one in plantation.
And I wouldn't be surprised if he leaves there about four or five o'clock.
They'll probably be all out.
114 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
Dad, are we there yet?
Sales people are ice holes.
I'm going to sleep.
Wake up.
Sleepy jury.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Sleepy jury.
Wake up.
All dead.
All 12 are sound asleep.
In those and all for several weeks.
I killed the cold.
It's right as over.
It's quite a shock to see those really freaked.
Wake up.
Sleepy jury.
Wake up.
Sleepy jury.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Okay, 118 at WIOD.
We got two lines in date still sitting there real quiet like.
Because it's Monday, man, and most of them are out of town and leave them alone.
They don't want to be bothered.
They're a bunch of lazy assholes.
Guy called George and said that the whole thing about cheese and yeast, which I'll admit,
that's not a section in the book that I paid too much attention to.
Because, you know, I do shower fairly regularly.
I didn't assume I had a yeast problem, even though it's a different kind.
But anyway, the guy who called you said that's a cheese that you eat,
and let me get to straight, as long as you eat like the regular cheese, like my Yarlsburg.
That's okay, but we need to process cheese like those slices that have got like a bunch.
Again, that's that chemical thing, right?
That's where you got the problem.
So what if I made my cheeseburgers and just sliced my Yarlsburg, thin and melted out in there?
That would be good, huh?
Huh?
You think, I don't know.
See, that's the problem. Nobody gives me any good information.
They want to suck for me all the information like about slumies,
but they don't want to give me anything.
Because they basically don't want me to lose weight anyway.
For Lauderdale, hello.
Sometimes you just go on a plateau.
But for how long? Nine days?
Well, it's a long plateau.
Oh, man, but you get to the top of it and you want to jump.
I got a few things to mention.
Feel like I'm right on the edge of it.
Over the weekend, I happened to catch for the first time on Channel 7, Cinnamon Stofr.
Oh, my God.
That puts that you got on on Saturday morning.
That red neck it is.
My head is brains and is asked.
He does.
Because she is nothing.
You're right, she's nothing.
She's pasty and putrid.
You mean he thinks she's hot stuff, Cinnamon Stofr?
He throws her name out like she is a goddess.
Oh, God.
And I mean, first of all, I can't think of his name, but I've heard.
I've heard.
Chris Baker?
Yeah, I think that's him.
Yeah.
Yeah, and then I have a question for you.
Fat Rich.
Yeah.
Does he have a license plate to say that's fat rich?
Yes, he does.
Well, up until now I thought that you'd been cruel sometimes in your description, but I believe you now.
Oh, no, wait a minute. He's lost the tonne of weight.
No, I just saw him driving.
Yeah, but he's lost the tonne of weight recently.
You should have seen in the old days.
I just saw him sitting behind the wheel.
He's a fat rich who reminds me of my mother.
He's a giant in the industry.
He is just a miserable looking thing.
Well, that's a bad thing to say, even though it's true, but he's a big guy.
You've said it.
What are you going to do?
He used to be enormous.
He lost about 60 pounds.
Oh, well.
So try to envision that.
Well, no, no, thank you.
And especially envision him in that little car that he drives.
Okay?
Yeah.
Now you're getting the picture.
Yeah.
The other thing I want to talk to you about is Bill Colter.
Yeah.
One of your favorite subjects.
I know that you like Bill Colter.
Every day when the radio station does its late in the afternoon of the early evening when
he goes through, he used to call the pattern change.
What is that?
Pattern change.
I mean, when it changed power, change power, change direction.
Well, I've listened to IOD since he came on with Renere and Big Wilson back in the day.
And Larry King, don't forget.
Yeah, and he made Larry King.
Right.
The great entertainers.
Yeah, the great entertainers.
Right.
And he made Larry King what he was.
That's for damn sure.
Because King was never anything by himself.
How'd you like to see Bill Colter with Phil?
They remind me a lot of each other.
I think of that all the time.
That'd be a great thing.
Yeah, they both have the same kind of sense of humor and the same hairdo.
But every day when I'm listening, every time I'm listening to the station, it goes through the pattern change.
Now, this is going on for like 18 years now.
Every time Bill Colter comes to mind, every time I hear that, because he used to make a big deal out of the pattern change.
Yeah.
Yeah, he had a great sense of humor.
He was fantastic.
Great guy.
He was unbelievable.
But just, I just wanted to know that you really appreciated him and you liked him.
You better believe it.
But to see he and...
But you know something?
Entry would be better.
But this town never really did appreciate him.
He was never a big success here.
I know, frustrated the hell out of him when he was on the station two or three different times.
He did okay, but never all that great.
And then of course he was on the QAM in the morning.
They put the final nails in Bill's coffin.
Well, they really stuck it to him.
They didn't do country music or something.
But when he was on in the middle 70s through that period of time, I think the audience that he had really appreciated.
I hope so.
He was just... he was brilliant.
He was a great guy.
But, yeah, that's it.
Thanks a lot.
Ever good to see you.
Well, they found this by the way.
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
But when I listen to your show, you make me smile like a shy girl.
And you can help me get by my friend.
Bill cold at all my radio.
Bill cold at all my radio.
On my radio.
On my radio.
Yes, I am.
See the reason I couldn't find a car for that the other day is because it's in the DCS.
Where the hell I was looking for it beats a hell out of me.
123 at WIOD.
16 WIOD.
Ask us no questions and we'll tell you no lies.
Neil God.
I'm a hell of a you.
All right, good morning ladies and gentlemen.
I'm just so there is no misunderstanding.
Everybody be seated, please, Louis V.
We'll waste time if you're going to keep doing that.
I'm going to stop you right here.
Now I'm making this easy, I'm going to go over.
Council, this whole line needs to be done in a different way.
And now here it is again.
Because you're on earth in the same day.
I'm going to stop you right here.
Everybody be seated, Louis V.
Your honor, I think that I was your share.
I'm going to tell you for the fourth time.
No, sit down.
This is much to do about nothing.
Sit down.
No, I'm serious.
You know something, you're on it.
This is very unfair.
Sit down.
Are you, Louis V.
Afraid of this, Clarke?
Sit down.
Where are you, sis?
On 27, little Andy just came back from the doctor and he said,
I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.
But hey, how can you tell the difference?
So anyway, he's okay.
The doctor checked him out and gave him some, boy, a guy your age
to be going to the doctor for bowel problems.
Isn't that said, man, I can just see Andy 50 years from now
and his little condo and Hollywood on the beach.
Oh, man.
Oh, look at this.
Look what I just found, this old bottle of fiber con.
I remember from 50 years ago the doctor gave it to me
for a similar problem.
Oh, it's in the bag.
Man.
But hey, you know, maybe something about this area now.
Maybe all of the young people are going to start getting constipated
because I think it rubs off.
I think it's catching.
It's in the air.
Here is North Miami.
Hello.
I need you.
Okay, let's go to a parkland.
Hello.
One thing for sure.
You never saw a 69 me.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Listen, I saw that on A&E last night.
Yeah.
Are you the one who saw it?
Huh?
You're the other guy who saw it.
Yeah, I'm the only one who has four hours to kill, right?
Oh, man.
Kill, I think.
Butchered is the word.
By the way, first of all, that color purple.
You're talking about for that vet.
Yeah.
Man, it's outstanding.
Dark purple metallic.
Anything with a good paint at that.
Yeah, I agree.
I don't know why I paint the crap, Camaro.
No, I'm the clear is okay.
I was just thinking.
Here.
What got me was how phony the news people are.
You know, what they put them through and everything.
And, you know, where your hair like this and your makeup like that.
Yeah, the first hour was the best part.
You know, even though they just had that dumb little bitch
from New York, Pennsylvania.
Right, yeah, right, that was right.
But after that, I mean, what the hell was the point?
I mean, if you like CNN fine, if you don't like it, that's okay.
Did they chop them up pretty good?
Yeah, they chopped them up.
I would see what the purpose.
I mean, it's an all-new station.
So naturally when there's some major event like when a challenger blew up.
Right.
But when we had the war in the Gulf or whatever,
naturally when it earned the OJ trial,
they're going to get a much bigger viewership.
To me, it sounded like they were trying to make you look like Ted Turner started to war for ratings.
You know?
Is that it?
That's what it sounded like.
And then of course the thing was true about the goodwill games.
Nobody gave a crap about it.
Yeah, but they showed the empty stands.
Which is true.
Nobody cared about it.
And everybody knows that already.
But I was thinking what if they had, instead of using that lady
to use wrist-stance as some of the phonies down here?
That would have been good.
That's all.
I just wanted to tell you I saw it.
And the other thing was the other talk show host like Russian.
I didn't know how big they were after watching that.
Because I can't stand any of those guys.
But man, there's some dumb people to fall for any of that crap.
Exactly.
But you know something?
But that's the point.
If the people are that stupid, then that's what we get.
That you know, this is a nation of stupid people.
Education means nothing in this country.
So we got stupid people running around and they're buying it a bull crap.
That's the way it is.
That's America.
I kept watching it with two hours and then he kept going in our next hour.
And then in our next hour.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Too much.
All right, you know, I'm going to get news.
Glad I'm not the only one who wasted my time.
Right.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Two open lines.
We got the news.
We got the news.
Now, or what?
He just said we got the news.
Where's Jennifer?
Oh, she's in there with Brian.
She's teaching him.
Two open lines and Broward.
Five, two, four.
Cut the crap.
And one in a day.
Seven, five, one.
See, this nothing will ever change.
That's why you got all these people even at this late date.
You know, they're probably people getting really panicky because they said the defense said
is only about a week and a half left in the OJ trial and their thing.
And if that thing is over in a couple of weeks, maybe this, there are going to be millions
of people in this country are going to need therapy.
That's going to be the newest deal is a therapy.
OJ withdrawal therapy.
There will be millions of people who have absolutely no life whatsoever.
What are they going to do with their whole day every day when you take away OJ?
Oivey.
Like my mother.
She said to me last week, she said, now you've been watching the trial.
I said no.
It's boring as crap.
But of course when she says it's boring as crap, that obviously is the tip off right there.
She's watching it every minute and so on.
Sad, very, very sad.
Take up my job, mom.
It's a lot of fun.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I got some questions answered in.
I'm going to September.
There's a McDonald's there.
How's the weather?
Second week, the middle of September.
The weather in Amsterdam is generally pretty bad.
Nobody goes to Amsterdam for the weather.
It's generally pretty murky.
It's pretty close to England.
And they have the same thing with a lot of drizzling and clouds.
It's in what time of year?
The middle of September.
Well, that's a matter of luck.
I mean, you could, how long you going for?
Five days.
Well, after that, I'm going over to Paris for four days.
I would expect weather like, you know, in the mid-up or 50s, low 60s.
You know, it never gets real, real cold.
So maybe down to like 45 at night.
Right.
And it's just a matter of luck.
You know, you might hit a hot spell.
Like last year, we went there in July.
In early July.
And it was like 87 and human.
It was like boiling scorching, which it almost never gets that hot.
Right.
So it's just a matter of luck.
But don't expect great weather.
Take an umbrella.
I'm serious.
And as far as getting around, you took taxis.
Is that how you're going from like wherever you're going?
Throughout the city.
No, you walk really.
It's easy to walk around unless the weather is crappy.
They have, they've got a tram system.
They've got buses.
They've got cabs.
Cabs are pretty, you know, you really don't need cabs.
Right.
Pretty easy town to walk around in.
The only problem you'll have is the names of the streets.
Right.
So get yourself a good map and get an idea of, you know, because we'll just
work all and vestige.
I mean, it's an eastern west.
It's, they all sound the same.
They all got like 400 letters.
Right.
But once you look at a map, it's not that hard.
And as far as sight's not the mist.
I mean, I would go see the Anne Frank House.
Yeah.
And other than that, I mean, it depends on what you're into.
If you're into art and artsy stuff like that in the Royal Palace, you can go see that.
Right.
If you're into like living and breathing people, you just go outside and you won't miss anything.
So walk and get your own pretty much everywhere.
You bet.
Terrific.
Have a great time, pal.
It's a lot of me.
Yeah, Amsterdam's a hell of a place.
It's a little bit too sleazy for me to ever want to be there a hell of a long time.
But you know, a little sleaze once in a while is okay.
Unlike down here where we don't want any sleaze, we want a lily white.
We want it so perfectly clean.
We want everybody to be like a unique down here.
That's what it's all about.
Everybody should be a unique.
Don't even talk about it much less.
Do anything.
That's the deal.
And it's goddamn Jesse Helms and Newt Gingrich.
Oh, yeah, we love that cigarette lobby, baby.
See, that's, but that's nothing new.
The Republican Party's always been on the side of big business and let them do whatever they want.
And pollute the year in the water and kill people with every kind of poison product that's ever been invented.
Deregulate everything for fun and profit.
So why should that be any surprise?
While this homophobic fat jackass from North Carolina is running around.
Well, we don't want to fund no more AIDS research.
Could all have faggot that do any of that.
You know, they're, they're, they're, it's their own destructive behavior.
Right.
Just like the smokers, it's their own destructive behavior.
So let's not spend any more money on cancer research either.
Brilliant.
Okay, that's a great idea, Jesse.
You jackass.
You fat tub of crap.
I mean, if you ever thought, if you ever doubted that crap could walk,
just take a look at Jesse Helms, okay?
Because there is crap on two legs, make no mistake about it.
Of course, he's a big hero down here because he said the right two words.
Liberty, power, shoot.
Or three, whatever the hell it was.
How's Fidel's daughter doing, by the way?
She's doing Larry King.
135 at W.I.O.D.
Oh, no.
Yes, sir.
Hey, don't first time call.
All right.
Great.
Why do you think about that diet?
The Hacking has died.
Yeah, you're doing good, huh?
Nine pounds in one week.
Oh!
Great.
But what a funerado.
I was just here on the radio on my car.
Yeah.
And I heard you were going to call the Hydrae Bread.
Oh, yeah, it's Slimy's, yeah.
Where do you get that at?
Shlimy's market.
Shlimy's?
Shlimy.
Where's that at?
Let's see.
What's your address again?
197-400 East-Hallondale Beach Boulevard.
197?
Yeah, 197-4-00 East-Hallondale Beach Boulevard.
Oh, great.
You know, that recipe's gotten back into book for the bread?
Right, yeah.
That's where it's at.
Oh, good.
So you don't have to go through a patching around making it yourself?
Oh, because I've been going crazy without no bread.
There you go.
But I've been eating a lot of hamburger steak, lobster, shrimp, everything.
I can't beat it.
And the same thing with soda, no caffeine.
Right.
But I'm living on salsa.
What's wrong with that?
No, it's good.
It's all right.
Okay, keep it up, pal.
Thanks a lot, Al.
See ya.
Bye.
Open line of dates.
7-5-1.
I'm going to keep giving it my best shot.
I'm going to go for another month.
I'm going to go for another five months.
I'm going to do anything I can just to get that needle on the scale to move.
Move it already.
Move it.
Drop it.
What I'm going to do, I think, is just psychologically I'm going to like move it back myself.
You know how they have that little uh...
Yeah.
I'm going to move it back to so it's about 10 pounds below the zero.
Get on here and say, all right.
Look at that.
I've lost 80 pounds just since yesterday.
Must have been those nuts.
Sometimes nuts will do it for you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
When it's time to taste.
Oh, my phone's going crazy.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I'm a frame rep.
I saw optical frames.
Yes?
I met you a couple of weeks ago.
I was thinking you do need a new frame.
Yeah.
I know what I mean.
When you looked at it, you thought I had a new frame.
Yeah, yeah.
You got plastic.
You need a nice metal frame on your face.
What do you mean a nice metal frame?
What are we doing?
We are in a plastic frame now.
No, I have a metal frame.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Man, I've got a metal frame.
You had a plastic frame a couple of weeks ago when I met you.
It was real big.
It was a little big for you.
It's not a plastic frame.
It's their metal.
What just happened?
What the hell just happened?
He said his phone was going nuts.
This is your...
What the hell happened?
It was phone diars.
That's just a nut.
Plastic frames my ass.
Where the hell is he?
Have you understand that?
Out of all the bizarre things that we've ever had on a phone.
Here's the guy that calls me.
Hello?
Yes?
Neil, so my phone cracked out.
Sorry.
I'm going to pay for it.
I think you're at a pay phone.
I'm back to get a quarter and I heard you on the radio saying where he goes.
I called you this time.
You don't have to worry about it.
Oh my God.
Thanks a lot.
I don't wear a plastic.
I haven't had plastic frames in years.
I apologize.
It didn't look at to me.
They just look crappy and chinsies.
That what you're trying to say.
They're a little oversized.
You need a nice Italian designer.
What do you mean they're oversized?
They're a little big for your face.
No, they're not.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not saying anything.
I haven't had a school yet.
I haven't had a   school like before.
I haven't had a novelty school like before.
I haven't had amusic class.
Ly Stunden Gad two six e Episode 11
Lykgunn
I haven't had a fever at sea.
the diplomat? Yeah, what's the number there? 1750. 1750. Yeah, East
Island, the Elbeach Boulevard. Oh, no, no, wait a minute, it's West. Oh, West
Island, the West Island, the Elbeach Boulevard. Oh, okay, I'm on the wrong
side. Yeah, head West, yeah, go West, young man. Okay, good luck. We have an
open line in date 751 W I O D in two on a green lines 1 800 944. How's the
Everglades, baby? Maybe it's in Naples. Anyway, 146 at W I O D. I was saying
before about tropical Chevrolet. We are so excited that they're on a year on this
show. I can't begin to tell you because tropical Chevrolet is like our
Paisons. They're right up the street. They've been there in the same spot for
ever and ever for 44 years. 44 years. That's like a lifetime. And they're doing
some construction right now because they want to give you even better
service than ever before. So they're expanding the service department. They're
doing the construction. Thank goodness, but they're breaking ground to bring you even more
service than ever before. Tropical Chevrolet. And let me tell you when it comes to service,
they know these Chevy's. They know your car inside and out. I have all my vets go up there
for service. In fact, they come right down here. They pick them up. They treat me with velvet
gloves. Now, here's the good news for you. If you're a vet lover like I am and believe
me, I don't care. You can spend all the money in the world. You'll never at any price by a smoother
riding. A more beautiful, a more luxurious, a faster car. Put all those things together.
And you got the hottest car anywhere on the road. Believe me. And if you don't believe me,
go over there and drive one, but they've got a half a dozen ninety five Corvettes still on a
lot of tropical right now. And for the final eight days of the month, they ready to do whatever it
takes to get you in the car you want. Okay. And if some of you may have rated automatic news
of USA today, right now the company is given a thousand dollar consumer rebate on Corvettes.
That's Chevrolet. That's doing that. And right now at tropical, they've got a red coupe. That's
one of the six ninety five's they have left. It's a ninety five with Keelah Centri leather interior
standard equipment. It lists a thirty seven thousand three ninety. But tropical Chevrolet is
offering a thousand dollars back from the dealer on this one car. In addition to the thousand
dollar consumer rebates, you can get one hell of a deal on that. Get your ass in there fast and
ask about it because that's going to be gone real fast. Tropical Chevrolet, the best in sales,
the best in service. You can't beat him with a stick. In Miami, shores, they're right up here on
Biscayne and the Biscayne and what's the address up there? Biscayne and like what's the address
George? Tropical Chevrolet in Miami, shores, right up the street at Biscayne Boulevard and whatever it is.
Come see the great ninety five Corvettes in the E.H. Chevy said tropical Chevrolet. What is it?
888. Like I said, 888. Biscayne Boulevard. Okay, well, that would be nice to have in here. I just
mentioned that I know I'm going to pick a lot. But hey, I'm just a miserable old bastard.
And so training camp is finally here. Wow, you're in your air condition comfort and thinking about
a little happy hour after work. Think about the dolphins. Full pads, in full sun and getting down
the business. We're getting down to with 610 WIOD Sports Talk Live from Dolphins Training Camp.
We'll be there for every drill, every grunt and every great plane. Training Camp Live with
DFO and the dolphins on the home of the dolphins. News talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD.
610 WIOD. This talk radio stuff is good for you. Your analyst is pretty sure.
Well, you know, I would like to take a few moments to deliver a little message from the family
and to take it master family. We know that there have been some harsh words spoken about
take it master from some of the scruntled members that are at the time in Canonini. But I ask you,
if this anyway for family to treat each other, of course it's not. We would like to thank a good
friend that that just is the problem for not pursuing that silly little cut case against us.
And perhaps one day we may ask that just as the problem to do, another small favor for us.
I'm sure that they would be happy to do this. Why? Because their family and family always
take spaghetti. Capiche. Also, I would like to tell all the cons that go as I'll tell you.
Take a master is still the safest way to yield 10 tickets to your favorite shows.
And believe me when I say that it's safe, they can be a very fragile thing.
Let us suppose for just a moment that you have decided that you want to see a show.
But you've foolishly tried to buy your tickets from some other ticket service.
You're standing in line when, oh let's say a large vegetable truck comes speeding out of control
and slams into the ticket outlet and kills everybody in line. This is most unfortunate.
I know what you're saying. You're saying that this kind of accident could happen anywhere.
But believe me when I tell you that they're not in the accident.
Owen, please allow me to send this personal message to my good friend Eddie Veta.
Eddie, I just want to let you know that all is forgiven. Come back to the family.
Let's puttlest trouble behind us. But if you feel we still have differences that cannot be worked out,
we could meet somewhere to discuss it further. Perhaps it'll both.
I'm sure you remember the one to which I am, Rathari. Or maybe Louie's in a broad.
Anthony went there often.
So anyway, I wonder if James come, which was worse, the toll booth incident or what's in it,
can't he bates? 151 at WIOD. Here's, see the problem was it was business and he was taken at personal.
Lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
I heard you were getting frustrated because you got stuck on that guy.
And you're the only one who cares. I tell you.
Nobody cares. They're all taken from me. They're sucking his diet out of this book and they're all
doing great. And I'm the one that's sitting here just don't know what to do. Scream or push bananas.
I care. I'm here to motivate you. Okay. I got Chuck for a week. Yeah. And then the following week,
it was a four pound loss. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. I'm a slow burner.
So I'm doing a quick burn right now. I don't want you to lose hope because you've been
the motivating factor for me. I'm not losing hope, but I'm just, you know, I could come on here
and lie and say, oh gee, I lost 30 pounds since I was here Friday. And I could, you know, make it up as I
go along. But what's the point in that? Because I got to go out there and face the pubic. They see me
and say, wait a minute. That guy's a fat slob still. Don't worry about it. You're going to next week.
It's going to happen. You think what do you mean next week? You mean this week when you get on the
scale, but stop getting on the scale every day. That's not how you're wrong. You got to get on the scale
every day. I do it once a week. That's bad. You think? Yeah. Because then you have no idea what's going on.
Even the doctors is every day. As long as your little stick is doing something,
then you know you're on the right track. Yeah. Well, my little stick is doing something.
I'm sure it is. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. You take it up. Keep it up.
Bye. Okay. She says, as long as your little thing is doing something, here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I talked to you last week about, since I talked, I cut out the
diet coke, cutting back on the nitrite. Yeah. I'm up to, I don't know. It's almost a second with 10 days,
I guess, six pounds. Okay. It's okay. Yeah. It's okay. It's okay. Not wrong with that. But I'm fine.
Everybody's going to lose 85 pounds in the first two minutes. I'm fine tuning it. I have a suggestion
for you. Okay. I don't know if you do any exercise. Yeah. Little. I do my treadmill. I'm not the kind of
person who does it normally. Right. You have a pool, right? Yeah. I bought these things called swim
cords that I heard advertised. Actually, it was in the paper. And they let you tie these to your
ladder and then to your ankles. To my ladder? To your ladder or anything that's next to the pool.
What ladder? It has a velcro. Who's got a ladder? You have a pool. Yeah. I don't have a ladder.
You have a, how do you get out of the pool? It's got steps. Okay. You have a railing anywhere in
your body? No. You need to find something to attach one end of it to. Yeah. Yeah.
And the other two ends you attach to your ankles and it lets you swim without having to turn laps.
Well, why do I want to do that? I mean, I'm not as lazy as you are. I know. It comes to the
shock. Yeah. I'm actually like laughing. No, no, it's better than doing it because you have
resistance. Oh, I like it's like twice as hard to swim. You get twice as much out of it. Twice is
hard in the water? It's hard. Very hard. It is very hard. Yeah. Especially in the water.
That's unusual. I thought it would be the other way around. Not if you have no suit on it. It's
very hard. Uh huh. Well, unless it's a real cold water. Yeah. But in any rate, that and cutting back
to almost, you know, I cut back. I was like nothing for three or five days. Well, can I tell you
something? And this is not an excuse. But if I've got something that I can sink my teeth into.
Right. And I'm not rave and honestly hungry all the time, but there are like certain times of
the day when you want to eat like like at lunchtime and dinner time and you know, pretty much that's it.
But in this place like today, we're lost. Now, by now, after all these weeks on this, after the
great success we had with the doctor and everything else, wouldn't you think that they would have
every goddamn day of the week. We've got a couple of days thanks to Woody Graber and only thanks to him
that we get some stuff brought in here. But thanks to our sales department, we got squad. Nothing.
Zero Zippity Doodoox, except a lot of bad copy that makes no sense. That's all we got in his joint.
You need that with these people should be salivating for crying out loud. You better get on the
phone with David Lorenzo, George, right after this show and tell him that we want some of that great
stuff they got down here like on Tuesday tomorrow. You get you get some help. One last thing. Yeah,
we need some help like Shula says we got to have some help. But I'm not giving up on this thing.
You I'm not either. I didn't say I was giving up on it. I'm just frustrated. Thanks. I'm
let me ask you. You said when the use of the name of this place. There's no such places that place.
I can't do it to you. There's no such place. But some lady called last week and I thought she
said the bread of life. I heard her the day I called. She did say that. She did say that. But the
problem is we forgot what it was and we got all these people calling us up. Bugganas and
they're one old bag that called it the beginning of the show. Buggand me because we just can't give
them enough information. I thought it was I thought she had said the bread of life. But I called them
and they said no. They didn't know what I was talking about. They said they didn't know what I was
talking about the bread of life. So we're back to square one again. We don't know. We haven't got
any idea what it is. Not a clue. Okay. So I can't find the soy up powder. I want to make it my
self. Forget about bread. Forget about soy up powder. Forget about that stuff. If you're having a
slow time just stick with the proteins and the fats. Trust me. Believe me. I would be nice to make
it down the road later on. And by that time we'll give you the right name of the place. We want
to make it up devil eggs, right? Whatever you say. Okay. Okay, pal. Good luck. Okay. There we go.
A little bit of oral encouragement there for me because I need a desperately tomorrow. Can we
work on something for tomorrow? I'm calling mommy. Okay. I'm telling her. Forget it. I'll see you
like in a couple of months. I'll see you one of these days. Don't make me no more lunches. Okay.
Don't because I have to go through this big psychotic episode. Well, I'm just trying to make
whatever it's in a goddamn book. Damn it. If you don't want it, don't eat it. And I get there.
There's like 17 different things on the table. 16 of which I can't eat. And then in the hamburger
she's got the onions in there. I told her already. Don't put no onions in there. Ma.
God did it. Just cut the crap. Okay. Just go back and watch OJ and just have a nice life and get
out of my face with all that stuff. And then of course she brings out the little salad with all kinds
of tomatoes and mushrooms, which I also can't eat. And she's got a special salad dressing. I don't
want no salad dressing. Even when I was not a diet, I don't like salad dressing. I like the salad
plain. I know that's unusual, but that's a bonus. I don't need no salad dressing. You have to try it.
It's like when she makes potato pancakes. And I heard no. What was it she makes that you always want
oh, I'd like jello. When she used to before the diet, she would make the diet jello for dessert.
And she's got that ready whip, you know, the locale. I don't want whipped cream on my jello. I don't
need it. I don't really like it on jello on a big hot-fried sundae. Yeah. But on jello, no.
But it's good. So just relax and you know, just cut the crap. And I'm going to bring
something here for tomorrow's Wednesday. Are we getting woody back here again? Our friends at
South Point because that guy called me and to thank me for the great job, South Point,
seafood and steakhouse on the beach. And then maybe Thursday, what are we doing the embers again?
And if I have one more asshole calling this station and tell us that Hank Goldberg owns a piece of
that. We know it. It's a great place. How do you like that? Okay? And if he'd stop eating them out
of business, they might actually make a profit someday. I bet Hank Gold's a piece of that.
A bunch of Yenthas out there. That's all you are. It's a bunch of goddamn overgrown Yenthas.
And by the way, that hideous Nomo, that thing he did on the mound the other day,
that was disgraceful. It was disgusting. You see that and even did it on a slant.
Here's the Lauder Hill. Hello. Lauder Hill. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Gary Cohen. Yeah, Gary.
That's place on earth. I just got that from Italy. Yes, you're right. Exactly. And I was talking with me. Where did you go?
Venice, Florence, Rome, Capri, Milano. All right. And with heaven on earth, just like you were talking about.
Did not I? The food, the people, the climate, the terrain, the sites, the, I mean, what could you want?
Excellent. Beautiful. And then you were talking earlier about the airlines. A little earlier.
The guy coming back in the United Airlines, now they tell everybody to sit down until you get to the
to the gate. Right. Everybody stands up before we get there. This guy puts on the brakes and sits
there for 10 minutes. All right. Good for him. He gets over the wild, speaking tells everybody to sit
down in English and Spanish. I love it. Do you think they sit down, though? Really? No, they want to
down. So the store just has come up and down the aisles and tell them everybody to sit down. We
finally 15 minutes later. He moves the point back to the gate. Good for them. Nice going. United
excellent job. They were great, though, but Italy was having an honor. Amen. Amen to that. See you
in Roma. Thank you. Adios. Are we there? It's bonus there. I get out of the home of Nio Rodgers
and the best legal staff money can buy. 610 W I O D by Emmy Ford Lauderdale.
News, talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
Don't forget to look inside the trunk of the Lexus. Good afternoon.
