Now, the Neil Roger Show, a news talk and entertainment radio,
610 WIOD.
Here's the galley stock, okay?
It's not just Hank Goldberg, it's a hippopotamus.
Hey, stupid!
In 1971, we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors.
Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows.
Windows 95.
Bill Gates' computer hype.
My computer just went down and I can't miss around.
With Windows 95.
The windows.
Their music is an exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world.
Yeah, it pushes badly.
Oh, how mad it's made me.
Hey, come on, Bill Gates.
This software's second ray.
The windows will bring hard rock to your hard drive.
I'll do.
I run you without memory.
The ads.
This lead me out to get it for free.
The windows and the windows 95 tour feel free to crash.
It's been a lot of time with us.
Okay, 1007 at WIOD.
I'll tell you right off the bat, Jeff Rimmer is here today and there are people in the audience saying, who the hell is that?
Who is Jeff?
What are you laughing about?
Just listening.
How long have you been here?
The only reason you asked me to come in today is because you're now concerned about those other guys down the dial.
Sports babe.
Yes.
That's right.
You're really in peace today.
So you're bringing in a guest this morning and trying to...
Bringing in every way.
Absolutely.
Bringing in a guy who almost cracked the one share one.
I think that was during the middle of a hockey season.
Jeff Rimmer is here.
The voice of the Panthers.
Of course, we got the Panthers in heart for the first...
Well, really, the only exhibition game that's going to be in town on Friday night.
And then we got the regular season starting next weekend.
So Jeff came in here to allegedly talk about the Panthers, but we're going to rip QAM for two hours.
Then we got...
What are you laughing about?
We're not letting you in the face.
We're not letting you in the face.
They screwed you over badly.
Well, they did.
In fact, you know what?
You know that Larry just this thing where he's suing us for age discrimination because we candid because he claims he was too old.
Rimmer, it was just the opposite, see?
It was just the opposite.
He wasn't under the age of 10.
So it was too old, but it was like way too old.
You have to be under the age of 10 to work over there in QA.
The direction of that radio station went south a long time ago.
A lot, a lot long before I got there.
Yeah.
But, hey, you warned me.
Right.
You warned me before I went on here.
Falling leaves, not leaves, but the falling leaves.
You notice how Zagaki's out of there now?
And Dave O'Brien?
No, Las...
Is Zagaki.
O'Brien's a pretty talented guy.
And Dave O'Brien is left with the door hitting him from behind.
And he had to like the direction the station was going in.
Yeah.
And rightfully so.
Rightfully so.
I mean, they don't want to spend the money.
They don't want to do sports talk radio.
They'd rather do the Neil Rogers type show.
And they're not going to do it.
They can't do it.
And they got the PD on there anymore.
What does the name ask for?
They got the PD on there trying to be a celebrity.
Ask in the woods.
Ask in the woods?
Yeah, that's yeah.
Well, that's probably where it'll wind up.
But he has time to get through.
He really doesn't have any power.
Anyway, it's strictly a...
He's got your making job that he's got.
Yeah.
So how come you got screwed over there?
What did you...
Who did you piss off?
Was it Zagaki?
Was it Hank?
Was it because you were friends with me?
What is it that you did?
Maybe a combination of all that made you a persona non-grata.
You disappeared faster than the crowd of the...
Well, number one...
Number one, our philosophy is different greatly.
On how to do sports talk radio.
They're collar driven, although I find it rather humorous now
with a collar driven and collar oriented radio station
that they've now gone to five hours of syndicated programming
in the middle of the day.
But I was told, hey, as a flagship station
of the Florida Panthers, you think they'd want to talk some hockey?
You talked more hockey than was ever spoken on QAM.
And they, in fact, discouraged it.
I mean, Zagaki was the program director because he didn't like it.
He knows nothing about it, and he doesn't like it.
He doesn't like it because, as you say, he doesn't know a lot about it.
But one of the great, great stories about Joseph Gackie
that I ever heard was one night the great late John Moynihan
had as his guests.
Red Hourback, John Wooden, the Hall of Fame UCLA coach,
and Jim Brown, the Hall of Fame football player.
The next morning, he was called on the carpet because why?
Because he didn't talk about the great Chinese food restaurants
in South Florida.
Here he has three outstanding guests that sports talk radio and ESPN,
which is on Saturday and Sunday, Sunday evenings on that radio station.
And they die to have those kinds of guests on their program.
Zagaki says, no, we don't want you to talk to those people.
We want you to talk about the Chinese food restaurants in Florida.
Right. Exactly.
Like this morning, I'm coming to work.
Rick and Suds go into commercial break, 20 after eight out, punch over to QAM.
And Asin Woods is doing the sports update.
And before they go into the scores, they're playing a cut from Melrose Place,
from last night, a little piece of the audio, some breathy brought on there,
from Melrose Place.
They just don't get it.
They don't get it at all.
I didn't want to talk about having sex while watching my favorite sports event.
And if that's a sports talk radio station, then we've got some problems.
Yeah.
We've got some major problems.
But hey, I don't want to sound like it's our great.
We don't want to spend two hours because he doesn't want to sound like it's our grapes.
And he came on this show so we could rip QAM and get even with him for screwing him over.
No, I did.
And the fact that a couple of his checks bounced the winner.
Now, is that a true story where their checks bounced in over there?
Yeah.
There was five of us actually just a few weeks before I left.
Including their morning guy, Joe Rose.
Yeah.
Yeah, you really want to set the title of it and tell the two of us.
You want to set the tone with your morning guy and your bounces check.
Nice way to go.
Yeah.
But they made good on it.
They made good on it.
They gave me some cockamame, excuse why it bounced.
But hey, I knew the end was near when the check didn't go.
See, if you would have used the Grecian formula,
if you could have used it to me, we're still a teenager, you might be on the air over there.
I need more than Grecian formula.
Maybe you could have seen Chuck Alphieri.
Okay, so we're going to talk to Jeff Rember about the Panthers are coming up.
He don't want to sit here and trash QA much longer.
But what's the trash?
Look at the ratings.
Yeah.
Check the numbers.
Yeah, check the numbers.
If you got good eyesight.
Okay, and now we're going to do the OJ thing.
How are we cooking on there, by the way?
There we go.
It was the previous August when a man who denestined the list on his,
because of Mark here, real screamer.
It's big of a screamer as Jeff Boss is in the other.
What are you doing here?
I'm not an actor, what?
I didn't know he was going to be here, but he probably brought you one of those nice sets.
Oh, he brought me the pens that Woody Graber stole.
Like I said, always good to see my friend Jeff.
Here's the game.
Touchdown Dolphin!
Then there's the story of the game on Sports Talk 610.
Yes!
This is Monday night, joining D-Fo in the Mad Dog for Sports Talk 610.
Dolphin Edition live from Plano Gens Cafe on 125th Street between 9.5 in Biscayne and North Miami Beach.
Every week you'll get the story of a Fins game right from the players themselves.
Loss, you can win some big prizes like a pool table from brand billion.
The best when it comes to quality billion tables.
Just stop by and register the pool table will be given away at the end of the season.
Each week you can grab a pair of Bushnell binoculars, the eyes of the sports band,
and two pairs of cruise passes on Europa C cruise.
You're winning ticket to Las Vegas Style Excitement on South Beach.
Ship's registry Panama will purchase necessary complete contest rules available at Flanagan's.
Yes, transportation for Sports Talk 610 provided by our bock and channing luxury ground transportation.
Call 1-800-733-2669 for your limo today.
Don't miss D-Fo in the Mad Dog live Monday night at Flanagan's seafood bar and grill on 125th Street between 9.5 in Biscayne and North Miami Beach.
You gotta do it.
610-W-I-O-D burning up foam lines all over South Florida.
Sure, okay 10.15 at W-I-D Jeff farmers here we're going to give a big boost to the Panthers because the season starts in just a few days.
Jeff Moss is in here and I thought he was really here to give me the pen and that other nice gift.
He's just here looking for a free promo again.
Tomorrow they got selected seats from 11 in the morning, a 20 afternoon, the arena, the ice is down.
You can go there and see the ice.
Thank God.
Why is that a big thing?
Thank God.
At least somebody here in South Florida will talk hockey.
Yeah.
And we'll make a valiant effort to save this franchise.
That's what Wayne always says.
Thank God for that goddamn meal.
Wow.
Isn't that what he says?
Well, he says that because sometimes you may be just a little bit off base and your thoughts about the Panthers at Heisen.
How do you like that?
Like as in they're moving out of town and like where do I get most of my information?
Well, let me just say this.
And like Mickey Erison is trying to drive the Panthers out of the ocean.
Well, hey, you and Dave Hyde are the only two people in South Florida that have had the Kahunas in David's J-Neal or whatever it's named.
Well, David Neal.
Okay, that make that three that have the Kahunas to have gone forward and said, hey, this might be the problem.
And in fact, it is the problem.
There was a meeting last week and I understand still Heisen, despite all the stuff that you throw at him, is willing to not only buy the land that it will take to put the proposed arena at least on some solid grounds so we can keep the franchise here.
But it'll go a step further and obviously is willing to pay some of the money that it's going to cost to build the thing.
The fact of the matter is he's going to lose $40 million in the next three years.
Why can't that $40 million go towards building the facility as opposed to continuing losing money in the Miami arena?
And I'm sure he's prepared to make that choice.
In fact, I talked to Bill Torey yesterday, the president now, Hall of Famer, another Hall of Famer on the Panthers.
And another important favor, who's the other one?
Denny Padvent, one of your favorite people.
That was Tunga.
You see, weren't supposed to say that.
I promised you I wouldn't get you one of the things you got to work with a guy.
I know he's a big fan of his.
So let's just skate right on by that.
The point is the point is.
Yeah, you're tough.
The point is this that Wayne Heiseng has already said, and you don't see this as a matter of record.
Has already said to the people that obviously are involved in this whole effort to keep the Panthers here in an arena here,
that he will not take any profits out of the arena if they build the arena.
He wants to build a first class facility, but it goes beyond the 40 or 42 dates that the Panthers will play in it.
It goes beyond the 40 or 42 dates of the Miami Heat will play, but it's an arena that we can use.
What, another 200 days of the year to bring major events to South Florida.
So it goes beyond the Panthers and the Heat having a home to play.
Well, what are you on his payroll now or what?
It sounds like you're paddling the $1.
I just understand it, but I mean, it sounds to me like you're peddling how great this is going to be for the community.
And if it is, if it is, you think that these two guys would jump into it, head over heels, let them.
Let me tell you something right now.
All right, let me give you a great example. I just came, well, not so recently now, but I came from Baltimore.
As you know, one of the great football teams of all time, the Baltimore Courts, they are no longer.
They're often Indianapolis with the Drunk Barber Ursa.
The fact of the matter is, when they left in a snowstorm in 1983, Baltimore did an about face.
They didn't want to get involved in building a new stadium for the Colts.
They didn't want to get involved in building a new stadium for the Orioles and what happened?
They lost a major sports franchise that in reality plays what, 10, 12 home games a year.
But the fact of the matter is it brought something economically to the city.
It brought something in a prestige way to the city.
And the fact of the matter is now they are begging, begging the National Football League to bring back an NFL team to Baltimore,
willing to give them a state-of-the-art facility, turn key operation, no money needed for the facility,
the state will pay for it, the city will pay for it, and guess what?
The NFL says, hey, you left this team walk, there's no reason we're coming back.
And I went to NFL expansion meetings. I went to NFL league meetings for three or four years on the WBAL.
The station I worked for, proudly for 10 years.
And the fact of the matter is, today they are not any closer to getting an NFL team than they were the night the Colts left in a snowy march
early morning hour with the Mayflower moving trucks moving in.
And I'll tell you what, the city has never been the same.
And the same thing will happen here in South Florida.
After this team leaves, what will happen?
Mickey Harrison, a year or two down the road, it will say with Pat Riley and Tau, this facility isn't good enough.
This facility is an adequate.
And if you don't give us, if you don't give us a suitable arena, then the heat will go the way of the four-patter.
But in the meantime, Mickey, you just hit on it.
See Mickey Harrison's a hero now. In fact, I never before until he hired Pat Riley, anybody ever defend him.
And then, you know, I come on and I tell these people that Mickey Harrison's the guy that's trying to drive the Panthers out of time.
You're the only guy to say?
Okay, but the fact is, now they don't want to hear that because he hired Pat Riley.
You would have thought he just brought Jesus and Moses in here together.
And he hired Pat Riley, therefore we can do no wrong. So, Pat Riley doesn't play.
But regardless of that, it was, you know, from a PR standpoint, he's the great guy.
Now, he's the Santa Claus. He used to be, we thought Wayne was Santa Claus.
Now these people as dumb as they are, they think that he's Santa Claus because he's spent all that money.
They paid to Nick's all that money and then they're paying him this big salary.
And they brought Pat Riley into the salvage of the team, they believe.
So you can't knock Mickey Harrison, man.
Well, even if it's true, they don't like it.
The bottom line is the two have got to get together.
Harrison and Heisen, they want, or at least I know that the Panthers want to come to the table, build a facility and not strictly at taxpayers' expense.
But the fact of the matter is, where are the politicians stepping up?
Because I'll tell you, you can go to the governor of the former governor in Maryland, Schaefer, then mayor of Baltimore.
And I left hospitality rooms with him in tears.
Because the legacy that he left in Baltimore later became the governor of the state was that he let the Colts leave in the middle of the night.
And he hadn't been able to forget about it.
Well, you should leave the building with me someday. You know, want to be with somebody who's in tears.
Okay, 1021 at WIOD, Jeff Rimmers here are goosing up the Panthers, which we're trying desperately to do.
Don't forget, select a seat date tomorrow.
11 to 2, Jeff Moss will be there. You can go out there, you can buy your season tickets.
You can buy at the box office, your individual game tickets and the CD ice and get into mood.
Because it's going to be starting with the exhibition game on Friday.
610 WIOD learning to be humble, but not making much progress.
Oh my God, if you play Hank Goldberg again, I'm going to fucking throw up.
Okay, I won't put you on a spot and ask you about Hank, because I know you in here very tight and you got along real well.
And that's the end of that.
Okay, and he's rolling his eyes.
I know you want to be Mr. Non-Committal, because one day you want to weasel your way back in there, you're figure they're going to carry the Panther games on Chris Moore.
I know, you'll carry the Panthers.
You think so?
Panthers day.
Yeah, well you won't be doing them then.
I talked to your general manager. He'd like to have the Panthers here.
Oh yeah?
Now the guys are just doing pretty good things. He says a lot of things.
You know, he just rambles in coherently.
So anyway, I don't want to spend a whole two hours talking about the arena or not, but I mean if we don't have the Panthers next year, it makes this season, you know, to know that number one, it's a lame duck season.
And number two, Wayne is already said if by the first of November, he's been doing a sense of.
Well, where the self-lord of politicians let him stand up and be counted.
Where were the politicians just a couple of weeks ago when they had break out 95 over Joe Robby Stadium.
I was there both days.
Saturday, it was a mob scene outside the stadium.
There were something like five, six thousand people there on all these portable roller rinks playing either street hockey or roller hockey.
It's brought an identity to sell Florida. It's one of the fastest growing sports.
And there was nobody there.
Nobody from the political arena.
Excuse me, but going back to the end of last season, the end of the short and season, he starts given deadlines.
First, it was going to be sometime in the summer.
Then it was going to be later in the summer.
Now he says by the first of November, if he doesn't have a commitment, then he's going to have to start making a deal to move the team out.
Now, how is it going to be if the early November we've never said, let me correct you on one thing.
He never said that he would move the team out as of November the first.
He said he will have something to say.
He didn't say what's he going to say?
Well, happy I don't know what he's going to say, but I'll tell you, he never said that he was going to move the team out.
But suppose he does what he does.
Look what they went to.
Look what they went to.
He's going to keep the team here in South Florida.
Look what they went through and Quebec for crying out loud.
That was it.
That thing was going on for months there for how about New Jersey?
They're playing the Stanley Cup final.
So they'll tell me about South Florida.
They want to Stanley Cup there.
They didn't know when they hoisted the cup at the Metalands Arena that they're going to have a hockey team there.
As you were playing in New Jersey and you had the chance of getting out, that wouldn't be something that would be a negative.
You'd be looking forward to it getting out of Jersey.
Well, I'll tell you it's a greater arena, but New Jersey, eight for me.
No, and it's not for them either.
They have a phantom support there in New Jersey.
They don't have like a real great fan base.
Well, the problem is there's three teams in the Metropolitan New York.
And the Islanders don't have a real fan base anymore either.
And they've got a bad arena too.
The NHLs got some problems they had.
The salaries are just out of control.
And the arenas, many of them are outdated.
New York Islanders, when Dennis Pott van and the others won all the Stanley Cups was a great arena.
It's now outdated.
They need a state of the art facility as well.
And if you're going to keep these teams here.
And when Pegas playing a lame duck season, they're going to Minnesota.
And they're going to Minnesota, which Minnesota, I guarantee you, just as sure as I'm sitting in this chair, Minnesota bombed before.
What the league is thinking about? I mean Gary Bettman needs a shrink.
They need serious help.
What are they thinking about?
I don't care how much money they're dangling anybody's face.
They failed before. They were given tickets away and they couldn't feel the seats right on the hockey.
High school hockey is king in Minneapolis, St. Paul.
And they held draw and did out draw the North Stars for years.
Years.
And even on the heels of when the North Stars had that great year, what, four or five years ago when they had the great season and played the penguins in the finals.
And they still weren't drawn.
Atlanta.
They talk about Atlanta potentially being a future home.
Another place that already failed.
They have the omnis there, but they're going to build a state of the art hockey facility.
And they will get an NHL franchise there.
Portland, Oregon.
Where would you ever think that Portland would be a host of an NHL team?
Why would you be looking at more expansion when there's so many teams already in trouble?
That's what I don't understand.
This is what's killing off because the NHL needs the money.
The owners need that influx.
There's no television deal.
They need the expansion fee.
What a high zing a pay.
$50 million.
Right.
So before we even talk in terms of his losses today,
talk in terms of the start, let's talk in terms of the startup costs and the $50 million franchise fee.
When he bought the team, Blackbuster Park was still going to be a reality if you recall.
Yeah.
And had Blackbuster entertainment after he paved the way for Blackbuster to take over.
Had they kept the plans, we wouldn't be sitting here discussing the Panthers and potentially leaving this area,
based on the fact that they'd have an arena to play in.
Hopefully in the next year or so, but it's not going to be.
So what's your guess?
Let me put you on the spot.
What's your guess?
My guess is if the politicians get involved and understand that they're not building an arena for Wayne Hizing.
They're not building an arena for the Panthers.
They're not building an arena for others.
Is that going to happen?
I'm hoping that there'll be some public crime.
I'm not asking if you're hoping or if you think it's, I'm asking if you think that's realistically going to happen.
Yeah, I think the Panthers will stay.
I've got to think that way.
Wishful thinking.
It is.
It is.
It is a lot of us hope that they stay, but I just don't see that no one of politics is needed.
Hey, for a guy, look at Joe Robbie.
Same thing.
I mean, the dolphins was the only thing.
There was no marlins.
There was no heat.
There was no Panthers.
The dolphins were the only game in town.
And back in those days, Hurricane, you could have your own section at the Orange Bowl for the Hurricanes.
Nobody cared.
And Joe Robbie would have moved that team out of here if he wouldn't have been able to put the financing together himself.
If you're looking at pointing fingers, maybe the finger pointing should be in the direction of the politicians here in South Florida.
The state, the local.
Those are the people that should have the fingers pointed in their direction.
I didn't even mention the 8,000 people that were at hockey fest at the Fort Lauderdale Convention Center.
It was amazing.
You couldn't walk.
Literally could not walk around that facility.
The place is crazy for hockey, NHL, Rollerhockey, Street Hockey.
And the politicians in South Florida are going to let this team walk away.
That's a mistake.
And I'll tell you, Heiseng is willing to make a bigger commitment than anybody said at this point in time.
Okay, so the bad guy is Mickey Ererson and the politicians as of right now.
Okay, let's talk about the team that we're going to have.
We got a new coach.
Now, let's back up.
He wants a piece of you too.
I got a piece for him.
Okay.
He wants a piece of me for quite a lot of the guy.
I haven't even started the season yet.
He doesn't want you to say things that you had said last year as a matter of fact about Roger Nielsen.
Which we're all true and which you were agreeing with.
What are you laughing about?
The guy is gone.
Now he's in St. Louis sitting up there at the end of the bench playing.
He's taking the show.
I can't say a thing.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, right.
Roger Nielsen.
Come on.
Let's hear about Roger Nielsen.
You know, once in a great while, even Chris Moore, even the deadly Chris Moore at the end of some of those broadcasts.
I'd be getting in a car and driving home and his guy comes on here.
And once in a great while, or some of the times when you were on there doing the color when the game wasn't being televised,
guys ripped into Roger Nielsen for exactly the same reasons.
The team was playing at God damn clutch and grab that boring style.
There was no offense.
Guys who were sticking the joint out.
If there were Roger's favorites, if they were, he played favorites, you can't do that.
It was very frustrating when the hockey team...
I want to mention Joe Cerella or Brian Benning.
When the hockey team had an early lead, won nothing, they kind of go in that pre-venting...
In the worst show.
...for the last 55 minutes.
From that standpoint, I think Panther fans are going to be very excited about the product they see this year.
But what is really encouraging are the good young kids that many we might see in the next year or two.
I'm still not 100% hopeful that all these kids that are impressing at training camp are going to be on the hockey club.
But one thing for sure, they're going to play a lot more exciting hockey.
They may not win as many games and be in a playoff hunt.
But then again, Murray and McLean both say that they intend to make the playoffs with this hockey club.
It's going to be awfully tough though.
They're in a tough division.
They're in a tough conference.
But the fact of the matter is, there's some exciting times ahead.
Hopefully here in South Florida because there are some good young players.
And Brian Murray told me to tell you personally that it won't be too long before the Panther is just annihilate your favorite team.
The Mayhem Force.
Yeah, a fat chance.
No, but it is good that this season, last year that abbreviated season, it was a nightmare.
It was better than nothing at all.
I'll grant you that.
And we didn't have a little bit of excitement, especially with the flyers, I would say, in a playoffs.
We had some exciting playoffs.
The devil's not, which we'll get into that thing about the obstruction rule later.
But you know, the fact is that it was a real bummer not to be able to see the teams in a Western conference.
You got not just the Leafs, but you got the St. Louis and Arizona exciting team.
The Red Wings are an exciting team to watch.
Now granted, it's tough playing a lot of those teams.
And I can't take a too many teams that are going to be more exciting than Vancouver this year.
Let me tell you a team to watch and they may be here, I think early in the season, I don't have my schedule in front of me.
But I think the Blackhawks are here in October or November.
Jeremy Roner is going to be gone, by the way, just never I told you that.
I got a rumor for you.
Yeah.
I got the rumor rumor of the day.
Yeah.
And the hot story right now.
And he's not even calling me at home to tell me.
See, this is why I had you in here because I got a dentist deployment to say I've known.
And I can't sit around waiting for the guy named Fondering this afternoon all day.
Let me tell you that there's a three-way deal pending between the island and the West.
And the leaders Winnipeg and Chicago.
Now, Kachuk, who is one of the outstanding young players in the league, is not going back to Winnipeg.
Will not be signed.
The islanders are proposing a trade where they'd say and Wade Redden, who is their number one pick,
and outstanding young defenseman and Scott LaChance, another good young hockey player to Winnipeg in exchange for Kachuk.
Kachuk then would be flip-flop to Chicago for Jeremy Rohnick.
And apparently what's holding up the deal right now is talk that Steve Thomas,
Chicago would like to have Steve Thomas included in the deal.
He played in Chicago previously.
Yeah, but I keep hearing that Panthers want Steve Thomas.
Yeah, the Panthers want to get him.
I don't think so.
Don Maloney won't even return Brian Murray's phone calls now because he's upset that the Panthers thought and thought hard about even offering Steve Thomas a free agent contract.
Well, speaking of Bill Trey, by the way, Rose had him on a couple of mornings ago there on QAM,
and Joe really being on top of things, says, well, when you guys are going to offer the BZR contract, he's got a contract.
Well, the rest of us who know about anything know that already.
And of course, and then there was the thing about long-term contracts and all that.
Joe's too busy talking Dan Marino football.
Yeah, that's it.
But the fact is that this team tried to trade the BZR.
I mean, let's lay it on the table.
I mean, he's here now.
He's shut out Winnipeg the other night. That's seven-nothing game.
But the fact is nobody wanted him.
Well, hard is that may be to believe for a lot of people.
Nobody wanted him.
Again, it's an economical thing.
And it's the fact that John Van Beesbrook has a label that when things get tough, he doesn't play his best hockey.
Yeah, but take a look in St. Louis for me, rather they're throwing around money like it's coming out of a faucet.
Aren't interested in him.
Mike, you know, yeah, but wait a minute.
Mike Keenan signs Grant Führer.
He gives up five goals in 12 shots the other night.
The crowd is booing mercilessly.
Every time he would stop like a clear end pass and just shoot into the corner, the crowd was derisively cheering him.
They already realized that they've got a stiff there.
And this guy's getting like, how much is he getting paid there?
Over a million dollars.
Exactly. I went to Hawaii this summer.
Probably never going to play a game for the Blues.
I went to Hawaii this summer.
And you should go.
I know you're going to be going to Hawaii at some point, but Maui's the place to go.
And we've had our debates about that one.
But I get into the hotel, check in.
Who's the first guy I see?
Grant Führer.
He's overweight.
He looks like he's on his shape, which he was because he even passes physical.
But this guy, I said to him, I said, Grant, I thought you were going back to Edmonton.
He's from Edmonton.
I was going to go back and play with the oilers and live at home from Spruce Grove, Alberta.
He said he was going home until the Blues offered him so much money.
He had to take it.
And that's Mike Keenan.
But Mike Keenan does not like John Van Beesbrook.
So what does that tell you?
Well, it tells you that Detroit.
Now Van Beesbrook's a native of Detroit.
He played for little Caesars.
Mike Elich, the only other midget team, came through their system and Detroit at one point, slightly interested.
And then they went and asked Hillary.
They asked Hillary if he wanted Van Beesbrook and he, too, did not want John Van Beesbrook.
There's only one team that apparently really had some legitimate interests.
Mike Milbury and the Islanders.
He is not satisfied with his goal, Tony.
Nor should he be.
And especially won't be satisfied with his defense if they give up two young defensemen like Redden and the other kid LaChance for Kachuk and then Flip Flop and for Ronik.
Ronik could be playing on a hockey team with nobody else there on the Island.
There's one team that I know the Panthers will finish well ahead of.
But even Mike Milbury isn't willing to pay the price and it would take to get a John Van Beesbrook.
You're not going to give him away.
Okay.
So that's the real confidence boost.
There's 1037 at WLD.
Jeff Rimmer is with us.
We're talking Panther hockey.
The most successful offer in Southeast Toyota history is now bigger and better than ever and only Kendall Toyota's got it.
To close out the 1995 model year, Kendall Toyota will pay at least four grand for your trade no matter what condition it's in, no matter what kind of a piece of
Dreck it is.
If you can get it down there, man, they'll give you four grand toward the purchase of any brand new 95 Corolla DX Corolla wagon,
Camry DX, Camry LA Camry V6 Camry XLA, Passay Oseleca Avalon T100 Prevy of Anne, Tacoma Truck Land Cruiser Super or Four Runner Left in stock.
And like I said, get at least four grand for that trade and everybody who buys right now, a Kendall Toyota gets an AT&T cellular phone at no extra cost.
You can't beat him anywhere in town, anywhere in the state, anywhere in the world.
Kendall Toyota on US one just out the day land.
Price is based on MSRP Excludes Select models not conjunction with any other offer or price.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOV are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOV programs are copyright 1995 by WIOV Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOV.
Okay, 1040 at WIOV, Jeff Rimmers here basically because he's sick of playing golf and he's been sitting around on his ass for months and months now waiting for the damn hockey season to start again.
Because he got screwed over at QAM and he's been calling me on a phone and driving everybody nuts and now we're getting ready to start the season again.
So Doug McClain is the new coach. We got rid of Roger. You obviously were a little on an on-committal side there.
Didn't want to say too much because you never know you might wind up doing a blues game someday.
No, I understand the way you work. I mean this guy's a smooth operator.
He's always covering his ass a little bit because he might be working over here.
He might go to Toronto, replace you McDonald on global. All the way.
I have my doubts. You might go to do for your country.
Mike go to Pittsburgh, replace Mike Lang at KBL.
No, no, thanks Mike. Mike's a legend in Pittsburgh.
And listen, you got to stop saying what is this Mike?
What is this Mike?
My do not just like.
Is it a personal thing or what is it? Nothing personal.
I like Mike Lang. I just don't like the stick. That's all.
What is that?
Wow. Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
Yeah.
So in other words, the guy's got personality.
You know, that's not personality.
What is it?
Hockey can be on his own.
Why is he so great?
Why is he the valvish?
This is left for the lane.
I had him on the year.
You heard the day I had him on the year.
He's the best ever.
The best hockey announcer in the history of the sport.
I thought Bill, you it was.
Oh, next to Mike Lang.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, Bill, you it was great.
He didn't have any personality.
Mike Lang.
See, one thing about Toronto announces, and you know this,
although I will say Joe Bowen's got a little personality.
I know you don't like him that much.
He's a screemer.
But he's a screemer, but at least he's got some personality.
Bob Cole is great, but you got to admit, no personality.
None. Zero.
Bob's a great announcer.
Best of all time is the late Dan Kelly.
No, he was not the best of all time.
He was great, but if I have to hear again,
Sanders, it's all subjective.
There are a lot of people that don't like you.
Next you're going to tell me that John Kelly is the best.
Now is that also supposed to be a secret or not?
No, talk about that on here.
I mean, there are a whole bunch of, where did I just start this, so any of you?
Man, it managed to, oh, again, Roger Neilson.
You keep backing off that goddamn Roger Neilson thing.
I was going to talk about Doug McLean.
In fact, we got a new coach.
A lot of people said, well, he worked with Brian Murray and Detroit.
He's just going to be a yes, man.
Brian's really pulling the strings.
And then of course, you're good buddy.
Denise Pott van goes on her and manage in a DFO show that night on Channel 33 with a big exclusive.
That Brian Murray is going to be coaching the team before he named Doug McLean,
which then he had to eat curl about.
And I hope it tastes good.
I hope he had some horse radish for Dennis.
You idiot, Denise.
Ah, you're tough.
No, I'm not tough.
He went on there with a big exclusive.
If you're going to open your mouth, especially on TV and tell people something,
you've got to pretend like you know what's going on.
And he obviously did not.
Well, Brian Murray was never going to coach this team.
No, he was not.
But I'll tell you towards the end, it was considered.
It was considered by Brian.
And it was certainly considered by the higher ups in the Panther organization.
But the decision was made to hire Doug McLean and talking to some of the players from Greensboro.
And I'm going to hit Jacksonville, the more to see the team play.
I think that it was a good decision.
The players really feel loose.
And I think they're going to play for Doug McLean and play well.
So in other words, you're saying he's not going to be Brian's puppet.
He's going to be his own man.
He's going to be his own man.
But as Doug McLean says himself, why wouldn't I listen to Brian Murray third winning this coach in the history of the National Hockey League?
And why wouldn't I listen to Bill Torrey, the president of the Panthers, a guy that's one four Stanley cups and building teams?
Okay, now we got some good young kids, which you talked about.
They got Jovenoski, who luckily for us didn't wind up getting charges.
You know, they dropped the charges.
And but most of the young kids, like you said, are a year or two away.
Okay.
Well, here's the dilemma.
Here's the question.
Philobustering.
Now I thought I got Philobustering the other day.
Let me just finish the question.
Okay, go ahead.
I'm sorry.
All right, you're talking about the good young kids and you asked me the question.
Most of them obviously aren't going to be here.
Well, they could be here.
And I'll tell you what, the kids are making it awfully tough for this organization.
You've got a kid by the name of David Nemurovsky.
Slated to go back to Ottawa this year.
He probably has been the biggest surprise and the most impressive of all the kids at camp.
Rhett Warner, another kid with junior eligibility expected to go back and play in Saskatoon.
These kids are playing so well.
The dilemma here is that the Panthers have five or six players that these kids could unseat.
But when they do that, there's an economical factor in it all.
They either have to trade the players and there are a lot of teams in the same situation
that have a lot of players and quite frankly, not too many takers to the point where,
unless they buy these players out of their contracts, a lot of the veteran players will still be on this hockey club
with a lot of the kids that still have junior eligibility remaining,
being given an opportunity to go back and play their final year of junior,
which may not be the best for the organization, which may not be the best for the kids,
because quite frankly, if they're good enough to play on this hockey team, they should be here.
But it becomes an economic factor and again, we go back to that arena thing.
Now, the Panthers had that arena or the arena been in sight.
I don't think it would be a problem with some of the contracts with the Panthers, probably would have to eat.
But my point is this, you've got a new coach.
A lot of people were very unhappy with a style that Roger played.
There were those people who said, well, it's an expansion team.
If he doesn't play that clutch and grab, we're going to get blown out.
Every game is going to be 7-1. Nobody's going to want to go to see that.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
I'm going to have to go to the next game.
The other two barons were
Stew Barnes was
One boss war
He came back after the eye injury.
He came back after the eye injury.
Foodени 자연
Wanepic
windipig
open up some more room for the young kids.
Well, if they continue to play well
in these last four exhibition games,
starting tomorrow night in Jacksonville,
they may be pressed to either trade these players
or make some other financial arrangements.
Why did you put your glasses on just now?
You know, we got to see about.
Are we gonna get serious now?
I think I just,
I got my roll of deck.
I've never seen you put glasses on.
I think he's gonna get real serious.
I've got my roll of deck here.
And since I've been inactive.
He's gonna start name dropping.
Okay, 45 minutes for Tino sister,
and I was, you must have learned that from Hank at QA.
I'm about to name dropping,
because my home ain't sure.
I like between next to Larry King and Hank Goldberg,
you could be the number three name drop,
or I've ever known in my life.
Listen, I made my life in this business in radio,
and I've got a philosophy.
While other radio stations can talk about the Dodgers being
involved in a playoff chase with a Colorado Rockies,
and talking or getting a voice clip from Tom Lasorta
after the win last night.
I'd have Tom Lasorta on my talk show.
When Cal Ripkins breaking the record
that was longstanding and rightfully so,
Lou Gehrig's record, I'd have Cal Ripkin on my talk show.
And Dan Moreno and Zagaki didn't want you to do that.
He didn't want you to have any guests.
No, no guests.
How can you do a sports talk show and not have any guests?
Because we're collar intensive.
Or so we thought they were until they put
all us in to get a programming on.
Okay, see now he's starting to warm up a little,
but I think it was the glasses.
It's like Clark Kent, 1049 at WIOD.
Yeah, sure.
610 WIOD.
Dad, are we there yet?
You know, this car machine ain't working by the way.
Can we fix it the next time we have a guest in the studio?
12 goals against in two games,
but he has been a strong Philadelphia flyer
since Bobby Clark acquired him.
And I think you'll see the best in Hextal.
The fans will be on him and the Rangers will be running close
to him if not in him tonight.
Or Adam tonight or in him or up as that.
Don't have to tell you that the place is packed.
Oh, you're all noisy.
So get ready, Ron.
Yeah, get ready, Ron, because Harry's coming.
Okay, that's your buddy.
That's a classic.
You won't hear that in any other way.
After you had Don Cherry, no, you won't.
After you had Don Cherry on the second time
during the Stanley Cup playoff,
then you tell Don to make sure that Harry Neal knew
that when he's on that satellite,
you gotta be careful.
That's right.
Well, the first time you remember before that,
the first time I had him on it,
I told him about that lovely little pass line.
The clout that I've got is really incredible.
If I had as much clout inside the buildings,
I'd do outside, I'd really have something accomplished.
But about that line he keeps using
about a lovely little pass.
I said, that's the faggiest thing.
I mean, here's the hockey night in Kacho.
With a macho image, baby.
All these tough lumberjack hockey players.
And he said, oh, look at that lovely little pass
that Doug and Gail Morgis.
And he stopped saying it for about two months,
but he regressed.
He regressed the ball.
It was tough.
It was tough.
Okay, so let's talk about the obstruction.
There are a lot of people very concerned.
And again, these are people who mean well,
but they're not too bright.
They're concerned because they saw maybe
the first couple of exhibition games
and there were like 85,000 penalties called
in the first two minutes.
And they don't understand that the reason
that the league did this is because
people were almost universally foaming at the mouth
over the style that the devil's played
and the Panthers, they're just, you know,
maybe not quite as guilty,
but maybe number two on the list.
Nobody wants to watch that crap.
And the thing to me, the fact that hockey was so popular here,
the first two years that we had 97% capacity
in arena overall, which is a tremendous number
for an expansion team.
And they really didn't see that much real hockey,
especially this last season.
They saw a lot of that clutching and grabbing
some of those games.
I mean, like a couple of those Hartford games,
you could go into a coma watching.
Now the league is desperately trying to do away with that.
And I think what they did was they want to say,
hey boys, here's what we're doing in the first exhibition games.
We're going to teach you a lesson.
We've talked with the officials.
We told them they're going to have to call these
or their ratings going to go into toilet.
They're going to be out.
And you guys are going to have to learn
what the new parameters are and all this clutching
and grabbing at the blue line and it's center-rise.
We're going to start calling it.
Well, what you've seen, and of course,
Panther fans will see the first exhibition came here
against Hartford on Friday, but the referees have really
clamped down on all the clutching and grabbing.
Now one thing we should point out in Friday,
there's a board of governors meeting in New York.
And it'll be the board of governors
that ultimately turn down or approve this new obstruction rule.
And it's still obviously pending,
but I would think based on what we've seen in exhibition games
and from what I understand, the games have been pretty
entertaining that the board of governors will give their seal
of approval.
Yeah, people want to see some action.
And you know, the opposition to it as well as all these
penalties, there's all these interruptions.
That's now that's during the exhibition.
No flow to the game.
Right.
But ultimately, there'll be more flow to the game
because the joggers of the world, the divorce acts.
And I think we'll see a lot of him this year at Needle Myers.
These players will be able to do what they do well.
And that is play skillfully with the puck.
Now what about our TV schedule this year,
the home opener on 45 games starting with the road opener,
actually the night before the home opener,
actually it's an afternoon game in New Jersey.
We have the unenviable,
or we are in the unenviable position of being there
as the devils raise in hoist that Stanley Cup banner.
So they'll be primed up for that hockey game.
There won't be a dry eye in the arena come one o'clock
in the middle lands, but we'll be there for an afternoon game.
Matt Tarrisca getting Brian Burrell set because,
you know, he's with his years in Detroit
and helped to build that team what they got now.
But that was one of the great choke jobs in a history of sports.
I mean, the Red Wings after the great season they had
and they've got this, you know, this thing around their neck now,
hanging over them about choking in the 23 Jeff Rimmer
is with a series not on WQA.
I mean, he's never going to be back on the rigging
unless they want me to do the games on here
in which case he says Joe's not such a bad guy after all.
Here's a Helen Dale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Good to see you.
The first point I want to make is I can really vouch for Mr. Rimmer's status.
When I was a youngster living in Montreal,
I have a feeling that he's the man that single handedly brought
Pete Rosa into Montreal to play baseball.
I'm not sure if I'm correct or not.
I always want to know if that was true or not.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
And later he decked me for it.
What happened exactly?
Do you mind going to happen between Pete and I?
Yeah.
It's a long story, but he didn't like something that had said on the year.
And we had a set to off the air and then I went on the air and said a few more things.
Oh, yeah, in the clubhouse, literally actually with him and Doug Flynn, wasn't it?
Yeah, I was him and Doug Flynn.
You've got a good memory.
Yeah, because I remember the next day I got a phone call from ball the
more and BAL offered me the contract that we were negotiating.
They weren't going to meet my price, but after my big battle,
they felt I was the guy they wanted.
Right.
OK, I got a couple of.
Wait a minute before I go to my friend.
If you're real nice to remember, though, he might even tell you about all swivel mouth up
there, Montreal too.
Dick Irvin.
Yeah.
What do you mean by that?
You like Dick Irvin?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, OK.
He wasn't a good guy to work for.
Why not?
I met the man when I was about 10 years old.
But you must be a Canadian fan, huh?
Well, I am, but I won't hold that against you.
Nobody's perfect.
Listen, what can you do?
Anyways, a couple of points about hockey that I've noticed.
I've only been living here down here for two years.
The first thing that I've noticed, you talked about breakout 95.
I think the underlying theme of all that is that the fan base here,
the potential fans that we have are much too young to really voice an opinion.
You've got your older fans, but that really have too much to choose from.
When you look at the kids, the kids are the ones that are really going to love and learn to love hockey.
Oh, yeah.
It's the next generation.
There's no question.
That's where the NFL or the NHL has done a lot of their studies,
but understand too, not only are the young kids playing,
but the parents are making a concerted effort.
I can't tell you the number of parents that brought smiles to my eyes,
sitting first at hockey fest and then at breakout 95,
and seeing the parents there committed and as much involved as anybody.
I'll tell you about a guy, former pitcher with a Montreal expose in the Red Sox,
who's going to go to the Hall of Fame, Jeff Rurden, one of the all-time save leaders,
lives up in West Palm Beach.
His son was playing in that breakout 95 hockey tournament.
They drove three times from West Palm Beach to come to Joe Robby Stadium
for their kid to play hockey and the kid is crazy about it.
And now the parents, mother and father are very much involved in the sport.
But the mothers and fathers are the ones that need to speak out right now.
The other point I want to make is I just want to remind everybody in South Florida
that we never really tried to get this franchise.
I remember hearing it on the news.
All of a sudden one day out of nowhere, I know I'm in Florida,
it's a franchise.
I would not try to believe it, yeah.
Well that's because Wayne had the 50 million bucks.
Not only that, he had Blockbuster, which is more important.
I think the NHL is trying to go for those big name corporate image
where we know there's a lot of financial backup.
But you know what?
I don't blame Heizanga for moving. It's a business deal.
I need unhockey and all these other sports.
It's all come down to that. It's only business.
But understand he doesn't want to move.
But it's time now, speaking of move and movements,
it's time there were some moves by the politicians here in South Florida
to step up to home plate and ensure and show some sense of urgency
to keep this franchise here.
Because I'll tell you right now once the team leaves,
there won't be another NHL team in this city, in this market, in this area,
and it's going to be a crime.
And again, I only draw the analogy between Baltimore and the desire
there to get an NFL franchise and how the politicians drop the ball
and now literally they're begging to get the NFL back.
Same situation here for South Florida.
One last point about, I know you left the Hibok KUAM,
the one thing that I cannot stand about that station
is that they don't give hockey number one any airplanes.
They don't give baseball any play there either.
And they're only the flagship stations for both sports.
Again, it's a philosophy of mine for the years that I've been in this business
and 20, I've always worked for flagship stations.
And it's just unbelievable, unconscionable that the two major sports
in this town, aside from football, baseball and hockey, do not get the coverage
that they deserve from their own home radio station.
And it's a crime. They don't want you to talk hockey there.
My advice to Andrew Ash would stop hiring ex-football players.
Get somebody that knows about sports, not about football.
Well, he might, his first advice that he could use probably
to get himself off the morning show because he's bringing it down.
Yeah, but he's got those Melrose place highlights on here.
Man, that's what everybody wants. Don't you understand?
They look if they would stop listening to this station,
they would be the best thing that they could ever do if they'd stopped trying to emulate me
and try to emulate Phil. They did that thing with that Hideo Nomo,
which by the way, do you know that there's a big thing with Harry Carey going on now?
No. I was up in Toronto. You have to get out of town
to find out what's happening in the real world.
And I was reading in the Globe and Mail,
or one of the papers up there that there's a big thing because Harry on his radio show,
last time that the Dodgers were in Chicago a couple of weeks ago,
whenever it was, Nomo was pitching that night and Harry referred to him in some way.
And again, it's taken out of context. I'm a little nervous about stuff like that
because I've had it done to me too, but he called Nomo Slantyide.
Okay. But no one, Harry. I mean, Harry doesn't have a mean bone in his body when he sober.
Okay. So knowing him, he just-
A towered Kosell called Art Monk of the Redskins, a little monkey.
Right. Remember that, right?
Right. So now there's a big stink about this in their letters to the editor in the Chicago papers,
Pro and Con and the editorials, Harry should apologize.
And he says he's got nothing to apologize for because people know him and where he's coming from.
But there's a big stink about that too.
So anyway, the thing I was trying to make is that not only were they trying to copy me over there,
but then they tried to out- do Phil Henry,
which nobody is ever going to do, with that crap about the phony interview with the day on Nomo in the morning,
with his alleged interpreter on there. And then all they got was flak and a lot of crap for that,
because again, here's a station that's failing trying to be a sports station.
So instead of trying to be a good sports station, even though you know it's appealing to a smaller segment of the audience,
now we're going to try to be WIOD and WQA and do them both poorly.
Barry Jackson, I think, had the line, the TV radio sports critic for the Harold,
whatever he said, when he said after that whole episode that,
hey, you can walk off the street and get a job at QAM because they hired the guy that was doing the Nomo impersonation.
He's got his own talk show now on QAM on the weekend off the street.
Kind of like here.
Okay, we have an open line in day at 751, 2 and Broward, 524.
Let's have some hockey people out there, baby.
Friday night, Hartford Whalers, Florida Panthers, tomorrow, 11 to 2.
We got selected seat. Pick your seat, but don't do it publicly, okay?
Pick your seat at the arena between 11 and 2 tomorrow.
And the Jeff Moss is going to be sitting there waiting on you, go out there, the ice is down,
you can go on and get the feel of it, get the atmosphere, and even the individual game tickets
are going to be available to box office at the arena tomorrow, too.
Now, the exhibition game, I would just hasten to add that so far the Panther exhibition games
have not been anything to write home about.
Most exhibition games in any sport are marginal at best,
but our exhibition games have been especially lackluster.
We're talking about the home games.
We've been playing the ones at the arena.
Now, so far the ones that we've played on the road this year have been sensational.
Seven of them against Winnipeg, four four tie with M last night,
a lot of goal scored, a lot of action, but I'm just not trying to get people's expectations
up too much for Hartford on Friday.
Because, first of all, Hartford even with Brendan Chanahan,
a one of the world's most exciting teams.
No, they're not, but the fact is that they're good, good young players that I'm sure
will be in the lineup Friday night that are the future of this franchise.
It might be a pretty good idea to see the future of the team.
If not for this entire season, at least this exhibition game on Friday night.
The fact of the matter is the Panthers are led right now by a kid that's not a rookie,
but a guy that you were all over the day that the Panthers announced that he was on the hockey club,
Shabwuli.
Jason Wuli, remember that one?
And Jason Wuli has turned into one of the most exciting young Panther players.
You're right. You're right.
Defencement, but nonetheless, an exciting defense.
Got another two goals last night, two goals and two assists,
and the previous seven-off game.
Well, the fact is that he came from Detroit Vipers.
Okay, and there were a lot of us who were suspect only because that came on the heels of a lot
of these guys that Roger wanted to bring in here who turned out to be stiff.
If you remember at the end of the first season, who's the guy we got Anderson, Peter Anderson,
from the New York Grand Hays, and his egg-brime Marie to keep him for the second year?
And the guy was pathetic, man.
He was just horrible.
How about you?
He did not have such a bad idea last year.
And again, the same kind of thing.
So Roger brought in a lot of guys we were nervous about.
So we get a guy from the Detroit Vipers and you're saying, what the hell is that?
Oh, and speaking of the Vipers, there are people saying, why do you know we don't care if
Wayne sells the team because the minute that the Panthers leave, wait till you hear this,
the minute the Panthers leave, the IHL will be here in a heartbeat.
Now, I'm going to tell you something, haven't been in this town for 20 years.
If anybody believes that the city of Miami and this whole South Florida area is going to
support the International Hockey League, you're dreaming it ain't going to happen.
It's like the Miami Amigos in the World Baseball, whatever the hell they called it years ago,
when they tried this Caribbean, that lasted for about five minutes.
When you've got the best, let's keep the best.
The Panthers aren't the best franchise in the National Hockey League, but they represent the best league that there is.
And that's why so many Europeans are coming to play in the IHL.
Again, it behooves everybody.
You included to start waving the flag and see whatever needs to be done.
Nobody has been waving it more than I have, although, but if you think that I'm going to wave the flag for the taxpayers building the arena, you're wrong.
I'm not saying that.
You just got through seeing what happened on a Penny sales tax for education, which is like mom and God and Apple Pie.
And the public saw through that. They said, hey, they're selling us another bill of goods.
And there is no way that the public in this town is going to go along with it.
The tax issues are dead issue, but the politicians can step up with air.
They can fight with it, yeah.
And with, uh, heizing and see that the two sit at the table and get this thing done as I said early in the program.
$40 million is what the Panthers would lose between now and three years from now, if heizing a kept the team here in South Florida.
He'd rather put that 40 million into building an arena that would keep the franchise here forever.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Uh, your friend, they keep talking about the Baltimore about Baltimore.
Well, what happened to other readers? They got a team Oakland came back.
Look, we happened to St. Louis. They got a team. They lost one, but they got a new one.
That's right. But why did they get a new team?
Why did St. Louis get a new team?
You keep mentioning Baltimore, but Baltimore, you know, that's a pretty good example in my mind.
But let me just ask you this, my friend. Why? Why did St. Louis get the Rams?
You know why? Because they built a brand new state of the art facility that they're going to play in starting next season.
Right. That's why they came back. They do come back.
They keep doing things they'll never have one. They do come back when you build an arena.
Yeah, that's right. Let me ask you this. Let's say that we lose the Panthers God forbid where are they going to play if there's another team that's going to come back sooner or later.
Somebody is going to have to build a facility. My amirina doesn't have enough seats. It doesn't have the sky boxes.
Nobody is going to come in there for the privilege of losing money. It ain't going to happen.
And why did they leave Los Angeles because they couldn't go back and play in the stadium in LA because it was just totally damaged to the point where it was condemned because of the earthquake.
But somebody someday will come in and build an arena and someone will be a team in here. That's all I have to say. It does happen.
So what you do in Baltimore is an example. Well, it's not a good one. I'll continue to use Baltimore as an example.
Okay, living in the past, I'll you guys forget about Baltimore. Who cares about Baltimore anyway? Okay. Baltimore blows.
No, you like Baltimore. I like Baltimore based on what? Well, based on it was a city that was reborn. The inner harbor was the same guy mayor,
Shade got in. I know that while they've got the Baltimore bandits now, the American hockey league. But hey, the capitals are 25 30 minutes down the road. Yeah, like I said.
Now, how come they're doing it? Capitals are building this thing. They finally got that through there. The Boston built that beautiful fleet center and Chicago with a United Arena.
How come all these other places are able to do it and we can't do it? Ask your politicians because in every one of the other cities, the basketball and a hockey franchise is the people who play in the arena got on the stage.
They got together on the same page and they said, okay, and in Boston, the Bruins, the ownership of the Bruins, they own the fleet center, but they made it deal good enough with the Celtics that they can play there. They can still make some money.
They're not going to make anywhere near what the Bruins make because they got the horse by the tail, but they're still going to be able to live with it. And that doesn't go on here.
And I'm still telling you they could live with it here in South Florida as well. Everybody would sit down, but there's got to be a sense of urgency.
And there's got to be the South Florida politicians that step up to the plate and ensure that this happens. Okay, we'll hold our breath because we have a lot of confidence in our local politicians.
Bank no mistake about that 1136 if they ever sobered up for a minute 1136 and WIOD 610 WIOD.
This talk radio stuff is good for you. Yeah, endless is pretty sure 20 to Luna WID 20 me for OJ baby. Don't get panicky.
So let's find out the real inside now. He's laughing here during the break. I'm going up to Jacksonville to see the Panthers play Tampa Bay tomorrow.
And I'm going to help Brian Murray make the real cuts. The last cuts and decide who we're going to have on his team.
Who do you want?
Who do you want? Who do you want? Who do you want on the team? I like your buddy, Cheri says you can't have too many Russians on the team.
If you got more than one Russian, you're in big trouble. Well, we don't have any.
What about this? What about? No, what about Nemarovsky? What the L. S. He's a Canadian? Ukrainian.
Well, Ukrainian last time I checked that's pretty damn close. Well, Jerry Lumsimol in the same pod. You know, but he's not a European Ukrainian. He's a Canadian.
Oh, that's okay. Oh, if he's a connoct, that makes him even better. We like him a lot now.
Okay, let's go. And how about Pavel Burry and his buddy there in the Vagilny and Pavel Burry?
Yeah, they're going to play in the GM place. That's the new name for the Vancouver. That's my. What's team? Did you say was your dark horse team?
Chicago, Chicago Vancouver. I'm telling you, man, look out for those damn connox. They're going to have Mike Ridley, the ex-Tronomy belief center.
They should never have gotten a lot of a good player. I agree with you. They're a good solid player. That'll be a hotline. Great gold tending. I don't know what they'll, how you can find fault with Vancouver right now or a hell of a team.
Here's Hollywood. Hello. How you doing? Great. Jeff. Yeah. Two things. Question. You heard about Charlie. I presume. He passed away. Right. No, I didn't hear.
Yeah, a few weeks out of month ago. Charlie Ekman, former National Vasted Ball Association referee, former NBA coach and also a long time sportscaster, Baltimore.
Yeah, very nice man. Secondly, are they still going to have the Panther Pack for this year?
I would think they are now. To be honest with you, I haven't talked to anybody about it, but I would assume that the Panther Pack would still be available.
Okay, that's what that was one of the questions that I had mine. All right, I appreciate your help. Okay, thanks. Okay. We'll find out from Jeff Moss tomorrow. Anybody's got any questions about tickets, single game season tickets, whatever. They got that select the seat tomorrow, 11 to 2 and you got to believe they'll do the Panther Pack.
No, I would think so. There was a real popular deal. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question for you. Okay. Would you play the bridge tender thing for me?
Yes, sure. Okay. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello, Jeff, Jeff and Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I, I have point because I drive like 130 miles down or to see the, the Panthers.
The thing that got me about a, about a, you know, Murray and I thought hockey's like 50, what six. I've never seen a team when I had a two-man advantage.
I'm sorry, Neil. So when a team has dumped a puck with a two-man advantage, I mean, have you guys ever actually seen that and falling hockey for 40 years?
No, Roger played defense to an extreme. Yeah. Or had his players play defense to an extreme. No question. And hopefully with the new regime here in the new coach that this team will be a lot more exciting and a lot more aggressive both in their penalty killing and when they're on the power play.
I note that in the seven, nothing win playing with six or seven kids in the lineup. They scored three power play goals. Yeah. Okay. And then also, Jeff, I just wanted to pass on a pass and I would just like to pass on a Joe like a story.
This is true. And I think that Neil and maybe I actually heard about this and he'll have verified Joe. Joe used to travel with a, you know, we burn a, we burn a goldberg when they were doing a dog game.
There's a guy he sucks. Okay. Yeah. And, you know, we were did have a perspiration problem. And yeah, would that for sure. And Hank would not sit, sit basically next to a, you know, Rick. And he would make Joe sit right next to Rick.
Joe started to take his mustache and put on some perfume on his mustache. And I think you can ask basically Marvin and everybody.
Oh, that's beautiful. Maybe you, maybe you used to put him on his eyebrows. Maybe that's why they grew like that. Now, how would you know that? Were you his perfume salesman or what? No, I talked to Marvin about that. And that'll go back a couple years. Okay. Great. Okay. Glad to find out why Joe stinks. I mean, why Joe sucks, whatever the hell it is. Well, I learned something today. There you go.
So, hey, you got the mustache to do it. So when you're doing the games with Denise, I'm sorry. That, not that was bad. That was a real shot. Maybe some truth. Here's Boka. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Remember, how are you, buddy? I'm good. One time no talk. I used to call you on Q. I. M. Oh, you're the one. Yeah. I was the one guy that would call and ask about hockey. I got a couple of questions. Is this a kid? Are you still going to be announcing the games? Yes, on Sunshine Television. Oh, good. Is this Ed the Ranger fan? No.
I'm a I'm a Panther fan, but a former Bruin fan. Okay. All right. Let me ask you a few questions. What do you think of some of these new guys, the Panthers have like a Podalin? How's he look?
Pedalin. He looks great. He looks great. I think that going into camp, he was one of the guys who was penciled into make the hockey club. But now with Pedalin, who still has some junior eligibility, available to go back for junior and
Demarovsky coming on and playing especially well in the exhibition games. Neymarovsky might edge him out or else, as I said earlier to Neil, the Panthers do some creative work and
other some trades or other measures to keep these kids on the hockey club. I think of Brian Murray had his way along with Doug McClean that five or six of these kids would be on the hockey club this year.
That's the other question I wanted to ask you. Doug McClean, I know he's going to be more offensive. What kind of credentials does he really have?
Well, he was Brian Murray's assistant in Washington and Detroit. He was assistant general manager. He's a former coach in college hockey. He coached as well in St. Louis with the blues.
When they went all the way to Stanley Cup semi-finals one year, this is his first head coaching job. And I think that with Murray and Tori, the three of them really put make a big step forward.
I would hope with the Panthers this year. Okay, Rimmer. Hey, I'm glad to see that you're not on QIM because that channel's really a joke. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot. He's glad about it too. Plus you got paid off. Okay, it's 1146 at W I O D.
We know what's right. And you don't ride Francis on board with your memory, you're going to heaven Stevens. Eagles, the hand of the
center. Right down the line. He's going to go.
Right down the line. He's going to go.
The paper walking right down the alley. Beach carry and the penguins laid one in the
middle. Michael, Michael motorcycle. There you go. Michael, motorcycle. That was just for you, man. The guy is just the best. He is. You just can't handle it. Okay. Just to want to head out the bouquet. Great broadcaster, but doesn't have to do the stick.
It's like they're frosting on a cake. That's so much garbage. It's fun garbage. So in other words, you're saying that you got to be a purest. Okay. That's right. You do look a little like
foster you would. We have two open lines in day 751. Also, I got a couple of Marlin tickets. I'll give away during the trial. I guess I don't know. What am I going to do with the?
What am I going to do with these? We got two pair of infield boxes, one for the Montreal game on September 27th, which is tomorrow Wednesday.
And one against the Phillies on Friday infield boxes. Okay. So maybe we'll give those away. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, I get a couple of questions here for you. Okay. You bet. You mentioned Chicago. You think that Bobby Prober will keep his butt out of the box long enough to contribute to that team. Apparently he already is up for review by the NHL for a stick swinging incident. First game back. But I'll tell you if they can keep him focused. Brian Murray be a pretty good guy to ask about how he tried to keep
the proberter control when he was general manager and coach and Detroit, but to answer your question. I think the black ox can make every effort to keep this guy in the straight and narrow if they can't. I mean, he seems like, you know, on a par play, you can drop anchor in front of that crease and just, you know, wreak havoc. Hey, aside from being one of the top fighters in the game, he's a pretty decent hockey player as well.
Okay. And another thing, the Russians checks your black ox fan. Are you actually my red wing fan, but I, you know, I like Prober. I like his style. I think he can make a difference if he just, you know, keeps his blood clean. Wait to see when Chicago gets Keith Kitchuck as the rumor is right now. They're going to be in a three way deal with the islanders. They get him and there's talk that they want Steve Thomas's rights as well. The black ox are going to be the team to be far none. We'll see. Nothing about the Russians and the two. I think the other thing that I think is the reason why I think they're going to be a part of the game is because they're going to be a lot more popular. I mean, I think the black ox is a lot more popular than the black ox. I think the black ox is a lot more popular than the black ox. I think the black ox is a lot more popular than the black ox. I think the black ox
is a lot more popular than the black ox. The black ox is a lot more popular than the black ox. It doesn't like people in Jimesville, you know, they love the black local bloc there's a lot of black brown ox, but they're not for you. Where's theipple? Where does thefish rises below You don't know where the limits goes. There is, you know, CC gets. C Get light. Theeds have the less than the black, they don't know where they're going to get light without any
red box. They didn't know where some high prey are going to ever end. lawn and pollenes the rough dark gray. Well, all the way it's
sticky, the only white forest on the white, the blind, the most valuable thing they have is the black ox. There are lines and fish growing away.
You said, but you're up a little bit on the back line.
Oh, yeah.
And they've also got Bruce driver.
They can take long for Zubov to get injured too, by the way.
Just thought it would mention that two weeks.
Penguins are, I don't know, Mario looks good.
He scored a couple of goals.
Mario looks like he's in good shape.
And he's still have the premise.
They still have Francis.
And Spuddy, you tell me that he's going to Hartford and all those rumors.
Francis is not going to Hartford.
They were talking a major deal with the Hartford.
I understand that.
You also told me that Mario was going to Montreal.
That was a rumor.
I'm just giving you a rule.
This is the man.
Let me give you your home phone number on you.
Okay.
If anybody wants the WIOD rumor line, call rumor at home.
He's used to it.
He takes like 20, 30 calls an hour at home, far more than he's ever taken on the air.
And he'll give you like all the rumors.
The Yanteline.
Here's Carl Gables.
Hello.
Hi, guys.
Yes, sir.
First of all, about the Panther Pack.
They are on sales here.
The last three rows in the goals home.
And well, we expected they would be, but we didn't want to say definitively.
Yeah.
Another thing I'd like to say, but even he pronounced Dino's name back then about eight
years ago when he had that stick slinging incident.
Dino sick Corelli.
Yeah.
That's all he said.
Well, you can go Dino Chicairelli too.
A lot of Italian.
How about Dino's stick Corelli?
Another thing, Niel, helpless feeling about the franchise and getting to state him.
You think there's some way you might be able to develop a short list of who's mailboxed
and so forth.
I don't know what else to do.
Not except Serella Mac, if I thought it would help.
A short list of mailboxes to stuff like we're going to have the rimmer of a stock.
I don't know.
I really wouldn't have the foggiest idea where to turn.
I don't know how you go about doing that.
Hey, everybody listens to the Niel Rodger show, right?
Right.
All right.
The politicians listen.
They're the ones that have got to step up and show some sense of urgency here.
They're the ones that have got to get the Heizanga and Eris into the table.
What are you shaking your head?
Yes.
Because you think I got the clout that I'm going to get to politics.
Absolutely.
Do something in this town.
Sure.
You haven't been here long enough, man.
You're dreaming.
Let's come to step up and see you Friday.
What about Dr. Atkins and the Bokeh burgers and everything else?
You can keep me here.
We'll name it after you.
You'll have the court.
We didn't need the politicians for the Bokeh burgers or Dr. Atkins or any of those other
things.
That's the problem.
They say they're crooks.
It's not a question of whether the crooked or honest effect is that they're incompetent.
They have never been able.
I'll give you an example, which has got to do with politicians in Tallahassee, but in
a state of Florida in general.
The thing with the simul casting at the thoroughbred at all the tracks, all the paramutials, which
you know as well as I do, the paramutials are dying, a wicked death, especially in a state.
Deborah Miller, who again, like QAN, they probably found her off the street somewhere.
The governor was doing his pro-stack.
Yeah, they're going to look at Broadway and bring her in when we heard her.
She's now in charge and she's holding the fate of the paramutials in it, which is
the fourth largest industry, legal.
I'm not talking drugs.
That's number one.
But I'm talking of the legal industries.
The paramutials are the fourth largest industry in the state of Florida.
And she's still holding them hostage, called her the other day, thought that finally they
were going to get the green light for the simul casting.
They pulled the carpet out from her to them.
Pompano Park opens a week from this Friday night for their fall meet, which generally,
that's the big meeting.
They're still waiting.
They're planning on simul casting, garden state.
And who knows if they're going to pull the plug on them or not.
That's the kind of stuff that go in the state is in partnership with all the paramutials.
They don't have to do a damn thing except do a minimal amount of regulation.
And the main time, they're still on the dark ages.
It's a joke.
Absolutely joke.
A state because the industry is going to go down the toilet if they don't do something
and do something quickly.
Yeah, but in the meantime, you're talking about the local politicians are going to solve
the problem of an arena.
They didn't solve it for Joe Robbie.
He had to go out and get all his own financing, his own money and other, you know, put his
life.
That's why the Robbie state had to sell the tea.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
But in the meantime, if you're going to wait for the pie, I don't want to sound like
doom and gloom.
But if you ask me if I'm optimistic about the panthers being here after the season, I'd
say it's dubious at best.
I'm not asking you if you're optimistic.
I'm hoping for a miracle.
Well, I'm, you're telling me to do something, huh?
You go out there.
You've got a lot of spare time.
You go out there and do it instead of having a whole spare call.
I'm selling hockey shoes to that.
Go door to door.
I'll give you the phone book.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Couple quick points for you and Jeff.
Okay.
How can you talk about the greatest announcers in that mentioned Danny Gallivan?
Absolutely.
Well, we left him out.
You know, Reston Pace.
He was one of the greats.
I said, love here.
Neil's got something against Canadians.
What can I tell you?
Neil, I'm feeling good, right?
And the hate's going to Canada.
Sure.
Neil, I got to echo one other point that Jeff made about Jason Wolley.
Forget he played for the Vipers.
I called him and told you he went to Michigan State and he's a man.
Yeah, that's right.
He played a game here.
Well, Brian Smolensky went to Michigan State too, so the panthers better hope he
up butchers up big time.
He's not going to run out.
He's going to run out.
He should offer him a contract when he was a free agent.
Get him down here.
Yeah.
We need a guy like that.
You're going to like the good young kids they've got in this hockey club.
I'm just hoping most of them get a chance to play this year.
I'm looking forward to watching you.
Okay, pal.
Hi, thank you.
See you.
Yeah, we're looking forward to Canadian still having a day.
Roll that fight.
You're still back here getting up right away.
He's going in on goal.
He's going in goal.
See, Danny Gallivan, where else in America?
What other show could you be on?
You got a library, buddy.
What show in the world could you be on?
I'm talking about hockey and the guy says Danny Gallivan and a Montreal Canadian's one
of the grades.
And somebody reaches over within a matter of 30 seconds and there's the goddamn card.
Okay, are we talking to Mr. Hockey here or what?
No, you want to kiss my ass, okay?
But are we talking to Mr. Hockey in his town or what?
We are.
We are definitely.
And you know what?
I wish I would have known you back in my days of Montreal because I know how much you
hate Montreal and love Toronto, but going into the Montreal forum and just sitting in
any seat with Danny Gallivan as I was fortunate enough to do many Saturday morning for the
morning skates.
And it was just, it was the greatest time in the world.
I mean, this man was a, you know, how a lot of guys in our business, unfortunately,
have big egos.
This man, very humble.
I'll tell you, it brings a tear to my eye thinking about him because I was still in Canada
when he passed away.
And boy, great friend, great broadcaster, great person.
But he was no swivel mouth.
No, he wasn't.
It was no Dick Irving Jr.
No.
Don't give me started on him, man.
See one thing when you hate the Montreal Canadians, which I do as a leaf span, you hate guys
like Dick Irving Jr.
Because he's just, just something about him.
You just look at him and you just want to scream, you know, and there's a talented guy,
but Dick based on what?
Dick was a talented guy.
The fact that his father was the general manager in the coach.
There was always all that nepotism in a Canadian's organization.
He had Frank Selkie Jr.
And Dick Irving Jr.
Get the honey, Jr.
I mean, it all those juniors in Montreal like hang it on.
But Dick worked for CFCF, which then was owned by Charles Broughman, the owner of the
expose, the segrums, etc.
And Dick actually hired me.
I was in Los Angeles freelancing and took me to Montreal.
But Dick, first and foremost, was a sportscaster in radio and television at CFCF.
And nobody could put video together better than this guy could and do voiceovers strictly
just sitting down and doing them from scratch.
No cue card, nothing.
I mean, if you just put his mouth where it belongs, he'll be all right.
He'll be great for radio.
A lot of time.
Thanks a million.
It's good to see you again.
Have a good time in Jacksonville on Friday.
Be sure to tell Brian now to write guys to cut.
I mean, tomorrow, whatever day it is.
Be sure to tell him to write guys to cut.
So remember, I want to go on a record right now.
If we don't have the kind of team that we wanted to start of the season, if the Panthers
aren't kicking ass, you can blame Rimmer.
He's calling the shots.
I wish.
OK, thanks a lot, Joe.
The foremost four-letter word.
610 WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
