Show me yours. I'll show you mine. I don't think so.
News talk at entertainment radio 610 W IOD presents the Neil Rogers show.
To talk with Neil call 751 W IOD in date 524 W IOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 800 944 W IOD.
And so you know one customer's can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now the Neil Rogers show on news talk and entertainment radio 610 W IOD.
Hey Neil, this is Randy West and as per our phone conversation I taught
to Peter Northy of the day and he tells me your real name is Neil down and he's
still ain't interested.
Sometimes I wake up early now turn on my radio.
I can't believe what's on the air.
What was that? Who is he? Am I turned to IOD?
What that smell? In the sea some crap called we can't magazine.
I remember not too long ago some guy in day breadline.
He used to play dead or alive.
Then I think just my ear was the hose.
Got I made it for the shows.
Compared to them though Larry just is cool.
For two years or so it seems.
I'm so angry I could scream about a show.
A real wet dream Jennifer Rant we can't magazine.
You hear these guys barely Sunday born.
Go back to sleep yes you will.
Let's show good baby up you know her voice can do just that.
I'd be early rising Saturday turn around in the show don't take a break I'm gonna
I want it down I'm gonna scream wet and wild we can magazine.
Is that enough dead air okay 109 at W.I.D.
How are you doing on this great Tuesday morning.
It's a beautiful day to be alive.
How about those panthers huh?
Uh oh bad news last night again we just can't play overtime.
And that big sweet that everybody was raving about he sticks it in there he shoots it's
in the net man he gets the third panther goal the only problem is so far I can't play
the defense he'll be all right he'll be great he's a world class player that's what they
keep telling us but we just can't do it overtime wouldn't you think that a team that's
so well known for clutching grab and playing all that defense would you think that they
could make it through five minutes and get the puck out of their own in three games in
one week losing overtime and then how about that frog in air last night were you watching
again that's given Dave Lowry not one but two fingers yesterday was finger day first
we had O.J.'s finger everybody got to see his big finger and then last night we got
to see both fingers on a fat frog they're sitting up by the glass given Dave Lowry the
business here's the lady in Miami hello hello yes man how are you great I understand
that you have a record that I've been looking for high and low Lord Wind Beer farting contest
yes how could I get a copy of that I haven't got any idea unless do we know George that place
in Tennessee went out of business where do we're they selling that the new one the one that's
on a CD or something we don't know somebody had sent me a catalog like months ago yeah that
Johnson Smith thing yeah that catalog that's got all those novelty items and that goes in there have
you got it George will give it to you off the air okay oh great thanks so much you bet hang on okay
okay she's on one give her that thing yeah they've got it although I don't know it didn't
somebody say they tried to get it from there well she'll have to find out for herself W.I.O.D.
Neil yes how you doing okay you took my my theme away I was calling to talk to you about the
guy the frog last night that went to the Brian Cox School of Communication yeah but he went to
two classes not just one that that looked like me yesterday when I was up on the TV when
a pap you can and was on mm-hmm they are the most classless the most crude the most disgusting obnoxious
people the not just the French Canadians the French in general they are just obnoxious in this guy
you know I mean to be honest with it there really wasn't much of a thing anyway I noticed that
the Hall of Famer and if Paul Kennedy keeps saying Hall of Famer anymore I'm gonna get a hitman
for him but anyway I noticed that Denise Poffen kept trying to make a deal there that
Fossberg left the skates and it should have been a charging fellow he never even hit
lower I don't know what all happened maybe lower he crashed into the boards and he fell down
like stunner maybe he was putting on an act which is more likely that's what rumors said there was
nothing that happened there hot man was more impressed with the guy with the fingers yeah he thought
he was and then he thought he was they thought they were going to commercial they thought they were
off the air he said oh he's still do they're gonna keep keep the shot on keep it on yeah nice
going Denise you jackass he's an idiot he is and in closing air in summer what an ass okay
see ya 12 past 10 at W I O D George 12 past 10 at W I O D
so I think that'll go 10 W I O D better than a good beer buzz in the morning
hi it's P.W. Herman take it from me they don't come any better than Neil Rogers
hello you have reached the residents of mr. Willie Nelson here is mr. Nelson scheduled for today
845 go through laundry hamper looking for something to wear today 9 a.m. wash face comb hair dust
beard with flea and tick powder 9 15 page boy or ponytail 9 30 roll bandana roll joint roll old
lady 10 20 organized peyote roundup with ranch hands 10 40 have smoked with the boys break into
somewhere over the rainbow for no apparent reason 1105 call mci have irs taken off friends and
family circle 12 noon ask cook for some of his special brownies burst into soundtrack from
me until 130 get munchies to 15 thymaster 330 voice lessons with b Arthur for 10 join moonshineers for a
little farm aid 5 30 prepare for tonight's concert tear holes and Levi's blow nose and bandana put fist
through guitar thank you 10 17 at W I O D anyway we got something here this ought to really get
these people going it's free baby here we go again I made up my mind after I left here yesterday
because rick was telling me that yesterday was one of the worst days in the history of their show
so why should I have expected any different then I heard for yesterday afternoon even with Margaret
on a phone just pleading and excoriating and it just don't do any good because they're dead
but anyway here's thanks to my good close personal friend Jeff Moss at the Panthers
J.J. Kelly's charter bus presents the Panthers express to Tampa and that's a week from the Sunday
that's the Panthers and the lightning and you get a chance to get on that bus and go to Tampa
what more could anybody want than that who wants to go to Vegas who wants to go to Europe who wants
to go to hell when you can go to Tampa and I understand by the way that the big concertops that
they're involved in over there is the thing about the devil race even the American family association
our good close personal friends who think that all of us should burn in hell and we'll probably
meet them there anyway and they'll find out uh they're obsessed now with the god damn devil
and they're like fighting that as the new name of the baseball see only Tampa Bay only those
those pickers over there could screw this thing up they've been screaming and crying oh we got
screwed it was the white socks and then it was Seattle everybody was going to give them a
baseball team and it never happened and then we got the marlins and then they really got
parked off of course they at least give them credit for wanting they knew was Wayne was an
asshole before we figured it out but nonetheless now they finally get a baseball team just at a time
when there is no more major league baseball hey let's expand okay Phoenix and Tampa there's two
great towns you got a baseball team so I have no idea who comes up with these names where how does
that process work does the owner like sit down some day on an acid trip does he drop a couple of
sugar cubes and say okay let me come up with a name and come up with some asshole thing I would
assume I have no idea how that works but nonetheless they came up with two choices the devil
raise or the man to raise both of which suck but I'm really praying now I don't know what the latest
is on it but I'm praying that they do stick with the devil raise because all the good born again
Christians over there on the west coast are apoplective the devil oh my god it's the work of the devil
next we're gonna have six six six on every jockstrap they're gonna be looking at everybody's
pants just to make sure it's been naughty and nice so they're like all worked up about that
but anyway getting back to this Panthers expressed the Tampa April 2nd of Panthers in the
lightning 59 bucks per person for the trip for the bus and the tickets I assume right right the
price includes round trip luxury bus transportation with restroom and vcr game ticket free soda is
available on the bus spaces limited minimum of 35 persons to go minimum of 35 packs is to go what
does that mean can you explain to me why they do everything in like short hand like I'm supposed
to understand this god jeff you're an idiot it leaves 9 a.m. in the morning from the deer field
bokehilton and then 9 30 in the morning from the shirt and design center lunch and rest up on
away 230 again I don't get that 230 in the afternoon arrives in the Tampa Bay Thunder dome 330 is
game time depart the Thunder dome 50 minutes after end of the game arrive home 11 in the PM so there's
a way to blow a whole day a week from Sunday and it's 59 bucks per person and doesn't say anything
about it on here where you are content which we don't really care because all we're reading this
for us because we got a couple to give away right we got two tickets which includes your bus trip
and two tickets to the lightning Panther game a week from Sunday and free soda is on the bus can't
go wrong with that so that's good they might if you're really nice to them they might along the way
I don't know which route they're going to take but they might stop at seminal bingo or something like
that because they got all those Indians out there on the alligator rally so you probably have a
great time we'll give those away to somebody who asked just the right way that today between now
into soon or maybe not so soon we'll figure it out also speaking trips don't forget our vagus trip
I wonder how we're doing on that you think we might get some information and update on that one
of these days soon you never know anyway Bob Lincoln if you have any questions if you want to
sign up for our trip to Vegas on June 15 three days three nights at the Imperial Palace Hotel
in Casino where we went last year was fantastic they treated as great it's right in the middle of
just called Bob Lincoln 947 6050 947 6050 and date toll free from outside of date it's 1 800 2 3 3
70 260 4 it's 489 bucks per person round trip then includes direct the nonstop flight for
Lutterdale to Vegas transfers three nights at the Imperial Palace welcome cocktail party emperor
is breakfast buffet legends of concert show admission to antique auto collection you're going to
brains have a great time call Bob Lincoln today get the honey junior okay 10 25 at W. I. D.
Now I just passed this long Bob Lincoln just called George said there's only 10 10 seats left it's
only the 21st of March there only 10 seats left on the first plane okay let me give you that
Vegas thing again we're going to get two planes the first one leaves at 6 30 in the evening so
4 1 1 2 1 half 11 get there to Vegas latest eight o'clock maybe earlier than that and the second one
is for people who like work late or just they're slow getting their act together like people
come to the ball games and that one's going to leave at 9 30 at night so there's only 10 seats left
on the first plane which means we have 150 people solid signed up for that one and if you want to
sign up if you want to get on at earlier plane you better go call them like now today or forget it
and the second plane leaves at 9 30 which will be just as great just to get there what one 10 or
11 o'clock at night Vegas time so it should be great even though I don't have all those great
connections out there in Vegas like certain fat cow in town is God but at least we'll be
standing at a great place right in the middle of the strip and having the same beautiful time we
had last year without all the tourists to go along with it now what did Jeff Moss just tell you
about that on the are you going to give me the info because the thing I'm a little bit concerned
about it says minimum of 35 persons to go in other words they have to I assume what that means
is they got to get but is that right they have to get 35 people sign up in order for this thing to fly
okay because I don't want to give something away and then find out that Jeff Moss is yanking my
chain and the bus ain't going to go at all that would be like fraud on his part but not on our part
because he says that happens he'll drive you up personally I'm not going oh he'll drive them up
all I wouldn't wish that on this audience have to go up there and listen to him probably take his
brother along too so anyway here's the toll free number if you want to pay for it of course
I don't imagine too many people are going to call do they find out who we give it away to
but if you want to go on at the panthers express the Tampa week from Sunday see a great hockey game
and go over and see the well there's nothing to see except the thunder dome that's all you'll see
because you get the good part of it is you get out right after the game you come back you don't
have to hang around in that time 1 800 395 52 87 it's 59 bucks per person round trip including the
luxury bus transportation game ticket free sodas on the bus what more could you want okay and
hopefully a panther win 1 800 395 52 87 here's a pember pines hello I told you the panthers sucked
without the weezer yeah and oh click without the weezer yeah if it's Patrick did play crappy last
night how come you couldn't have a conversation sir are you too much of a butt plug to have a
conversation or was that your grade A material okay because it laid a big egg on this show
to open lines they're both in brow art 5249 463 524 we have no interest in your hockey game
in Michael Jordan in the Ed Pope in anything no matter what the hell it is not like that because we're
in brow art here's a Miami hello hey Neil yes I got a couple pig reports out there okay got one
going 8 36 years yes one going 95 Norris and then there's a couple of stray little piquies out
of this diet going up on towards the FIU area when you're at 135 150 first you just kind of you
know take his bugs and a bumper so that was your public service now thank you so much bye bye
have a great life we have an open line of day 7519 463 751 W I O D oh by the way we ought to set
the record straight for the hero because most of the people don't read the sector record straight
column and I just noticed this today it was so important it says because of incorrect
information supplied by the South Miami middle community school some sections of Sunday's
neighbors reported that Harry Wayne Casey of Gacy and the Sunshine Band would be an
a talent show at the school on Wednesday Casey will not appear C.L.I.B C.L.E.B what is that George
what is C.E.L.I B E E E E E E E C.L.E.B C.L.I.B you don't know he don't know C.L.I.B we'd be doing
it and also do an editing error now here's an important thing I want you all to take very close
note of do do an editing error a story in Mondays Harold incorrectly said that Cuban rights activist
Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo joined his wife Gladys Gutiérrez Menoyo and her three children on a trip
to Havana Sunday he remained behind in Miami so I don't know why they put that in in a
case maybe somebody wants to get him or something like that but don't do that that would be bad
that would be wrong wouldn't it it would be wrong also I got a facts here that evidently they
left behind from Aaron show last night from a hermaphrodite whose name I will not read on
here and I'm sure it's the thing is not for real anyway you probably went and took it out of her box
I don't get anywhere near her box okay the last thing in the world that I would get close to is
Aaron's box you know what I'm saying if somebody waved a magic wand and made me a straight as an
arrow the last thing I would come even close to under any circumstances would be that lovely bitches box I got
you down here's a lady mobile in pop and oh hello hi Neil yes man oh I'm going to get a phone call
from a friend who's going to tell me I've become a chronic really yeah yeah I just keep calling I don't
even know what what he's like talking about I want to ask for a hockey ticket what what are we talking
about yeah whatever you feel like talking about I'll talk about just so that I can get a chance to
see if you want to get my kid at birthday present at the end of the camp now let's go back
and review this again somebody called you yes another agenda you weren't even listening no no no I
know I just you weren't listening I know no I just turned it on and I'm listening when I said it
though where you were listening we have an open line and Broward 5249 I'm going to be relentless
in brutal more so than usual with these today after what you folks did to all of us yesterday
these Mondays man I'm taking off on Monday I'm going to go out and play golf with some important
people on Mondays I'm not coming in this place I'll tell you that right now and I'll also tell you
for public record nobody I said it yesterday and evidently it didn't get through to the right
people nobody is messing with the material that is played on a year on his show unless it's
questionable in terms of FCC that's it that's the only area in which anybody else is going to
make any judgments about stuff that's played on this show between 10 and 2 period end of conversation
that's it and if Larry Justice is too thin skinned to have fun poke at him if Aaron summers is too
goddamn thin skin I got you down like everybody else in his place does all the time that it's too bad
then they ought to find another line of endeavor okay it's just a goddamn radio show
but oh everybody is so sensitive now and everybody is uptight today I don't think everybody's
uptight I think just basically one guy's uptight one boy here's a lady mobil in four-later day
all hello you know yes ma'am absolutely nobody to listen to on the radio at night not on any
station you're not putting it yeah well that's your main claim to fame I think hey since Randy
laughed that's the end there's nobody at night yeah and WIID in my book obviously doesn't care
especially losing the women at night and we lost the women at night we don't have any women
listening to the station we got like a minus six we owe six women the latest trend
well I don't care for you and if we could find six women and turn their radios on then we'd be
even we'd be it would be a washout well people I talk to like where's Randy now she's still up
and pounding she's still at JNO she's doing it I don't know what the deal is though I guess a
Buldell filled in for her last week I would assume that she was on vacation he's back this week
I would assume any chance of her ever coming back no why would she come back here she she told
them the stick it she high-tailed it on her she told them the stick it yeah well have a great day
yeah thank you see yeah we have an open line and day
open line and then oh we don't in Broward 5249 463 524 it's free we wanted where's the Panther
Patrol how come we're not getting some good conversation about that the Svensson that Magnus
Svensson last night who scored he shoots he scores what a goal by Magnus but he can't play defense
yet because he's got to get familiar with the NHL and with how to spear guys in the gut like a good
sweet nor you know like all Sam you'll send those really good Swedes know how to do he's got to
get to lay at the land and play a little bit of defense but that guy that called before his right
Fitsy did not play did not distinguish himself last night but nonetheless I mean when you're
in sudden that's over time and you've outplayed the great Quebec Nordique right on their home ice
you got the frogs booing and flipping the bird everybody in frustration and exasperation
and then you just and I'm sitting there just don't blow it please don't blow it play oh they blew
it you know don't do it too late it's in the net very disconcerting and look at that we have
an open line in Broward I can't believe can you believe that that is truly frightening to me to a
I just can't even I'm speechless 5249 463 by the way CNN showed their latest poll the question
they asked is there is there a chance is there a chance that the charges against OJ might be true
that was the way they phrased the question is there a chance that they might be true okay 66
percent of the white people in the poll said yes they said yeah might be true 24% of the African
American people who were pulled said yes that means 76% of the African American people who were
surveyed in this poll said there is no chance that he might be guilty killed the cold how do you
like that then they also asked did you think that detective Mark Ferman planted the bloody glove
okay did detective Ferman plant the bloody glove is it a setup 18% of the white
respondent said yes 58% of the black respondent said yes so thank God that this ain't turning into a
racial thing anyway I mean how is it possibly so blind of the truth I mean is it really that possible
to be that stupid to say that there is no chance that there's no chance that the charges might be
true they got his blood they got the a knife cut on his finger they got the most stupid
alibis the most ridiculous lacking credibility defense witnesses all of whom are laughing stock
he was sleeping he was taken a nap he was playing golf he was batting it around he was here he was
there he was out there on a highway in a bronca with $10,000 in a passport 76% of the African
American respondents in this poll said there is no chance that the charges might be true the
turnage lose and the 34% of the white respondents who said there's no chance 20% of them go to
plantation high they were in here that morning couple of weeks ago good group but very slow 1036
at wiod the opinions expressed by the host Guester callers on wiod you're not necessarily those
of this station or its sponsors all wiod programs are copyright 1995 by wiod incorporated and may not
be recorded or distributed without prior rippin consent don't they understand that I would jump
in front of a bullet from the cold hey Susan I didn't expect it hey your butt smells great is that
popery in your pants no silly it's red dog perfume the new canine fragrance from red dog brewery wow
what a great scent hey mister come here you got to smell my friends ass okay golly it's like
summer breeze are you busy this weekend all right who's next thanks red dog down boy red dog perfume
strong enough for a bitch but made for a woman available at Bloomingdale's dealers and
bets for us 1040 20 to 11 at wiod we got now what's the deal did the van atter finish up yesterday
or what because I hate to admit it but I didn't really watch any more of it at home did van atter
he do he be done or is he coming back again for some more with Bobby Shapiro we don't know well
we'll find out because it can't be that far away can it oh shades of yesterday show all over again
somebody on the purple line dropped off so if you want those hockey tickets we might give him away
to somebody on cellular one but I doubted pound IOD here's the mobile and pound beat hello
what's the deal yes sir oh pretty good game last night wait I thought we played a damn good game last
night for a team that's not too fast we look pretty fast last year we you know they finally
decided to play some offense this past week and even though we keep blowing these games and
overtime we're scoring some goals Billy Lindsay starting to look pretty good oh they're sticking
to puck in the net I like this guy woolly Jason really is awesome he's playing great he had one
tremendous scoring chance I remember that he went right in on the rush there with the I forget
who was with and he had a tremendous shot a good scoring chance this team is starting to fall
in the shape now the only problem is they're losing all the games we're losing all the ties yeah
you know we're not pulling I mean you're like wins but you know even if you have a tie it just
we we can't even hang in there for a tie that's three points we flushed down the toilet this past
week three good games especially the game against the flyers in a game last night played really
outstanding and even Buffalo we outplayed him I thought two to one and I came we up play to
my back and we at three points down the toilet keep that in mind when it comes playoff time if we
miss out again like we did last year by one or two points into the playoffs that's right
if we would have had those ties yep I also wanted to talk to you about and how about those
conradiens man eight to four the flyers keep their eyes once again they beat him seven nothing
the time before that in Montreal and now they beat him eight to four as the La Clare and
Renberg and Lidros Lange goes crazy again not totally nuts yeah I wanted to talk about the
senior citizen drivers about that accident over on the cause waiting the other night yes
did you read about that no oh head on collision the guys on the on the cause way on the wrong side
right head on in the four cars how was he 110 do you know how many drivers the Ford has over the
Asian 90 two million 40 thousand licensed drivers over the age of 90 oh that's right
yeah they're also they were wasn't isn't this the decade of the 90s the age not the yeah well they
did it they did it like some kind of thing on the news yesterday about fake counties and cars
and stuff and you know obviously teenagers are the number one but senior citizens are number two
and since they only drive you know point four hours a week that puts them right up at the top
they're dangerous deal totally dangerous okay go get him pal hey yeah open line in day 7519 463
what are you smiling about George you said hey I said hey see a open line in day 751 WOD 1 and
Broward 5249 463 on a really neat Tuesday man this is the way we like to toy with the audience
just to play with it speaking of that here's a facts that was left in here on the table that says
hello Aaron I am a hermaphrod now first of all it says I'm hermaphroditic am I pronouncing that
correctly I am a hermaphrod dieted dietie what is it I'm wearing some dides I'm hermaphroditic and
I like to have sex with myself quite frankly sometimes while I am in the process it gets stuck if
you know what I mean I know that this probably sounds like a joke but it is true and I don't know
where else to turn I'm too embarrassed to talk to any sexual therapists or doctors about the
situation no one knows except for my immediate family and my best friend I would be eternally
grateful if you would address this topic over the year between 10 and 11 p.m. tonight thank you so
very much I have no one else to turn to desperately yours and it is signed with the name but it
forget that ps I would call you myself but I am too embarrassed to actually speak to you a hermaphrodite
now what's the easiest advice you can give to him right go f yourself I guess would be it
I'll always have a little problem there so we're getting some people who are like bringing out
their deepest darkest they're slinging it out they're dragging it out and that's a really good
thing that's what we don't want to do is get their inner problems and work it out let's do boca
hello well Neil yes hey how you doing today pretty good sir hey listen I got a good question for
I work at a gas station here yeah if the frogs can reproduce in space why can't they work the god damn
pumps very good point I don't know yeah I can't figure it out I still think space is the best
place for them to reproduce I think the space is the best place for anybody who watched that game
last night and saw the aberrant behavior of those frogs in Quebec all believe that guy who's my point
oh my god hey listen we were talking the other day about a pucks going straight through the net
I was watching the game it was either two or three days ago and sure enough the guys slapped a shot
ripped right through the net right play kept going yeah whole nine jarg hey listen up what do you
mean play kept going they kept playing you know because they didn't know if the puck had actually
gone in what game was that I can't remember now I can't remember for the life of me and uh but
the play went on and went on and then after they uh you know because everybody knew what had
happened but they couldn't tell then they they pulled the clock back they gave them the goal and
they had a penalty after the play and the penalty stood also that the puck did that was the
Pittsburgh game that was Pittsburgh and Ottawa that's right that's right puck didn't go through the net
yeah it did it to right through the net no it did not I saw the get watch the whole game well maybe
it was a different game that because the rep was tie in tie in the net after the after the play
oh I saw that too that was in uh that was in the Bruins New Jersey game I think I saw them tie in
the uh back of the twine yeah I didn't I didn't see that goal if the no the Pittsburgh game that
that's another one that the uh there was about six and a half minutes left and Ottawa scored and
the red light never came on and the referee uh didn't call it a goal and they had a rep they had
to redo the video replay like about three minutes later and sure enough the puck did cross over
line and then reg it like yanked it back out of there but it was a goal and then they had to go
back to the point where it was uh what's instead a three and a half minutes left it was back to six
and a half minutes left and Steven still got the penalty for Pittsburgh it's a lot of time Sunday oh
Saint Louis and Annaheim somebody called said that was the game the puck went through the net that
was it yeah hey listen to my last one I came forward to two but Saint Louis got beat by the
Kings last night five three I thought I mentioned that for late score yes my girlfriend and I would
love to go to Tampa and they're what do you say please what do I say what can we go to Tampa I never
say please we have an open line in broad I said sometimes I say may I open line in
brown at five two four nine four six three one on the green line one eight hundred nine if he
would have known the right game I'd have sent their ass right over there to Tampa he's giving me a
song in a dance see if you had a pulled if you'd have been a good liar if you just said oh I think
it was in the Ottawa but not with them in Ottawa it was in the Quebec somebody game but I was
watching the Pittsburgh Ottawa game you should have known that so I knew you're wrong immediately if
not sooner because Doug McCloud told me and why was Doug McCloud doing that game again on television
and Mike laying to an on radio but quite frankly Doug McCloud ain't that bad I don't want to say
that he's better than some announcers I can think of like Chris Moore but 1047 at W I O D
W I O D what's wrong with a little cheap talk among friends hey baby I'm going to use you as a
sex toy and now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for Fred
Rogers birthday millions of children grew up watching Mr. Rogers neighborhood but few saw the
misguided attempt to spin the series off into a prime time show as this lost pilot episode shows
hello boys and girls and welcome to miss to Rogers neighborhood watch let's take a stroll and
see if everything's okay wait a minute there's someone stalking in the bushes outside Mrs.
Magnogious bedroom window hello there neighbor say you're not wearing any pants are you a pervert
uh yes yes I am this is a pervert boys and girls I have that looks awfully comfy would you
mind if I shake my pants off too I guess not oh that's real nice and breezy isn't it let's all
take our pants off boys and girls so what you doing here in the bushes well I was I was
speaking in this window here see anything interesting well I some ladies taking off our clothes
mine scoots and over so I can take a look see my guess hmm why that's Mrs. Magnogious she's got some
great big-all hooters doesn't she can you say that hooters uh hooters very good uh look if you
don't mind I'm not gonna put my pants back on the end my way are you sure night still young yeah
I'm pretty sure I'll see you around well boys and girls wasn't that interesting we met a real
five pervert be sure to come back for next week's neighborhood watch when we'll go down to the
docks and take off our pants in front of some sailors the lost pilot episode of Mr. Rogers neighborhood
watch entitled can you say canceled can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores video treasure
chest we've got rooms to this crowd okay ten fifty three at w.a.d. on a really interesting
Tuesday it's developing into a really psychotic day and there's a green line a passion line
that's not lit let's do a lake worth hello hey Neil yes sir how are you sir okay uh you know we
talking about how the crowds and the sporting events really are apathetic I was watching uh
the bulls game on Sunday with Michael Jordan's reappearance yeah we had like some gigantic a 30
five-year 36 year something like that it was like a sellout the the arena 16,000 something and
it was it did go into overtime and I was watching and they lost yeah well but as the camera went
down to the end uh people were just streaming out with two and three minutes left and it was a
tie ball game and this is like the big game of Michael Jordan coming back ridiculous also what does
that mean just you know people don't care that is it they want to get out of the park maybe
those people are all planning on moving to Florida that's what we do it here they want to get
out to the parking lot right and get down out of there I can't blame them for once to fight all
that stupid traffic anyway yeah but you get at least for a game like that you just at least
they can see how it ends I mean well that's sports fans in America they're losing interest fast they
realize that they've been had they've been ripped off and are just they're getting tired of it and uh
what we have up here in Palm Beach County of course is the uh the blaze who is a good team there
for a minor league or whatever they are they are a pretty good team and you know the Westbound
Motor Tourium what is it like four or five thousand seats they can't put two thousand in there
all right when they're playing another you know Lakeland I think it's supposed to be another really
good team and uh we went a couple weeks ago and it's like maybe maybe two thousand people at the
very most in there and it's like six and eight dollar seats yeah and they can't even fill that
well what are you complaining about in Hartford's got a national hockey league team they do like seven
eight thousand people a game and about a thousand of those never show up anyway it's unbelievable you
can sit wherever the hell you want in Hartford by a two dollar seat and sit right there on the glass
and I got an old spy report for you yes remember when you were in the uh plantation
fashion mall with the center one thing sure do and Matt was standing over George and his wife
had Matt pinned against the glass they had him pinned right up against the wall you remember that
and George's wife keeps calling here every day saying when is the when we're going to hit the
mad again I know now that I was in I know nobody ever gave you the full story on that I was in
earshot of the whole conversation yeah and Matt was showing a lot of interest in like
wanted to be a trainee or a a board up trainee or he just was showing a lot of interest in being
this I'm going to miss him training in the studio and yeah no George was uh George was
directing him the right way telling him to you know somewhere the hell is he I don't know but
I I've heard you like say the George is trying to scoop him and uh he was uh George is trying to
help you out I'm sure of it George is uh George was interfering on behalf of his wife okay don't
ever kid yourself he's not trying to get anybody in here that I might just sit and look at you know
and if that's the case where is he I don't know where's Matt he was where's Kevin with a maple leaf
with the Felix pot van jersey where's Steven from plantation where are all these uh fine specimens
of the human race they're all gone it's all just life is just a big tease that's all
and have a great day we have an open line in day seven five one the green lines the passion lines
but it's a good thing he did call remind me about Matt because when we need to have our 85
interns for the summer here hanging around and uh getting school credit for just hanging around
here and eating a lot of free food Matt certainly is at the top of our list isn't he George
if you say so don't uh don't give me that crap okay your wife might actually uh put that
tongue away for a couple of days if you brought Matt in I love that tongue yeah bet so does she here's
Hollywood hello first time core all right great um I always say you're talking about garden
stake park and uh my brothers of all eight are really yeah must not be too busy
yeah they are going bankrupt oh that's sad it's such a beauty have you ever been there of course
what a beautiful track yeah uh and they're dying over there yeah they are how can you prefer a harness
race in the thoroughbred race i always have i just uh it's to me it's more exciting there there's not
all this long long time in between races i mean you you have to take a pillow when you go to the
thoroughbred you could take a nap seriously it's just too much time in between right and then they run
for a minute and ten seconds and guess what you had another half hour let me ask you another thing uh
if all the drivers were black and harness racing would you still follow it no no you know that's
an interesting question if all the drivers were black would I still go to the uh to the track
probably i guess so and there is a white team in the NBA that's good they're probably in the
championship this year to see an extent they start three white guys a lot of time they start three white
guys yeah and damn what is the second best player in the team and he's great they're big freaky guys
though they they all the guys in the NBA looked like they're from outer outer space or something
i just i can't relate to that so there's nothing to look at for you Neil oh that's true that's
you that now you're getting out of it if we had some Latin guys on there then i would start
watching the NBA now you got it those Latin guys are too short that's the problem you guys are
gonna have to start eating your vitamins baby and a lot of cereal or something because you're too short
okay so see if you can grow it a little all right it's been a great day pali yeah he's got a good
point there i know now why is that do do do do do do the heat have like a lot of latins that i bet
they do now the panthers we got some i wouldn't say we have a tremendous uh Latin crowd at the
panther game some thanks to me mostly the ones who are in a closet pretend they don't listen to the show
but they really do and they discovered hockey is great and they have a lot of fights and they like that
but as far as latins at basketball games maybe we can hear from somebody goes to the heat game
all the way did ask a heat question yesterday no matter what i asked yesterday might as well
been talking to myself but that would be interesting to find out if there's a lot of spit i mean
latins who come to the heat games because i still hear that man they are in a coma and what's
all this business about we had another call on rick and suds this morning about women using the
men's restroom at the arena what is that all about squirt squirt god yes because the lines are
jet now let's face it okay just stop and think about it let's say there's 14,000 people in their
unearbred which is you know give or take i would say of the 14,000 10,000 would be male okay
4,000 women guys bring their girlfriends their wives then there's Ellen and genie and of course
though they hang out in the men's room i know that those two and the same with the blade run a girl
in jannit they hang out in the men's room they hang out in the showers downstairs but so if
there's 4,000 women now is there a lack of the number of women's rooms why does this seem to be the
big problem at every sports facility for years they all bitched about the orange bowl not
enough places to go pee not enough for toilets the toilets were it looked like a toilet they smell like
and now every now we got the same thing at the arena there are women because in between periods
if you wait to go take a leak and i always if there's like about a minute and a half two minutes
left and i got to really go i make a run and there's no problem but if you wait until the end of
the period man they're lined up 20 30 deep at the urinal and there's a few guys in there too
Hank Goldberg beat your hard out news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D my Emmy fort lauderdale
Gordon gives south florida a major blowjob Florida sucks news talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil call 751 W I O D in date 524 W I O D in
Broward outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and say you know one customers
can call pound i o d at no charge now the Neil Rogers show a news talking entertainment radio
610 W I O D a it's how it how it's spam
A Gay
Encore
Shh
Say
That night when she turned off all the lights, there's no place where she could hide.
Oh no, OJ was gonna get hurt.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
OJ went out to kill her.
That night one day the jury's gonna set free OJ.
We're all we know he's gonna head your way.
Oh yes, and OJ's gonna get ya.
It's true, OJ is gonna come at the time.
And that who get away with that want to do.
Oh yes, OJ is gonna get ya.
OJ is gonna get you, OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you, OJ is gonna get you one night.
Move and use it as the tape
Shake it
I'm going to get you.
Oh, she's going to get you.
Oh, she's going to get you tonight.
OK, 11 away to W.I.D.
We'll be O.J. in it a little bit later on today.
By the way, bad news for O.J. fans Friday.
No juice.
No court on Friday.
I guess the judges got like a golf game or something going on.
No court on Friday.
Here's a mobile in Dania.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
All right.
Hey, my name is Bert.
Yes, Bert.
Uh, compliments to the best talk show host on a damn radio, man.
You're the best.
I am.
Listen, uh, been listening to you since 91.
I'm a stuntman and I was doing a movie.
Uh, that's a stuntman.
Yeah.
And I was doing, uh, underlies the Black Jack Savage in Miami.
And I want to compliment you on all your commentary on the Persian War.
I loved it.
Every time, uh, all of us, we listen to you constantly.
All the stunt guys on the show.
Mo, we were pretty good on the golf world too.
I thought we were kind of on top of that one too.
Yeah, but, uh, I'm living down the keys now.
And I've listened to you every time I get up this way.
And I've never tried calling.
And it's a pleasure.
Well, thanks a pile.
Most compliments for you.
And you have a great day.
I shall see you.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah.
And I was also good when we covered that little contra Thompson Salon.
I was pretty accurate on top of that.
We have an open line in day.
75.
There is no more Salon.
Anybody know where Sri Lanka is?
What is wrong with it?
You know, something I could go off on a tear, but I won't do it.
Because even in the old days, when I was on KAT, I remember Lin Russell got to be the PD
because Sid Levin took a shine.
She had a nice ass or something like that.
So he made her the program director after, um, well.
So anyway, uh, she became the PD and one I went there one day I said, and not that I was asking.
Because I don't ask program directors even going back way back then.
I was making $225 a week.
I didn't ask them permission for what material I was going to do on the show.
That's like kindergarten.
Okay.
That only program directors were on some kind of a psychotic power trip.
Get into things like that.
You know, I mean, I can understand if you're dealing with a bunch of shmeckles who need to be led by the nose.
But we don't need that here.
Most of the people on the air, except for some of the weekend and nighttime people.
Our professional broadcasters.
But anyway, so I said, I'm going to do a whole week of shows on education.
And she looked at me and said.
I'm a little slow today.
She looked at me and said, oh, why?
She was, that was Lin Russell.
Now of headline news, big TV star.
And I'm making much money.
Now she's nice.
She's all right.
She mellowed out since she and Sid were tight.
But anyway, and I said, uh, because I think it's a very important topic.
We were top.
We were, uh, issue oriented radio.
And she looked at me like, oh, gee, that's, uh, boring.
And here we are 20 years later.
And it's still boring.
And it's, uh, like 100 times worse than it was then.
I mean, you asked somebody for every, every time they put that thing in a paper about how they asked like you of M students.
Of course, that's a bad example because they're mostly dummies anyway.
But they ask college students.
They give them a map.
And they ask them, okay, point out the area on the map that you live in.
And a whole bunch of them can't do it.
There's that thing dangling down there.
I mean, it's so obvious.
It's like hanging out of their pants.
It's dangling right and they can't find Florida.
They don't know where it is.
Guys from New York.
I mean, there's long islands sitting out there like in the Atlantic Ocean.
It makes it kind of pretty obvious where New York is.
If you got, you know what I'm saying?
Where's New York on the map?
I don't know.
They point to like where Minnesota is.
Duluth.
I mean, I don't understand how anybody can accept this.
How do it be possible for people to be so stupid and so inarticulate and so God damn it,
literate.
How is that possible?
It's frightening and nobody cares.
They didn't care then and they don't care now.
This is the greatest curse in this country.
These are the dumbest freaking people on the face of the earth, our Americans.
And it's not because they're bad people.
It's because nobody cares about education.
Well, they can tell you all kinds of crap like about OJ who was on the witness stand yesterday.
How many inside edition shows Kato Kaelin's been on?
They can tell you all this other crap.
OJ's daddy was a drag queen.
He was.
By the way, the WABC slams the Yankees with a $10 million suit over the rights fees.
I'm sure you've heard about this.
I'm big inside radio information.
WABC says the replacement players sham competitions have created a breach of contract.
And when you're paying $5 million a year in rights fees, you want the real thing.
When you pay for it, you want the real thing, not some make believe thing, not something made out of plastic.
Yankees flagship WABC is still carrying the preseason games, but tells the court virtually no advertisers will touch them with an ugly stick.
Also points out the team has cut ticket prices to fans by 50%.
But New York Times says MSG network is in the same jam.
Can't get a break on its $44 million dollar a year rights fees.
Word is also WABC's demanding monetary damages.
WABC and George Steinbrenner have had a stormy relation on and off for years.
They've been losing money.
It said as the first rights related lawsuit, but maybe not the last.
When will WQAM Sue Wayne, Heizanga?
That'll be the day when they get the balls to sue anybody.
You know what?
A bunch of pans he's over there.
And hey, nice going, Joe and Dave.
I know it's make believe ballroom ball games.
1114 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
The station your mother's afraid to listen to.
Another dick in the White House?
In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best.
Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young,
in the return of father knows best.
Step into the confession or believe.
I don't know, father. This makes to 47th time I've been in there this week.
Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking?
Father knows best.
It's the Vatican's best kept secret.
And you've got a private seat for all the fun.
Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson.
But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise.
Oh, it will, Billy. It will.
Father knows best.
Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to St. Peter.
Father knows best.
Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Wasn't the Robert Young in Father knows best, I think so.
It's 1117 at W.I.O.D.
Here's, uh, what is that? Salina Kansas.
Bill, how you doing, man?
What the hell is that?
Even with the hell is that?
What is Salina Kansas? What is it?
It's a place on I-70.
It's halfway in between the state.
Between a what?
It's halfway in between the state of Kansas.
Between the state of Kansas and a dark place.
It's like right in the middle of the state.
Yeah, and it's like, you know, halfway between the edges.
It's like inhabited by five people and they all live at the, you know, the dark place.
What you'd be doing there is the obvious question. What are you doing there?
I'm coming on the right all the way from Seattle.
From Seattle?
Yeah.
How long's that gonna take you about a week?
No, in fact, we've got here in two days.
Yeah.
So it's probably be like another two more days.
Oh, that's not bad.
No, we're just having a good time and, you know, listen to your show and just letting you know we're on our way back.
Well, hallelujah, and guess what? Nothing's changed here.
Huh?
Same old stuff going on here.
Hey, what's the deal about the, uh, the Tokyo thing?
I caught a little bit of that.
There's some kind of a terrorist deal.
No, it's just some leftover gas from Hiroshima.
It's just delayed reaction.
All right, Neil.
Have a good trip, Ali.
I'll talk to you when I get back.
All right. Have a safe one.
Later.
Bye. And a trip too.
Yeah, they're just a little delayed reaction gas coming out of, you know, in fact, what we did is we dropped a time relief on them.
Is what we did. They didn't realize it.
That'll get even when those little slighty-eyed guys, oh, sorry, Judge Edo.
Sorry about that.
Those Chinese guys can sure play ping pong, can't they?
See, that's another thing.
When you come across like those make-believe sports stations on there, like when you guys used to have sports channel,
which they took it away from most of you, because you don't have a satellite dish and you got cable and you got screwed again.
But during the off hours, even on ESPN, where they got 24 hours a day to fill, they got the four hours of programming, you know,
and they put all this other crap on there.
When they got a ping pong tournament on there, do you watch that?
What is that the noise I'm hearing by the way?
Where is that leaking from?
Is that the phone pot again?
Boy, there's something really filthy in our pot. Better weed it out.
No, but seriously, when you watch a bunch of Chinese guys play in ping pong,
would Chinese people play, you know, we have never had a Chinese call around this show.
Have we?
Once.
No. Japanese.
No, what's a Chinese person?
A Chinese. What should we never have? Have we never had a Japanese call this show?
No Koreans.
We don't have any Koreans living here, do we?
For sure we do.
We do. How about Thai? Do we have any Thai wanis?
Thai one on?
No, that would be a good thing for us to do today in between all these people sucking around for these hockey tickets,
which I know just lately, most of them are not even voicing their time asking, which is a good idea.
Now I'll give them a voice soon, maybe.
But what we need a jab to call in here would be good.
But seriously, do you think Chinese people watch ping pong because other Chinese people are playing with it?
Huh?
It's like, porno movies.
Do you want to see Chinese people doing it?
I guess depends on what they look like.
Make me feel better about myself.
Seriously, would you watch a movie with, I mean, unless you had really good vision?
Now some Chinese women are very well-endowed.
Some Chinese women are voluptuous, and some Chinese guys are very, very good-looking.
A lot of them, but not well-endowed.
Not a trust me.
I mean, like, oh, here's Boko on the purple line.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I got four topics to real fast to hit you on.
Okay, number one.
Rodriguez, I'm the coach of FIU now.
Stanisth, Latin.
Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah.
He's pretty good.
He's a strong coach.
Maybe FIU will make it back to the NIPs until UCLA again gets killed.
Great, and lose by 45 points again.
Number two, I'm sitting in the barber shop this morning,
and someone fans through the barber shop,
but Michael Jordan's calling it quits,
and he doesn't got what it takes.
Is that true?
You're doing anything about it?
Yeah.
He usually, you know, he liked to say it wasn't the quitter,
but he played and he figured it...
You know, he came out there with his pants on back,
when he figured that was a bad omen.
So, he thought one game was enough.
Not that it was a publicity stunt.
He's out.
Unbelievable.
Number three.
I lost the game.
I know you're a food lover.
I got this great new restaurant in Coral Springs.
Yes.
Hobo's Ficht joint.
Real good breakfast.
Home-o's Ficht joint.
Home-o's.
Hobo's.
Home-o's Hobo's.
Okay.
Great stuff.
Got a lot of bottom feeders hanging out in there.
Yes?
Thanks a lot, Pat.
Okay, have a great day.
We have an open line on the Purple Line,
pound IOD, and we also have one on the Passion Line,
1-800-944-9463.
Now, what do we got?
We got the Panthers are playing at Buffalo on Friday.
They're playing at Montreal, I believe, tomorrow.
Oh, man.
Montreal never loses at home.
They go on a road to get Wallaplug last night,
eight to four by the flyers.
Can you imagine what those frogs in Montreal are going through
right now?
They want joctin merrys.
They want the entire front office.
They want to fry their ass right on the ice,
and I don't blame them.
What a trade that was.
Mark Recky.
I mean, he's a nice little guy.
He's okay.
Never stole a freight train.
He don't look too bad.
He's, you know, he's a goi.
But he's not like the end of the world.
It's not like Pavel Burry or Eric Lindross
or something like Superstar.
It's a guy.
And they give away three outstanding young players.
And now, since they made that trade
Philadelphia's in first place,
they're like six points in first place.
They're beating the crap out of regular bases out of the conidians
who cannot win a game on the road,
who can't steal a game on the road,
but they win at home.
They only lost once at home all year long.
And the Panthers, we got to go in there tomorrow night
with those guys.
They're more frogs.
Not bad enough we got frogs legs last night.
Now we got to go in there tomorrow.
And by the way, you notice one thing about hockey players.
These guys aren't pussies.
These guys aren't a bunch of guys that just because they're friends
with each other.
Last night in the first period,
Rimmer is telling us that Joe Sackick and Mike Huff,
or good old buddies when they were young in school
or whatever together,
and they went out to dinner the night before,
because the team got there the afternoon before, like Sunday.
And they go out to dinner Sunday night.
Right in the first period,
Mike Huff reaches out his stick
and high sticks Joe Sackick right in the push,
opens up a nice big cut and gets a four minute high-sticking double-minor.
Atta boy, Mike!
All right!
Don't let friendships stand in a way of a good high-stick.
Hi.
It's 11-24 at WIOD.
Hi, this is Erin Somers.
Tonight we're going down memory lane,
because we're going to be talking about the time
that we lost our opportunity.
Passion phones with Erin Somers,
weeknights, eight till midnight,
on news, talk, and entertainment radio.
6-10, W-I-O-D.
6-10, WIOD.
Don't wait now.
We need a designated driver.
Okay, 11-26 at WIOD.
Two open lines at date.
What is that all about at 7519-463?
You ought to see the really nice puff piece
that Nick Lawrence sent here.
Must be looking for a job, huh?
From the light bulb.
Remember, Nick?
The aroma lingers on, baby.
Oh, I'm sorry.
751 WIOD.
Don't forget if you want to actually pay and go on this bus trip,
because you're not going to win it anyway.
Most of you.
I'll accept one.
Here.
You can call the toll free number,
1-800-395-5287.
It's the JJ Kelly Charter Bus.
JJ Kelly, those are the folks that bring us
that great scoreboard all the time during the A Panther Games,
which quite frankly, many nights,
that's all I'm paying any attention to.
I don't want to say when Leafs are playing.
Not that I don't pay attention to our Panthers,
but some nights up until recently,
there wasn't too much to pay attention to.
Now we're playing good, and we lose every night.
The Panthers expressed a Tampa a week from Sunday,
April 2nd to see the Panthers in a lightning play
in the beautiful Thunderdome.
It's a pretty interesting place if you've never been there.
It's just bring a pillow to sit on.
Not that the seats are uncomfortable,
it's just you have to be able to look over the head of the person
sitting right in front of you,
because they're not like a slanted well.
Maybe the Oriental could help them out over there.
They don't know how to slant it right.
$59 per person if you want to pay for it,
then it includes round trip, luxury bus transportation,
with restroom.
They got a VCR on a bus.
You can watch all your favorite pornoes,
whatever they're going to show.
Game ticket free soda is available on the bus,
but space is limited.
So call that number and to hop on the bus and go to Tampa,
and get some enthusiasm for the lightning over there.
Jeff Moss asked me, he said,
you want to go over there?
I said, no way.
Call 1-800-395-5287.
No, it's not that I didn't want to go.
It's just that I felt we wanted to give these away
to some of our isolisters out there,
if we can find a couple.
But I've already been over there.
I was there two years ago.
I went sitting on, actually,
it was not at the Thunderdome,
because they didn't have the Thunderdome.
I was at that cow palace they had in Brandon,
where the lightning played their first season,
and I saw the Leafs beat the Leaves and Crap out of them twice that year.
That was good.
I mean, beat the Leaves and then last year,
we went over twice, saw the Leafs beat them,
and then that early game, when the Panthers beat them,
was it one nothing or two nothing,
that first, that was the record-breaking game,
where they had 29,000 in some odd,
and they all were odd in the Thunderdome.
They pack them in there, man.
It's a bizarre bunch, but they sure pack them.
Here's the Lady in Homestead.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I think your show is great,
because you give people the opportunity to say what they feel.
Sometimes.
All right.
But anyway, this has a little to do,
well, have a little to do with the LJK.
Now, very fast, I was going to say that in LA,
when King got a beaten from the Crops out in LA,
and King who was Afro-American,
I was ready to crucify the Crops, and you know.
Kill the Coles.
Find them guilty the whole bit, right?
Renginal Denny, when he got that beaten,
it left him half dead, right?
Nothing was done about that,
but yet the Afro-Americans looted that,
their LA, and they burned places,
and did the whole bit.
But Reginald Denny, well forget about that, right?
Susan Smith, who was white,
and she murdered her children by throwing them in the lake.
Well, I wanted to do the same thing to her.
I'm white, okay?
And I, this is the stuff.
You want to do what, throwing the lake?
Yeah.
Okay.
I want to hear it get, you sound good.
You sound good.
All right.
But we will feel bad about it.
We'll stay around for about 45 minutes in the field,
bad and watch your guys,
for what the bubbles come up, yeah?
What I'm trying to say is,
no matter what ratio, okay?
Yeah.
It shouldn't make a difference.
The Afro-Americans blame us for being prejudice,
but it doesn't look that way, okay?
O.J.
Look, you can't keep living in the past.
That's the bottom line.
You can't keep pointing back,
and it's like when David Berkowitz,
the discovery was the son of Sam,
and killed all those women,
they didn't say, well,
the Jews have been persecuted long enough,
and David Berkowitz is Jewish.
I mean, what is that?
You can't keep using race or religion
or any other thing as an excuse for like a,
I mean, Jeffrey Dahmer,
and nobody said, oh, here's another poor gay guy
that's being persecuted,
just because he killed a bunch of guys,
and has a bunch of bodies and his refrigerator.
You know, it's just a lame, it's really lame.
O.J. murdered his wife,
took his children's mother away from them.
Now, those children,
a half Afro-Americans, okay?
Which half?
What do you mean one half?
Yeah?
Well, you know what I'm saying.
But anyway, I just don't understand it.
I don't understand how 76% of them
could say that he is innocent.
Well, they did.
Yeah.
They said that, not only in it,
they said there is no chance that he committed the crime.
He's so freaking guilty, it's pathetic.
And he's gonna walk.
And he's giving us all the finger.
How do you like?
You notice how he's laughing when he stood in front of the,
he came over to the jury and he's smirked and laugh,
and he said, hey, take a look at this finger.
He's doing a Brian Constantine now.
The smirk's on his face.
Exactly.
You want to punch his lights out, it's so good.
There you go.
Well, we'll give you a chance to drop the pillow
and the gas chamber, okay?
But, you know, the sad part,
I'm gonna hang up now,
but the sad part is that we all know he's gonna walk.
There you go.
All right.
Well, you gotta walk before you sit down in the gas chamber.
Have a great day.
All right.
Hang in there.
Open line, what a hum on that thing, huh?
Wow.
And that Carl Douglas, you know,
you notice how they,
since he made all those mistakes,
those big boners,
they haven't been letting him do much of anything,
except sit there and look kind of dazed most of the time.
Huh?
And what is the story with those lips?
Do you notice how he's got blue lips?
I better ask Dr. Dunn about that.
He looks like he's been rimming frosty this snowman.
He's got really,
okay, let's go to West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'll throw three or four things out so quick.
Okay.
Number one, you're talking about the kids not knowing where New York was.
Yeah.
About, there's only 20% of this select group of high school
or college kids they asked.
They didn't know who even dropped the ball in Japan.
They all, they know the me,
the most political in Japan.
Who dropped the ball in Japan?
I think probably the Sony people
when Michael Jackson got in trouble.
Maybe they put it down the subway, too.
Yeah.
Listen, how?
They got a lot of people over there.
So there's some gas on the subway over there.
I mean, what if they're,
and then they had a threat,
all these copycat guys,
and they had a threat of some gas in New York, you know?
Now gas mass prices,
the stock prices went up 100 times.
There was 30, 100 times as much as usual.
In Japan, yeah, that's true.
That is absolutely correct.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
See, everything is done.
Everything is done.
Mark Obit and Terry Kerr.
Terry Kerr is the kid from California, ain't he?
It's not a kid.
Well, you know, it's a grizzled old man.
Is he really?
Well, he's not an old man.
I thought he was about 35.
Yeah.
But he looks about 55.
Like I was driving on the...
Mark Obin will show him his backside
in every one of those races.
Mark Obin is the best out there out there.
I'll tell you that.
I love Kevin Wallace,
but I'm going to be honest with you.
I mean, Mark Obin is phenomenal.
He's great.
Okay.
He is.
I'm Tonya.
All right, well, I will see what happens.
Listen, I was going to throw a hockey story at you.
And how about, let me see it again.
Were you there last Wednesday?
No, I didn't go last Wednesday.
Well, let me just tell you again,
I want to mention it.
I want to mention it for the third time.
Well, all he has to see gives two assists
on his victory to Gary Mills, okay?
Two of the races, he never won in a million years,
but that's another story.
Go ahead.
Is that one, Gary Mills,
we're in second with that 30 or 40 to one shot?
That's sad on the outside
and locked Gregory in all the way around
in that last race when they were like four points apart.
You bet your sweet butt.
Yeah.
I saw that.
And in the first race in the showdown,
when he left with that rat,
what else is it, Amy,
that piece of crap that never left the gate in his life
on the rail?
And he parked Gregory out the first quarter, 27 and four
with a horse that never had gates beat before in his life.
Good old Gary Mills gets an assist on there,
give him 500 of the thousand wally.
Go ahead, sir.
Really?
I was going through a hockey story actually quick.
Believe it or not,
before the Rangers got sort of good,
the Ranger fans used to be like the cup fans.
They would spend like 30 or 40 years
and they didn't have a chip on their shoulder.
And I went to one of the greatest games they ever had.
Do you remember their goalie, Jocelyn?
Of course.
Any Jocelyn was one.
Fast steady.
Yeah.
Now, that was a lot of fun.
He was loved in New York.
Not fat, Eddie, fast, Eddie.
Not fast, Eddie.
Not fat, Eddie.
That was gumboorzly was fat.
That's right.
I didn't think he was so fat.
Steve Leder.
When they treated him to the Detroit Red Wings,
the next game, the Rangers played,
it was in the next game,
it was in the second game,
the Red Wings came to play,
the Rangers are massacred.
Now, why didn't he look at me when I said that?
You're fat, and I'm fat.
What's wrong with being fat, Steve?
What did he give me an exasperated look on that for?
You're fat.
Loose some weight, Steve.
Go ahead, sir.
Okay.
In any case, when they came back and played
a massacred squadron,
Eddie, you're talking about it.
What are you talking about?
You're usually, like, fairly lucid today,
you're just dionami.
No, I'm not dionami.
I'm trying to state this call with some spurious material.
Let me face my hockey story.
What is it?
Eddie, the first game against the ring,
was back against the Rangers,
a massacred squadron,
he shut him out, one nothing.
They cried when crazy.
They were all yelling Eddie.
I don't think he was crying.
He was pulling the ring.
What do you mean against the Rangers?
He was playing for the Rangers.
No, no, no.
It was his first game for the Red Wings.
They traded him during the middle of the game.
I don't remember that.
I don't remember that.
No, remember that?
Yeah.
But his first game as a Red Wings,
he played against the Rangers and shut them out,
and the crowd came with steady ovation.
He came out of the ice, was crying,
and took fouls like no tomorrow,
when the greatest hockey story is there is.
What do you mean it's one of the greatest?
There was no story at all.
That wasn't a great story.
That was terrible.
Why it's wrong with it?
There was there was no nothing.
The show, the crowd had loved form,
and they even know he was playing for another team.
They came out and they cheered for the Rangers.
Well, how about those fans in Indiana?
They gave a sitting ovation to Michael Jordan the other day
on Sunday when they beat NBC hyped that thing up real big,
and everybody got sucked into watching.
Including me, I first around, I went to K2O
to get the real clear picture there on a big satellite
on a big dish, and I tuned it in.
I watched all the pregame hype,
and I watched about five minutes of the game itself,
and then I got on my phone and said,
it was the same thing, except there was no hype in this thing.
Nobody came out of this thing.
Well, it wasn't the same thing because the fans in Indiana were kind of like non-plus.
They said, hey, screw you, Michael Jordan.
We came here to see the Pacers beat your ass, and they did.
Okay, okay.
They did, because he was seven from 28 from the floor.
They gave away the game.
They played him 43 minutes, and the guy hasn't played in a year.
How do you like that?
Phil Jackson should be crucified in Chicago.
They should hang his ass from across.
Well, 43 minutes was a little bit.
Maybe no more than 30 minutes, you should have got.
Topps.
Anyway, let me ask you.
Seven out of 28 from the floor.
You could make seven out of 28.
With your eyes,climaxaire, blindfolded, you could do it.
Listen, man, it's about close.
Bob Pusier could do it, even with that bad speech defect,
he could go out there and do it right now.
Okay.
How close is Tampa Bay to Tampa Bay?
Downs.
Far.
It's in St. Pete.
Oh, really?
Have a great day, pal.
We have an open line in Broward, 524, and went on the passion line.
Boy, that was a great story.
He had about Eddie Jackman, wasn't it?
I guess he had to be there.
It's 1136 at WIOD.
And WIOD.
We hired the best programming consultants in the business,
and then told them to go to hell.
What do you guys think about this penis thing?
You suffer from constipation?
Boy, I see you're in jail.
There's nothing worse than feeling constipated.
But why should you also have to watch your money go down the drain?
So to speak.
Oh, yeah.
You gotta help me.
Now there's a product for your bathroom that is made just for constipated people.
Hurry!
Tell me what it is!
New six flushes, bathroom ball cleaner.
Six flushes is a lot less powerful than 2,000 flushes.
But since you're constipated, why pay more for flushes?
You won't be using.
Six flushes is only 25 cents.
This is how you're gonna help me?
Yes, you'll save fistfuls of cash.
Your product is absolutely worthless.
Six flushes from the makers of 2,000 day vitamin tablets.
The ones with no potency.
Okay, it's 1139-21 till noon at WIOD.
We have an open line.
Two of them we got a pair on the green lines.
And in the next 20 minutes, we're gonna be giving away that thing.
In the next 20 minutes, we're gonna give away that pair.
Because we don't wanna milk this past noon.
We got the OJ crap coming up later.
And I'm sure we got a lot of very important calls.
After yesterday's experience here, it's obvious to me that you can never,
you know, that woman called me before she had a bad hum on the phone.
And she wanted to say her piece.
And she at least responded to something that I said,
which happens very, very infrequently.
Because most people are too much of their pussycats, man.
There are too much of a whim to respond, especially if they disagree.
Because if they agree, first of all, they assume that I'll think that they're just fine.
They're just sucking around, which they probably are.
And if they disagree, they think that I'll probably make them really look bad
and hang up and browbeat and terrorize them.
Oh, and here he is again on CNN in a company.
One more time for Tracy and Judy or whatever is his wife's name, Kennedy.
Former Simpson juror.
Last night, I'm flipping along on the all over the dog.
Because I'm watching the Panther game and I'm watching the Hartford game.
And so I flip over on a cable to see something, what are in it.
And I'm going to have to be on CNN.
Guess who's on CNN?
Our good close to low-me $50 buddy.
And who's he got on there?
He's got Tracy Kennedy and his wife are on there.
Now, how long can it be before we get the movie, the book, the short story,
the long story, the tall story, the phony story, the real story, and everything else?
The tabloid show interviews.
He's everywhere.
Tracy Kennedy.
What's his claim to fame?
He got thrown off the guy named Simpson jury.
He's a star now.
He's a star because he got tossed out of there.
Because they believed he was writing a book.
And there's some other stuff probably going on that we didn't know about yet.
But now he's a superstar.
I rest my case.
Here's Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Okay, I got a couple of things to respond.
I can have a jab call.
You're my ex.
Sister-in-law.
She's a big time jab.
Is she?
I can't stand that bitch.
I'm not talking about a Jewish princess.
I'm talking about a real jab.
I'm just playing with you.
I want to talk to you about the pants.
Can't feel it yet.
Yes?
Okay.
What do you think about the...
I know we got two good goalies.
Yeah.
But I think that...
I know I don't know if you agree with this or not.
But why?
Well, let's find out.
Okay.
I understand you've got to give Bies a rest or a few days.
But don't you think that can break any kind of momentum?
I'm just going to give the example.
I am a Panther fan.
But like how they had Richter playing all season last year for the Rangers.
He can basically said he's not going to pull him out.
Even when he had a couple of bad games.
Don't you think that's...
What do you think about it?
He didn't pull him out.
He pulled him out in the middle of some games and put Helian in the middle of the game.
Well, the last year the majority of games, he let him...
He played most of the games.
He was the goalie.
Right.
He was the number one goalie, of course.
And I understand when they play every other day and it's not too many back-to-back games.
But do you think that that could be hurt and I mean putting pitch Patrick in?
I think that one guy only plays every very, very infrequently.
He can be rusty.
I think if it's Patrick, it's better than when we saw the last couple of starts he made.
And I think it's...
I think it's unfair to...
What?
I thought the game last time was a great...
He didn't play a great game.
He pulled it out.
He's stuck a joint out.
The team played a great game.
The team played great game.
What I'm saying to you is that you usually go with a hot hand and Neilson...
See, when you're going to start getting me going to Roger Neilson,
I would like to get a hit squad.
I'd like to pay them off to just do away with this man.
He is the biggest impediment to every team that he's ever coached.
He's a piece of crap.
He's hard-headed.
But the price was right, right?
He's just an absolute piece of garbage and everybody hates him like poison.
And I know, and I know this last night,
talk about Frosty, the snowman.
I noticed Rimmer was sucking around so heavy duty
with his close personal friend Brian Murray.
And he's saying on the telecast,
oh gee, I'm starting to really like a lot of things
that the front office has done here.
A lot of these moves and they got Swenson and Yadi, Yadi.
I mean, you've got to remember that he's real tight,
close personal buddies with Brian Murray to go back to their days
and wash them together.
Come on, Rimmer, quit sucking around so heavy duty, baby.
What else are you going to see?
You've got a bathroom no way.
I got a bathroom.
No, but I mean, but I mean,
the suction was so heavy man I was holding onto my seat.
Of course, anyway, before one other thing.
Like this call, yeah.
I have another theory on the arena for Latins.
Yes.
Well, it's in Dave County.
It's maybe by like, by default.
Maybe they just find it by off of 95.
Say it again.
They find it, the arena by default.
I mean, they're there.
Maybe they're there. They're not.
They're not true hockey fans.
Oh, the Latins have come to the game.
I mean, majority of them are there because it's like a happening.
How do you know that?
What about the Anglos right there?
Yeah, most of them are there by default too.
They're probably giving the ticket.
Yeah.
You hear them talking in the crowd.
What do I think?
I mean, they come there 15 games.
Read the book.
They give out the pamphlets for Christ.
Okay, we're going to be giving a pamphlet out in a second.
We have an open line of Broward 524.
Here's a fact that says it's from Kim.
I mean, why do they cross this out?
I guess it's Kim.
I'm a 25 year old Korean college student who attends the University of Miami.
Nothing's perfect, Kim.
However, I am not your typical Korean.
Wait till you hear this, George.
I'm 5'8", 157 pounds.
And unlike most Asians, my penis is 8 inches cut.
Circumspec and circumscribed and circumcised.
How do you like that?
I'm also a chronic listener.
I listen every day but cannot call.
I love men and I really think you would love me.
And yes, there is a furl...
Oh, so this is a faggot.
Oh, that's where this is a Korean fag.
You know, in Korea, I think they still shoot them for that, don't they?
At least in North Korea, I'm positive.
At least you get hung.
Maybe that's how he got to be.
So anyways, as I love men, I think you really would love me.
And yes, there's a fairly large Asian population here in South Florida,
especially in the Gables in South Miami.
I love you, Neil, and I love Luis Miguel.
Can you play Ahmedica?
Maybe I might just play that now as a matter of fact,
still giving those stupid tickets away.
Huh?
She certainly sounds good to me.
Because that's what we need to do is build a foundation on our nation with Luis Miguel.
We have an open line at day 7519-463.
One on the green lines, there's that Gloria Allred.
She was the big hot shot attorney for that kid from Michael Jackson for about five minutes.
Then she said, I don't think so.
The money's not good enough.
And a kid in this family are getting all the money and I'm not.
So she's out of that.
Now she's the attorney for the Brown family.
Is that who she represents?
You don't know?
Now let me ask you something.
I can understand asking a lot of questions like uniform numbers on the Tampa Bay Lightning.
But let's, I mean, how could you...
I'm trying to tune this out as much as possible.
Why is that?
Because it's like telling you how live.
I mean if you ignore this, that would be like ignoring our program director.
It's the same kind of concept.
Inanity.
Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line.
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Fuck one here.
Okay.
I need your expert.
I need your expert.
Excuse me.
I said, puck face here.
Thank you.
Yes.
I need your expert.
No, that's for me.
Yeah, go ahead.
I need your expert opinion on something.
Yes.
Do you think the cancer has a chance to make the playoffs?
Yes.
Improvement to all the other teams?
Well, yeah, but they can't keep losing all these overtime games.
They're playing better.
I must, I must, I'm astonished how good they're playing the last four games now.
But they're just, they're just, they're just choking in the clutch.
They're choking it.
Puffs rolling the wrong way, but we'll get those bounces later in the year.
Yeah, right.
Sure.
What are we played already?
20, uh, seven, 28 games is only 20 games left.
Yeah, to see the last week's schedule, that's what makes me nauseated.
Yeah, we got to play on the road.
We got to play at Pittsburgh.
We got to play at the Rangers.
I think the night before that we got a lot of tough road games right there at the end.
Back to back.
Yeah, so we better start getting those points right now, like I said, and have a great day, pal.
We have an open line on the purple line, pound IOD, and one in brown, at five, two, four, nine, four, six, three.
And when we come back, we're going to get away that nice bus trip for those tickets to Tampa to see lighting in the Panthers.
And then afternoon, we're going to die again.
And then you'll hear for an hour today.
Hey, listen, I got a lot of good comment about that yesterday.
They enjoyed it.
16 W I O D.
If we're talking too loud, you're too old.
W A Y N E S U C K S.
Okay, let's not be to run a bush here.
1151 at W I O D.
Okay, who's number 93 for the Tampa Bay Lightning George? Quick, Gully, Duran.
What do they call that thing before it comes out of the cocoon?
What thing, the moth?
Yeah.
The larvae?
The caterpillar?
Right, what do they call it?
The pupa?
There you go. All right, let's hear it for George. He gets the ticket.
Oh!
Duran, pupa.
Number 93 in gold and I'd for the lightning.
That's just a little joke.
Okay, let's go to, uh, he'd go.
He'd probably go over there. It's free.
Get to drink all that free soda on the bus.
You could probably time it just in time. You could have a little breakfast with alcohol seen in fat rich.
Is there any free food?
Here, no. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
He won't go. There's no free food. Yes.
Yeah, no.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to make comment about what you said yesterday in reference to not going to a basketball game because
they're all black, please.
Right.
What if I'm a black male?
What if I didn't listen to talk radio because they're no black talk radio show?
I've been listening to you, Rick, feel for about a year and a half now.
Yeah, but see on a talk show, we talk about things that are like of general interest to most people I would assume.
You don't understand?
Yes, but it's still entertainment.
Right.
Right. So if you don't want to go because they're black.
Let me ask you this.
If you would you go to, let's say you were invited to a party.
Okay, there were like a hundred people at the party.
Uh-huh.
And 99 of them were white.
You were going to be the only black person at the party.
Would you go?
If the entertainment said, yeah.
I'll see you're more adventurous than I am.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that's it.
I guess you're more adventurous than I am.
I'm just not, I don't know.
I just feel it's not for me.
But, but you're, you're, you're missing the boat.
I mean, you, you watch all the, uh, the hoopla around Michael Jordan, but then you only watch two minutes at a game.
No, I was, I was, I watched more than that.
In other words, I watched the first few minutes then I got a treadmill for a half hour.
Then I, I came back and watched more of it, but I sure didn't watch the whole game.
Okay.
I just want to see how he was playing.
And I saw him miss a lot of shots and take some bad shots.
And I thought basically he caused them the game.
Okay.
And as far as that lady who was going to put food and smith in the lake,
yeah, she'll hold it down out, P in the lake.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye.
Okay.
All right. Here's the guy that wants to do a little number.
Gorge Gorge.
I'll make a rickie lake.
In fact, isn't that the topic on the, uh, passion bones tonight?
Is something about that?
Something about the shower, power showers.
What's your manage?
We have an open line.
It's in date.
7519-463-751.
I don't know, Maggi.
I just can't, uh, maybe that is a fact thing.
I don't know.
Although there are a lot of black guys who, uh, look good to me.
I mean, it's got another duo with the athletes are good looking or bad looking.
And like I said, hockey players most, well, no, there are some pretty good looking hockey players.
But how the hell can you tell they all got helmets on there, you know?
And it got in the uniform that there were.
There's certainly nothing sexual about the outfit that,
hi, they're way like 50 pounds of equipment out there.
They got like jocks under their jock.
Oh, and what game was it I was watching the other night where the goalie got hit right,
like that squirrel.
Remember that squirrel in Chicago that was crossing the street on Larry Lujek's show?
And the nearly lost his nuts.
But it was the Bruins game, I think, a couple of nights ago.
The Bruins were playing New Jersey and lost it over time as it turned out.
But that turned out, that was a hell of a game.
But, uh, Blaine Locker, that kid that plays for the Bruins in goal, he took a shot.
And man, he just, you could see where it hit him, you know, like down beneath the, uh,
between the pads low in a certain spot.
And he just went down to the ice like he had been hit by a ton of bricks.
Like somebody had whacked him.
And Derek Sanderson and Fred Qsig both were like kind of a guest.
And in fact, I think Fred could almost feel it, which he hasn't done that in years.
Here is a plantation. Hello.
How are you doing now?
Pretty good.
First time call a little nervous, though.
But nevertheless, yes.
Okay, anyway, I'd like to say, I used to be a crazy Ranger fan.
And I really turned now.
I'm a crazy Panther fan.
Yeah.
I'd love going down to the atmosphere in the, you know, the arena is great.
It is.
And unfortunately, yeah, well, you know, it's exciting.
I take my 16 year old.
We go, um, I only have one complaint, uh, the parking there.
When I went the other night, we went to see the Buffalo, we made a loss and overtime.
Right.
Uh, there's supposed to be official parking there with a guy stands there for $8.
And he says the, the, you'd lot of secure.
Right.
Well, anyway, I put paid the $8. I got my ticket. I parked back there.
Here's these kids saying basketball and drinking beer and the bottles roll over the floor.
And I said, what the heck is going on here? You know, a little bit, a little bit concerned about leaving my car there.
Well, you're supposed to give each kid like five bucks to watch your car. Don't you understand that?
Don't you think $8,000 is enough?
No, that, that's just to get in there.
But then afterward you give each kid five bucks to watch it.
Well, I didn't know that.
And then when you get back, you might have like a couple of tires left.
Yeah, that was the only thing that concerned me.
Well, I lived in Detroit.
I used to go to Tiger Stadium, which is on Michigan Avenue downtown.
A very, very bad neighborhood, which Detroit has many.
And nonetheless, you would park down right near the stadium and one of the side streets.
And a kid would come over and say, dollar to watch your car, Mr.
And of course, you knew damn well. You'd better give him a dollar or the car wouldn't be there.
And when you got back, they still would break in, but they wouldn't do as bad of a job.
If you didn't give him anything, the car would be trashed.
Well, anyway, as I said, that's great there. You turn me on to the panthers.
And my kid loves it. And you know, we go down there.
The only thing is, as I said, is the parking and the traffic getting home on 95 to plantation in the evening.
Because they closed them northbound lanes.
Yeah, but for another four bucks, if you want to valet parkman, 12 bucks you get out of there.
If you could, if I could tell you how fast we get out of there, it's frightening.
Well, another four bucks.
Maybe next time I'll save us some money.
Just try it one time.
How about Tampa Bay?
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
You're surprised, aren't you?
I really am. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Because you sound like, how old are you?
I'm, I'll be 48, April.
See, here's the guys almost as old as I am in this audience.
He's going to wait until he gets some young guy in here.
Sounds pretty exciting.
And he's going to give it to him.
I'm giving it away to another old fart.
Hang on, pal. Hang on.
I hope you enjoy it.
Thank you, pal.
I hope we win, too.
Yeah, I hope so.
Okay. And watch out for that pupa.
Guys on six.
Take care of him. He's a good guy there.
Let's give it to him.
Okay. Makes me look better.
Since your last announcement, we now have only five seats left on the first flight.
Says Bob Lincoln on our Vegas deal.
And watch these lines go out, too, by the way.
They're going to hang up fast now that we gave away our thing.
By the way, thanks to Jeff Moss for being so nice to us for finally caring.
I mean, after all, we've only given him $50 million in free publicity for the Panthers.
And now they turn around and do one nice thing for us.
Thanks, Jeff. It's about time.
And by the way, get ready your brother, please.
Also want to give you the upgrade prices for the Imperial Palace.
Okay. Oh, you stayed in a suite with a love tub last year?
George. Yes, I did.
Well, how did what was that?
What was that all about?
I didn't know about that.
You and your wife stayed in the love tub?
Used it to.
I'll bet you did.
But that was before she had the tongue. She don't need you anymore.
Just the tub and the tongue.
$520 per person if you want the love tub.
Now, is there more than one suite like that that's got the love tub?
And the love and bring your own little love vote.
And then a one bedroom king suite, $555 per person.
Plus, Mr. Fat has the nerve to charge $600.
Now, see, Mr. Fat.
That's Mr. Fat is Fat Rich.
So Bob Lincoln, if you're going to try to be one of the crowd and know whose name is to start throwing around here,
don't go pick it on Fat Rich, okay?
Because he's doing your computer, I believe.
And he's also getting the freebie.
So leave him alone.
If you want to attack him for his behavior at the track,
that's the only thing to attack him for.
Other than that, he's okay, sometimes.
But anyway, one bedroom king suite, $550 per person.
Fat Hank charges $600 for the other out of the way.
Oh, no, that's right.
Look at that.
You can get a suite for less than he's charging just for like your ordinary regular room at that Hilton over there,
which is way the hell out of the way.
So we can tell you how many connections he's got.
He can tell you what a big hot shot he is.
But the bottom line is we still got the best trip to Vegas.
And quite frankly, the first plane is just about full anyway.
We only got five seats left on that first thing.
You're better call right now, baby.
If you want to go on at 6.30 p.m. flight, June 15th,
leaving on a Thursday evening, three glorious nights and days,
plunging our brains, having a great time in Vegas at the Imperial Palace Hotel.
Call Bob Lincoln right now before it's too late.
Then of course, there will be a second flight, another 160 seats.
I have no idea how many of those are left, but probably quite a few.
Because most people want to go on the early one.
947-605-0 is the date number 947-605-0.
And toll free from anywhere 1-800-233-7264.
A lot of superstars will be along on a trip this time.
Phil, the bug band's going to be gone.
Ellen and Genie are going to be going.
How do you like that?
The two of them are going to be going.
Tonya is sharing all those stories about their two young boyfriends they met there last year.
Those ladies have got more stories about their boyfriends.
About their 25, their 20, their 15 year old boyfriends that they met out on a trip last year.
That they're doing something with in their mind anyway.
So, and who else do we know is going?
That's somebody famous.
Oh, and you'll never believe this.
Would it be embarrassing if somebody found out that Jeff Rimmerin is wife-fieril?
Went on that trip, they're not going.
See, I just made sure of that.
No, we'd love to have them along, but it would be kind of embarrassing for Hank.
But boy, it sure would piss off Zagaki, wouldn't it?
The only radio station that kicks Rush Limbaugh's ass.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 W I O D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Skip the fish, eat the meat.
Good afternoon at 12 o'clock on Jennifer Rem.
610 W I O D news.
