This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Like I said, I'm calling people.
He likes to frame the calling people.
That'll give a sh** anymore.
On the suburban, driving through Brentwood at night
with a glove in his bag.
His evidence bag waits at the Bronco.
Opens the window to leave up and drops on the floor.
A sergeant on the door, all the sir Mark Ferman,
Where did that blood come from?
All the sir Mark Ferman, he dropped the bloody glove.
Simpson and Kato, back from a burger in fries and rest to Rodney Hill.
A noise in the rear of James Napping,
Dropping his socks near the bend, but there's so many things.
Planting some hair, he'll say Mark Ferman, come what's in the blood come from?
Unbelabeled.
Incrablet.
Tenoid W.M.D., other sad day in America.
And it's Yom Kipper, which I think is very appropriate.
I wonder what Louis Firocone thinks about that.
Last 24 hours, you know, there are some people out there,
I guess they're getting their eyes open now.
I don't know what kind of a cocoon they've been living in for the last many, many years.
But this is nothing new.
This has been going on, the kind of division and hate and separate,
but equal kind of mentality that goes on in this country.
And it's really pathetic.
And the fact that here we got a guy that killed two people, young people in the prime of their lives.
And you know, she may not have been the greatest, you know, she slept around big dealer in Hollywood.
She slept around, it's at typical, and drugs and all that business.
But generally speaking, by Hollywood standards, they were fairly decent young people in the prime of their lives and they're dead.
And nobody except the families and a handful of people, nobody cares about that.
And I've been telling you that for years now, nobody cares about human life in America anymore.
All they care about is another excuse to become emotional, psychotic, hysterical,
whether it's about Fidel, whether it's about OJ, whether no matter what it is,
just give me my little ethnic thing to play with this week and I'll go nuts.
I'll go ape shot.
I thought Phil was exaggerating yesterday when he was talking about the scene in this building.
Because I'm here closer in this room and I can't see what's going on out in the hallway.
But as we were doing our countdown and approaching the one o'clock and the family at about 105 or 110 got the verdict read,
obviously everybody's out in the hallway.
They're watching the TV's, they're listening to the monitors and they're waiting to hear the verdict read.
And Phil comes on and describes it.
I mean, he's out there with him and at the time the knock guilty was read all, well, I don't know all.
But according to him, all of the black employees here at WIOD and how 105 in a coast in this building,
all three stations are in this building,
we're screaming and shouting and shearing like they had just wanted God damn Super Bowl.
And the white people were walking around with their heads down, damn it and crap, etc.
And I thought maybe Phil was exaggerating a wee bit.
Then I went home like most of you and I watched all these news reports.
I saw the students at Howard University.
I saw scene after scene after scene.
I saw groups of black people celebrating like their team had just won the Super Bowl,
the World Series and a God damn Stanley Cup on a, they don't have a Stanley Cup on the same day.
The only black woman that I saw who was not happy with the verdict was the woman up there at the shelter for the abused battered women in Fort Lauderdale.
Did you see those women? Those women were in tears.
And all this crap, you know, Geraldo, I give Geraldo credit for at least having the balls to tell it like it is.
And he was on there for four hours on CNBC last night exploiting, you know, as he has been for months now.
The only problem is Geraldo's got no credibility because he's close friends with the Brown family and wouldn't you know on the night that the verdict is read,
the Brown family just coincidentally go to this clandestine location where they have a satellite uplink and they make an exclusive appearance on a God damn Geraldo show.
So even though I agree with most of what Geraldo was saying and did say last night that OJ got away with murder,
the fact is he's got no credibility.
And the idea that because Denise Brown who ain't much to talk about in the first place that she's running around a country now at this late date after her sister is dead,
championing the cause of better than abused women. It don't hold much water with me and I don't believe it.
I don't believe that anybody's consciousness has been raised or that any of these cliches mean a God damn thing.
Because the fact is Bobby Cox beat up his wife, Warren Moon beat up his wife, Irving Spikes beat up his wife,
those two jocks at the University of Nebraska beat up their girlfriend. Nobody cares about that.
Nobody cares. Any more than an America where life of humans is as light as cheap as life of cockroaches.
Too many people care about the fact that these two young people were butchered slaughtered and Eiffli Bailey and I can understand why I should
appear on everyone to speak to him again. He's the lowest of them all.
Eiffli Bailey is the lowest of them all on a one handy comes on yesterday and says, oh, we weren't here to see justice.
We were here to get in the quiddle for our client, which is true.
But to say that right on the heels of getting the verdict rate is like rubbing the noses of the victim's families rubbing their nose in it.
And then coming on this morning on court TV, I guess it was taped yesterday coming on and saying, cooking up this crazy story.
And I do mean crazy and sane story about how it was a drug retaliation and Fey Rethnic wasn't paying the drug dealers and they were there to it was a hit a professional hit and Fey Rethnic was the intended victim.
And I know that if I wanted to kill Fey Rethnic, I'd go to Nicole Simpson Brown's condo and just kill any woman that happened to walk outside.
That's how professional hitman operate plus they leave gloves behind.
This the lawyers man, I'm telling you, that's what we ought to be talking about is lawyers and this whole masquerade in charade.
But what we're talking about is racism because that's all anybody cares about in this country.
Give me an excuse to hate somebody else.
That's what we do best in America.
Give me an excuse to hate somebody else and I'll hate him with all my goddamn might.
I'm surprised by the way they put God damn on Channel 4 last night there.
And you see that clip on the 6 o'clock news when I'm saying it's goddamn a verdict time.
And baby it's one o'clock and they put that on Channel 4.
All right. So I guess that wasn't family sensitive.
610, W-I-O-D, radio freeze south Florida.
Hello, I'm a black female American and I'm calling due to the fact that I'm listening to 610 AM currently.
And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare because there are more white people on welfare.
And America then blacks. There is more white trash out there.
They're not trying to get jobs. They just want to lay around and have babies from black people.
And I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sick and tired of it.
And I will call my lawyers.
All right. You do that, honey. How's Johnny doing? Well, Johnny's got nothing to do right now.
Anyway, maybe Johnny can do it for you.
So anyway, now Shapiro says he will never speak to Efflee Bailey again.
And he will never try a case with Johnny Cockpit again because they not only played the race card, but they dealt from the bottom of the deck.
And yet he still managed somehow to show up at OJs and see Paul the Champagne and party like an animal there last night as he's been doing all along.
And I'm sure he won't say, hey, forget about the bill because my conscience will not be clear if I take a dime in this case.
Forget about the bill, right? Right.
Yeah, we saw yesterday what it's all about, baby.
You know, when I was working, this is 30, let's say 30 years ago, Albee and Michigan.
And I broadcast high school basketball games.
We had a guy the owner of the station in fact who fancied himself a sportscaster, which he was and he was kind of a Bozo anyway.
But anyway, he broadcast the Albion games and I broadcast a little town next to Albion was Marshall, Michigan.
I broadcast at high schools games and one night Albion and Marshall are playing each other at Albion High.
Well, Marshall was like white bread. There was all like white people in Marshall.
But Albion was a town. It was like, you know, maybe 70% white and 30% black.
And you go in and we're sitting up there in a broadcast booth and I'm looking across at the bleachers on the other side of the gym because there were only bleachers on one side.
It was kind of a small gymnasium.
And it was as if and there's no segregation.
Okay, this is 1966.
And certainly no segregation in Michigan at that point, at least not imposed.
And I look across at the kids sitting on the other side and it was like somebody had drawn a line down the middle in the bleachers.
All the black kids, all of them, every one of them who were there at the game were sitting on one side together.
And on the other side, all the kids were white.
I mean, there was no barrier there. The bleachers just like an any gym just go straight across.
But it was this if somebody would have put a sign up there saying black section, white section like the old segregated days, black drinking fountain, white man's a restroom, whatever it was.
You know that old expression birds of a feather stick together.
And it's very, very sad because if you think that the acquittal in the OJ Simpson trial is going to change anything.
If you think that sacrificing the lives of two white people to get even with Rodney King, the last time I checked is still alive and a slime ball at that, by the way.
See, I wouldn't want Rodney King to be the I wouldn't want him to be my champion as far as justice is concerned.
Maybe those civil rights workers in Mississippi, by the way, weren't a couple of them Jewish somebody out of remind Louis Farrakhan about that too.
About the civil rights workers that got butchered by the red necks in Mississippi.
See, I hate to break the news to the black people in America or at least in this listening audience. Blacks are the only ones who get discriminated against.
Okay, that may come as a shock to you. You know that gutter religion. The Jews today as you I'm kipper by the way, I just thought I mentioned it.
Oi! Yeah, well we Jews have a long history much longer than blacks in America because blacks have only been here since they were brought in crates and slaves 300 years ago, 400 years ago.
But Jews have been put upon by the Arabs and all the other people who decided to hate them for one reason or another for thousands of years.
And yet somehow, some way they managed to survive. They managed to get an education.
They managed, and again I'm generalizing of course there are some dumb Jews, there are bad Jews, there are old obnoxious Jews here in Zaflota.
But generally speaking the Jewish people as a whole have managed to survive very well. Thank you.
In this Neanderthal country, then of course we got the facts. So you see I got two strikes against me already. I'm a Jew. Fag. So I got big problems.
And at this point we still go on with all these right wing with these good Christians telling us how we're sinners and how we're evil and using us as political battering rams because you've always got to have a scapegoat.
That's what Hitler found out. The more scapegoats you got the better the people like it. You got to blame somebody.
So let's blame the Fag. It's for the moral decay in America, right? That's what the problem is. Even though they're all over the rest of the goddamn world and nobody seems to be having too much of a problem about or paying any attention to it.
But in America it's the goddamn Fag. It's just as Pat Buchanan or Bob Dornin or any of the other goddamn or you know these good Christians just as Pat Robertson what the problem with America is today. It's the Fag. It's.
And yet you know something we manage to be everywhere in sports, in the arts, in entertainment, in show business, doctors, lawyers, their fags everywhere. A lot of them making a lot of money.
And as a person who's like I said, God, if I were just your, you know, average white bread guy who's like your Christian white Anglo-Saxon, non-descript, maybe I wouldn't have anything to say.
I know all about prejudice. I know all about discrimination and what I'm tired of hearing is crying. I'm tired of stupidity. I'm tired of people operating their entire lives based on emotion instead of reason and sense.
And that display that we saw yesterday, this cheering, it was just like the stuff that was going on back a year ago, year and a half ago, the day that the OJ decided to flee.
Here's the Bronco going up and down the freeway and wasn't it really convenient talk about completing the circus for the media that they go up the freeway nice and slow in the white van.
I'm surprised didn't have the Bronco, it just wasn't big enough for all the people in it for the celebration party.
But all those people run out in the freeway last year go OJ go OJ. What?
What does that mean? What does that mean?
He couldn't have killed anybody. I mean we all case so we beat her up a few times. I mean all jokes beat up their wives and their women right?
That's okay. Never stole a freight train. We don't know what those stumps were on a wall out there. We don't have any idea who was running across the goddamn lawn.
We can't even imagine that if he had a goddamn eyedrop around him at all times, the Mark Firmann could have picked up Ron Goldman's blood put it in the Bronco.
I mean there were people just running around placing blood and shmurren blood all over the goddamn place if he believed Johnny Cochrane.
No way.
But like I told you in the beginning and I told you again yesterday before the verdict came down there was never any chance.
There was no possibility that this jury would come in with a conviction.
And Johnny Cochrane told his friends way back in the beginning during jury selection if I can get one black on that jury will have a hung trial and they'll never get a conviction.
He got a bonus. He got nine.
But oh, it's not a racial thing. Just look at all your news yesterday. It's not a racial thing. Just look at the scene we had in this building yesterday.
So the fact that it's just it's impossible to believe that this man didn't murder these two people. It's virtually impossible to believe that.
Forget about that.
Because now chalk up one for us.
1026 at W.I.O.D.
They were interviewing some of the dolphin players yesterday on one of the channels on the sports cast.
The interview two or three of the black players and they said, though, this is great. This is justice. There was a lot of doubt.
Yadi, yadi. And all of the white players refused to be interviewed.
In a sports cast, I forget who it was. It might have been Steve Shapiro said the white players thought that the verdict was incorrect.
We're unhappy with the verdict.
Now, let me say this to you. Okay. White people were unhappy with the verdict in the Rodney King case because we had the videotapes there and saw eight million times and knew that justice was not done.
White people were disgusted and nauseated here in Miami with the verdict in Tampa when they moved the trial over there when Arthur McDuffie was butchered and murdered by the cops.
And the thanks that we got is the white people who happened to be driving in the wrong place at the wrong time during the riots that ensued after the verdict was announced.
They got dragged out of their cars and had their brains gouged out with bottles. A whole bunch of them.
So you see it doesn't really make any difference and let me say it again when all of these different people, all of the notorious people, I've been mentioning for weeks now.
John Wayne Gacy and David Berkowitz and Ted Bundy and Richard Speck and on and on and Charles Manson.
Nobody got up and said, oh, there being a discriminate against because they're white or because they're Jewish or because they're gay or because they're whatever.
now we'll say this when Alvarez was on trial and of course that's another
thing because in this town hispanics are just as guilty as anybody else they're
already are always screaming a song of the dance we're being discriminated
against because we're Hispanic right you see if you're gonna do the crime you
ought to do the time there's one Johnny it's called taking responsibility for
your own actions which that doesn't happen in America anymore nobody's
responsible for their own actions and so it's a game and when they say that
lawyers have destroyed America that everybody's suing everybody else man that's
the goddamn truth that's the truth but that's only that's only a symptom of
the illness and if you think that by coming on some stupid radio talk show
that I'm gonna wear Joe Rose or anybody else is gonna come on here we're gonna
change any of this you're living in La La land baby it's just like the
Arabs and the Jews they can sign all the goddamn peace treaties they want from
now until gold of my ear makes a comeback with David Ben Gurion on her shoulder
until that happens it's still like gonna make a difference because there are
elements there that are so so filled with hatred I mean if it's lasted five
thousand years there's nothing to make me assume it's gonna go away tomorrow
we got this gigantic chip problem in America it's a big chip on it or call
collective shoulders and there's a frightening percentage of black
Americans out there and I'm the sick and tired of this African American and
all these different you can keep calling yourselves anything you want you can
let the media keep changing labels on you but I'm gonna tell you something baby
that doesn't set you free that doesn't give you a goddamn thing and you can read
all about Alex Haley see my ancestors they came from a Poland and they came from
Russia and I couldn't give a crap about any of that I don't care about Polish
history I don't care about Russian history I don't care about Jewish history I
don't care about any of it all I know is I'm here now I got a brain and I'm gonna
do the best I can and I don't need to know any goddamn thing about my ancestors
they have self-respect or desire to live like a human being I don't need any of
that crap and I don't have to name myself yet shock or Bruce in order to feel
that I'm making some kind of a goddamn statement so I can separate myself from
everybody else and drive that wedge even deeper and that's what happened in
America yesterday even Ronald Reagan and George Bush couldn't set race
relations back any further and any deeper or any worse than happened yesterday
so all you people who rejoiced and were cheering and carrying on like you just
your team had just won the Super Bowl what in God's name are you thinking about
what did you accomplish
O.J. Simpson got off is he gonna come to your house and hand you a check for
million dollars is he gonna improve your life and this guy that called Rick
before that can't understand when we're saying that O.J. Simpson isn't your
typical black man in America is that difficult to understand he's not your
typical human being in America because he's a multi-millionaire he's a famous
goddamn celebrity admired and loved by all but he's been turned into a symbol
see if you want to respect somebody respect Julian Bond or Barbara Jordan or
somebody's got a brain somebody who's really accomplished something in their
lives besides being a goddamn jock besides carrying a stupid goddamn
football somebody who's a credit to the goddamn society somebody who doesn't
beat up their wives that's who you ought to respect don't respect Lewis
Farrakhan who's a goddamn demagogue who's no different from eight-off Hitler
who's if given the opportunity if he were in power he'd be doing the same
goddamn thing the ovens would be burning right now and I'd be in one of them
and so would a lot of you a Nazi of the worst kind and that's the man you
respect that's the man who's invited to speak on college campuses in America
Lewis Farrakhan he's Hitler with a slightly darker
complexion and no mustache I realize it's not easy to find people you can admire
or leaders sure I said this yesterday who the hell can white people admire what
kind of leaders if we got Bob Packwood
Baba Ross Peroa the big ears who the hell are we got
but just because you're desperate and downtrodden and struggling like crazy to
make a go of life don't start looking for the demagogues because that's what
they did in Nazi Germany so when Johnny Cochrane opens up a big mouth about the
Nazis in the Audi Audi yeah okay so Mark Furman is a symptom of the illness of
hate that we got in this country okay and we got a lot of them like that a lot of
cops just like him and worse that's nothing new
jury nullification never heard that expression before in my life I'm 52
years old I never ever heard that expression in my life and that's exactly what
they did and that's why Bob Shapiro got up and walked out before the end of
one a Johnny a Cochrane's closing arguments that one day because it
nauseated him even as much of a grave robber as he is because let's face it he's
taken the money all the way to the bank like he said yesterday he wasn't just
playing the race card he was dealing from the bottom of the deck he's saying you
got a statement to make here I wish we had that segment of his closing argument to
play again when he went through that sermon on a month in other words what he's
saying is forget about what you just saw here the last eight months forget about
the evidence forget about the god damn blood evidence forget about the fact
this man lied through his teeth has gotten a lot about forget about the Bronco
chase which I know you all heard about
here's a brother we've been oppressed and here's a god damn brother even
always turn his back on most of you folks even though he's married it was
married to a white woman then decided to murder and even though he like has
this uh... taste for white chicks blinds
well use him as a symbol and here's your chance to say the just some just a
system sucks we've been getting the short end of the stick for two god damn long
now we're gonna strike back now we're even we change we exchanged two white
lives for this uh... super hero and he said yeah that sounds like a good idea
and so we had jury nullification
which means what they did was waste everybody's time ten million dollars of the
taxpayer money in California by the way ten million dollars
people are starving in the god damn streets of america and right there ten
million dollars they might as well have flushed it down the toilet for all the
entertain a lot of people
give a lot of you people with no lives the hell of a lot of entertainment
gave you an excuse to get out of the second morning so you can turn on a TV
and ultimately drove a wedge right down to the heart of this god damn country
it'll be another fifty to a hundred years before we even start taking one or two
steps back
i'm nauseated i'm revolted i'm disgusted
sitting there and watching that crap on TV and watching people jumping up and
down and cheering for a god damn murderer what the hell is that all about
how many white people were jumping up and down and cheering when the god damn
cops got exonerated in the Rodney King case how many white people were jumping
into cheering jump up and down when the god damn cops got exonerated in the
killing of Arthur McDuffey
but we're bad guys see we're all racist we're all evil we're all honkeys don't
ever forget that
so separate but equal okay
is that what it is is that the name of the game separate but equal
we'll take west of the Mississippi you can have east of the Mississippi how's that
and we'll divvy up all the money
the opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on w i o d you're not
necessarily those of the station or its sponsors all w i o d programs are
copyright 1995 by w i o d incorporated
no tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior
written consent of w i o d incorporated kill the cold 20 to 11 w i d i could go on
for the whole four hour I could go on for a hundred hours now I could just get a
sit here but I'm not going to do it I just want to say one more thing and I've
always told you this and this is the way I live my life I deal with people as
individuals I don't care if they're white if they're black if they're straight if
they're gay if they're Chinese if they're Japanese I don't give a if they're
Jewish if they're Christian if they're atheists it doesn't have anything to do
with anything people are people that's about the only thing my mother ever
told me in my life that made any sense at all and that's over a long period of
time you know sooner or later you come up with something that makes sense people
are people there's good white people there's trash white people there's good
black people there's garbage black people there's good gay people there's garbage
whatever group you want man you'll find good and bad you'll find the stereotypes
you'll find anything you want anything you're looking for so don't give me this
crap about being a racist but I am going to say this you know after what I saw
yesterday including the display in this building today I'm not feeling real
real real good about black people and I know I shouldn't feel that way because
there are even in the polls consistently have been about a quarter of the blacks
that have been pulled who said hey he's guilty as Hellman fries ass
of course there's also been a segment of those people who have never liked
OJ in the first place because he married a white chick so as you keep
examining this look under the surface we got some problems there but today I'm
real unhappy and tomorrow probably feel a little bit less psychotic about it and
start looking more rationally at the whole thing but after watching this play that
I saw yesterday in a cheering and the carrying on I for what for a guy if
nothing else who is a wife beater both wives by the way the first one to say
she had to change her heart just like Bobby Cox's wife because it's not good for
business Chris Darden said it best when he you know went through that thing in a
closing arguments about you know you see you see the public face we put on here
in court every day you don't know us you don't know what we're like in our homes
you don't know what we're like in private you don't know for beating our kids or
our wives or our dog or anything else you have no idea you think you know you
don't know crap that's what he said and he's exactly right here's my
amy hello hey Neil yes sir I got three things to say all right first I have to thank
you I have done the doctor atkins for four weeks now yep down 23 pounds
great and also you know how you're company whatever you want to call the VIAD
doesn't promote you yeah again a free advertisement for free because on a seven
second avenue at thirty six feet they they're started stripping down an old billboard
and guess what ad is like under three layers all right w and it says six ten
new it doesn't say the yes it says new that's only seven years old yeah probably we don't
want to overdo it also a all these black people okay whatever they want to say the case
is true but aren't all women sisters how come the black women aren't saying
a sister died and a sister was beaten they never looked at that but no OJ is free OJ
is a brother for what happens to a white lady who is actually a sister they don't say
anything that's the thing that I don't understand yeah and it just gets so I mean
if you know don't stop right don't stop complicating this by bringing the victims
in see nobody cares about victims not just in this crime in any crime okay he didn't
kill who killed the OJ sense is not going to hire detective now to go find out oh yeah
he's going to spend the big bucks now that's what he said that that's the good PR
thing that a sun bread there yesterday the tears were just rolling down my cheeks
he's not going to do shot and everybody knows it yeah all he wants to do is forget it
because of the money because all he's got to do is look into mirror and you'll see the
killer yeah and OJ is a coward I bet you when he's on his death bed and he calls in a
priest and he's going to admit that he killed her and that he beat her worse than what
they do well Rosie Greer knows the answer right now guarantee you that Bell exactly
great day keep up the good work take it easy Neil open line and day seven five one we got one on a
green line out there that's pretty amazing one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three
here's Miami hello incredible Neil that's all I can say I'm here how to big agenda
to give to you and you just you wiped it all out I'm just I'm perplexed by all the
stuff you said so true and I'm just an overwhelmed you know if you want to keep
yourself locked in some kind of a racial or ethnic closet if you want to like
categorize yourself all your life if that's all you want to be is a professional
ethnic then that's all you're ever going to be you have to sooner or later your
mind has to transcend that you have to go beyond that I mean you're just being
angry all your life isn't going to change anything you want to roll but you could
have definitely done your four out I listen I could go on for the rest of the day
because I know what I'm saying makes sense I've been around a long time man and
I'm sick and tired of people whining and crying on my guide damn shoulder at
the same time some of their own people are destroying the neighborhoods that I
live in and destroying the neighborhood that they have to live in a lot of
these people can't even walk outside at night for crying out loud they live in
areas in this city right here forget about Los Angeles they live in parts of
this city right here they can't walk the streets because of the drug
peddling and the cramp and the criminals and the thugs that are taken over
their goddamn communities and they're sitting there talking about OJ Simpson
is if that's going to change their lives you know what I'm one of these people
gonna wake up and stiff the goddamn flowers they're gonna be sitting down there
to be running down and marching on city hall right now saying you better get your
cops in here and give us some goddamn protection to get these goons off the
streets I bet I make it safe to live who the hell would want to live like that
the other countries are just they're looking at us and just they think we're
crazier than hell man I tell you that from personal experience they think we're
crazier and hell and they may want to wear the jeans and all the other
designer clothing and listen to the music but that's as much of America as they
want maybe a little taste of McDonald's and that's it and this is totally
screwed up and last time I heard this you know the name of the country I think a
new name should be a half-pull the divided states of America because there is
nothing united in this place okay pal I could have a great day but yep like
I said sit there 30 years ago look across it those bleachers all the black
kids on one side all the white kids on the other side nobody ever told them to
do that there was no sign there was no I mean this is this was in the mid-60s
same one I want to high school Albee and Michigan they divided by themselves
willingly and freely and evidently we're having a good time
but if somebody would have stood there and said hey all you black kids you got to
sit over here in this side as if it would have made a difference so like I said
don't put the back blacks on the back of the bus because that's wrong obviously
and I agree with that that's wrong don't put anybody on the back of the bus
unless they're last in line but put black people on one side of the bus and all the
white people will sit on the other side is that is everybody going to be happy
then is that what we want our vision of America and they talk about I have to
laugh this thing about Miami being a world-class city there are no world-class
cities in America there are no world-class cities here it there's no such
thing
even when I go up to Toronto which quite frankly how far is Toronto from Buffalo
150 miles 100 miles it's like going to Europe and there are blacks and there's
Oriental and there's all different kinds of people and there's lots of gay people
up there and there's lots of all kind every kind of person you can imagine
and they're walking around in the streets and nobody gives a crap nobody gives
a fly and crap and you're supposed to be real uptight a
but not in America man everybody's busy judging everybody else everybody's got
a goddamn attitude they got a chip under shoulder everybody's wine and cry
and there be an oppressed there be put upon
but human life man forget about that because that's not worth anything here
it's worth something in most of the civilized places in the world but not in the
goddamn USA that's what people ought to be talking about not whether
was that played their goddamn race card not whether black people think they
want a Super Bowl yesterday not whether now we're even for Rodney King and
Arthur McDuffie or whatever the hell we're pissed off about we ought to be talking
about the value of human life
and stop this goddamn charade we're putting on like a goddamn justice system
there's no justice there's just a bunch of greedy bastard lawyers and
and assholes like Eiffel-Ebey was nothing but a goddamn ecotistical pop is fat
ass that's all he is we didn't come here for justice we came here to get
an acquittal for our client nice job guys congratulations
yes?
Lance Edo made a very bad decision way back in the beginning during jury selection
which I think doomed this case aside from the Gilgar City decision to go downtown
you know because he felt it was better security than out in Brentwood
Edo let the lawyers interview the jurors one-on-one and by doing that you know
Cochran was made sure that the jurors are predisposed to his rhetoric
you bet and you know and maybe he put them in a slumber you know the whole 15
months had walked them up during his closing argument yeah I mean that's what
seems to happen you know the first Jerry nullification you ever hear that to be
for I well I've heard of it recently but I'd never heard of it before this trial
you know the first vote was 10 to 2 I don't know if you're aware of that
no when they took the first to have a really interested to speak to the seat of
those two jurors what made them change their mind towards the end there and
and make it a 12 to 0 vote the one saving grace that we have you know there is
and it's not much but you know there is a civil suit pending you know
yeah the golden family and the you know in the criminal case they had approved
beyond the reasonable debt right in the in the civil suit you only have to prove a
proponderance of evidence right so I think and you know he if he takes the stand he
cannot take the fifth amendment and he must right he has to testify right in a
civil society you know Shapiro last night you know they discussed the salaries you
know that these guys that these guys got during the trial and Shapiro was the first
one hired by O.J. and his agreement was a hundred thousand a month for whatever
was 16 months I guess it is Shapiro hired Cochrane his salary is only $500,000
for this trial Eftley Belly and I have a very interesting story about Eftley
Belly as a I'm in fact a woman that you and I both know he's really he is a
closet racist I mean he hasn't come out and said it but given a few drinks under his
belt and his true feelings really come out Eftley Belly only got paid expenses for
this trial and I know that yeah and Barry Shek I think a 50 50 50 grand I think was
the you know his salary for you know and he seems to have done the most work so it was
just a travesty yesterday and you know everyone's depressed but you know life
got to go on and you know there's nothing much we can do at this point yeah
well Shapiro is very indignant today but I guess the 1.6 million will make up for a lot of it
I tell you said he was at that party did he leave before sundown last night that
good question I think he was eaten trough to there okay Rich see you Friday
fat rich mr. Pompa no park there with what time is his show starting from the
time they come to bodies to the words O.J. has been dying to hear the best radio news team
in South Florida brought you the trial of the century
we've been doing both in time last time find a defendant or or in
fall James Simpson not guilty of the time of murder
the best news news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D
oh you seem a little richer to I'm sorry 1055 at W I O D
he's what self hating oh yeah it was rock and roll and drugs it led him to it
oh so anyway I have some really interesting couple of facts is here which I
wouldn't even waste your time with one saying that I'm really clueless and it's
obvious it was a drug hit in police this and that in the idea right so let me
ask you again who was it that was running into the house who turned on the
lights was he sleeping was he playing golf ball was he chipping golf balls
was he chipping Ron Goldman's balls what was he doing during that period of
time and what were those stumps on the wall these are very simple questions I
realized they don't have to prove his innocence but it's something that you
know if a guy if you don't have an alibi you gonna lie you know I'm saying
here's another rhyme here's another cliche if you do a quit your full of
stuff so here's hollywood hello a couple questions yes okay you're gonna be
apple plucker when you see this juror have her news conference trying to
explain why they did what they did oh no I'm not gonna be apple plucked if you
want to know why because I know that they're gonna lie through their teeth
anyway and I mean there's not one of those people's gonna come on and say well
yeah we made up our minds ahead of time or Johnny told us to play the race
card so we decided that's a good idea let's say well they're not gonna they're
gonna tell you whatever they figure is you know palatable for public
consumption will help them sell a book yeah cuz they say there's holes in the
prosecution how can you argue with hard DNA evidence I don't care if it
ran on it that's right you can't you can't make a false positive period and
especially all of the false positives and how did Ron Goldman's blood get in
the Bronco I mean I it's like the keystone cops you can just see all these people
running around with little eyedroppers and of course very carefully marked oh
here's O.J.'s blood that we got out of that vial here's Ron Goldman's blood
that we picked up at the crime scene where they got all these little eyedroppers
and these little bottles drop in blood and smearing it all over the place it's
it's comical where were they gonna get hit O.J.'s blood from oh they they took O.J.
they when he went in when he came back from Chicago they took his blood you've
been found with real close pal we have an open line of Broward 5249463 let's
do a Fort Lauderdale hello hello Neil yes sir I got to call of course a couple
things that I want to make my little statement here when I first heard of this
thing the whole thing yeah you know I thought there's no way he would have
killed his wife and then and then this is the fact I mean you don't want it to
happen and as the facts come out and you learn the facts you have to take them for
what they're worth and something Cochrane said yesterday and one of the things I
don't think it was brought up is that he said that sometimes in a case like this
you have to look past the facts and I was appalled at that yeah sitting there
and spewing well that was his message to the jury in a news conference though he said
you have to look past the facts yeah why what what what's the sense of a lot of
because that's what he was getting paid big bucks for was to get his man off it's
a game it's so frustrated you saw him I was insulted when I listen to him give
his closing arguments that if someone was standing in front of me and talking
like that to me I would be totally disgraced at hearing it he was talking
down to the he is a disgrace pretty much he was talking down to the people and
it just you could you could tell the mentality which keep keep one thing in mind
Johnny Cochrane beat his ex wife okay yeah Johnny Cochrane's got real problems of his own
you could tell the credibility is he got yeah you could tell the mentality the jury
by the way he was addressing them and I mean I had I had when people that asked me
all along do you think he's gonna guilty we are guilty but you think we got off I
said yes but I was hoping that that somehow there would be justice never was
never a chance of a conviction with this jury there was never an Iota of a
chance ever no matter what the testimony was and it's a sad side state of the
of the country saying I mean here's that whole time frame you can't account for
woman and where he was they bring in the goddamn Allen Parks testimony again the
limo driver see if I heard that testimony again I'd say hey there this is open
and shut I mean the Bronco wasn't there this man's got no alibi he's lied about
it and you know he had all the opportunity he had the motive we got the blood we
got enough evidence to put this man away for 10 lifetimes but in the meantime
instead of coming to that conclusion instead of asking the question that should
be asked they're just listening to all this emotional religious rhetoric it's just
god and Moses and Jesus and Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr. you name it man he
had him in there when they brought that out for the when they when they let I mean
that's what I'd anticipate it was that that's why they were doing it because it's
just I think a question for you have you ever been a fist fight you ever what
no or seen a fist fight yeah how long do they last couple of minutes maybe I
mean a good one a couple minutes yeah good hockey fight I mean you see guy two
guys way to the other for 10 maybe a minute yeah so now you figure one guy
who's who's much much bigger than than Goldman was and he's got a knife yeah it's
going to take 15 minutes last thing just to earn two more things prejudice and the
people who are prejudice shame on them they're missing out on meeting half the
people in the world or the prejudice against you know that's just it you're not
an asshole until you prove you're an asshole I don't care what color you are okay
bleed red blood and then maybe maybe a jury of Simpson's peers how about like
Bobby Cox Mark fix Patrick or Andre Ross bikes and Warren Moon okay we're
worked that up for next round news to keep you informed talk to make your laugh
your ass up Brian Lee W.I.O.D. by Emmy Ford Lauderdale news talk and
entertainment radio 610 W.I.O.D. does the juice get loose or does he meet
Bruce his new roommate for life who's on like a moose
well
senator who likes to move around we're pretty girls well you know I choose them
down
cuz it's just a game I grab the men of Pokemon and they're giving me a name
they call me the funder
yeah the funder
I feel around around around around around around
and assistant on my left my secretary on my right
oh my god
that's a cute little page that I'll be driving home tonight and when she asked me
the secret of my success I rip open a shirt and try to do it on my desk
cuz I'm the funder
yeah the funder
I go around around around around around around around
oh my god
I know no other town
I gotta watch but I don't care
and my tracks come a lot go out
just give me two sips of wine and I'm on my end you're on the well
when I'm the town for senator who likes to write it down
gotta see crit hiding place
well my diary won't be found
and when I get near jam if I find a willing girl
I'll hop right into the sack I will and give that girl a twirl
cuz I'm the funder
yeah the funder
I go around around around around around
yeah
hey what's that else?
oh
something
oh
oh
get your hand off me
oh
what a pervert
cuz I'm the funder
yeah the funder
I go around around around around around around around
he was set up man
loving 07 at WI do we know Republicans aren't horny
there's no way Bob Packley could done all that
we have an open line in Broward if you hop on a real fast
we're just sitting here and getting all your input listening to all your BS
5249463524 WIOD
and at the EF Lee Bailey man
he's a real good one to talk
how do you like that getting say he's one of the best lawyers
that money can buy some crap like that
right yeah he's a good actor man
I'll tell you one thing give him 20 years
here's Miami on the purple line hello
hey good morning Neil yes sir
I knew this country was divided somewhat
with race but I had no idea until after that verticass
yes today was a very refresher course
for all of america I had no idea how bad it was
I thought maybe some of those people they were interviewing where people
off the streets and stuff like that but when I saw like university in Miami law
students and stuff like that acting the way they were
I said these people these these are young people that somewhat have
some kind of brain on their shoulders doing what they're doing
and they're acting like that can you imagine being
a defendant or somewhat in the future with somebody like that
representing you know I can
absolutely not that's why the jury systems got to go it has to go
that's unbelievable and just on a lighter note
I would take all the money you have and bet on me to beat the experts in this week's
unsettinable football just bet it all
I hear nothing I see nothing I know nothing
okay you might have to do it from Boisepell hang on
hold on hang on yeah
they have all of last week's games
there you go okay
well even I can add let hang on put that guy register for that tragic trip
and get that over with okay okay it's a level 09 at W.I.O.D. let's go to
where we going to Miami hello
hello yes sir oh man did you hear what uh
what Jay did he released his first single soon as they announced him not guilty
yeah yeah because like this because it was a crime
of passion she took me by the heart when she took me by the hand
crime of passion first I killed a woman then I killed a
man yeah well that was a good start I thought we had like three and a half
answer people working on it pal in the song too
here's a e-ha junction hello oh my god
open line of dates oh oh 5 1 yes
hey Neil how you doing okay well I'll tell you I live up in Bill Glade
yeah um and e-ha junction right now I yeah I got up
yesterday morning thinking I felt pretty good about it
because I thought pretty good about one oh I just had a feeling that the jurors
were going to do the right thing and I don't know it's like I everything
that's happened in the last 24 hours has been like flip-flop because I
feel like the race relations have gone
backwards 20 years yeah at least and they should have gone forward 20 years
if those people had it done the right thing well what do you mean by that they should have
gone forward I don't see where race relations should have been involved in this
trial this wasn't a trial about race relations in america or about the justice
based on race it was a trial based on how much money have you got what kind of a
defense can you afford to buy with your black white or purple or Chinese
that's what it was all about it had nothing to do with race well that's true but
I was hoping that those people that were on the jury so yesterday we found out
that the reason that even even before all the stuff about the fermentapes
why these polls pretty consistently since way back early in the year
have been divided along racial lines about three quarters of the white
study did it and about three quarters of the black study did not do it and it's
been that way very consistently very little change all the way through
regardless of the evidence that's true well you know I just couldn't help but think that if they
if they did just because most of the people on that jury knew he's a murderer I mean I
got to be pretty stupid to think that there's any chance he didn't do it
but uh... you know that i it's just i was i was feeling really good i thought well these are
these are intelligent if not wonderfully intelligent people but at least they got
enough sense to know what's right and what's wrong all they had to do was just
kill the truth and just yeah but they didn't do it no and it's really they were
they were looking for beyond the shadow of a doubt as opposed to reasonable doubt and i
think uh... you know cockman talked them into that okay i mean anybody can find in
in any case there's almost never unless there are a whole bunch of witnesses and it's
ironclad and somebody's caught in the act of the crime other than that there's always certain
doubts that you can raise somewhere but reasonable doubt that's another story not shadow of a doubt
yes but that's the way that you did your system works in this country well let's get rid of it man
get it out of our game because it ain't working have a great day pal open line in the green line
one eight hundred nine four four by the way and a lighter note let's see we still got tickets for
the uh... gallery panther game on sunday opening games sunday night at the arena
also speaking okey big three-way trade which you probably didn't hear about because your
oj intensive when dole carcose from the uh... nor deep which is now the avalanche goes to uh... the
islanders steve thomas goes from the islanders to an urgency the devil's and uh... cloud lamia
goes to the avalanche got it okay six ten w i o d c sixty nine down killed the cold okay eleven
fifteen and w i o d and let's go to a colorage hello yes yes sir uh you know if you in a lot of
people got everything is so wrong about o j and the way black people feel about the situation
yeah i'll straighten us out well first of all black people is not so much that he's friswo
i don't think he's guilty and they talk about the reason black people are happy because he got
off of for doing something wrong first of all i don't think he killed him and i don't think black people
think that he's it the evidence doesn't show that so in other words if you show the same exact
to black people and white people you'll get a totally opposite reaction just based not because
he's black but just based on the fact that the interpret the evidence differently is that what
you're saying first what evidence we talk about is supposedly planet evidence which is the
blood spot who said that what this this evidence only i've got to say that they don't have any other
evidence there's no murder weapon no they don't have the hair fibers they don't have the fibers in
the obranco they don't have the fact that he lied about his alibi that he wasn't there at home
that he had the window of opportunity had the motive he beat the crap out of her that she kept
telling people that he was going to kill her all of this they just manufactured mark firm and made
all of it all right when the opportunity you look at it friswo you only had to pull the
fire six minutes you know to get to the house shave shower in 15 minutes 15 minutes he just
paired it down to fire six you're pulling a johnny conch run out is yeah 15 minutes well if he
had friswo if he had killed them it had bloody clothes on once he got to the broccoli there should
have been a whole lot more blood than that how do you know that unless he unless he took the the
shirt off whatever the hell of wool shit off and but wait a wait a whatever happened to that black
bag that he was carrying whatever i suppose is whatever happened to the black bag okay but
partly for black figure a figure of a man wearing dark clothing yeah enter in the house yeah
so apparently he still had on dark clothing so he's so how do we know how do we know he didn't have a
sweater on over the dark shirt we don't know what he was wearing well he had to do all that while
driving and then dispose of it somewhere yeah and then the black bag what did it's a black
card as you know it was in a black bag you won't see that no more but this is a lot of
circumstances who was that running across who was who was that no no we're not talking to
circumstances let's talk about an eyewitness okay the limo driver the bronco wasn't there so we
lied about that one minute he was sleeping and he was taking that the next minute they changed the
alibi he was out there chipping golf balls on the front lawn who was the man that walked across the
lawn and went into the house turn the lights on yeah when you like you said all this is
a statement no I'm asking you a question stop trying to slough it off who was the person that ran
in the house and turned on the lights for them to turn their words no man this would proxies
now wait no wait no wait so in other words he kept buzzing there's a guy was just trying to do his
job he wanted all he was white he wanted to pick up OJ and take him to the airport because that was
his job he was driving the limo he kept buzzing buzzing buzzing no answer nobody home okay the guy runs
across the lawn goes in the house the lights all go on in the house so we assume as well that maybe
OJ I better go cuz we're getting real late hey buses and within a moment or two after he
buzzes there's OJ on a phone where'd he come from all these things just leads to ask to the
confusion why don't you explain that to me why don't you explain how it is that all of a
sudden he answered the buzz after the guy walked into the house and the lights went on this is all
the more reason why he should have been found not guilty because all this confusion no no you
I'm not asking you confusion I'm asking you something specific I mean who was the person who was
the person that ran across that lawn into the house and turned on the lights after all OJ is
lawyer this thing you know are you hearing are you hearing or what are your ears not working I hear
what you say why don't you be funded what was that jumping what was that jumping at 1045 on a
wall outside oh outside of Kato's room what was it who was out there I have no idea but this
one saying all this leads to the confusion and so so it's why can you say it's a bunch of
confusion why don't you be honest with us okay why don't you say okay now we got one for our side
why don't you just be honest and stop bull crap and say one thing that he had it don't tell me
you show don't show you me tell 200 don't tell me that it showed 20 million people of the same
evidence and 10 million white people three quarters of them think that he's gilly and 10 million
black people three quarters and think that he's innocent and it's got nothing to do with race there's
a lot of white people also think he's innocent yeah I've seen a lot of white people yesterday saying
claiming that he was about 25 about 25% yeah but there's about 25% and there's about 25% of black people
thinking did it there was more reason what that didn't you bring that up why didn't you bring that up
but to see the thing is reason what down and there was more reason about the anything else
therefore we should have been found not good to with that thing is a just verdict yeah is that
is that why one of the jurors said that they thought he was guilty but that the prosecution did
allow the case of presenting the evidence all the more reason why he should have been found not guilty
there you go even if they thought he was guilty and even though they knew he did the crime so the
prosecution didn't do a perfect job therefore let's use that as an excuse for letting them off only
in America yeah okay good luck to you pal only in America how do you like that
confusion confusion and contusion 80% and a pool on CNN yes they watched the verdict 19% said no
this is everybody black white purple Chinese where's the rest of it because the rest of it it was a
pretty substantial majority said they didn't agree with the verdicts and yada yada all other keep
changing because they keep asking different people oh this guy he was beautiful okay a lot of
confusion that's why we decided that he didn't do it has nothing to do with race nothing to do
with race that's why if you watched all that stuff yesterday all the black people were jumping down
and cheering see I don't understand what is there to cheer about what is there to cheer about can
you explain that to me then we'll all know 26 and w i d as promised oj Simpson for the first time
in months I guess since the brief statement that he made in the courtroom the other day when a judge
and you know in a moment of weakness last Friday let him get up and speak is making a public
statement for the first time from his home in Brentwood so let's go to AP radio and pick it up
all right love it 27 at w i d so we can quick picking on oj now because the pope is coming here today
all right i hope they got some good stuff up there in the ural because you know the pope
smokes the good stuff here's the lady in Miami hello yes ma'am how are you great good um i don't
want to quit picking on oj i want to ask you a question and i want to make a comment yeah i said
this before um like you asked the question what's all the cheering about even even if you want to
give people the benefit of the doubt give oj the benefit he did not kill uh you still beat his
wife i'm not going to worship a man like that right that that was my point you know that's
something black and white people yeah bring him along you know this man is no one to look up to
great great football player in his time but he's no great man now yeah and another thing you're
confusing people with the facts they don't want to hear that see right and it's not only black people
all americans uh you know and again i'm generalizing maybe 90% of the americans they set up these images
they make people into idols bigger than life because most of them feel that they have no life of their
own which is very very sad by the way and so they create this vicarious existence through this hero
worship and they set people up on pedestals and they create this image that somehow that when they
sit on the crapper that uh there's gold in the bottom of the toilet after a couple of years
saying their gold bars in there and they don't understand that it's the same as when they're sitting
there and uh they so if somebody turns out to have all these pimples and warts and is not such a
great person they don't want to hear from it they block it out and one more comment and then a
quick question yeah the comment is anyone has taken a basic psychology class or just if you've
ever been accused of doing something that you never did you're yeah what happened her phone just
died okay maybe she'll call me back because i thought it was going to be something interesting but
her phone died like in mid-sentence i think it's a comment a commie plot okay pound i would
be that the purple lines open maybe she'll call back here's dear field the beach hello dear field beach
long gone okay like i said here's uh Miami hello
Neil yes how you doing today okay hey i've been listening to like the comparisons between Rodney
king oh jay and i'd like to say that most people don't realize that the jury found those people
innocent the police innocent in the Rodney king case because they were supposed to find them guilty
of attempted murder and even though you know we've all seen the videos i don't think anybody believes
they actually tried to kill them oh well you know it's it's a matter of degree
every one of those cops should have gone up for 20 years minimum yeah but i don't we i think they
they would have gone up but i think the charges with uh got them off but but nevertheless i mean
it's apples and oranges Rodney king is a scumbag he's been arrested 80 billion times he's one of the
lowest life forms on the face of the earth and you know and and he wasn't murdered he's still alive
well i agree with you but i think here we got two white people murdered and the fact that
their white is not relevant but two young people murdered and now it's like we're making a trade-off
okay well you got Rodney king won't get these two well what does that mean it guys still alive
well it's like it's like the the last caller that you had said the guy from cutler rich he said
i'm confused and we really meant to say don't confuse me with the facts right
right already made up well yeah but well don't you understand that's a good smoke screen you know
Chris darting kept talking about blowing a lot of smoke and so every time you you try to you know
put somebody's feet to the fire say okay here's a very specific question i want you to answer
it since you're you're so convinced that he didn't do it answer this question well i'm confused
you know there's a lot of uh confusing stuff we i think we need to change the jury system
like you saying get some people on there with some education and you know something if we had
people on there with education if we had professional jurors there would have been no race card
there would have been none of this bullcrap and we would have had the right verdict we are think
they don't have an IQ test anybody of 50 or below can't be on a jury okay pal all right thank yeah
how about the lawyers we have an open line at day 7519 463 751 wio day i wonder how very
shaken bob should appear our feeling on a young kipper today huh wonder how Louis Farrican
feels about those two jiu-a-turnes that help get uh oh j off here's pember pine hello yes nil i
really appreciate your candor i'm a long time listener in the first time caller the
the jury system must be reformed he was not tried by a jury of his peers that's for damn sure
his peers a millionaires and professional people right and had they been on there they would have
been able to see through the smoke and arrive at an intelligent verdict but as long as people
can be excused because either will not or could not sir put their life on hold for six months
you're going to have this kind of result my solution is your excuse from the jury only in the case
of extreme medical necessity everybody else has to serve but what difference would that have made
i don't understand what difference that would have made because all professional people get excused
they go down there and give a hard luck story about how it's going to affect their
i'm sorry i just don't believe that i think that you have to have professional jurors because
even people you're calling professional people uh they're still swayed by the bullcrap they're
still very you know they're very umpliable in terms of putting on an act in front of them and
manipulating the evidence professional jurors are specifically trained in adjusting looking at the
facts for what they are and seeing through all the bullcrap that that's got to happen well i think
won't happen in our lifetime but someday it's got to happen and all these people running around
about oh it's the cornerstone of the mercenad uh freedoms that are uh cred the justice system sucks
it always has and until they make that change it always will well with the jury Johnny Conchrom had
he could convince them that dna with a cheap and greedy and barbedque you saw well he convinced
them that it flew around that's for sure they asked that one witness does dna fly and i think
these people would say maybe it does maybe dna's got wings well uh i feel real bad but the the
outcome was predictable yep you saw the constituent see of the jury right so why get upset about it
we've had six or seven months to know i'm not upset so much with the verdict you know i mean i
am in one sense but i expected all along i'm upset with the reaction of black america to it as though
this is somehow some kind of a victory and and somebody made that comment last night on heraldos show
there were no winners in this there are everybody's a loser including the country there were no winners
i agree a hundred percent i really do and uh keep up the good work okay thanks a lot
open line of power at five two four nine four six three five two four w i o d we want a super
ball alright i still say that when he came out of the corral me should have said i'm going to
disneyland michael ii's new your blue it baby here was a chance of a lifetime put that damn
steve young to shame here's my emmy hello hello yes sir you know what's funny the only thing that that
that what happened yesterday proves is that the legal system is all screwed up and that there's a
how can racial overtones play into it it's it's built into our society throughout and everything
we do and you know what the saddest part of the whole deal is all these experts just like this gloria
all right that they got on here on cn for the idiot time today uh another opportunist almost all
of these people that they have on the so-called experts you know what they are they're all lawyers
right so if you think that uh any of them are going to get on here and say oh yeah we have to
were reformed a justice system and it doesn't work they're not going to say that because most of
them are making their money by by exploiting what it is now everyone is you know i
listened to rick this morning and he's at a very naive or he has nothing to put better on the air he
was just standing like such a naive well he voted for papu cannon that has nothing to do with it
yeah sure it does no well is he an idiot then yes okay but he would admit it well that's true
but i mean it still says very little for you know well i mean well what what's specifically i
mean i was driving and i was getting psychotic to what some of the responses but i think he was
sitting back trying to say i'd let people talk which in his case is probably a good idea most
definitely number two yeah the thing that this that this verdict proves is no no matter what color
you are as long as you have money you can do anything you want right right that's the only thing
at the bottom line that's all it proves it's got nothing to do with whether he was black or
even white and a bunch of sharp ass attorneys in arab like this lick mother scratching attorneys
who played who saw what they were able to put on a jury they played them like a god damn violin
and they got exactly what they wanted and they kissed him on a chicken said okay good boy go home
and do a nice job if the guy had been a truck driver who they had a public defendant you would
be fried you would be hearing the sizzle of that god damn chair right now correct and anyone who
thinks that the decision was racial or this and that and a surprise by it is a naive idiot okay
i mean we built it in talk about rick like that i'm just i just surprised the hell out of me why
because you know he i thought he was a little smarter than that well it goes to show you learn
something every day you know just i mean we built this racial overtones and everything we do in
this country from 100 to 200 years ago and we have to learn to live with it yeah i think that's
the first thing i heard when i got in the car this morning's rick saying i thought you know it was
1995 i thought we've gotten beyond this and i thought he was talking about how is he talking
and he said has the ball to say oh this hurt me when i went to bed i took it to bed with me left
you know take a ball to take your wife to bed rick and just don't worry about important matter
don't forget he lives in parkland do the do the wheel of meat it's much more fun that one okay pal
do the meat okay we have an open line of bride and rickett and bruised and battered on this and
deservedly so it's 1137 at wiod you need a bedliner for your truck here's the ideal place to go
ideal automotive and truck accessories ideal price and selection on bedliners is the best in
South Florida in fact ideal will beat anybody's price on bedliners and their selections
incredible with over 2000 stock including the new bodyguard cargo grip surface bedliner it's up
to four times less likely let cargo slip than your regular smooth surface bedliner it increases
resale value and it's resistant to products like gasoline chemicals and acid and you'll find it at
ideal automotive and truck accessories ideal's got a 30,000 square foot show them they got a big
one and it's packed with everything you need to wholesale prices you'll find them at 701
northwest 57th place in four loader day i'd be a lot of automotive and truck accessories you can
be pretty damn sure they got exactly what you're looking for for that truck column today and find out
toll free 1 800 621 64 64 1 860 262 64 what did i say 1 800 621 64 64 64 64 and by the way what
are we waiting for lunch 610 W I O D approaching critical mass
Eight
Three
Dont die
Iossa
Now, Im dumb nuthans
Letsy
Littleston
Im nuthans
Where every day was spending all that he's cashed
What's in a while when my mom was gone?
Dad goes in their room with Crustles panties on
And he doesn't lubricate
He's probably gonna cause the grass
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's moving tight
So one day old Eric and I will have a gun store
For a while to get a big open thing
And he's gonna make me a Rolex who knows
No mom and dad were watching family film
Whether boys be in the target, or the attention
And the fame, certain to sloppy joys
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's all a lie
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's moving tight
Time to reload, time to reload, now, time to reload
Time to reload, time to reload, time to reload
Time to reload, time to reload, time to reload
Time to reload, time to reload, time to reload
Eric and I will have a retrial
I think it's going on right now as we speak by the way
I think it's already underway, not gonna be televised
But anyway, the first one was televised on court TV
Of course there wasn't anywhere near the national interest
But here's another example, exactly the same thing
They did the first attorney and they get the second
Now keep in mind, these are two punks, two pieces of crap, two wealthy kids out there
Another pair that they couldn't convict in LA
Admit that they killed mommy and daddy
The one kid he goes back and reloads the gun
Because mommy was still crawling around, she was still alive
He hit her with five shots and she's still alive
Like the godfather
And he reloads and goes back and finishes the job
And then they bring in this hot shot bitch attorney who can cock to claim the fame is
She gets people acquitted based on based on this
They were abused as children defense
Oh yeah, all of a sudden here they got a shrink
I think it was Eric or whichever one, the younger one had the shrink that he was going to
Never told a shrink about being abused by his father
But now their life was in jeopardy, they were afraid for their life
So they wind up getting a hung jury and now they have another guy damn trowel
For all we know they may actually get off
Thanks to this hot shot bitch
Now let me just ask you this question, do you remember when they announced the verdict in the Menendez trial?
Do you remember anybody getting up and shearing?
I think there were a lot of two pay wearing guys
Yeah, he's got a bad hair piece too by the way
Okay, so we put him in next to 20 years
They flipped their lid
But no seriously, there was nobody cheering on that because it was a gross miscarriage of justice
It was a sham and guess what?
They're both white, loaded with money and real white
And they should both fry, they should both rot and hell, okay?
Right next to OJ
But somehow for him we make an exception
See they both killed two people and there's two of them, there's only one of him
So they only like a credit for one of peace
Here's a little Haiti, hello
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, I have some mixed emotions about the verdict
Yeah, first of all I think OJ is guilty
But you know and and furthermore I don't really like OJ all that much
He's someone who you know like Michael Jackson and like Clarece Thomas have run away from the act
Uncle Tom, yeah
Exactly and until it's convenient for them to use their race
They try to get us far from it as powerful
So why do we have all these people rallying around?
It's just like when Michael Jackson got caught with his pants down and a little boys too
And all of a sudden, oh he's being set up because he's black and he's got all his money
Okay, first of all I agree with with with some of that
But you also have to understand that we have had a long time that we have really really been set up
And so this is like a continuation
But is that going to continue to be an excuse?
I mean, it's partly going to make a movie now or black people don't commit crimes?
Well, no, well first of all black people
I can just see the movie, black people don't do the crime
Black people put away a lot of black people every day because black food is more important
Right, that's right
And conversely we're talking about how everyone is putting his emphasis on the black jury
And how the black jury did this and let him on
But look at what white juries have done. They let off the cops on Rodney King
Yeah, they were talking about menendez
You just said they're going to talk about them how they got a hung jury
Right
They were two black kids who killed their mother or who killed another person
Which would be even less of a crime when you think about it just like Susan Smith
The fact that they're killed
Yeah, but when they were Hispanic, they were minorities, they're ethnic
Well, but they have a jury
I mean, they looked white to me. I don't know if they were Hispanic or what
But they look white to me and they had a white jury
Yeah
And the white jury get a heart
If they were black, they would have been
If they were black, they would have been
You're missing the point when you say black jurors put away black people every day
Yeah
The black people they're putting away can't afford the dream team to defend them
Exactly
Don't you understand that?
Exactly, I understand that
But the white, what I'm saying is that the white jurors do the same thing here
That the black jurors have done in the OJ case
White jurors do the same thing
For example, Susan Smith, if a black person would have killed those two kids
They would have been gone
They would have been fried
But they could relate, the white jurors could relate to the white mother more than they could relate to a black person
And let me ask you this question, how many people in America, there's a good example, I'm glad you brought that up
How many of us got up and cheered white people when we found out that Susan Smith was only going to go to the can
And actually might get out and like, whatever it was, how many years
Well, it's a little bit, I mean, you know, again, I agree with you because I'm not a big fan of OJ
But it's a little bit different because it was seen as a victory over police harassment
Which I've been a victim of, which I have friends who've been set up, you know, by the police
The police do that stuff all the time as well
But let me say it again, before there was any Mark Ferman tape
Before any of that, the polls were divided along racial lines the same as they were now
Yeah, but it was still seen as a thing of police harassment
What?
That is that that again is of it
And until we get by that and I don't know, and by saying until we get by that, I'm not talking about just black people
I'm talking about white folks also
Until white folks get past this whole thing that every time you have a difference of opinion based on fact
It's always black people who are wrong
Always, always, always, always, oh it's a black jury who did this and well it's black people who are wrong for, you know, for
Looting and riding and stuff like
But it's never white people who are wrong
When black people didn't support the golf world, the extra
So in other words, Rodney King, the white people on the jury weren't wrong, is that what you're saying?
I'm saying that they were wrong and the white jurors make that thing
And what white jurors make?
You just got through saying the opposite though
What did I say?
You just got through saying the white people are never wrong it's always the black people
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's what, that seems to be the sentiment going on
No, it is not
No, it is not
It's not, no, I want to tell you something this may be hard for you to understand when O.J. Simpson was arrested
And I looked at that it never there was no the fact that he's black it had no bearing
Because I don't look upon O.J. Simpson as a black guy, I look upon him as a football player, a slice of celebrity
That's all
everyone said that it didn't make any difference to most people whether he was
black because most people admired him anyway right so how would we come from
full full circle from a guy who everybody admired and there was black as well
as white people running on a freeway oh jay go oh jay when he was doing
nothing in a bronco right and now all of a sudden it's like all the white people
headed in for oh jay because he's black that's a pile of crap
uh... yes that's bull crap man again i agree with it in this particular case
that i think oj's so that's all we're talking about is this particular case
but you can't look at it in by way i don't know try to feed me the logic
that we're gonna undo all the prior and future injustices by giving one to the
good guys or whatever whatever whatever you are that's not what i'm saying but
what i'm saying is that they can't look at this pay ten million dollars to
try this guy we get a joke we get a farce
you have to look at this case in the broader this is only a part of a pattern
this is half the same thing as i don't look at this case as part of a pattern i
look at this is a very specific case there are two dead people we've never had
a case this notorious this publicize in the history of this country or maybe
of the world and so i look at it specifically as whether we have justice in
america or whether we're gonna keep having guys like you make an excuse is about
other cases i don't want to hear about other cases i want to hear about these
two dead people and who killed him and i want to see somebody pay for it
is that wrong no not for this case mother you go but for the broader for the
i don't care about the broader now we don't hold trials for the broader because
because no we don't and that's the end of my conversation with you man because
you're a bozo we should and that this is johnny caqrin jr
jury summation all over again don't face your decision on the evidence in this
case here's your chance it's the only chance in your life any of you
punks are ever gonna have a chance to make a statement
send a message
and they did and this guy's got the balls to come on here here sounding very
articulate see this goes to show you just because somebody's educated and can
speak doesn't mean they got any brains
that's a really stupid argument man look at the broad picture i don't want to
look at the broad picture any more than i want to look at black
americans or white americans i look ideal with them one at a time just like i
said
so let's let oh j off because now that the kind of balances out the broad picture
a little bit better but just remember the white people always make the right
decision and the blacks always make the wrong that's what we honky say
right that's why when Susan smith wasn't given a cheer man there were those of
us who were ready to go up and do it ourselves
because we had so much sympathy for this piece of trash for this some human
piece of garbage that drowned her two little kids she should be six feet
under right now she should be pushing up daisies and the last time i looked
she was pretty god damn white give me some justice don't give me your emotional
bull crap your ethnic paranoia give me some god damn justice baby and start
making human life worth something in america again
instead of wasting all your time with your god damn blind racial and hysterical
emotional garbage i'd like to live before i croak in a country where human life
has some value in this one ain't it
when the jury found oh jay simpson not guilty six ten w i o d news
brought you south florida's immediate reaction running down by your
truck no matter free the no the answer to do with it i've never been first done
when people want to know when people want to talk news talk and entertainment
radio six ten w i o d
eleven fifty five at w i d remember that thing in was it new times about uh
how i'm the voice of angry white Miami that lasts the best and worst
pulsing that i'm not the voice of angry anybody i'm just a voice of somebody
that has an opinion just like everybody else does
but how come it's okay it's interesting since they use that selection of
words how come it's okay for black people to be upset and to be uh
pissed off and yet if white people or anybody else gets upset then we don't have
a right to do it
see because i think that decent people of all colors and backgrounds and you
throw away all the other exterior bull crap i think that decent people just want
well live in uh you know let live and not be a harassed and be able to walk the
streets and live like civilized people and not get murdered not have their
kids shot on a way to school i think that's what most civilized people of all
backgrounds want civilized
and i think that people who make excuses for barbaric acts and those who
commit them i think they're just as bad as the barbarians themselves that's my
opinion here is uh boca hello boca yes sir
off great for starters anyone listening to john
cockton's uh addressed the jury the other day
yep they they had they're huck and you you could tell he didn't even believe what he
was saying he was an act it was all an act just to get the jury to
go their way right that's the way that's the way it works
huck it's the first way you're hiding on the jury or off the jury look at that
and say he's being sincere he wasn't yeah he was just talking out of his
well he was doing his job that's right he's getting paid a lot of money and he's
doing a job putting on an act and that's that's the basic premise of our jury
system as it is today uh is who can put on a better act the prosecution or the
defense and if you can afford the best actors you'll probably get off
when that cross he was wearing a lapel what a joke yeah he's not religious how
about when he put that shmata on his head oh god he's standing he's standing right
in front of the jury and brought a very well lit courtroom he's been standing
there for like two or three hours he puts a shmata on his head and says well
is this a disguise can't you see who i am do you have any idea who i am and i'm
thinking yeah a real asshole man with a shmata on your head you know the change
changes subject i was on the phone with you guys uh the other day when you have the
rim man on and i didn't get on on the on the radio because i had to go i couldn't
wait right to go back to work but uh why is it they show all these preseason football games on tv
but they don't show any preseason hockey games because it's Miami because it's a bush
league town i've been watching all kinds of games that you should have seen a game that
penguins in the arrangers last night if you had a satellite yeah and arrangers were head
four to two would like a minute to go and a penguins scored twice in the last minute
and before the over and over time call on Campbell the coach of the rangers was so pissed off he
didn't even come out for the over time and last year ESPN 2 had all kinds of uh preseason games on
and i finally got ESPN 2 on my cable company and now they're not showing any the preseason games
well you only got a couple more days to wait pal it all starts Friday do you still have tickets
for Calgary do i have any to give away yeah wish i did but i think there's plenty available
i think in fact i tried the panther pack on uh sunday morning all righty okay pal see you there
yeah that's a sad part here we got the opening game of the regular season and it looks like we're
gonna have maybe an exciting team this year i hope i pray i really wish we got a lot of new young
kids it looks like they're gonna go out there and kick some ass and uh beat some people around and
maybe uh beat some people on the ice and we got plenty of seats from what i understand they're too
embarrassed to tell me how many but let's fill that place up for sunday night for Calgary okay
because the last thing we need to do is give Wayne and uh Mickey another excuse oh no they're not
gonna even chop this year we don't want to build no arena don't give them no excuse because in the
meantime with other two and a half billion dollars they're still looking for somebody else to bail
them out let's at least make the most even if it is our last season with the panthers let's make
the most of it and get out there and enjoy it okay you know what i'm saying now what about that
parking pay uh spot uh spot uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh see you think i'm all worked up about
oh Jay i couldn't give a frying a frying flying crap less about that i want my parking spot miss
that's what I want. How's Tony three fingers,
Bologna, Marino doing.
I'd ever called in and he gave you that sign.
Uh-oh. Better lay low, baby.
Something about to send a vest over here with lunch.
Something about sleeping with the fishes.
Okay, of course that's all just fictitious.
So anyway, we got the panthers coming up.
We got that big trade that nobody of course cares about
because they don't know who Wendell Clark is.
They certainly don't know who Claude Lemieux is
even though they want to stand in the cup.
And they definitely don't know who Steve Thomas is
because basically he played on the island.
There's all those years they were boring
and guess what, even with Wendell Clark,
they're still going to suck.
They're still going to be boring.
And the panthers will still finish well ahead
of them in the standings.
Promise.
The foremost four letter words.
610 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
Esta es el show de la maana.
Collio Raheres.
Esta es su cerebro.
Tienes preguntas?
A kill, the colt.
The road down from the
place of my son
I've come
It's all the bloody
glory.
Hello, 7 at WIWD.
We have an open line on a green line
if you'd like to join.
And this is we solve all of the problems of America
after today.
It's no longer acceptable.
OK, because like that guy said,
look at the broad picture or just look at the broad.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
It's David Schuchman.
It's mother and mother.
Yeah.
La Sonna, polo.
OK, out of your, oh man.
OK, two or three words I can handle.
OK, blow it out your ass.
Open line and Broward, 5249463524WIOD.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, how are you?
OK.
Yes, I wanted to give you an experience I had with the
jury system last week.
I think it shows a lot of light on what the problem here is.
I thought I'd do my civic duty and go down.
I have my own business, so I thought I could afford it
through days.
And so I go down to this thing and it was a jury consisting of six whites, three Hispanics
and three black women.
And it was a guy being tried, a black guy being tried for drug distribution pot.
And the deal was, it seemed like a pretty shut case.
He was a freight forwarder and they caught him with 2,000 pounds of marijuana and it was
part of a 12,000 pound shipment.
So when it was a Sammy Smith or Mark Dupur?
Yes, exactly, exactly.
Well, there wouldn't be any left.
It would be them.
And in any case, the situation was that he claimed he didn't know anything about it that someone
had dropped it off for shipping.
Of course, there's no bill of lading.
There were 540 or 250 pound plastic bags.
And during the time that it was there, someone had slashed open one of it, obviously, trying
out the gongja.
So anyways, I run on and on.
So at this last couple days, then we start deliberation.
And as I said, it seemed like a pretty close case.
One of the black women says, well, it's reasonable that maybe he didn't know about it.
He said, well, how could you know it not nobody?
You can smell this stuff a mile away.
There was evidence.
There's no bill of lading.
Maybe she got a sinus problem.
Maybe she couldn't smell it.
Exactly.
You know, maybe he knew exactly the thing.
You should have gone smell that.
It smelled that, exactly.
And so she said, she and these exact words.
Well, maybe he went to McDonald's when it came and he didn't see it.
Right.
What is going on?
A lot of criminals going to McDonald's on the internet.
Certainly.
This went on for six hours.
And at the end of six hours, one of the three women was this cow from over town.
And I say that because she didn't say anything.
And finally, I got so exasperated with her.
I said, ma'am, what do you think?
What do you think about this?
She hadn't said a thing.
And she said, well, I don't know.
And to make a long story short, hung jury.
Rest my case.
That was it.
That was it.
And you know what?
I was an idealist when I went in there.
I really was.
And when I left there, this was last Thursday.
When I left, I knew that OJ was guilty.
But I also knew that boy is going to be drinking champagne next week.
I bet any money on it.
Don't say boy.
The fault of this jury.
Don't be saying boy.
Yeah, exact.
My apologies.
Of course.
And I'm a racist, aren't I?
Thank you, Neil.
OK, pal.
Take care.
Don't do it again.
Bye-bye.
Open line in day, 7519-463.
One on the green lines.
So anyway, one of the statements from one of the jurors they're starting to release.
You know, pretty soon, they're all going to be on all the talking head shows.
They'll be coming out with their book, their screenplays, their info-mursals.
And it was garbage in, garbage out, talking about the evidence and possibility for contamination.
So that's the excuse.
See, they're going to give you all the right reasons now when they start opening up their mouth and go in public.
But the fact of the matter is that we know what it's all about.
We know what it's all about because you can't decide eight months of testimony in three and a half hours of deliberation.
If you're really deliberating and the only reason they looked at Ellen Park's direct examination again and had a red back to him
So they could convince those two holdouts.
Hey, there's still dubious and he still wasn't sure of this.
And maybe the Bronco was there.
He couldn't see because of the traffic of the blah, blah, blah.
And so, OK, we give up.
We want to go home.
And that was it.
But it's because of contaminated evidence and et cetera, right?
That's what Malcolm X said.
That's what Martin Luther King said.
That's what George Washington Cleveland Benjamin Jones said.
That's what they all said.
Right?
That's right.
That's what Karim Abdul Schwartz said.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first of all, thanks.
You hit a lot of nails right on the head today.
Yes, I did.
And you were just talking about a CNN report with the talking about the evidence contamination here,
contamination there.
Well, there you go again.
Here's something that you said earlier.
They're making statements and I'm going to quote you,
tapable for public consumption.
Right, of course.
Beautiful, Neil.
And you notice how they waited till the next day.
So they had plenty of time to cover their ass and consult with the attorneys and make sure that they knew
because now they all got their own agents and attorneys.
You notice that?
Yeah, make sure what they come public with so it sounds acceptable.
Right.
I'd like to hit on one small little subject and it was mentioned and you mentioned it way back in the beginning of the trial.
And now a lot of people talk about it.
It's the subject of money buys justice.
Yeah.
There's no question.
Yeah, and you alluded to it in the very beginning of the trial as the original defense team added flea Bailey.
And then after flea Bailey, then you sold Dersherwoods popped in.
And you alluded to it.
Yeah, they're building up the team.
You even said it.
You know, they're building up the team.
They're building up the team here.
But I have to say this.
Even though I know we both feel the same way about O.J. Simpson's guilt.
Okay, there's no doubt about that.
But unfortunately, if you yourself and you have a lot of connections and you know a lot of people,
if you sit down with any big time attorney or someone who works in a very, very prestigious law firm,
they will tell you this, Neil, and I want to be honest with you.
They'll tell you that they would not even let Marsha Clark go out and get lunch for them.
Well, I understand that.
But that's the point.
The point is when you got, you know, prosecutors are working for the county who are getting paid diddly squat
and you got multi-millionaire hot shot attorneys on the other side, the dream team, the best of money can buy.
It's like letting the Yankees play against Piper High School.
What's the chance?
Yeah, you got it.
Well, there you go.
There you go.
And you're right.
And that's why men...
So all these black people that are cheering, I hope that if somebody tries to frame them and they wind up with their ass in court on the line,
I hope they got four or five million because if they don't, they're not going to see no justice like OJ did.
Yeah, great.
Great.
A dream world.
You got it.
So look, I won't hold you up and I just want to repeat one thing you said and I'd love it.
The only justice in this country is only Atlanta Braves.
Okay.
Good job, Neil.
Yeah, and he almost blew that game for him last night, David Justice.
But how about what's his name?
Who the hell hit the home run and hit two home run?
Chipper.
He's a chipper off the old block, but boy, see ugly.
Stan, W-I-O-D, no shirt, no shoes, no problem.
I killed Nicole.
The other night was there a fight on the Fourth of July.
Cause now his cousin's dead, I'll ball it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something fishy smells, but he won't tell.
So well, last Brian.
What did you do?
Brian.
What did you do?
He's not so long.
He was standing on his folks long and he was crying.
All right, I can...
Brian.
Brian.
Brian, it's hard to understand.
It was an accident.
With two shots lying.
I don't know why your agent crew claims the cops reports on truth.
I want to know some more, so tell me what's the score.
Brian, what did you do?
Accidentally.
Or just maybe.
You're lying.
What did you do?
What did you do?
Yes, now he's gone.
And from this moment on, we're asking Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Okay.
I did you do.
Talk 20 and WI do let's do a lady in Aventura.
Hello.
Lady in Aventura gone.
How can she be gone?
Hello.
You just spoke to her?
And she's what?
Oh, she's long gone.
Okay, bitch.
Open line at day 7 5 1 9 4 6 3.
How are we going to be doing the next break?
We just came back.
All right, like I said, don't worry about this because they'll hang on forever.
There's a fire burning in your home or backyard this summer.
Make sure it's a delightful fire from evenings to light.
South Florida's fireplace and barbecue specialty store.
Evening to light is barbecue for your backyard and patio with over 60 models on display including gas electric and charcoal.
Evening to light carries a full line of fire magic and Weber grills.
And if your existing grill needs repair choose from evening to light selection of over 5,000 MHP barbecue replacement parts.
Right now get a 25,000 BTU barbecue grill with tank and gas for $129 through September 30th.
And did you know that evenings to light can install a Martin Realwood burning fireplace from $895 almost anywhere in any home including your living room, bedroom or even your bathroom?
If you have an existing fireplace evenings to light carries a full line of accessories and quality products from hallmark, portland and ready bill.
Evening to light offers professional installation repair or assembly on everything they sell.
Evening to light to South Florida locations in Miami, a mile south of mainland on the US one and in Fort Lauderdale power line road between Oakland Park Boulevard and Commercial Boulevard.
John, buckle, buckle, cover up.
It's a spectacular celebration of America's music.
Reveal back in time.
CMA Awards hosted by superstar Vince Gill and scheduled to appear Garth Brooks, Alan Jackson, Tomoya Swain and many more.
The CMA Awards live from Nashville tonight at 8 on WFOR for South Florida.
Newspaper ads, TV spots, and hand signs.
They're all part of the game if you run for office and they're expensive.
The News 4 reveals how many prominent politicians are getting free advertising with signs all over South Florida.
Find out how their names get on street corners, even public buildings and who's paying for it.
The name game tonight at 11 on News 4 South Florida.
Under cover of darkness and insidious forces working to doom the future of all South Florida radio stations except one at 610 WIOD.
Nor that a hundred new people a day moved to South Florida and every one of them has been offered a choice.
Listen all day to 610 WIOD or be shipped back to Waterloo. They've seen Waterloo. They're listening.
It works like this. Listener you're out of here and thank you from News Talkin' Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD.
Okay.
Talk 25 at WIOD. Let's go to a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi, I got some information that OJ was coming to turnberry this week.
Hello.
What are you talking about?
I just got some information that OJ was coming to turnberry to vacation with Pala Barbiere and I think Miami should let him know landing there.
Who said that? He's going to Mexico. He's going to Robert Kardashians joining near Cosmela in Mexico.
Well, I'm just passing it on and I think people have been...
Hanging water on. You're giving misinformation sweetheart. You're full of crap.
We have an open line in date. 751 and of course, he's also trying to start a bunch of bull crap. Okay?
Go find something productive to go feed a starving kid somewhere. Will you? Okay? You stupid bitch.
I think people should listen. I have it through the grapevine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Blow it out your ass.
Just what we need is a bunch of trouble makers. Now, okay, just get on with your life.
Okay? We're just having a little conversation here in the aftermath. It isn't going to change a goddamn thing.
Just people are venting me especially, but everybody else too. And that's it.
But don't be a guy, damn shot this derr. If you want to go tell somebody off, go up to New York and talk to the Pope.
Tell him what a piece of crap he is.
Here's Voka. Hello.
Hey, deal. Yes, sir. How are you today?
Great. Oh, that's good. I wanted to ask you a question and pose us to your callers too.
Maybe you could it would make me feel a little better. Is why did they? Where's Fervidon?
Why is there a perjury charge is petty?
There aren't going to be any perjury charges against them because the area that he lied about had nothing to do.
It was not pertinent to the to the case to the defense. Anything else?
And they're not going to be any perjury charges at all. But if I thought you'd go to court of law, they say you got to tell the truth.
Did you hear what I just got you? Can I draw you a road map? That's the law. I didn't invent it. I'm just explaining it to you.
Well, to be it says they ask you to tell the truth is he got to tell the truth.
His law, let me say it again. His lies were not relevant to any of the evidence in the case.
And therefore they're not going to have any perjury trial because they got nothing.
He didn't purge himself in the technical sense of the law. Welcome to America, pal. And now you feel worse.
There are however ought to be internalistic investigations in the LAPD.
All of these incidents over the past, however many years since he was on the force and going back.
And he ought to have his ass on the fire for that, including a lot of other cops.
And by the way, I think it's really, really sad that detective Philip fan had her according to just about everybody who knows him.
I mean, when you find a good cop for crying out loud, don't smear him. Don't rip him. Give him credit.
A good cop and Johnny Cochran goes up there with his big broad paintbrush. Wasn't Hitler a house painter? I think he said that too.
Goes up there with his big broad brush. And now of course out of desperation, he's painting this conspiracy.
Gotta find somebody else to put in there because this guy after all was walking around with OJ's blood.
And I can't think of anything more vile than what Cochran did there. Just, you know, just generalities.
Talk to some, you know, made a joke with some mafia hitman up in the hallway. They're right.
Okay. We believe all your credible witnesses, Johnny. See, I'm going to tell you one thing.
It's a goddamn good thing. The defense in the way our system works doesn't have to prove anything because man, they proved nothing.
They had a rosalo pairs. They had Mary Ann Gurches. They had that one guy that were in the neighborhood that blew up in their face.
Then they had the mafia hitman that they never put on a stand. They had no defense. None.
But like he said, we don't got to prove nothing. And so that's why we didn't.
And we don't know who that was running in the house. We have no idea what that was on the wall outside.
Kato's room, but hey, we don't got to prove nothing like Joey Butterfoucault. I didn't do nothing.
Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. Happy holidays and back to it. Hey, did you have any here?
I don't know if somebody already brought this up. Did you have any here? You heard Drew Rosenhouse yesterday? No.
He got on the air and was screaming about out of the fact that now he wishes to God that he could have OJs as client because he's going to be the wealthiest athlete in the world.
And he would do anything to have this guy. He doesn't care. He likes that kind of guy. He likes Brian Blades. He likes all these guys.
In fact, Mark Dupur, all the guys who turned out to be the biggest scumbags their Drew Rosenhouse's clients.
I mean, I was amazed. Now, where did you hear that?
It was on the NBC stage, Channel 6, something like that, the interview with JB Brown.
And he got on it just said, man, he would do anything to have this guy.
Is that interesting, by the way, that the White Dolphin players refused to be interviewed because just about everyone of them said that the verdict was wrong?
Yes. Well, just sorry, pastor. I was surprised that everybody else kind of called in about that.
Hey, birds of a feather flock together, man.
I would get that in back to you.
Yeah, water seeks its own level. All the old cliches. Drew Rosenhouse, you're a slimeball, baby.
You're scum. And the fact that Jeff DeForest had you on air that night right there at your Robbie Stadium had a chance to pin your ass to the God damn wall after this Brian Blades thing and licked you all over your body, baby.
Unbelievable. Hang your head and shame, DFO.
I think DFO is auditioning for CNN.
Oh, seriously? Because if you look at everybody's ass, man, you get a job on air in a heartbeat.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami. When is this?
Audio, Sasha came to Ovidis. Here's the lady in the hellendale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I just want to tell you one good comment you're making today is when people look at OJ, they don't look at him as a black man.
They look at him as a superstar celebrity.
When white people look at OJ, they look at him as a superstar in a celebrity, not as a famous black person.
I don't know how when black people, because I'm not black, but one gets the assumption that they have a different perception of him.
And I want to also ask your opinion, what do you think about the three white jurors that were on that case?
I mean, it would only take one person.
There was one white woman and two in Spanish.
Everyone won Hispanic and two white women.
It would have taken only one of them to take a hundred.
Well, the first vote was 10 to two, 10 knock-yoldy and two that they were holding out.
And then they watched the... Wait a minute. I'm on for right now.
It just calmed down, George. I'm not missing the naked and bed.
When you just relax, he's motioning, he's gesturing, he's grabbing himself, sharing's not that bad. All of a sudden now, huh?
So anyway, the first vote was 10 to two. I assume that the holdouts were probably the two white women.
And then they said, oh, well, we all want to go home anyway. Let's go watch some of that testimony. We'll put on a good act.
They said, okay, sounds good to me. I don't know. It's crazy.
But you know, Johnny Cochran said last night that he was interviewed. He goes, oh, we didn't play the race.
So the prosecution is the one that started up by putting Ferman on. Isn't that crazy?
Right. Oh, well. Okay. Good luck to us.
Thanks. See you.
Yeah. So Nick and Sharon, I think are going at it again.
What is that? They're doing it for the 87th time on their wedding night on the day of their daughter's wedding.
We have an open line in date, 751. And oh, look at this. Here's a Matt's boyfriend.
He's getting pissed off. Now I think Paul's getting to him here. See the young and a hung the soaps are back on.
They had a thing on the entertainment segment on CNN before with that bitch. What's her name? You know the one I'm talking to.
I hate her.
The real sour-faced old bag that's on the entertainment show.
Oh, man, I just despise her. But anyway, they had the segment about the TV executives.
And they're talking about the fact that they're kissing the ground that this is over with finally because CNN and court TV were taking away all their viewers.
And the false, the new false shows that the viewership for the new false shows was very, very low because they were all into this.
And they're just kissing the ground. It's over. Maybe they had something to do with it.
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I want to say a few things because I know what is what is your idea to say with wrong.
I thought I'm a black man. But I thought it was guilty. Yeah.
But I don't think it's right for now. You can know all these white people calling on the stand with a jury.
They're wrong. Cause white people do it too. Cause you're like that. You're like that same black jury found.
Oh, they're not guilty. But the evidence they had. You had a white jury to find the phone count.
Not guilty. What did the evidence they had? And why?
They're not. You talking about Rodney King? Yeah. No. Yeah. The white people do it too.
Let me ask you something. Is Rodney King dead? No, he not dead. I said I said I don't. I said I thought what they did with wrong. I thought he was guilty.
But I'm just saying white people do it too. So in other words, let's just keep doing it until you know,
until we even up the scores at it. I say what do you?
What do you? What do you? What do you? Well, wait a minute. What do you think of my idea of having professional jurors instead of bringing all these schmucks in from off the street and letting them decide instead of
I think I think that more battle. Okay. Then they have it in this any old average average Jack and you know, they want to.
I'm not going to be a professional. You got it. You got it, man. All right. Thanks. See there. You go. I rest my case. Boy Ryan's looking pretty good today. Huh? All right.
All right. Don't go back to that bitch. Okay. I mean, if you can't do better than that, you might as well just take that tie and wrap it around your neck.
She is just skanky. Victoria. She reminds me of Queen Victoria or some other queen. Anyway, where we going? 1234 W.I.O.D. Let's go to a Boka. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, you know, racism works both ways at the police. My sister is in New Jersey and you know, we're white and she had all black friends. There were three car loads of them. Yeah.
Her friend in the front. Her car was in the middle and someone behind them. Now the person in front of her got pulled over by a state trooper. He is black. And he was talking to him and he comes back to my sister and he give and she says,
what are you doing? It's just while I'm following him. He goes, Oh, okay. And he gave her a ticket and nobody else. Yeah. All right. My sister took him to court. And he said he pulled her over.
And he didn't even know anything about anybody else. Yeah. You know, and he lied. So I mean, you get to think of. It was in the daytime or nighttime. I'm not sure. But I always say she was the only white person among the three cars that she was driving.
Because if it was at nighttime, unless they were smiling in the other car, no, he probably thought the other car was empty. He probably thought she was the only driver. No, it's seriously because at nighttime, it's hard to see. You know, I mean, it's not a racial comment, but it's just true when it's dark, unless black folks are smiling, you can see those teeth. You know what I'm saying? No, but I mean, you got to think logically. I mean, you got to know that there's some. There's some. Of course, there's plenty of hate to go around for everybody. Palters plenty of it out there. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I read a newspaper article somewhere up north.
And Florida, yeah, you know, it was a black copy. You just made chief or something like that. And he was talking about well, when he was a kid running through the town, it was being chased by and getting a white kids and we're up to the white cop and the white cop told him, well, you've got to get out of here. I guess. You know, so you get you got to think that it's going to play something. I mean, it's going to be some people that got the hatred in them that just want to take revenge. You know, don't worry about Northern Florida, man. It's hurricane's going to blow them off the map. So you just solve that problem. Have a great day, but in closing, in closing, yeah, legalize it. Okay. Thanks.
Open line and Opel, Opel, Opel, Opelize what? Open line in the Green Line 1-800-9. Well, it's called Opel, man. It's a hurricane. Opel. It's a bad one, man. And of course, the Lord does work in mysterious ways. And those red necks up there in the pan and older thinking, you know, they've been busy shooting doctors at abortion clinics. They think that they've been doing a work at Lord and all of a sudden, oh, guess what? Surprise. He's been picking on you over and over. When you're going to get the message up there, okay, all you Yahoo's in Pensacola and all you assholes up in Tallahassee. He's pretty good. I mean, I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to be a little bit
more patient. Well he's been doing great. But it's not big dragon and he's been putting the dots on his hands. I'm actually looking at the wide carpet of God and turning the door open. I just got working on it. And suddenly. Lo 2500-149 opens. I'm not paying praise to God. Oh, my God. No wonder. He's kept that. And my God. The air is completely fucked up. hesitant for a bad. And holyms and miracles. We've been in 180, 150 times here, and for about three days every Friday, day, 30 new days every Friday...  Week and bar. Daddy Et or
I listen to you read it all the time and I never called but today I need to call today you're motivated
I'm motivated. Okay. Um a couple of comments the first one is that um I'm not somehow I'm from Canada
And when when you were talking about Canada and how Canadians react to this. Mm-hmm. I'm a black person from Canada
Right and I am I first of all I believe that he did it
That's the first thing right and I understand living in America now why people think that he didn't do it
Do you understand me? Yeah?
Uh maybe they just
I've been here for years. Karen. Hold on a sec. They just finished the Paul Bernardo trial as you know up in Canada and Toronto
I know but my mother was telling me that that was gruesome and horrible and
But they did number one. They did not put it on television
Yes, it did number two the fact that he was white had nothing to do with the verdict and
You know they got really the right verdict except of course for the wife who really she pleaded bargain the way a list of her
But they got to write verdict and I believe that OJ did it and I
Everybody in my office is is non black and they all think he didn't do it and I think he did
But I can understand living in America why a lot of black Americans think that he he did not do it. Oh, I'll explain that to me
The the ratio you like you were saying earlier in in Canada. It's very different. We don't notice it
I'm married to a black American and when I took him home
He was like stunned I took him in the subway. He couldn't believe it
He's like people don't notice I say we don't care. Mm-hmm. We don't care
But people I mean here are different what we're in Canada. You're from Toronto. Oh, yeah, I'm a great and I understand living here and working here as a
professional while a lot of black Americans
Think the way that they do and I certainly sympathize with all of them and I understand
Living here now because people look at me and view me as a black American who listen I'm not a black American
I'm a Canadian and I don't see things the way that you do because I wasn't raised like you were
You know, I mean I mean my husband comes from a small town and there's a black neighborhood like a thousand people there
Yeah, and I'm like what is this and
It's I understand why they acquitted him although I disagree. Okay, thank you, Aaron
Okay, see you at Maple Leaf Gardens
How about I lose all the time I know I know they stink my father still watches them so do I okay?
I'll see you
Open line and day then I can lose this year goalie skull baby
We're gonna kick some ass right Bob Cole
Let's get Bob Cole and Harry Neil on here and screw this OJ crap. Let's get some hockey going baby all right
I don't think I got any and documented at Mike Langstuff today. Okay, give him a rest until the weekend
He'll need it after the Leafs beat the crap out of the penguin Saturday
Now okay, we'll get some of that for you
So anyway like I said, you know, you go to a real I mean this this country. I'm telling you man. You're dreaming. You're just dreaming
It's not just a fag thing either they're probably saying wow
You know he likes it because he goes to Berlin or in Rhiners and like guys will hold in hands and the dikes walking around
That's right and nobody cares and nobody's yelling out faggot nobody gives it in and there's like all kinds like in Toronto
Man, you've got a tremendous Oriental population. You got a little Italy there an enormous number of Italians
You've got a lot of black people you got a tremendous number of people from the Middle East. I don't know what they're they are
Pakistani who knows what and nobody cares
Nobody cares
And that's right across the border
And yet they have a certain amount of violent crime but nothing like here nothing like here not even close
And they have 11% unemployment up there and yet they don't use it as an excuse to be blowing each other away
In fact the homeless people they said they sit it's the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life
They sit on a sidewalk in front of like stores at night that are closed and they say real quietly
Spare some change and they have their little copper and you can't even hear them and I want to like coach him and say hey
If you ever want to get any change you better speak up a little bit, eh because nobody can hear you
Here's a plantation hello. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've been in a long time
Listen, I'm the second time I live in a culture. Okay. I just want to thank you for airing the frustrations of
People like me. I mean I was shaking yesterday when I heard the verdict and I was just so mad that I didn't go out
You know, and stuff smashing windows. I just I kept it to myself
But listening to you it made me feel so much better and also I like to bring up another point
If that you're at number six did you have the black power sign? Yeah, I don't care if the pope would have found the gloves
He would have been found innocent. I think they made up their mind a long time. Isn't that incredible?
Yeah, I mean I how can you do that? I know the trial one of these creeps gets up and again
I do say creeps because no intelligent jury regardless of their erase
Nobody could have conducted themselves the way that they did it gives the black power sign
I'm not a family. That's what gets me you the girl is crying upset
I was upset if I would have been there. I mean I don't know what I've done
But I just want to thank you Neil. You've been great and as I said you you've aired my frustrations
I was shaking yesterday and I don't know what to do, but what can I do?
I have to take it life in a mirror. Thanks a lot hanging there
I'm shaking out too because Nick just put a shirt on dammit. I'm sorry
We have an open line and Broward 524. Well, let's say after the first 85 times even he's wearing out now
She looks pretty happy don't she see so evidently she forgot all about the rapes
She forgot about Matt and just for like one night she finally said okay. Let's see what that thing looks like all right
So anyway things are looking up now the young and a horny is moving along. We're progressing
He's gonna get off Matt's gonna probably wind up behind bars for the rest of his life
Plus his little ugly boyfriend there's gonna go along with him. I think sit on his lap. Keep him company
That'll be the next big trial on TV the Matt Clark trial
Huh, let's have an all black jury for that one too
From the time they found the bodies to the words OJ's been dying to hear the best radio news team in South Florida brought you the trial of the century
We've been jury and the bus and title action find a companion or
Orange all Jameson not guilty of the time of murder
The best news news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D 12 51 at W. I D by the way to my friends up the hall there at the end of the hall at hot 105
Did you see you didn't see any of the stuff that channel 4 did yesterday because they had it on the 5 o'clock news
They had a couple of clips of me and mostly listening to the callers and then they showed it again at 6 where they showed it coming up to 1 o'clock
And I said it's goddamn verdict time or whatever now I said it's 1 o'clock and I can't believe number one
They put the goddamn on there then they switched over and we heard one or two of the calls at hot 105
You know it's one thing the pander to your audience okay?
It's another thing to have a conscience
It's another thing to have some kind of credibility
It's another thing to use your brain
I just say that I'm not seeing you got a you know go step in line with me
But what the hell are you people thinking about?
Here's a for-law to Dale hello
Yes, Neil I like to know do you think it's that some people
Use a trial to send a message about domestic violence
No, you're talking about you're talking about Denise Brown trying to
Is trying to make herself look good after all those years went fine
She said nothing about her sister getting beaten up all the time. Is that what you're talking about right and and
They don't they don't have trials to send a message
Right, but I mean
Raffa versus he said but we could learn from this and let me say it again
You don't have trials to send a message right right but then again, you know, they say that oh black people
You used you know, you know that the black people in the jury that was Johnny Cochrane who sent send the message right and they did right and it's wrong
But then again, I mean, but but see everybody's arguing that though, but nobody's arguing the fact that you know that
Nicole, I mean that Denise Simpson because nobody cares about that
She hasn't succeeded in that okay. She's running around the country and her all those making her into a TV star
Nobody really cares about that
Well really you got jocks beating up their wives every day
You're reading about this war in moon one day Bobby Cox the next day. They're beating up. There are nobody cares about it
Right you don't even hear a follow-up story, Irving spikes in on nobody cares
Right, but when it comes to race then everybody's paying attention then exactly that's a sad part
Well, but too bad about to huh? No, I just like to say um, I'm like I'm a Calgary flames and myself
You know, so I'll see you there, pal
Good luck. You'll need it all right. Okay, bye. Yeah Calgary flames to your flurry man look out great little player
And who they got in gold these days or they got the Trevor kid
They're okay Calgary. It will be it will be the mud to a bloody pop right sure
We have an open line in power at 5249463. I don't want to put any pressure on Doug McLean in the Panthers
But we better win at opening game. Hey, let's kick some ass
They're over in St. Petersburg to play those desperate lightning tonight. They better win that game too just to make it look good
How about your rimmers over there probably being brainwashed?
Here's Boka hello. What a day. Yeah, it is beautiful. I'm having lunch now. I feel better
Yeah, you know this one of the jurors coming out
She was wearing a Florida Marlon hat that coming out of her house. Well now we know what the problem is
Okay, and also though that explains it all to me. I got another one. Yeah
The only keen that's gonna kick ass north Florida this week is the Opal
Hey, you know, what's gonna wait him? What's gonna happen? I know I think I have a game
Well, I think the coach Bush Davis set the hurricane up there
You know, I never thought of that wouldn't that be something if they got a reprieve on that? Yeah, never happened man
That things blowing through there like a like a grand took Richmond. Yeah, beautiful thing
I got tickets in the mail only one day after I won them off you. That was amazing great. I like federal express
Okay, pal. All right man. Thank okay. That's right. That's gonna be the second hurricane is gonna hit up there
To panhandle up in telehasse this Saturday and it's gonna be an embarrassing thing
You notice something we haven't heard from
We haven't heard from one single hurricane fan all season long
I know they've only played the what three games of which they've lost two by the way including one marginal girl school
And the one team they beat was a minor girl school division two
Sharon just came home and she said my was so good
She should have kept in touch, but it's a big secret of course
My sitting there in her bathroom. She knows something. She sees that she sees that look on Sharon's face like something really good just struck her
just
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
I did just share with you some things that I some thoughts I got on this whole old J thing. Yes
First of all because the jury failed to convict
OJ does not mean that he's innocent and I was watching the TV the other yesterday and all these people were jumping up and down when the
Verta came out and they interviewed people there said I knew he was innocent
Oh, yeah, right and people got to remember that just because the jury didn't convict them doesn't mean he's innocent correct
And that you see I served jury duty one time. I think this you might find this interesting
I was on it was sitting on a jury on a panel and this guy was charged with two counts and the
Prosecution failed to present enough evidence to convict them
But at the same time the defense didn't present anything enough to like to acquit the guy
Yeah, so we went back to deliberate and we didn't have proof
We on the reasonable doubt that this guy was guilty, but we knew he did something wrong
So we dropped one charge and found guilty on the other
I think that's the right thing to do it's that see what happened with OJ is not about justice
It's about opinion and I think there's a big difference between truth and opinion about sending a message
Yeah, yeah, so you know, I think that the DA's office and the police department got what they deserve
But I don't think OJ got what he deserves and I don't think the American people got justice and I think that Bob Shapiro all of his
Posturing these last
24 hours or 20 hours. I think it rings pretty hollow when you got a man who took like over a million dollars 1.6 million
I think over the last 10 months and was you know up to it to his ears and
The now all of a sudden he started to say well he didn't agree with this and they played the race great
He was a part of it man. He can't they can't the shy away from it now
Yeah, that's what he said on that interview with Bob a while
Why in addition to which he's the one that went out and found Johnny Cochrane to be you know head up the dream team
So good luck to us. Okay pal. Thanks a great day open line and Broward 524
I boy next got a big smile on his push too. I wonder why?
It's been a hell of a long time man. You know when you hold it in that many years
We have an open line and Broward 524 9463 said you think there was pressure on that jury
He said I'll show you something about pressure scored scored here's Coral Springs on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil
Yes, sir, I don't know much about hockey, but I want to ask you a couple of questions
I met a hockey player this morning
In Bochartone doing some service work. Yeah, that Jovanowski for Panthers right
He has a broken hand. I didn't get a chance to add a broken hand in that fight with
Brandon Shanahan in exhibition game and you tell Ed Jovanowski who's a rookie this year
And we're looking for big things from him
And he's gonna be out for three to six weeks now that you know save the fights for the regular season
And don't be busting your hand in the pregame, which means nothing. Okay, Todd. He's a pus
That guy was with me said yeah
He got in a fight and I didn't know if it was on the ice or or what
Honey ice in an exhibition game last Friday against Hartford and it's unacceptable criminal
He came from Canada. Yes, he did a hey
I just I was just curious. I need to change the subject. Are you are you married?
Don't let your wife near him. Have a great day. Yeah, yeah, it's kind of scrawny don't you well?
You never know okay, but see you all right. It's just a joke Eddie. Okay. You got off up there
You're okay. There's another one of those deals. What did the what was Jennifer? Just doing she gave me the high sign
She said I got more naked pictures of Brad Pitt. Is that what that was all about?
I
Mean those naked internet pictures for those of you who want that thing that thing, you know that thing
Because I know Jennifer is desperate for that thing, but it's not much of a thing of course, you know
She could have been right yesterday. Maybe it needs to be
Talk to here's Miami Beach hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay?
Happy holiday and back to you great show today. Yeah, I haven't seen this much action a long time. Damn right
Listen a couple things. I know you don't you're not a fan of the Harold. Did you see the front page of the Harold? No
Okay, there's a picture of a corrections officer and there's a picture of a judge and
The judge looks like she's saying the shot word just when the verdict is read. I mean her eyes are closed and
Everybody else is jubilee you know all the
Correction officers are jumping in yeah, but it was funny
It was it was also on the news last night
Just that one little clip I thought you might like to see that take a look at that in favor. Okay, and have a good day
I'm back to you
Sun sentle by the way
He's got a good lead at a tour today which goes to show you sooner or later everybody gets one
Decrying the verdict and the short deliberation and the whole farce that we just went through and see this is you know
Forget about the verdict. I knew it was gonna be not guilty. That was disappointing, but not unexpected
But it's that reaction. It's all these people cheering and screaming
It's this goddamn football mentality man. Nobody won. There was no winner yesterday trust me
station that cares
Yeah, like hell we do six ten W I O D Miami Ford Lauderdale
News talk and entertainment radio six ten W I O D
It's the one to two hour
Which does the hanky panky
Newt Gain rich has a skanky wanky
Newt Gain rich does the hanky panky
Newt Gain rich does the hanky panky
We thought he always back his party
They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time
They call him womanizing low-rise fly
But newties chasing girlies all around my desk
That's why we sure took his air is a mess
Would it all dance?
All right, here we go on the desk. Let's go
Oh Mr. Speaker
Mr. Speaker the committee would like to know
All those high heels sticking out from under your desk
Oh
Hey, they're not all the committees. He's knowing for Friday. Yeah, I know
Now there'll be no further desk
I saw him working on his pick up line
You come here often baby watch your side
Of me and Republican and all alone
Hey, buddy, baby. Can I give you the phone?
Happy for him
Newt Gain rich does the hanky panky
Newt Gain rich does the hanky panky
Newt Gain rich has a skanky wanky
Newt Gain rich does the hanky panky
We thought he always back his party
Okay
Okay, 107 at wld. I told you we know what what it's all about. We know which side it's buttered on that's why we decided it would be you
I'm kipper today because we knew the verdict was coming yesterday
Here's a lady in Viral Beach. Hello
Hi, my name is gale. Hi gale. Hi, I
Visiting Viral Beach, but I'm from center, California. Oh, and I've been listening to your program for about six days and I love it
Well, great you are saying the things that I keep thinking and most people are afraid to say out loud right
And I know that it's not funny that two people were murdered, but
if we don't learn how to
Get above it and start laughing about some of the stupid things that have happened
I don't know how we're ever gonna
Start talking to people again. Yeah, I
Very much believe that there should be a professional jury like you say and I don't think that they should have televised this whole trial
I've been watching it since the Bronco chase
mostly because I don't I listen to the television commentators
After hours and I I think that's not what I heard
Their slant on it is so totally different than what I heard. I figured I better start listening to this thing
And I was so disappointed yesterday just ruined our day to hear that he was
pronounced not guilty because I did Bobby to see all these people cheering. Oh, absolutely
That's so wrong and the people that you see cheering if they say that it's not a race
Um a race trial. They're they're absolutely wrong
I think that if they were two people husband and wife that were the same color
Whether it would have been black or white or green or purple that
He would have been found guilty. It was the fact that it was two different
races that it seemed to be one pitting and
Good old Cochran pitting one against the other and he wasn't just waving the race card
He was raving the whole deck
Everything that he could throw it was sick
Well, I think one thing we ought to do is like eliminate all publicity about any trial held in California
Especially Los Angeles for like next 10 years
Oh, definitely because they can't convict anybody out there
And I think that now the last thing that we need to start stirring everybody up again to see what passes is justice in
California
Absolutely right and they're so
There's so litigate out there that the next thing is gonna happen is it oh jail probably sue the county for
wrongful incarceration
Well, he'll be pretty busy though with that civil suit from the Goldman family
So I think he'll be pretty busy. I was gonna say I have his hands tied
But that would be a bad expression well when it comes to justice
I think we're all looking for Fred Goldman to take care of all of it for us. There you go. I'd love to be on his jury
Okay, okay, have a great time. All right. Thanks. See you. Bye. Bye.
Open line of the green line. It's Palm Beach. You know, baby. That's the heavy duty stuff up there
Boka and Del Rey and Palm Beach and West Palm and North Palm and Jupiter and Uranus
18949463
Now we can get back to our soap operas on a regular basis now
We can get back to God them a new fall lineup on a network's there and help them make a few bucks
Now we get back to the public getting screwed with the baseball playoffs
I'll tell you one good thing if you got the big dish you saw all the games last night. All right
How do you like that?
I'm watching four hours of Geraldo on CNBC
I'm watching the Braves game in Colorado tough game. I'm watching the Yankees and Seattle brutal game
I'm watching about the two seconds of Cincinnati and the Dodgers because that was a blowout and I'm watching
What was the other one I looked out
All Indians and Red Sox and other tough game
So if you got the big dish man, you got it all like I said anybody who can get the big dish and winds up getting a little one like my neighbor over there
Come on Bernie. I made a bad mistake. But you can still turn it around. Thank you Jennifer
it says
Should I read it?
Oh, okay, bunch of crap. Don't be stirring the pot. Okay, smoke it a little bit, but don't stir it
Anyway, let's go to a lady in the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, now. Hi. I agree with the last caller
But what makes me sick to my stomach is that black thing that justice was served it was not served
It showed that the criminals have all the rights. They'll see if they're rich and the victims have no rights especially if they're dead
Well, let me wait slow down
What makes you think that the black people you're referring to and I assume you're the one's the majority of the black
But wait a minute wait a minute
But what makes you believe that they think that justice was done?
Don't you think that a lot of those people just felt okay one for us? Okay, we finally got one
Maybe but to them that's justice because it's justified in their brain
Yeah, okay, that's fine. They I think deep down inside they know that he's a murderer, but he's black
Well, he's got one he's rich
Well, you never stuck up. You never stuck up for them. I'll tell you that he was never ready great to know
And you know what if he had the chance he wouldn't do it. He's not gonna stick up for his
That say his people he's not gonna yeah, he's a killer
He's a murderer and another thing that was never brought up
He was cheating on his first wife when he met Nicole and a lot of black women get angry over a black man
dating a white woman and
Those jurors that were black. I think the minute they found out that he was dating Nicole while he was still married
Made up their mind no matter what the no matter what the DNA was they made up their minds from the start and that makes me sick
Are you there? I'm here. What do you want? What do you want me to say? I can't change it for I can't wait my way to
Wadget modern change it we can't but I just want I just want white people to realize that they're not guilty of anything
We've been taught I'm 31 my whole generation feels guilty to be white
Yeah, and I go down about you know, that's an excellent point
I am really you know
I said this in the beginning of the show and I've avoided it in the meantime, but I'm gonna say it again
I'm really really disappointed bitterly in black people both inside this building and just out there in a community and in the country in general
Because you know, I'm sick and tired of being held up for stuff that happened two and three hundred years ago
The time has come to stop walking around with a chip on people's shoulder
The time has come to get an education to get involved to get intelligent to get bright people elected
You know and then to stop get to cut the crap. That's what the time has come for yeah, I get another call
I guess you don't have kids and I do and I go down to the public school system and they know who my teacher king is
They know where South Africa is, but they don't
They don't look like on a map and they don't know who the president of the United States is
Well, when they get when they get older tell them what the state looks like. Okay. We have an open line in day. Well, it looks like a
One third come on. It's hanging down there, baby. It's hanging out, but the governor's up there in the north end of it
That's why there's no balls
113 at W. I. O. D. the scam is as old as carpeting itself man and advertise price to clean your carpets by the room
And always sounds really good. Oh, is this going to be a great deal?
It sounds so cheap so inexpensive. What a bargain what a steal what a deal wrong
Because then when the work gets done and the price starts to climb and climb and by the time they get through
Raking you over the coals you got a bill that's bigger than your state of Florida
That's one reason why dry concepts is the choice to clean your carpet to smart the intelligent choice every time
Because they guarantee the price in writing before they touch a thing
Well, when I say touch a thing they not only do carpets don't forget a lot of you who do business with dry concepts
They also do great furniture cleaning drapery cleaning spot dye and color enhancement fiber protection carpet repairs
Inplant oriental rug service de-automization even complete water damage restoration and nobody does it like them
And nobody does it for you at a better price
Don't forget guaranteed written price before the start and quality work when they do it for you
Dry concepts in date call 930 36 36 930 36 36 in Broward 581 4739
581 4739 and a West Palm Beach called dry concepts at 930 4739
610 W I O D getting irritated yet. That's always been mine
We all know how Shannon Folkner's courageous three hour
Half a day attempt to enter the citadel ended at hell week
hurts to quit oh
And I don't think I look good in the shorts
But Shannon's story started two and a half years before hell week and now
A B Sleeze presents you can go to hell. I quit the Shannon Folkner store
Shannon time to work out let's go
Everyone in the Folkner console new Shannon would have to be in tip-top shape to complete the rigorous training at the citadel
I can't eat anymore
Oh battery could have 1312 more twinkies where that one time from now
Learn how her rigorous training changed every
Shannon we're gonna have to break up
This set of things made you too much woman for me
If you ain't gonna finish your prize can I help?
You can go to hell I quit the Shannon Folkner store
It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life
You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks
Sunday night on a B Sleeze
118 and W.I.D. By the way, if Keith Smith Jr. is listening out there
You don't have to send me or any more male pornography. I've already seen enough
Especially with phony names on it now
Okay, so what you know it's interesting people had been writing you sending in the same crap for 20 years
Then they all of a sudden you get an envelope you see the way you just see the writing on the envelope
And you know who it's from and now they're using new names. All right, baby
Whoever whatever you are in addition to what you got crappy taste
Uh spoiled sports all major sports fans blow hot and cold but sound Florida fans just playing blow by Jeff Russ
Mack in excess all right. Okay, whatever you say
All right, let's just move along. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi Neil. My name is Tony
I'm calling from Miami and I hope that you allow me to say my point even though I disagree with you. I'm civil about it
First of all, we have a
Criminal justice system that sucks. Yeah, all right. Well, I agree with that
But I did not create the infrastructure the infrastructure was created and we have to learn to accept it
Well, what what no no, what do you mean? We have to learn to accept it or or change it. Yeah, we have to do one or
one or
The other otherwise we should just stay out of the fight in my opinion
Well, what do you mean stay out of the fight? What fight? Well, we're gonna complain about
Complain about what the verdict is I really believe that if the verdict went the other way
And if it was not three hours, it was just one hour of deliberation
I believe that
people would have said justice was
And even though it was a one-hour
deliberation period nobody would have complained about it. Well, why bring up a mood point? I mean, that's just conjecture
It didn't last only an hour and they didn't come back with a guilty verdict and under no circumstances where they going to
But I'm saying that it's very hard to
Very hard to have a conversation about something you're conjecturing as opposed to having a discussion about what really took place
Okay, well really took place, but there was a verdict and there was even though I believe I do believe that
OJ Simpson
More than likely has done it. Yeah, so it's the point if I was and I'm so are we supposed to celebrate the
inefficiency of our system is at it
Celebrate it at all. So then what are you saying? I you know, I think people like myself and a lot of others are speaking out against the system
It doesn't work the jury system is a farce and we would like to see some people get upset enough to try to get some changes made
Okay, that part I can accept if I can address the the racial issue now
As far as the way racial issues concerned. I'm not so sure that this is a black and and white
Situation what you're dreaming well, I mean Nicole Brown says his name
You made her so resident piece her name is not mentioned as much as wrong Goldman's name
And I know Shapiro's having a lot of your dream and Shapiro's if you're ready to finish nobody you're wrong about that
Well, I think as somebody said Fred Goldman the last caller mentioned something about being on Fred Goldman's
jury panel, you know if he was gonna go ahead and attack
Yeah
and
And
He's gone and he just disappeared. Okay, he disappeared like magic open line and date. What do they get him or what?
77519463. I think what he was trying to say but I'm not really sure was like a
Black and Jewish issue is that what it is? Which don't get me started on that
Because when it comes to anti-Semitism all of a sudden we want to start talking about Louis Ferrican again
And how much an enormous percentage of black America embraces him and loves him and Jesse Jackson all his high-meetown
Of comments which all the apologies in the world don't cover up where he's coming from and what he's all about with this phony rainbow coalition and all his issues
See I wish I could tell you the names of some really brilliant black leaders who could really help bring black America up and
Undo a lot of inequities and injustices. I can't give you a lot of names. I
mentioned before a couple of people are respecting admire a lot Julian Bond and Barber Jordan. Okay couple of black politicians who I think were articulate
Brilliant forceful dynamic, etc
But just like white America there aren't a lot of leaders out there
And by the way if you think Colin Powell is gonna be a black leader your dreaming baby because he's another real Uncle Tom
Make no mistake about that and a BS artist and totally inept
And talks out of both sides of his ass
122 at W.I.O.D. for the past 20 years the pizza loft has been serving the best Italian American food anywhere in South Florida
That's a long time to be around especially when you look like Jeff Cohen
And did you know that the same great food you find at pizza loft can be served at your party or picnic your office event
In fact Jeff is busy catering a lot of uh, uh, y'all mkipper parties today
That's right. He's got a sense of humor
Pizza loft can cater your event whether it's a big one or a little one
They've brought some great food here to the station just ask George who always says
Right after they leave and they can do the same for you call pizza loft 266
5511 quite frankly after Jeff leaves. I always say
Right away and make your arrangements still cater it like I said whether it's big whether it's small
Whether they haven't even seen it yet
If you've never been to the pizza loft man, you're gonna love it. Okay. The food is great
Everything fresh to give you a big big portions of great Italian food award-winning lasagna
Manacottis spaghetti baked CD eggplant parmesan fantastic pizzas three different kinds all made by hand
No frozen crap nothing artificial just the best of money can buy pizza loft upstairs 69th and flagra just east of the Palmetto
266 5 1 1 1 as we continue to try to help everybody to just get a lot once again Thursday morning show is gonna be devoted to race issues
Better I'll answer junior or Dale or I'll learn what man. I'll answer junior Dale. I'll answer Dale
Rincolns
6 to 10 a.m. on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D in
1971 we've been a tearful goodbye to the doors
Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows windows 95
ah
Bill Gates computer high
My computer just went down and I can't miss around with windows 95
The windows their music is an exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world
Hey come on
Gates
This off-way I'll second rate the windows will bring high rock to your hard drive
I run you without memory
Yes, please be I should get it for free the windows and the windows 95 tour feel free to crash it's been a lot of time with us
What's 26 is W I O D you know we've been a hawk at a China here three and a half hours today on your kipper no less
Which I noticed by the way a lot of Jews in the building all of a sudden very
Observant but anyway, uh, I still have yet to have one person explain to me especially a black caller
We've had a few but a couple of main coherence some fairly reasonable
But what what was the celebrating about what was the cheering in the incredible exuberance in psychotic react what was that
See I can't relate to it. I must be missing out on something because I'm not black and I just uh
Maybe you have to be black to understand it. I don't
I don't understand what it was that was one yesterday was it a victory for somebody was it a victory for justice?
Was it a victory for black people was it a victory for uh for what
Here's uh to question hello
Hi, Neil dick better up the question up. Yes, sir. I'm glad you just brought that up because that was what I was calling about that dancing in the streets
You know a point that's never brought up is the oj his own people aren't even good enough for him the coal was white
His presently I can't tell you the number of people who called during the last night or 10 months and said oj
Was an uncle Tom lot of people well is present place his present lady friend is white in other words the black ladies aren't good enough for him yet
The blacks are dancing in the streets for the great idle
An idol who doesn't even think the black
He's certainly he's never been a spokesman for black causes
He's never been involved to the best of my knowledge or any uh significant black charitable or right?
You know, I mean, maybe I'm wrong, but I've read enough a lot these last nine or ten months
I don't see that he was any ever a greatly involved
You know he grew up in a ghetto himself
Thanks to the fact he was lucky enough to meet Willie mazes the young kid
Willie helped to get him out of the ghetto get him into USC and make him into a big superstar make all that money
But I don't see that he ever went back and spread it around anywhere in the inner city
And he was out there in Brentwood with all the multi-millionaires and almost no black people out there
He was in a latest uncle Tom
Well, and to me is
Is here they are cheering for this chap who is their absolute hero and he doesn't even think that they're good enough for him
Yeah, I don't care if I another point I want to bring if I were old Jay yeah
I would buy and wear it all times
Who bulletproof us?
Okay, thank you. Thank you. See you
Okay, here's the men. It's gonna solve all the problems of America Dennis Domennis. Hey, you doing it? What's up Dennis?
How the hangin? Oh pretty good. Don't take anything by those questions. Oh sure
I'm just disgusted by all this is fed up nauseated and revolted
And we know what I'm not gonna I'm not gonna waste my time
anymore worrying about 12 more on and a couple millionaires one of them happens to be a murder
It's not worth my time. Yeah, so I'm moving on to bigger and better things which is hockey all right
So how was the game on Friday game was pretty mediocre
We only stayed two periods and we left but it's an exhibition game don't get you know, you didn't miss anything
Yeah, plus one of the seats you would have said your ass and was broken anyway, and it damn well better be fixed by Sunday
One of my friend Frank broke
No, I didn't break into it. No, no, no, no, that was quick. That was that's the seat that he said and do
Yeah, well, that's what happened. Nice going Frank. Yeah, right. Well, he's lost. He's looking pretty good. That's what he said
He's lost about 60 compound and he said your starter look pretty good too since he's been listening to the show
But I don't know what he meant by that
But anyway, so what's the deal? I don't have no extra tickets for that Calgary game, you know what do you mean?
You gave my seats away? No, no see what he graber say oh geez now here we go now in trouble
Woody Graber um
bought six of the games for the season I bought 35 he bought the other six or seven whatever six games I see one of them of course is opening night
Now possibly tomorrow will check as there's nobody they're all Jewish today if we got like those extra four seats on the other side
That they probably aren't gonna use I would imagine I can probably steal a couple of those for you. Okay, which I'll let you know tomorrow
Okay, great. Okay, should I call tomorrow then yeah, that would be nice. Okay
So how's everything going huh? Oh pretty good. Pop it up park Friday night opens up this Friday
Yeah, hey, that'd be a good idea. So we got all kinds of possibilities to we'll get together Dennis
You know what I'm saying? Yeah Tiffany's in Atlanta right now. I have to pick her up in the airport today
She had a couple job interviews. Well, how long was she gone? Oh, up to two days. She's gone Monday and you're calling me today
What do you mean she's been gone for two days? I had a window of opportunity there even bigger than OJs
Oh, well, sorry. I know the windows locked. Okay, Dennis talk to you for all. Okay. What's here? Oh my open line of day dammit
Open line of day at seven five one nine four six three. It's just you know, it's one of those things, you know
He's all right. It's good guy
Wait till he finds out he's gonna sit on my laps on day. Here's the otala. Hassee. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? You better get ready man. Yeah, I know we're gonna get blown up here
It's gonna be blowing pretty hard in the hurricane too
We're just trying to get ready for the game and this storm comes to ruin the game
Well, I don't think it's gonna ruin the game. I think you know, it's not gonna blow the whole stadium away
Hey, Mike
Be a good excuse. This is the only let somebody call before said the only hurricane that's gonna roll into town is the opal
Hey, that's true. Yep. Anyway, you should have seen Windix, man
No beer left in any Windix, the entire house you know now you're talking and I bet you there's no prozac left in any of the pharmacies either
Um, I have a same request. Okay. How about a chest or crew? How are you gonna hear it? Oh, can I stand a lot? Okay. All right
Well, how can you turn down a guy that's about ready to get the blown away?
I
And they wear tight pants
Blessed with the miracle of being gay the very best of packets in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way
The very best of packets in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way
Just
Join the big swish to chest or field queen you choice of the bags of America
Okay, you're still there on there. You heard it. Yes, thanks a lot. No, wait a minute. Yeah, even better
I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing
You might be getting out of town getting away from the hurricane going to Boise. Hang on a second, pal
Okay, hang on. Don't go away. Explain that to him. Okay. Oh, that was good. I love it
Well, there's a guy that would want to get out of town because he's in telehasse
It's getting ready to get blown off the map and he might want to go to Boise with all those real like complexion people
Anyway, let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm okay. I'm hanging in there. Hey, man
You hit it right on the mark man as usual. You speak the truth, man. Yep. God has spoken. Yes. Just don't run for president though
No, good. No, there's not enough money in it. Well, hey, Neil
Now you know what I never got that tape never got what tape? Uh the atoms atoms family thing
Well, today's only Wednesday
Well, you get to give it on Friday George. What day do you send those tapes out?
The same day he sent him out the same day never got it. You giving the right address. Yeah
Well, maybe your mailman's huh? Yeah, the mailman. George is too bad nice very nice George
Now maybe the mailman wants to watch it a couple of times. They'll up up the back and give it to me then he'll then he'll give it to you by the way
Neil, uh, do you know what this is? Yeah, I know. Okay, Fernando Alejandro. Ah, yeah, Fernando
All right, there you go Fernando's hideaway. Yeah, what happened? Just keep looking forward pal. No, but what happened? What happened with what
We you never called
Hang on tight Alex. Okay, are you gonna call you never know? Oh, hopefully see you pal. I take it. Bye. Bye. Oh my god
I'm being stalked. We have an open line at day 7519 463 751 WYOD
You know all things in time. You know what they said? Who said that all things in time in time
What will we was at in real quick in time? Oh, that was in the exorcist remember that
When he wanted her to open the drawer again
Do it again. That's what father Kira said in time
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood not Hollywood. It says Hollywood here. Well, they're wrong. You better look around or starting to get older by the
Minute man. It's Hollywood. It's called springs. But uh like I said, they're getting older by the second
Here's something for you. Oh, Jason. Senkilda's wife. Do uh do uh cut her open
With a knife. Oh, dude. I day
Called up Johnny Cochrane because he's a great defender in alight. It sucks
But if you got that, that you can make your wife a pesdist Spencer
All right, there we go. He a poet and he don't know it
We have an open line in brown at 5249 463 524 WYOD
135 at WYOD. Let me tell you about a place that's really doing it
That's Lorenzo Zatagian center in North Miami Beach where they continue to be amazed, shocked, astonished and astounded
At the phenomenal response to the Dr. Atkins diet foods and Lorenzo's is going to continue to offer those great Dr. Atkins diet foods like the cheesecake
Which I just had a little a few morsels of unbelievable. It is so good. It is incredible
Lorenzo's is now selling up to 1500 cheesecakes a week 1500 a week
Over 500 loaves of the basic protein bread over 200 pounds of the 50% less carbohydrates
So if at a chini are being sold every week at Lorenzo's and it's growing like crazy
Lorenzo's is telling you these numbers because all this food wouldn't be sold if it weren't good
Lorenzo's is also selling lots of nitride-free hotdogs at 499 a pound and coming soon a new nitride-free hotdog from New York
Now which one did I just have George?
We don't know but it was damn good. Whatever the hell it was. It was great
There's also the nitride-free a veal bratwurst at only 399 a pound
The nitride-free bacon and lots more box-liced meats in the meat case
And if that's not enough Lorenzo's newest surprise wait till you hear this
The dr. Atkins fudge will be available soon. They're going to be packing into Lorenzo's for that
Lorenzo's also it's all our first pasta the friends meats etc
Lorenzo's the tight-end center 163.85 westixi highway north Miami Beach
I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing
That's the sound we'll use to register people for the next curious journey to the great Pacific Northwest and a new hometown of detective Mark Fermi
He may want to fade into the background but we're not going to let it
Give you're on the air when you hear this sound. I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing
Congratulations. You're qualified for tragic trip number four from news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
610 W I O D double click and reboot now
I
See if I were thinking I would have played this at the beginning of the show but I wasn't thinking until last I said whatever
It's party time baby. Let's go out of three
So
Oh
The cold
Maybe dancing in a street baby. We don't know why but somebody better explain it to me
I just I don't get it. I'm missing something here is a Hollywood on a purple line. Hello
Nail yes, sir. Hey, I don't know what all the bitchons about if you would have listened to Johnny Cacken's closing argument
Yeah, which days a good days far our weight is bad days
You know you've admitted he was a wife beater, but hey that was the only three or four days out of his life
That's right. He could have bumped off a few more people's guilty cruising about all those I think you've just come up with the new
Parameter for criminal justice in other words if a guy's a good guy most of the time for example Hitler might not have been all that bad
You know most of the time he just had a few off moments. Yeah
Right hey, I'm gonna go knock off a few myself and just we all have our bad days right
Yeah, donated charity, so that counts for at least two people right all right. Okay pal. Oh, yeah
There's our next great criminal offense attorney right there. He was having a bad day. He was pissed off. Okay, you know what I'm saying?
Oh
Okay, let's party baby. Here's a hollywood. Hello
hollywood
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, let's put this as kind of in a perspective. Um, okay
You're supposed to be judged by a group of your peers right now. Do you call that ghetto mentality?
Of course not the course not the guy was a multi-millionaire. There was maybe like one black person who lived about a mile away and Brent
Wouldn't that was it right let me finish you got a blame this whole fiasco
You got to bring this whole fiasco on the prosecution the prosecution gave the defense the case right how in the world
Could they put a moron like Fermanon how in the world any law student will know don't ask a question if you don't have the answer
Well, imagine him getting up there and say does the gloves fit and you get this big guy standing up saying the glove doesn't fit
Especially when anybody any of the criminologist should have said hey listen
There's blood's been on here for almost a year. They're gonna shrink a little bit. He can make it look really bad for you
So for all the people who are upset on the defense you shouldn't be the prosecution did the most
horses ass trial they gave them and don't forget Ferman asked to be taken off the LAPD
Remember that he asked to be removed from the LAPD because he was having all these personal problems and conflicts
And he knew he was a piece of crap and they said nah, you know, you're just a typical cop go ahead and you know beat up some people
I mean up the these love asha's morons these these police department the jury system
Where here you get this manendez who they say they killed their parents? Yeah, I mean they killed their parents
Everybody would have seen it on TV and they get on when they got that new bitch attorney
They remembered that as youngsters they were abused by their father
All came back to them of course something they had conveniently forgotten. I mean how do you pick a jury?
He should have been tried in Brentwood right with a with a really a very good
Amen they tried in Brentwood, hallelujah. So what they do is how you're talking so they get a ghetto mentality right?
They have nine people there who are you were black Hispanic and they have two whites
Yeah, and they let this guy and the first vote in the jury by the way was tended to right you figure it out
So how do you feel no one could say that the defense should be accused?
The fence was given the case you and I could have got him off just by
I'll pass on that well
Not my type, but you agree with me that the other these prosecution if the these
The prosecution a moron total absolute moron. Yeah. Amen. That's it. Okay. Thank you stay out of LA
You got it. See you I would say if you've never been to LA
It would be a real good idea don't ever go there. It is a horrendous. It is a grotesque. It is a disgusting place
It is filthy. It is crime-ridden. It is nauseating. It's oh
And used to be great used to be a hell of a place
What the hell happened? It's a toilet. Oh
It's bad. It is really bad. So stay out of LA believe me. I'm telling you I'm begging you
Just get a satellite dish and watch KTLA
But stay away from Vinskulli. He'll kill you. Here's Bokeh. Hello
Hi Neil odd never really been pissed off enough to call you before I've been listening for years. Yes sir
Um, basically I'm disgusted to say that the rest of people in this country are Americans with me
um
Anyone that says that they know for a fact whether
OJ is innocent or guilty. Yeah, to me is
arrogant
Egotistical and extremely hypocritical
Meaning what these people who are rejoicing on both sides
Whether uh, you want me rejoicing on both sides? Who's rejoicing on the uh, rejoicing or or or or are are
Crying look at it. I know. I think I mean I find discussing that there are people rejoicing in the street for this
And I find it discussing that there are people in Brentwood crying as if
uh, this in some way
OJ is tied to them. They feel so emotionally tied to OJ
I find it disgusting. I think the only thing that affects you and me on this case is that basically
OJ beat his wife
Is a jerk for doing that. Yeah
What is it? I know I'm not going to be
Egotistical enough to say that I know whether he killed his wife or not
There's a lot of evidence on both sides. Yeah, and uh, basically we need to focus on the on the important things
Well, what did we have all the people cheering for yesterday when he got on the
I thought that was disgusting, but I think it's equally disgusting to have people
Crying and saying that this really affects them personally. It's that's what I've been saying all along
It's not going to affect anybody
Yeah, I mean, I mean, people involved in it, but but also
Uh, Neil that the one thing I like to say, but what you've been saying is uh
Um, let's just say you're a celebrity. Let's just say I'm in the mom
And your wife or husband or whatever does
Does uh some drugs host me some money. Oh, please
What I'm just saying I'm just talking about with that cocka made me drug deal thing with the I've been
I know, no, no, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You just blow it. Listen. I don't want to talk to you man. You're an idiot
On the one hand he says how arrogant everybody else's for a bleak and we've listened to all the evidence
Now he wants to go through some hypothetical bull crap
What an idiot what a bozo what a jackass
Hypothetically, hypothetically, yeah, fill in the blank make up any story you want like
Affleabated. Oh, they thought they were getting pay resident. It was a professional hit. It was a drug that yeah
Like they didn't know pay resident from god damn medical brown Simpson. Oh, by the way, did not live in the same house
Kindle whatever the hell it was
In this guy well hypothetically, I'd say I
You are one stupid mother baby. I'll tell you
You are dumber than dust
Oh
Get that fag off of there
Okay, 141.46. Huh? What do you think I think the parrot did it?
Oh don't say Chicago because that glass is still broken in the hotel sink
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi Neil. Hi. Happy New Year and back to you. Thank you
I'd like to last caller. I think he's an idiot was I rushing to judgment on an or a moron
Everybody else for you know making conclusions out of what we got driven into our ear for nine or ten months there
And now he yeah well hypothetically yeah, okay, it takes the most ridiculous aspect of it. It was a drug deal
That's why they left the glove behind it's insane all I need to say is that I think that they've convicted people with less evidence
They have then they have a case and I think the problem goes down to this
There is no such thing as an impartial jury
Everybody is driven by emotion when it comes down to it everyone sticks with their own kind
That's the way it is
And it's unfortunate because there is no such thing as a Justin Fair trial because people are not open-minded. Yeah
Now I say with all the technology we have
Available to his computer-wise cyberspace isn't there any type of way to put this format this whole scenario into a computer
Of course, but all the evidence is computer no and just no
It's not even like a percentage-wise. No, you know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it couldn't be done no
Professional jurors okay, they've been doing in England for eight million years
Oh, tell you
How how can we do this how can we go on it isn't gonna happen getting these types of not gonna happen
You want to know why because all the people who make the decisions are lawyers, okay?
They're all lawyers almost all the politicians are lawyers
This is their game. This is their bull crap that they set up and they're gonna perpetuate it
And they're gonna keep selling it and peddling it as the great and I had to Latin lesson all these assholes on TV
All these commentators there. Well, it's the greatest system on earth bull crab. It blows
The greatest system on earth my ass
Judge by a jury of your peers God forbid that any of you should ever have your life on the line with 12 morons from off the god damn
Straight including the lot of the people we're talking to here today. Well, hypothetically, you're a wife
Well, I don't got no wife. How do you like that pal? Okay?
So that blows that
Out of the water
148 at wio d when you like the fireplace or barbecue make sure you're lighting a delightful fire from evenings to light and throw a Susan Smith right in the middle
evenings delights got over 60 models and the man does brothers too while you're at it
They've got over 60 models of barbecue grills everything from gas to charcoal even electric
Choose from brands like fire magic and Weber right now
You can get a 25,000 BTU grill for just 129 bucks at evenings delight
They also carry 5,000 different replacement parts by modern home products to help you get your grill back in top working condition
Evening's delight is not Florida's premier store for Martin fireplaces and right now as I speak
You can get a martin fireplace installed for under 895 bucks
They can install it anywhere in the living room the bedroom even in your bathroom
And there's a full line of accessories like hallmark screens portland doors and ready-built medals too
Evening's delight their soft floor is barbecue at fireplace special east store a mile south of day land on u.s
What in Miami and on power line road between Oakland Park Boulevard and commercial in for lauderdale
