Hello out there, we're on the air. It's Hockey night tonight.
Tension goes, the whistle blows and the pact goes down the ice.
The goalie jumps out the line.
The Garfield line makes the shot.
Cross-ice Willie hit off the point. Willie is a conflars.
Melinda is fencing in flux, studying the screen.
Tabaracci doesn't see it.
It scores a power play goal. Jason Wally should get the goal.
There was an ad in the bucket by a Calvary play.
As a Panther's power play goal has this one tied up again.
There's dash with skates to flash. The home team fails behind.
But they grab the puck and goal bursting up and they're down across the line.
The fifth power play goal is Portuguese Calvary.
In a little over a little under-court during the play.
They gave up three goals, all three goals they were scored on by Trevor Kitt.
And last night, he gave up a pamphlet.
So five power play goals now scored against the play.
Belonging backhanders, scores!
He even straight-balled. He got first lead by one.
Jesse Bokieje.
He players face off down the ring.
And the Stanley Cup is all filled up for the champs who win the drink.
Now the final flick of the hockey stick and a one-jicadic stream.
The puck is in. The home team wins the good ol' hockey game.
Oh, the goal.
A big aim.
Where's the best game you've been made?
And the best game you've been made?
There's the good ol' hockey.
He's got a little bit of a distinction.
Wait for the chance, man.
Let me get back to the end of the game, you go.
On the turnover, scores!
Jody Ho, closely kept believing.
They tailor the pass to the opposition.
And Jody Ho is going higher than one side.
And a pampered play by two.
And there's Jody Ho.
What a production. I like that.
10-07 at W-I-D. How you doing, guys?
So at least a panthers pull.
When out too bad, we didn't have a good crowd there to see it last night.
But sooner or later, if you have enough different teams,
at least for the time being, you might win one.
Boy, this mic was like on the no ball set.
And Chris Rick was just here.
So anyway, happy.
Oh, man.
If we don't have a special edition of the Booker Belmadi Show on Phil Henry the Safnoon,
I'm going to be one disappointed puppy.
I'll tell you that right now.
I don't think he could wait till Friday to you.
I think he might just come out of hiding, at least by phone.
The Booker has got to come out of hiding today on the Phil Henry Show just in honor of yesterday's debacle.
I understand the Patriots got blown out.
Hey, at least we're consistent.
We score three points every week.
38-3.
But you know, wouldn't you rather lose 38-3 than to blow a 24-3 lead in the third quarter?
And just get humiliated and degraded.
And I just, we're still trying to find manage.
Everybody is on the lookout.
We can't find manage.
The rumor is that he went out and got drunk and ran off with a coach after the game
and the two of them haven't been seen since.
And especially now, even worse news, adding insult to injury is the fact that Marino very well could be out for the rest of the year.
That's the latest I'm hearing from my sources.
Marino is out.
I think that may have been his last game yesterday as a professional quarterback.
Good thing you broke the record yesterday, Dan, because you know how the fates work.
It's an ugly twist of fate.
I mean, you talk about a major blow job.
It was just, it was in cra-it was shocking is what it was.
It was in the history of sports.
That was probably one of the great blow jobs, at least in the history of the dolphins.
In fact, they said they had to look back to 1980 to see a bigger blow job by the dolphins.
It was frightening.
And against a girls team, against a quarterback, of course, from Michigan, though,
who got beat by a girls team on Saturday.
So put it all together and you got a pretty depressed ugly community now.
They're foaming at the mouth.
It wasn't bad enough.
Are the hurricanes still playing, by the way, or do they drop the football program?
Okay, that's the latest rumor in addition to the rumor about Marino being out for the year.
Next rumor is hurricanes have dropped their football program.
And are going to be taking up things like cricket lacrosse and badminton.
But nobody cares about that.
They're not going to be real quiet about it, because they haven't really carried less 15, 20 years.
It was just something to latch on to.
That's all.
Let's latch on to latch.
You've heard of lunch with lats.
Let's just latch on to something.
So anyway, you know, my condolences to you.
I know it's really rough.
That's the way it goes.
I see a lot of stuff going on here in the newspaper that pissed me off this morning.
I mean, big time.
Here's an editorial just out of the blue just to make sure that you don't forget about how evil gambling is.
You people at the Sun Sentinel man, you just amused the living crap out of me.
I mean, do you ever get out of the house?
Do you ever like leave the house?
Do you ever like go out to the convenience store, get some pickled eggs?
Maybe a sausage here and there?
Make study of legalized gambling to be sure regulation needs are meat's need.
And then it's got to reach the 24 hour hotline of Florida,
Council on Compulsive Gambling called 1-800 plunge your brains.
I mean, this is the most ridiculous thing.
And I wouldn't be, I think tomorrow in the editorial in the Sun Sentinel are going to be talking about trend prohibition again.
Just because he didn't work the first time doesn't mean we can't do it right.
Because we got a lot of alcoholics, a lot of booze hounds, a lot of drunk drivers out there.
Let's try it again.
And my favorite part of this edit, this is the lead editorial in the Sun Sentinel out of the blue today, out of nowhere.
Research shows gambling generally has its most harmful impact on those who can least afford it the poor.
A steady, now wait till you hear this, a steady increase in casino gambling by teenagers,
despite legal bans has caused for alarm in part because it encourages them to regularly engage in legal behavior.
No, of course we know that teens are screwing their brains out, which is also illegal because if you're not married and you're having sex, that's technically illegal too.
So I guess that those laws really stop people from doing stuff.
In addition to which, remember when we were in Vegas, George, all the teenagers we saw plunge in their brains out in a casino?
What are they talking about? Have these people ever been in a casino?
I'm sure that the people at the Mirage and at the MGM grand and the Stardust and Caesars, they're all going to risk losing their gambling license by letting teenagers, by letting people in the ages and even 18 out there, it's 21.
You have to be 21 if you're 20 years old, you can't gamble in a casino in Vegas.
But teenagers are gambling, it's an epidemic, they're compulsive, they can't control themselves, it's evil, it's disgusting.
And I'm going to, and then of course Tom Jicke, man, I'll tell you a time, I don't know where you lost it.
Maybe it was a progressive thing, as your hair started falling out years ago, the grey matter and the brain started falling out with it.
Because here's a guy that used to seem to be a little bit with it many, many, many years ago, and now all of a sudden he's just got a problem, bladed on TV.
This is one of the most ridiculous columns I've ever, I mean on the one hand, of course you got Ellis Rubin and Ronnie Zamora and TV intoxication, which is ridiculous.
Ellis and you know people should take responsibility for their actions.
But if this guy who supposedly covers TV for a major, alleged major newspaper, if he thinks that TV isn't manipulating the public, if he thinks there weren't shenanigans going on, playing with the guy damn public right from the beginning and that stupid trial, I can't remember who was on trial.
Then I don't know what you're thinking about, Tommy or Lila Land, but again you work for the Sun Sentinel.
The only place you'll get any real information in the Sun Sentinel is in a sports section.
Here's Dave Hyde, a good column, Dave Joseph. These are the only guys that have their head screwed on straight as in the sports section at the Sun Sentinel.
The rest of this newspaper I wouldn't wipe my ass with. It's a little too grainy.
So let me just give you warning right now, the first mention, the first breath.
In fact, let me, I'm not even going to say it myself, okay, because enough is enough already.
The first, oh man, about that you're gone, okay?
I told you Friday we're done with him, we're finished and even at old bitch on the beach, okay?
Forget it, give it a rest, take up a new hobby, okay? Fly out to LA, get a good seat for them and end this brother's trial.
Get a life, but forget about it.
Oh, some reno's done, he's retiring, he'll be making his retirement announcement in noon today, Georgia just tells me.
It's 10th, 13th at WIOD.
610, WIOD, download this.
This is the Neorodger show.
Yeah.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
1016 at WIOD, real sports intensive weekend, although I must say it's not much of a sports town.
Last night, home opener for the Panthers at the arena.
Really disappointing.
I know there were a lot of people getting out late the overtime game at the JRS, a lot of people depressed.
Ponytail, Jeff Cohen comes by last night, which almost dampened our great night with this finger tail and was
Hockeyna trying to get about how he had a big fight with his wife because of the adult loss and she wasn't speaking to him.
And he was so depressed after the first period of the hockey game he had to go home and do some drugs.
He was just psychotic last night.
What are you crying about, man?
You know it's a choke-on.
You know, you should know after enough times that sooner or later it's going to happen.
Better sooner than later.
But anyway, we had announced 12,000 in some 12,078, I think, which is ticket sold for the game last night, which means well over 2000 empty unsolved tickets.
And as far as empty seats, I would say a good four to 5,000 empty seats.
We may have had 11,000 there at the beginning.
And as it got, you know, bedtime in this town is what about 8 o'clock, especially on a school night, especially on a weekend, unlike a Sunday night.
Bedtime is about 745.
So those people who left the dolphin game after the depressing overtime loss, those people had to immediately race home and put their head on a pillow right away because it was almost 8 o'clock by then anyway.
But by the, by the middle of the third period last night, if we had 2,500 people left there in Adirina, that was a lot.
And it was, you know, and it got to be late in the game like Calgary Scored Air Late to make it 4-3.
And it was really desperate. We hung on for dear life.
And there's about 1,200 of us left there at the end of the game.
I'm telling you, this is one wild enthusiastic. I mean, the people here are really in the stuff.
That's why when you sit here day after day, nobody calls. Why should you be surprised? Why should anybody then deadheads, man?
They're not enthusiastic about anything except getting something for free, like this stupid movie Little Women with Winona Ryder that I got in a mail from Columbia.
Look at that. I got a movie here, George. That nobody wants.
Okay, let's, by the way, 751, WIOD and Dayd, 524 and Broward Greenline, 1-800-944-9463.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Jesus Christ.
Yes, I'm called the right place.
Oh my God.
It's the Christ line.
The same old office, I guess.
Huh? The same old office.
Same old coaches.
That what?
Same old coaches, baby.
The players too. It's the players.
Yeah, but wait a minute. How come they went to that pre-vent crap in a second half?
They do that all the time. And of course, as soon as you do that, you know, what do you do?
You wind up giving up points in chunks.
You wind up giving up yardage in chunks.
15 here, 20 there. I mean, Harbaugh was throwing 15, 20 yards down the field of the crack.
They were up 24-10s.
24-3.
I know, 24-3.
I know, but like when those 24-10s turn into 20-7s, I knew right then they were going to lose.
Yeah.
I mean, with the exception of Marino and Kirby, there are just a bunch of selfish winers who fear for nothing, except their stats and their wallets.
Yeah.
I mean, what was this Brian Cox was saying about how he was so embarrassed?
How they played the week before?
The whole week before and all of a sudden they come out there yesterday and they made him look like a bunch of clowns.
He's a flat out liar because the same thing happened again.
Yeah.
And at the best, Gary Clark and Eric Green whining all week about how they want the ball more.
Drop, drop, drop, drop.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Horrible.
And...
So I take it, you're a little depressed.
Well, can I give you a little...
Of the Reno being injured, yeah.
Oh, the best part, the best part, after the game.
I'm listening to the post game show Dwight Hollier said, this is a little disappointing.
A little.
A little disappointing.
Jesus Christ.
But if I can make you feel a little bit better, okay?
Yeah.
I don't know if you have a dish or not.
If you've got to see any of the bills game?
The bills in the chest.
I don't think you have any more.
Okay.
Well, let me just tell you, the final score is in no way indicative.
The bills have no offense.
They had to kick Christy, had to kick five field goals.
Every time they drove down field, they couldn't stick it in there.
Kelly looks as...
Kelly is finished.
I mean, this man, they almost knocked him unconscious near the end of the first half again.
He's always getting knocked out.
And he's just...
He's done.
He can't throw the ball a lick, okay?
I mean, so even though Buffalo is tied now at four and one,
I don't care what Booker Bell Monty says, they are really weak.
So that's the one thing should keep you like, you know, keep saying that to yourself.
I just want to congratulate the readers for being this year's AFC representative.
We have no chance, especially with that marino.
Okay, Bell.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
See, Neil, you should never have got off the bat.
See, I have no pressure when it comes to football.
Now, I got a team that scores three points every week.
Got a $32 million quarterback and this thinks they're going out.
So it's just one of those deals.
It'll be just a fun year.
And par cells don't get as fat as fire.
That's all.
But here, I mean, everybody's talking super bowl.
They're talking undefeated season.
Did you see the looks on Shulow's face in the first half?
Everything they couldn't do anything wrong.
Even Gary Stevens farted on the sideline and Shulow said,
God, that's the sweetest smell and fart I've ever smelled in my life.
And in spite of that, it was just they come out in a second half and all of a sudden it's like,
well, let's go ahead and let's go into that shell now.
Let's go into that because we don't sure want to put any more points on a board.
It would be embarrassing.
And slowly but surely.
And then of course, is the and I really, you know,
I don't want to condemn manage too much jackass.
But here's a guy with a big mouth.
He's screaming in the air.
Where is he there?
I not call it the end of the game.
You're for that expression about being conspicuous by your absence.
Invisible, unheard.
You could hear a pin drop and Zimfer, you know,
I'm not a big Zimfer fan to begin with.
Okay, he makes me want Rick Weaver back really badly.
And I never thought I could say that because Rick and his heyday was pretty good.
And he had that, you know, that voice.
There was something about that voice on the year.
But you know, and later days, I mean, he didn't even know what guy damn stadium he was in or much less what town.
But even so, there was still something about the presence of the Weaver voice on the year.
But Zimfer, I mean, you know, it's one thing to be a homer.
But there is a certain level of excitement when the other team scores as opposed to,
it's a damn touchdown.
It's another damn touchdown.
And it's good and that's it.
In fact, let's hear that.
I mean, this is just horrible.
This is awful.
This will officially be a 28 yard field goal.
And Harry Blanchard from the left, Patchmark.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Everybody is all lined up.
Yeah.
The snap is down.
The field goal attempt is up.
And it is good.
That's it.
Wow.
What rejection and dejection?
What a sour pus.
That's it.
Okay. See you guys.
We're all going home.
I mean, I realized it was deflating.
It was devastating, but Jesus, I mean, there was some excitement there,
even if it was negative excitement.
Although I would tell you this, I could do easily the next, the rest of the show on Chris Moore.
Okay.
If there's anybody in America who is worse at what they do, if there's a dentist,
if there's a heart surgeon, I hope to help none of you ever wind up with a goddamn heart surgeon
who does his job like Chris Moore broadcast hockey on a radio.
I heard a little bit Saturday.
They had those 80 million minute ceremony in New Jersey.
And so I didn't think the game was going to ever start.
So I go to the store, I go to the dry cleaner to pick up my panty jacket for last night.
And coming back, sure enough, the game has already started.
And this guy, he doesn't tell you anything.
He's not describing anything.
You hear the fans screaming.
You hear the sound of the skates and the puck into this on the ice.
And you know the game is going on, but he's not telling you anything.
He's given you a song and an answer.
But hey, back when I was up in New Jersey, I picked my nose.
And then all of a sudden, you hear a whistle.
Oh, and it's a two-nothing devil's.
Chris Moore, I'm going to, and then they got that girl on there that Elaine Chevrier.
The worst makes Denise Pothvand sound like Mike Lang, foster you with Danny Galavan, all rolled into one.
That's how bad Elaine is.
Unbelievable.
If I were them at QAM, I'd shut the transmitter off right now.
Do a goddamn public service.
1024, a WIOD.
There's never been anything like a before in your life.
You've got to come up now.
Bring the family.
Charge or pay cash, but you've got to see this thing.
It's in Bob's backyard.
Phil Hendry, 2 to 6 p.m. on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
You were amazed at the alien autopsy performed on the Fox Network.
Well now, forensics comes to Fox Weekly on the autopsy show.
I'm Jonathan Frakes.
And you know, the good-looking guy with the beard from Star Trek, the next generation?
You're right.
Join me on Fox as we actually try to get big ratings by cutting up dead creatures people thought didn't exist on the autopsy show.
Creatures like Bigfoot.
Gentlemen, in my opinion, this is not Bigfoot, but a large teddy bear.
Observe as I push the tummy.
We'll also slice into the Loch Ness Monster.
Aw, you were going to need a bigger table.
And you'll shut her as we do a postmortem on the abominable snowman.
Be careful there after you remove the charcoal eyes and the carrot nose.
You can begin to go after the corn pop pipe and I'll just a little bit of you stick on her.
Fuck yeah.
Don't miss the autopsy show on Fox with me, Jonathan Frakes, because after all, without Star Trek, my career is dead as everything we're going to be cutting up.
That's 28 at W.I.D.
So George has got some on George is a hypochondriac.
I just want the audience to know that he's always sick.
I sit here every day trying to do a show and in between your calls, I'm listening to, oh, I'm puking in my head is spinning and my kishkeys are falling out.
So anyway, he's got what I've diagnosed as a high edal hernia just by hearing about it, which is a pain like in the middle of the pupic.
And you know, that's a high edal hernia.
And he won't go to a doctor. He won't take any male ox or anything good.
And he just sitting there in pain because he enjoys it. He's a masochist and a hypochondriac.
So if you have any old ladies out there who have got a high edal hernia, want to call in and give George off the air, please, some advice.
Call him up and to let him have it, okay? And some advice too.
That'll help. Here's a pompano. Hello.
I'm depressed about what?
Oh, it's the end of it. It's stuck.
About that hurricane game?
Oh, it's a whole weekend started out bad. Noter day one.
Yeah, they deserved to lose that game. And the Pope had to fix in on that one, baby.
They were, they had him right on the hook and they let him wiggle off.
Yeah. And then Stoyanovic, what's he scared that that's on there?
I want to think you're rid of that guy.
Yeah.
He misses every field goal, started out with San Diego and he still can't kick.
When you're talking about, he was great up until toward the end of last year.
He started tailing off and he's finished.
Yeah, now he's done. He's done.
Yeah. And he used to be great, but he sucks now. And I think they should get rid of him.
Right. And the defense sucks and Kirby is the only thing they got other than Marino.
And Danny's out for the year.
Is that a rumor or is that true?
Well, it's a possibility. Let's put it that way.
We'll find out for sure at noon. We got depot was over there at the hospital at the training camp.
He's following him around like stink on Shula.
I saw a man that should top one of the bank buildings. He's ready to sell.
Maybe that's where he was because he was absent there and at the, did you notice on that last call by Zimfer?
He was nowhere to be found.
Rumor is he's on top of a hundred biscuit and tower right now and they're trying to talk him down.
Zimfer got a lot of stuff.
Check out. None.
None. It's either, I mean, you know, you talk about guys being homers, but I mean, you know, when the other team scores,
I mean, give them a little bit of credit. At least it's an exciting point in the game.
You can do it with the tone of your voice. The show that you're not excited.
But just to say, it's good. That's it. We're done. We're out of here. Goodbye.
I mean, what is that? That's not calling a game. That's just being a, a simple thing.
Yeah. How about JB Brown and Troy Vincent? They're coverage, man. Aren't they?
Yeah. What is the story there? They point out that.
How about that terrible buckley? Oh, God. Yeah.
Green Bay got rid of them. Uh-huh. And they got to keep your action and return.
He's playing better than this guy. Is he? Is he showed up? No, either show up. That's what I mean.
Oh, I see. That's a good point.
Oh, the panthers.
The Panthers look pretty good last night. They had some offense. We scored four goals.
Bees are played real good again and. Good turn out of people. No, not good at all. Terrible.
Awful. And it was an exciting game. It was really a shame because you know,
Calgary's a pretty solid team and we beat their pants and, uh, you know, very sad, very, very physical.
A lot of fights, a lot of near fights, a lot of very bruising physical.
This dog McLean, man. He's got me sold in one game. They're going to be all right.
I mean, the fact they went into home against the devil's devil's are, you know, defending Stanley Cup champions.
They got great defense, great cool tending. The only thing about the panthers.
I'm a little nervous. These guys still don't want to shoot the puck, man. They don't want to shoot it.
They're trying to make cute little passing plays. They're trying to be finesse guys, which they're not shooting.
You shoot it toward the net. Good things happen, guys. That's it.
All right. I want to call Jeff, uh, an asshole and, uh, I want to say hi to Pierce.
Okay. Cheer up. Hell cheer up. Okay. Life goes on. It's just a ball game. Okay.
So after you slit your wrist, then say I feel better now.
We have an open line in Broward, five, two, four, W.I.O.D. One on the green line.
Boy, I can remember the old days back when I was a dolphin fan and all you people were dolphin fans.
At least the, you remember the day after the game they'd win.
We'd be cheering playing that dolphin's fight song, you know, but now I got a team like I said,
I can't score in a, uh, Kathy's house.
And I don't even pay much attention to be honest with it because I was at the hockey game.
So luckily I was spared the misery of watching that awful performance by the Patriots last night.
See, you know, while you're all depressed, there's one thing to keep in mind in the,
at least in the Eastern Division of the AFC, who's going to challenge Miami?
Nobody. There's nobody in there. The bills give me a break.
Even a booger, it privately off the air admits that the bills suck.
The Kelly's done. He's finished.
He's got a ball spot bigger than the state of Florida.
So who's going to challenge him in there? Then the only problem is once they get into playoffs.
Uh-oh.
And of course, now that you got side-settled, Kosa are going to be starting his quarterback.
It could be a long rest of the, they've only played the, what, what was that?
The fifth?
Was that the fifth or the sixth game?
I think that was only the fifth game. They're like four and one.
Or is it five and one? Whatever the hell it is, baby, they're in deep due to.
Okay. So like I said, I'd get real depressed.
So we'll have, we're keeping our eye on that marino situation.
Believe you, me, baby.
We are keeping in touch. DeFo is all over it. He's following it.
He's everywhere.
And as soon as there's some definitive, I mean, you know, we can screw out a little bit, but...
We need some help.
Yeah, that's for damn sure. But we'll give you the straight open.
Then we'll make up some good stories too.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Uh-oh. Don't do it, pal.
The guy had four Lauderdales on the edge.
Oh, too late. Another dolphin fan.
Open line and Broward. 5249463.
One on the green line. 1-800.
Here's the North Miami. Hello.
North Miami. Hello?
Yes, sir. Yes. This one.
That's you. Me?
Oh, mine the wrong line.
Oh, Brown County. That's all right.
It's a good city.
Wow, that's close enough. Wherever you are.
You're out of date line. Cooper City.
Like I said, North third date.
Yahoo, town. Okay.
Long time list for first time call.
Great.
I just wanted to make one call in about the game.
Be my guest.
That's fine.
Like I said, he wasn't supposed to get on the air.
We have an open line in date. 751.
Was that Shula?
Oh, that was Gary Stevens.
Nice offense there in a second and a half by the way, Gary.
They really moved that ball profusely up and down the field.
Good time, you know, good killing the clock.
Yeah.
Oh, there's Drew Blets.
So at a boy, Drew, you still look okay, baby.
And at the nice blue and white, you look like crap.
There's another incompletion.
Who the hell dropped that one?
Benny? Benny Coates. It's on the ground.
Well, it took somebody had to make the goddamn Broncos look good.
And let the Patriots be the ones to do it.
Here's a lady in coconut creek. Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I listen to you every day.
Uh-huh.
And I know you hate old people.
Oh, there's a fucker up.
No, I don't hate old people.
What?
I hate that.
Let's face it.
What?
You don't like that.
I don't like who?
I don't like crabby old people.
Oh, wrong adorable.
Listen, may I have that, uh, no way.
We have an open line in Broward, 5249463, one on a green line.
Don't you know I hate old people?
Get out of here, lady.
That's wrong with you.
You say, may I have, that's one of the reasons I don't like a lot of old people is because of you.
You got nothing to say to me.
You just heard I had something for free.
Little women with Winota Ryder.
Oh my God, who now would want that piece of Drek?
And she's calling up.
See, nobody likes a schnorer.
Okay, honey?
Nobody likes a schnorer.
Oh, by the way, who we getting our free lunch from today, George?
Hey, we're having Dennis for lunch today.
I mean, Dennis is coming in for lunch today.
I'm going to give him some hockey tickets and he was there with Frank who's lost a lot of weight.
I had a couple of people come by last night who at the game who were lost some weight on the Echins,
one guy, 20 pounds.
One of the real good things last night.
I shouldn't say this on here because I'll give myself a canary.
But one of the great things that I really enjoyed that game extra lot is that a few people like Scott,
the Gardener guy, he's a good guy.
Beautiful girlfriend, too, by the way, George.
And almost as pretty a Scott is.
All you need to shave that stuff off Scott.
But anyway, there were a few people came by, but it was nice and peaceful.
Oh, man, I didn't have like a whole line of all those groupies and hangers on, bugging a hell out of me.
And it was very enjoyable.
A good time was had by all except of course when ponytail came by with those fingernails.
Don't you understand?
Nobody wants to see that.
Nobody wants to eat food that's prepared by a guy who's got fingernails that look like that.
Okay?
I don't want to give you like any ideas, but if you cleaned up your act a little bit, maybe got a haircut,
maybe got that cramp off your fingernails, maybe look like a real man.
Stop wearing those goddamn awful, oh, what was that thing he was wearing last night?
Should have been illegal.
You probably like triple your business up there at the trough.
But hey, who might I tell you, man?
1036 at WIOD, a very sports depressing weekend.
Thank God for Doug McLean and the Panthers bailing us out one win in town over the weekend.
It was the Panthers and you weren't there to see it and shame on you.
And when we had that game with the Canadians on Wednesday night, those damn Montreal Canadians
and that schlomi, Kloivu or whatever's name is, you damn well better be there.
If we don't have a sellout for those kind of the ends on Wednesday, I'm going to be pithed off.
And Thursday you're going to hear about it.
I'll tell you that right now.
And by the way, Jeff rumor, you know, Mike, you couldn't kiss Mike Lang's,
so anyway, 1037 at WIOD.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOD are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated.
Neon, Goddives!
Bob Packwood may have resigned from the Senate, but you can still see him on TV because
he's gone from C-SPAN to Saturday morning.
If the Bobby would have had his show,
Shakespeare, where have he gone?
He's the host of the town from the Beltway on Down.
The girls are all weak in the knees.
When he fondles and gropes, every girl lives in hope.
And they help me find her, and me.
Oh!
Former Santa Gona Jigel-Low, mile my, what a guy, let's tank off our clothes.
If the Bobby would pack her show, the Bobby would pack her show Saturday mornings on TVS.
1042 at WIOD on a really great Monday, man.
It's just fantastic, very heavy sports, intensive, incredible Yankee Miranter games over the weekend.
And Miranters, when in doubt, they pulled it out.
Randy Johnson showing the balls of an elephant comes in air and pitches on a couple of days rest.
And, you know, they did get that one run on the top of the 12th, but that was just window dressing just to make it more exciting.
But, what a guy, huh? The only problem is now they're going to play Cleveland, Seattle's got no pitching, but they give it a good shot.
Nice going, guys. Get the Yankees out of there.
Oh!
All right. Get that Steinbrenner back where he belongs.
I would love to see him look on his push at the end of that game last night.
I would just love to see that. Here's North Miami. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. How are you?
Great.
Last week I said, I'm going to finally, I always, every once a year, I bet the dolphins with the spread, and I lose my money.
It's like, I try, like a religion with me. I must give them $50 to the bookmaker every year.
They spread it yesterday big.
So, I did it one by one. So, yesterday I went watching the game with a friend, and he has a bet in the game, and it's 24 to 3. It's only a 10 point spread.
I'm going to cover, I'm going to cover, I'm going to cover. There's no chair chair going to cover. I promise you, every time you bet on the dolphins with the spread, you guarantee to lose.
Yeah.
And, for sure enough, they just suck ass. It's horrible. I can't stand them anymore. I want you. I've never really got damn ears. I can't crap.
Right.
And, what's the watch of it anymore? You know what I was looking to with the Patriots? It's the big tease, man.
It's like, it's like a whole bunch of four play, and then when you get to the really heavy duty stuff, every time they never let you down.
With this coach, with this whole coaching staff.
I remember the 70s. I used to love the dolphins.
Not now, man. You got a senile coach. You got these, I mean, the fact that Stevens and Oliver Dottie are still around after all these years of failure.
Why don't we?
Why don't we?
Well, they're not the other team. They change coaches like I change underwear.
Right. But we keep the same.
When you're a guy in and make him do the job, if he doesn't produce, cut his ass.
Oh, disgust.
And the rest of them too.
I'm glad I've entered.
Listen, can I have that tape from our wife?
Sure. No problem.
Thank you.
Hang on. He wants little women.
Well, that's what they all want.
Okay. He's on to take care of our good pies on there.
Okay. Thanks to Tony, the dark nose, Marina, whatever the hell is over there at the arena.
Thanks a lot, Tony, for straightening me on.
See, I'm important over there, God damn it.
Although not important enough for them to fix that seat that was broken.
I had to get thanks to Jeff Moss, for getting that seat fixed there.
So what he grabers little girl didn't have to sit on cement at the game last night.
Talk about hemorrhoid inducing.
Oh, there's Randy Johnson at a boy.
Randy, you're doing it, baby.
He may be lean and mean and ugly, but boy, he sure can whip it.
Can't he? And he can throw that ball a little bit too.
Here's, and boy, everybody's really upset about these.
This wife beating make no mistake about that.
That trial, whatever the hell that guy's name was, what was it?
Kill the cold.
That trial sure raised the consciousness of the public.
And the fact that Irving Spikes was running and carrying and scoring touchdowns.
Nobody's concerned about that. They just want to say, we don't care.
There are guys you say, so go out there and win for me.
We don't care how many of them are going to jail.
Just make sure you give a little reprieve to the game is over.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great.
I just got a face at the top of the top.
They're terrible. I mean, I'm a stealer fan.
They're terrible?
Yeah.
All the stealers. Nice game, by the way, yesterday, pal.
I don't believe a woman, but I got a face with a double fuck.
I hope you didn't see it, did you?
No, I did. I got the RCA satellite, man. But I didn't even want to watch it.
Oh, man. They're at the end of the game.
They had every chance in the world to win that game.
And O'Donnell is like...
Oh, I saw that last moment when the battle...
He wouldn't run.
He wouldn't run.
He's got like ten yards ahead of him, nothing but clear green pasture there.
And he's looking for a receiver, and he's looking, and he finally throws it away.
And the announcers were going nuts like, how could he have done that?
O'Donnell sucks, man.
He does.
Without a quarterback, when you're a new quarterback, when you're rooted back in there,
without that, for sure.
I see. But where do everybody have a favor and get Bradshaw back?
Suit him up and get him off TV, man.
We'd pay a money to get him off the two.
That'd be great.
I am a new England fan, but I think...
A stealer fan and a England fan.
We need a couple years from New England, man.
Yeah.
But I'm a die-hard stealer fan.
And dolphins, I hate the dolphins.
They suck.
Completely suck.
Oh!
Yeah.
The only thing they got on is Bernie Colzer.
Yeah, there you go.
You're a quarterback.
You're a quarterback.
Bernie is it now, baby.
It's his.
It's on his sloped shoulders now.
All right, well, thanks.
Good luck to you, Patrick.
All right, Patrick.
Got three crappy teams.
Dolphins, the Patriots and the Steelers.
Spread it around, pal.
That's the way to do it.
Just like me with those Leafs, eight to three loss
to the Penguin Saturday.
But they look pretty good in the first period.
Four to three.
A lot of goals in the first period.
And then the Leafs, I don't want to go into it.
Okay, we'll be all right.
Open lines, two open lines, indeed.
751 WIOD.
We got one on the Purple Line.
Very sports intensive, which is a good way to get away from...
You know what?
Okay, because enough is enough is enough with that crap already.
Get on with our lives.
Get back to reality, baby.
And let's stop with a kaka.
All is nonsense.
Just remember what Tom Jikus says, man.
TV has got nothing to do with anything.
Okay, it's just a damn TV show.
By the way, speaking of the thing about teenagers gambling in a casino,
you know that in many of the European countries like in France,
there's no legal drinking age.
I don't think in Italy either.
I'm not sure, but I don't think there is.
And like movies are not...
There's no such thing as NC17 and PG.
There are no ratings on movies.
Even the Pope can't arrange it over there in Italy.
Now, how is it that they somehow managed to get through life,
but they're not being brainwashed and manipulated?
And also, you know, not taking responsibility for their own hysteria.
What is that all about?
Well, now, what game is this that we're watching here?
It's the goddamn Red Wings and Olioylers.
Well, hey, listen, every dog gets it's day.
10-40, it says, you're gonna help out there, Georgian.
Any old ladies calling in about your height or herniac?
No, come on, Olioyl, ladies.
Olioyenth is out there.
All you doctors call up Georgian.
He's got a hiatal hernia.
And if you don't watch it, he's gonna be spending on a long hiatus road.
You probably don't live far from hiatus road, right?
One street life.
There you go. What did I tell you? It's an omen.
Dan Reno does have a torn cartage.
He scheduled for surgery this morning and say,
Now what?
The dolphins lose to the colts and lose Dan Reno.
Tonight, the Epo and Jim Mandage was sports talk 610.
Dolphin edition live from Flanagan's at North Miami.
The latest on Reno and the fan.
6-05 tonight on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
Buh!
Miami has the dolphins and my little football team.
They find more ways to blow a game than you have ever seen.
Yes!
The quarterback keeps getting sacked with luck.
They catch the ball.
And if they make the playoffs, they don't show up at all costs.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins, they're right here.
Yes, they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins, they're really good.
Yes, they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Squared, squirt.
Miami dolphins, they're okay.
Boy!
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins, they're really good.
Yes, they're the Miami dolphins.
It's kind of interesting that all these same people
that we're carrying on about, they're going to go into feed it.
They're going to have like, they're going to win a Super Bowl.
And all of a sudden they lose one game.
They stink the joint out.
They blow a big lead.
And they just perform an abomination on the field.
And right away everybody just turns like a worm.
Where's that loyalty?
Where's that spirit?
Where's that, it's gone?
Okay.
Here's the mobile in Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
You know where the loyalty is?
Where is it?
Back in the 70s.
Oh.
Let me tell you something.
Can't live in the past, though, man.
Yeah, but you know the dogs in the old chick this house.
When the dolphins get the zonkers, the warfields, the greasies.
And when those guys got hurt, the second team was stepped in and kicked that.
Real moral, man.
That's right.
Those guys came to play every Sunday.
They were going to, they knew they were going to kick your ass.
Yeah.
Well, I know Earl Moral.
Earl Moral's a friend of mine.
And Bernie Kosa ain't no Earl Moral until they're right now.
I'm saying what you call him the sidewinder?
Side saddle.
Side saddle.
Side saddle.
Yeah.
You imagine everybody's now.
Moral's down.
We're going to lose.
And by the way, now that we know that Kosa is going to be playing next week for sure,
going to be starting, they can't find anybody who's willing to play center for the dolphins
because nobody wants Bernie with their hands under this clutch.
I'm dumbed on you.
Hey, you may have a serious problem.
But you know what, what I don't understand, may have to play the whole game in a shotgun.
And I'm going to use the, uh, the end word, what minute?
Okay.
Maybe going to use the shotgun.
Here we go, Bernie.
I'm going to use the end word.
They got a bunch of half-priced.
Okay, we have an open line today.
It's 751.
Jesus.
Seven, well, he's one of, you know, he's a black guy so we can use that word.
But please, let's calm down.
Let's stop with all these words, okay?
Because after a while it just gets a little bit, I don't give a sh** anymore.
Okay.
Here's Hollywood Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Everything sucks, man.
What do you say that for?
That whole goddamn border is there.
I mean, the Panthers went last night, now you're talking about some real men, even manage
admits that.
Hahaha.
Oh, that was great.
Too bad we couldn't put that on here.
In fact, let's just go ahead and try it once.
Now, why did they show in Wayne Gretzky's scored on the Leafs?
What is that?
Oh, that's it.
If you're going to show the append with zero-way goters, uh, Mario.
Mario is back baby. Look out. Mario is back. Man, oh man, is this guy great. He could play better with one hand tied behind his back than almost anybody else in the history of the game.
Mario, he's dynamite. I hate to admit it because it was my leaf. Stay pounded, but Mario is back. Look out, League. In fact, I can't wait to see when a penguins in the flyer is playing. It's going to be about a 14 to 13 game. Did you see any of that Montreal Philadelphia game? Any of the highlights from that?
Eric Lindross, John LeClair. Oh my God. Now what about the Booger? Are we going to have any at least a phone Andy? We're going to have a phone call from the Booger today or what?
It's very possible. Oh, come on. You got to tell Phil. He's got to get him on the phone. We must have at least a guest appearance by Booger Bell Monday day. The bills are tied with the dolphins now. The dolphins blow a 21 point leading the second half. The Booger must be ready to dance on Danny Boy's grave. I'm telling you.
Here's a mobile in alligator rally. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I have never been a Red Hot Dolphin fan, but what dolphins I have caught has been on television. Not too much Red Hot kind of Lukewarm today. I would say. Yeah. And but a couple of weeks ago, I had the misfortune of listening to the Dolphin game on the radio.
Oh, I'm a Michigan man, but I heard this guy. Man that he sounds like he's gargling razor blades. You jackass. Yeah, he said this is the most beautiful one I've ever heard from him. He referred to something that the defense had done. And he said, what a gorilla effort. The what the hell is that gorilla?
I don't believe it. Yeah. Okay, a lot of that stuff. I don't think Wayne's got a daughter. We have an open line on a green line. One, one, maybe the other son. I don't know. Maybe that's what it is. Get the junior honey. In fact, that is true because I noticed that the Wayne son came into the booth in the middle of the game yesterday. Managed turned around and said grab my junior honey, which I thought was kind of cute. But anyway, let's just applaud.
I'm going to write along. Okay, as soon as we look at that Thursday on ESPN is that the one or one or the douche or the one penguins in the Black Hawks. Yeah, I wish they would quit munking around with it. The ESPN one and two with a penguin games because then they keep black and out KBL on that small dish.
I'm going to tell you small dish people. Okay, as much as I do like the small dish. And if you can't get cable, it's the next best thing to have in a big dish, but having a big dishes where it's at this business of every time somebody far. It's something's blacked out. I don't know. And that the small dish. They're always doing stuff like that. Like back into playoffs.
People that are real hockey fans, even if they don't like the penguins, they want to hear Mike Lang on KBL. They don't want to have to listen to Gary Thorne on ESPN to or some douche bag there. They want to hear the real guy. Okay, and I don't care what you have, Rimmer says, you know, like both campers says, Rimmer, you're better be fup if you want to compete with the big guys.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, Rimmer, you're brilliant.
I love you, and Gary appeared to play one of those things. And she wants to sell my money.
Yes. Yes.
And then it was funny because Rimmer tried to steal that line when Judy Hellscrewd at one goal there that giveaway last 90 says she wants to spank my monkey.
Come on. If you're going to steal lines, at least get him right, Rimmer. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello.
My name is a shot.
Yes, the ball came. They could take the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen. They're not in the air. They're not on the ground. They're never in control.
And when you see Miami, you're talking toilet ball because we're the toilet ball.
Beautiful. I love it. So they everybody wants to go to a bowl. Huh? Oh, that's in college. I'm sorry. So how about this hurricane?
You see, you can you can fake it for so long, even at sex bitch at night. She knows about all those guys, fake in those orgasms. She knows.
Huh? Even it's scored. You've faked it. You're not, you know, that's not for real. But boy, oh boy, this town has been faking it for years. And now all of a sudden the worm is really turning.
Let's find a hurricane fan somewhere out there somewhere, someplace somewhere in America. One the progressive alternative to schlock FM.
10 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D Danny under the night. Good morning at 11 o'clock. I enter a grip at news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D news when you need it.
610 W I O D I'm Andrea Freeman with 610 W I O D's time saber traffic to support a service of preparation age have an accident northbound Palmetto on the entrance ramp to Eastbound Dump and just a few minor delays through there.
Broward County has three separate collisions north on 95 one at 595. The other is sunrise and one at Hillsboro by when he was power line or 441 as an alternate route. If you take hemorrhoid seriously, you need a serious medicine preparation.
Preparation age provides effective relief from hemorrhoidal symptoms and is used more than any other name brand.
Dr. recommended preparation age use only is directed Neil and that's the latest time saber traffic with 610 W I O D.
A good chance for range of 88 for high 78 tonight with more rain in the forecast. It's 80 right now on South Florida.
Next news at noon bulletins at once. I'm Terry Griffith news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
Brackdom
Obracad me to write a theme song for a show. I only did it because she paid me lots of dough.
Here's the truth for all your fans who didn't know. There must be 50 ways to get on Obrough.
You just marry your mom. Get a change of sex. Rex. Earn money by skipping. You'll get on TV.
Oh, have sex with a duck. Eat your own cat's jack. Make your boobs extra large. Marge. You'll get on TV.
I'm not going to sleep.
I'm not going to sleep.
I'm not going to sleep.
I'm not going to sleep.
You go join a cult. And you'll get on TV.
You drugs on the job.
Tell your to pray.
Eat people for 10. And you'll get on TV.
Okay, so you're just discovered that a good soul, a animal really cleaned out that whole problem there with that high it'll hernia.
We have an open line on a green line. Two of us a matter of fact. Look at that. 1-800-944-9463.
1-800-W-I-O-D. What are we going to do now? You know? What are we going to do now that there's no more that whatever that damn thing was that we've been immersed with for nine or 10 months.
And you know, Jacob points out in his column and as usual, time you're so far off based that it's frightening about the Manson trial lasted nine months.
The hillside strangler went on for 23 months. The mic martin trial dragged out for over three years all were in California.
Not on TV. That's right. But of course the fact is none of those became like a public preoccupation.
People didn't become obsessed with it and it went on and whatever happened happened. Okay. Okay.
Anybody got their mic martin family jewelry yet? And there are trinkets from no.
Oh, yeah. There's every kind of we got the ornthal productions now, man. He has any suen. He's suen. Everybody that sold anything with his name on it.
And you're going to collect millions and billions and trillions and you're going to make because hurts the one and back.
But let's not talk about that. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I went to the panthers game last night.
And that's the most exciting game hockey that I've seen in about the 15 or 20 panthers game that I've been to.
Yeah, that was good. And there was a lot of good physical game, a lot of good stuff.
And they were moving the puck up and down the ice. Right. You know, the neutral zone was moving back.
Right. They got rid of that trap. I'm telling you, people that were against the new rules, man, they were dreaming.
Yeah. This is what people want to see. They want some action. It was great. I didn't think these were that great though.
Those goals, the first two goals, I don't know. They're a little bit what do you call them cheesy?
No, I didn't think so. I thought the last one was greasy. That third one. I thought he should have had that.
Yeah. Wow. I got a piece of it. You could hear it. And then it just kind of trickled in.
Yeah. The first time I first time I seen flurry play though.
He's incredible. He's frightening. He is good. And he was, he had the flu.
He wasn't even feeling I could. He's still with dangerous last night. He was great.
Well, listen, I wanted to say was that I was listening to the game on the radio on QAM on Saturday.
I was trying to get it on the TV and I could see it on TV, but I was listening on the radio. That guy stinks.
The worst. He's so bad. There's like three plays going on and he calls one of them. Bad.
Okay, pal. Have a great day. I don't hear him calling any of them. I just hear him rambling about stuff that has nothing to do.
And you know, you're on radio. Chris, you're on a radio. You got a paint of verbal picture. You got to describe what's going on.
You can't talk about some kind of crap that happened in Pasek, New Jersey. Ten years ago in a convenience store when you were buying pickled eggs.
People want to hear a description of the game. Okay. You can't do it. You can't do it.
Can't do it. Man. He can't do it. And at Elaine, Jesus, bring back Moynihan for crying out loud. That's how bad he is. She is. It is open line and powered 5249463 to on a green lines.
1 800 944 W I O D. You know what I said? And last week boy, did we have open lines on his station? No way Jose, man. From Tuesday through Friday, every show on speaking of every show.
345 this afternoon are going to have the official press conference with Shula. And they're going to want to ask you all the MS or as much as they want to tell you about the marino situation.
But, but that's according to Steve Nichol, which makes it dubious. Number one. And number two, it's going to be right in the middle of the Phil Henry show.
Are you sure? Well, that's the point. So if we hear Shula, is it going to be the real Shula or is it going to be that's the only problem there? Okay. You'll have to tune in. Find out for yourselves. 345.
And I wouldn't be surprised that the bookers got now. What are all those tickets you got there? What is that? I think you just handed Georgia 100 paratickets for something. What? Oh, it's a cassette of what?
A blank. Well, you said a blank. Well, back to you. Same thing to you. Here's a parkland. Hello. Yes, sir. Before starting, I think it's only fair to say. I'm a despondent Yankee fan. But what can you say Edgar Martinez is God? He is.
Unbelievable. And it just, you know, the sad part is if any of the other series were still going on, someone in the country wouldn't have seen that game last night. That's right. That was quite a mean. Well, they said it'll never happen again. But in the meantime, they really stuck it to, you know, ABC and NBC with this baseball network, this whole crazy cockamame thing of theirs, the scheduling of these playoffs with this two and three deal, which is totally unfair. And then, of course, the televising just really screwed it up big time. At a time when they're trying to, you know, get interest in baseball back when he had some really great games. And he's
playing off like the Braves and Rockies had some great games. And what do they do? They stick it to the public. You had your like your wild car teams involved in the best series. Absolutely. Rockies. You got to hand it to those Rockies, man. They played the Braves tooth and nail again. Up till that last game, every game was like tooth and nail. They had any kind of bullpen. They might still be playing. Right. I mean, the bullpen forget about the bullpen when you have to bring in Randy Johnson and Jack McDowell. The last game was quite well. They were desperate. Yeah. Anyway, and Randy Johnson is pretty awesome. So. Yes, he is.
A couple of points. Number one, all we heard about was, oh, we got to roll Buckley now. What an excellent addition to our nickel package. Yeah. Well, that's what they're worth now, baby. About a nickel. Canadian nickel, about four cents. He played every bit as well as he did last year with the Packers. Yeah. Nothing, but because the dolphins got him now. He's a superstar. And I know you have the capabilities to dig this out somewhere. You've come sure you've got the cart of the Missfield going San Diego and manage had about as much to say yesterday.
As he did to say for that one, calling the field go that end of the game. The missfield go by. He just he just vanished in the front of the booth. Yeah, this pants and. He's running his mouth. The whole game scream and left and right. And I'm purposely, you know, when we get in there, the game like that, when dolphins are about to tank it, I'll turn out the radio on just to listen to him. And he gets his quiet as a church man. He never hear. In fact, we were driving to the hockey game and listening. And of course, as the culture making at last drive to get the time to touchdown, he kept carrying on. They can't get to
the hard bottom. They can't. They can't touch them. They're almost good. They just can't get him down. It can't touch him. Yeah. It was a beautiful. He was losing it. Tough weekend for my amy fans between the Canes and the dolphins. And I'm reading Jeff. I had some quotes here by Jeff cross. Yeah, talking about how bad Harb I is. Yeah. This guy isn't a John L way or Randall Cunningham. Randall Cunningham. Yeah, Randall Cunningham. We didn't play Rodney Pete played the game for the Eagles yesterday, by the way, and the pulled that that was a good game to man. That was a dynamite game. When it over time, Gus Farad played great for the Redskins.
That was an exciting ball game. Then he's also saying it was one of the worst teams we've faced all year. What teams have they played that are good for them? Excellent points. So what's going to happen when they do play a good quarterback and a good team? They're going to get their ass kicked. Well, they got two tough ones coming up with the jets in the in the same. Yeah, combined one and 10. How does the team that wins the division championship wind up with a with the last place schedule like they did? I don't get it. I mean, they're at New Orleans out the jets. Then they got Buffalo. It should be tough. Yeah, then at San Diego tough game. Then they got New England. Then a real team.
In the 49ers right at the cold and then Atlantic and the city Buffalo saying that they got maybe like two or three real teams on a schedule on your long. The team should go like 13 and three. Right. And I'll end up in another 11 and five and other 10 and six year. Got to love it. Well, they shouldn't know about Buckley. Man, when he already got Bernie Kosa on a team, they shouldn't they didn't need another packer. Have another great day pal. Yeah, we have an open line in powered 524 one on a green line 1 800 and 1113 and W. I. O. D. Kick. Oh, man. Can you imagine if Reno is going to be like out for a
many, many we even arrested the season. There is going to be a wake. Can you imagine the scene tonight for that? Oh, Jesus, that Flanagan's with D. Fowland. I wouldn't be surprised if what's his name? You checked out. Don't show up at Flanagan tonight. I could be wrong, but I wouldn't be surprised.
16 W I O D. An accident waiting to happen. Hi, this is Randy West and they don't come any better than me or Neil Rogers.
Squared, squirt. Hey, it's so beautiful day in my neighborhood. We sleep until two in my neighborhood. Could you be my, well, you be my neighbor.
Hello boys and girls welcome to my stupid neighborhood. I'm Keith and I'm so glad you could join me today.
I didn't bring any cigarettes with you. I'm here. Let's see what we've got in store for you little bastards today, shall we?
All right. We'll be checking with my record label and see what the f*** keep in the latest wall to check.
Oh, I'm sorry, Keith. I guess I used to nasty word, didn't I? I saw right. Nothing your mum and dad don't say all the time, eh?
Oh, I see from the calendar on the wall, it's transfusion day. That means a nice folks from the American rear cross will be stopping by with their lovely bloodmobile.
Oh, perhaps it's him now. Let's go and see, shall we? Oh, what a surprise. It's Marcaria friend from Amsterdam, Mr McNeely.
I don't miss him, McNeely. What kind of special treat have you got for us today?
I got your English ship and what the hell do you think I got you freak? And this time they won't pay me a fool before I let you have the package.
Oh, well, Keith, he looks like we're just about to have time on the old show. We'll see which is your knees and stuff a little eye opener if you're kitchen mind-meaning.
We sure to join tomorrow when we'll take a trip to the shopping mall to pick up some new spoons. Well, that'll be fun.
Mr. Richards neighborhood has made possible through a grant from the American Pharmacological Society and the Center for toxicity research.
Stay tuned next for us, Sesame Street Fight Man on PBS.
1119 to W.Y.O.D. to Purple on 18 T. Wireless's weight 9-year pound I.O.D. let's do Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir.
Yeah, a couple points. First of all, I take the game on the cab driver and I had Neil and I had, I had Harbour and I had Emton and my cab last year.
Colts blew us away two years ago. We had a three-man rush. We got six great linemen sitting on the bench, three of them sitting now. Why don't we play him? Why do we hire him for?
Because he asked to play, we don't play him? No, they can want to give him a fighting chance.
Yeah, but Edmund had the best play of the day. I mean, where did Shula start? Where were his origins in the NFL? Yeah, I know.
That's right. The great days with the Colts, Johnny, you, the whole gang there, you know. Right. He's afraid of burst Colts or his son. Right.
You know, get rid of them. You know, people are forgetting, I guess, they got a short memory. But man, they were lucky in hell to pull that baby out last week.
They damn near lost to the Bengals who lost to Tampa Bay yesterday. That's right. You know what the irony is? Jimmy Johnson before the game was talking about how firing field goal kickers.
Shulable fires to be out of it. No, of course not. No, they have to be. Why don't they play it? I can't believe. Well, he's waiting for the steroids shipment to come in. He can barely stand up at this point.
Oh, I'll leave. Thank you. Okay, pal. Good luck. You'll need it. There's again another lot of disgruntled people here today in town. And this is the place man.
You came to the right place. Get it off your chest. Let's have an outpouring. Just get it out of your system. There are people who are so apple-plectic that they can barely speak. They're just, they're, they're pithed off. Okay. They're disgusted. They've again had that thing dangled in front of their nose. And at the last minute, somebody
acted away again. Just when they thought that we're going to grab it and cherish it and squeeze it and funnel it. It's gone. Here's a Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. All right. One second here. Times up. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. What day? I'm going to get here. You go. Oh, you doing some business there? Is that it? Yes. Okay. Tell them to bug off. Okay. Come just leave you the money and get out. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, pal. Hello.
Yes. Okay. Do you hear about that marijuana smoking president we got? But he said he didn't inhale. Yeah. Well, they also asked me about homosexuality. Yeah. We have an open line in Broward 524. That was really great. Wasn't that? Oh, that was excellent. Okay. I hope that guy brings it back. Whatever you just sold them. Okay. But it's counterfeit. Let's go to a mobile in candle. Hello. Hey, Uncle, how you doing, buddy? Okay, pal. Good. I just wanted to say I am so happy to see that Miami Hurricanes, the, the cut rate team people, they are getting.
They're asking for finally now that I learned the meaning of humility. Perhaps. Yeah, Brian Cox, man, these guys have been talking a big game. They've been opening up a big mouth. And they were pissed off. They didn't play all that good against the bangles. They were going to show everybody yesterday. And you know the thing that they did. I don't know where everybody surprised because one of the trademarks because I saw it for five years as a season ticket holder up till this year when I learned my lesson. But for five years, I went out there and a one thing I discovered is they
play like maybe two good quarters or some games, even three, but they almost never play an entire four quarters of a football game. Yeah. And so after three quarters yesterday, in fact, after the first half, that's it. Baby, we're done. We're finished. See you. Yeah. And of course, you know, I hate to use the old well. Here we go again, but look at the last two games with the dolphins. It's going to the same old garbage. Yeah. And now one of the thing, but one of the things that I like about you is your, your very subjective one, you know, when you have your opinions and you, you look up both sides.
But that, what's his name that Kim Bo camper? Yeah. Talk about an ask kisser. He should have a statue made right alongside Ross Perola and Larry King and Manditch and now what's his name? Who's asked is he kissing out because I noticed that he left his finger? He was kissing Wayne's ass. Yeah. About what?
Well, sometime ago, but Kim Bo camper is a major major bonehead and by the way, Kim, you left your giant economy size chapstick in the studio. I mean, what a pinhead. But anyways, have a good one. Okay, back to your pile. Yeah.
Open line and days have a boy there hostile today, man. They are pissed off. They're upset. God damn it.
Yeah, look, I, you know, I, there were so many other games when you got the dish, you know, and I'm watching the really good games. They were exciting games and some interesting stuff and an Oakland Seattle game was kind of interesting early anyway.
And what was the point even watching anymore? The dolphins had them put away. It was no, I was like playing a goddamn high school team like a high school girls volleyball team against an NFL team trying to play football. You know what I'm saying?
It was a joke. Why even in all of a sudden, man, it just, I guess they got that same idea. Okay, let's you out. Just go out there. Coast not make any bad mistakes. Just coast their way through.
Go into that famous prevent defense and just let him march on down the field relentlessly over and over again because it's in the bag. It's in the back. Squeeze that bag couple of times. See if it's still in there, Don. His bag is just like the one ahead of that trial. Whatever that trial was all about. It was empty.
At night, there's passion on 610 W I O D. In my first wife, there'd be no breakfast and no cookie. That was strictly not possible. The second wife, you could have a
cookie or you could have breakfast, but you didn't get both. Okay. And the third one was if there wasn't a cookie, there was no breakfast.
For fashion films, with air in summers, Monday through Saturday, 8pm till midnight, a news talk and entertainment radio, 610 W I O D.
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
He likes to set on colored people. He likes to bring on colored people. All the Superman, driving to Brentwood at night with a glove in his bag. His evidence bag, wins at the Bronco.
But there's no window to leave a truck somewhere far. A soldier on the door, all the Sir Mark Frenner, where did the blood come from? All the Sir Mark Frenner, he dropped the bloody clothes.
The rules, some synopsis, and a quaint toe, back from a burger in fries and rest to rot near. A nois in the rear, all James napping, dropping his socks near the bed, but there's somebody there.
Clotting somewhere, by the Sir Mark Frenner, come, what did the blood come from? All the Sir Mark Frenner, come, it's all the bloody clothes.
1128 at W I D. There's a rumor, not only rumors about Marino, but rumors about Vogueur Belmonte, who may be a pop it up this afternoon. I wouldn't be surprised after that press conference at 345 if the Bougare. He may actually intervene in that press car. He may like interject a couple of comments here and there when it's all over. Have some real hostile. Hey, listen, you're ready for it. You're used to what you deserve it. Here's Del Ray Beach. Hello. Hey Newell, my own. Yes, sir. Well, a couple of things. If I eat them all.
A little louder, please. I can barely hear you. If you don't mind a couple of things. Okay. Number one, the dolphins was. Yes. Who was it? Number two, the panther was one. Yeah. Number three, I think that can't hear you. You're like faden man. Am I facing?
I think I'm speaking to that thing with little holes in it. Yes. Okay. But you know, the whole point about it is that what's the point? The point is that we hit a great weekend this weekend. The dolphins was the panthers one. Right. And you don't hear me complaining. I know that. I'm on top of the road, man. Huh? I know you're a big hockey fan. That's right. I'm ecstatic. Well, they they fought the Saturday, but Sunday looks good.
So, you know, it's a take back. But number one, you're got to and. Hey, how would the post? All right. Okay. Thanks for covering all the bases, pal. There we did it better than King Griffey, Jr. Get the junior, honey.
We have an open line on the green line, one eight hundred nine, four. So there's another guy. I guess he and I are the only guys in town to write pissed off. What are you upset about? Michigan got beat. That's really good. You jacked ass.
Loser. Oh, can you imagine? I think Rick was right about that. Oh, that that must be that must be what did it? Not only is Michigan loose to a girl school north western. I know they're foreign one, but let's get serious. Not only is this the at home, no less in an arbor. I know it's only a goddamn college football game, but I don't want to get beat by Northwestern in an arbor. But then the dolphins blow that lead yesterday. I think managed maybe on the roof. In fact, if you drive by your Robbie Stadium, if you're on the turnpike right now and see a man getting ready to jump.
From that giant electronic scoreboard, that could be the mad dog right now, baby. Don't do it, Jim. Don't do it. We need you to plan against tonight. Then you can do it. Here's the West Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Well, I just like to say about the dolphins game. Yes, sir. I think the dolphins proved in the first half. They could pretty much go out and run and pass and pretty much move the ball, move the chains on just about anybody. Yeah. Were they playing a good team? Well,
they were playing a pretty decent defense. Okay. Okay, but I think the problem with the Miami Dolphins is the fact that Don Schule does seem to want to hurt anybody's feelings by running up the score. Yeah. If he would just get off of that kick, man, the heck with this, you know, we need some help. We're not we're not floored to state, you know, we're not going to blow people off the field, you know, but if we have the opportunity to do that, we need to do exactly that so that the cults aren't sitting on the other sidelines saying to themselves, hey, man, we can do it.
We can get back into this thing. You know, instead they're going to be sitting there saying, hey, man, we are done. But did you ever really believe when it was 24 to three and when the Colts were totally impotent? I mean, they couldn't move the ball at all. Did you really believe at that point? They had a chance to get back in that game. Absolutely not. Absolutely. And they didn't have a chance until Tom Oliver Donney puts in. I didn't believe they had a chance to let put that prevents deep defense out there and give an opportunity to, you know, just keep marching down the field showing up those gigantic chunks of yardage. Right. I didn't believe they had a chance because
of my Amy's defense. I thought they were a lot better than they were. I still believe they are. I believe Tim Harbaugh. Yeah, but wait a minute. Look at how that poor kid Blake ripped apart for the Bengals ripped apart that second. They realized week three touchdown passes. Well, I give Blake more credit than Harbaugh. He's a better quarterback. I agree with your Harbaugh's things to joy. I've got a zone. He let himself on fire yesterday. Yeah, a lot of people would have cured to see that, but it all started when they were sitting on the sideline just before halftime. And you know, okay, we, you know, we're not out of this yet.
You know what else must have really frosted Mandage? You know where Harbaugh went to school, don't you? Michigan. Okay, pal. He's speechless. We have an open line in day 751. So here's a University of Michigan graduate Jim Harbaugh, stuck with the beers, stinks the joint out with the colts, keeps a vying for the job with a kid with a pimpley face Craig Erickson. And this kid, all of a sudden goes out there. And in a fourth quarter, especially in the overtime, they made him look like
Bob Greasy, Dan Marino, Joe Montana, YA Tittle, Otto Graham, all rolled up into one. And through in Norm Van Brockland, just and sunny, now sunny Jrgen said, I think that's Bernie. Bernie wants to be sunny Jrgen. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing? You I'm doing great. I'm going to make it very short about the dolphins. I am sick of them. The situation is they can basically play against anyone. I mean, they proved that in the first quarter and the second quarter. Yeah.
What happened is they have a total lack of discipline, a mental discipline. They have a mental problem. Yeah, they keep up. They just give up. They figure they know what they're doing. We don't have nothing to worry about. Yeah. I'm just going bunkers right now because I'm a season ticket holder. And I just can't take it anymore. Yeah. Every year is the same thing. They look good. They have great players most of the time. They what the hell happened? Yeah. Good bye. Okay. Good bye.
Two open lines in date. I like this. This is a good Monday morning catharsis baby. This is just like the old times. Only this is even better. Used to be if the dolphins lost, you know, a rough game.
Come in Monday morning and everybody was just mom. They were just silent. But this was above and beyond the usual. In other words, this was not a loss. This was an enormous blow job. I mean, this was phenomenal. This was unspeakable, unthinkable. You just can't even describe it.
And guess what Wayne did actually show his push like I said before he must have had the limo zip him right over from the stadium after that heart breaking laws to the arena. He was there for the Panther game. Everybody stayed the hell away from my notice, which is a good idea. And we pulled one out for him. There you go Wayne. That's this for you, baby.
So I'm going to be the first guy to say to Doug McLean our new Panther coach. Nice going, baby. We had some offense there. We got 25 shots on the net, which sure beats the 17 against the devils that they before.
We were physical and tough and they went out there and if they just learn to shoot the puck a little bit more, this team's going to score some goals and win some games. Right? Right.
So welcome to Miami, Doug. We just, oh, and then of course in the back of your mind, you know, you keep thinking about, oh, is this going to be our last season? Wouldn't that be depressing? Wouldn't that be like suicide inducing? But in the meantime, let's enjoy it while we can. Let's go out there for that game with a Canadian's with the frogs on Wednesday and fill out arena up. I'm telling you right now.
Because that crowd last night, okay, let's make the excuse to do offense played on the same day. It went long away. Over time, people were depressed. Okay.
But Wednesday, there'll be no excuses. Okay. Let's find out if these people in this town really give a crap about something good or they're just a bunch of phonies waiting for whatever they're waiting for. I don't know what it is. What are they waiting for?
But now, can we find out who the next hurricane opponent is even though this is no longer your hurricane station? We find out who they're playing in the next game.
I am just dying to find out the next hurricane home game.
Which girl school they have on the way is it gambling? Is it like Southern Mississippi Tech Vocational School for the deaf? I'm in. Is that going to be it? What school is it going to be?
Because man, you'll be able to buy I would be surprised if you can park like right up by the gate. You'll have your own personal parking space VIP. If you show up for the hurricane game, you'll be able to sit right in the up right on a 50 R line right in the front. Not way up top. Anywhere you want on a 50. Okay. Either side whichever one you like best, depending on which way the sun is shining.
This is the show of the tomorrow with new rares. This is the celebration.
Do you want to ask?
It was a terrifying time. It was horrible.
All right, are we ready to order? I've got this section Martin. No, no, this is my table. Rango, bus boy. He's in section three and that's my section.
Oh yeah. Now show me some moves everywhere. Weed our world. Okay, Mr. Comster, let's see your bill comes to $2 million. Oh, that's true. A lot of money just for water. Weed our world.
Salad dressings? Sure, I have them tattooed on my back. There, read them yourself. Weed our world. Okay, would you like it smokers or non-smokers section? Now it's cinemas everywhere. Please wait to be seated.
21 till noon at W.M.D. By the way, there's another rumor floating around that Danny Boy is all finished. We'll announce his retirement at 345 with Coach Shula and it's been hired as the new host on Passion Bowl.
Here's a call from San Diego. Hello. Yes, hi. Yes, sir. My name is Andre. Yes, Andre. I'm from San Diego. Yeah, and I'm a first time call us. I don't know how your four minutes set up or what. Then how could you be calling the show, Andre? I mean, what's the story you from here?
No, no, I'm from San Diego. I'm calling all this and what happened was yesterday after the game because I go look at the old dolphin games after what came the dolphins played yesterday. Yeah, well, okay, basically, I call information to get your number. I didn't know how to set up was what, but I wanted to talk to someone because I know a pair. We have an extra support station up here where I can listen to. Yeah, the reason I'm calling I'm so disgusted. I'm a long time dolphin fan. I'm from Key West Florida. Oh, I see. Right. And I just have to
call them in my first. You're from Key West originally. Yes. Yeah, but I'm calling from San Diego out of there. Huh? Do you want to play in or what? Yeah, long time ago. Okay, I believe you. Okay. Okay. So basically, I just wanted to talk about a couple things. Okay, go right ahead, pal. Get out of your system. Thank you. You know, from coast to coast, they're talking about the dolphins today. That's great. Right. I'm going to have it, man. Rip him an ass. I can't wait. November. Fear. Well, wait a minute. If you're in San Diego, you don't you're not aware of the fact that Dan Marino as an injured knee now. Are you? No,
that's me. Yes, sir. And they may have to do arthroscopic knee surgery and they're having a press conference coach. You'll have 345 this afternoon. And he's going to be missing at least a couple of ball games, probably more than that. And it could be a serious thing. Oh, wow. How do you like that? So side saddle co-s are is now the dolphin quarterback for the foreseeable future. Oh, great. But anyway, go ahead. I just I don't want to build up your confidence, but go ahead. Okay. Well, basically, I'm I'm tired of the team as far as they don't play for. I just got through San Diego.
They've been doing that for years. Many go out there play maybe two real good quarters. Sometimes even once in a while, three, but they never played entire 60 minutes of football. Never in years. I know. I told a friend of mine that say, you know what? I mean, they got to get to this first half. Sure, they look good. But look good. They looked invincible. Man, they were going through them like water through a sieve. They don't have the killer instincts. Yeah, they put teams away. Another thing. I mean, the defense still seems to say in the media. Don't put any fresh pressure on quarterback. This guy taught the harbor. Just like harbor on Tom's. They all Chicago.
Retreats. They look like they look all like all men. They look like damn marino. Right. You know, and then story bitch. I mean, God, I love the guy, but I mean, I was at that playoff game. Last year in San Diego. And then when he missed that wide right, I just dropped my head. Yeah, you know, I mean, and now this, I mean, I think I think that's what started it. I think that was the one that really put him over the top to start missing even a chip shot ones now. Right. He's got the courage to do it now. I mean, so what will we go from here? I mean, is something mentally physically wrong with the guy or what? Would soil. Yeah.
I think I think he's hanging out with a coach too much. Too many showers with the coach. Oh, it's rubbing off. Yeah, well anyway, so I just it was just a couple things I want to talk to because I mean, I tell you what, we've got a lot of golf fans out here. Strong number. Yeah, check this out. I don't know if you've got this tip, but I was written in the San Diego Union. They said that five of the golf and wives involved with a what a woman after the playoff game last year beat the crap out of a alleged right? Yeah, and supposedly the hearings on November 21st. I hear. Yeah. So that's a little tip.
I'm going to bid for you. Listen, but we don't have to worry about it because by the end of the season, all the players and her wives will be in jail anyway. So don't make any different. You won't have to worry about it. Well, here, thanks for let me call and talk to you. All right, Andre. Have a great life. Thank you. See, I call from San Diego. We're making it big news from coast to coast with our Miami Dolphin. I mean, you're Miami dolphins. How do you like that? Man, it's kind of a frightening thing isn't that to think we're getting a call from as far away as San Diego. I should have sent him that that guy on a trip somewhere. Oh, no, not this again.
Don't do it. The Buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land. Everybody thinks that great. The Buffalo Bill. So just sing along. When you say my amy, when you say Buffalo, and near the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills,
the greatest team in the history of the human race. The Buffalo Bills. The greatest in the land. Since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go. And your jazz up that redneck stuff. Delicited at Banjo. Holy sweet God, listen and ask. When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill fans? Here we go. You jacked out. Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is more than I can say for this scum,
and they're at the greatest. Because I believe like that uniforms, they sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet. Cause stand up Buffalo whole bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life, they ought to Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills. The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the league. Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, let us Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish? Yes, that's the Buffalo Bill fight. All right.
Love him 45 at WIOD. We're getting calls from all around the world, baby. Friend, this guy didn't even know that Danny Boy was, you know, in that he's hurting for certain.
Here's, now come on. You got to be pulling my leg on this. The call from Atlanta. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. We're not in Atlanta. We're south of Atlanta. We just don't have enough money to live up there. Are you in planes? No, we've been down to planes. It's very common. Yeah, but anyway, we miss you. We've been gone three years from Miami. Just like Jimmy Carter's family. We all common.
Yeah, well, we're longtime listeners. Great. I got somebody else on the line. Matthew wants to talk to you. Matthew there. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I can't get enough of you. Neil and I, we had to sit on hold and listen to you here. We're junkies. Yeah, he's had a call from San Diego from a guy crying about the rotten scum sucking fish. Do you hear that? Yeah, we heard him incredible. He heard him, but he's up brother early. Well, I guess it's not that early. Neil. Yeah, can you just tell? Were you at the game yesterday? No, I was not. Oh, good for you. I'm I was at the pan.
Panthers game last night. We won four three over calorie. Maybe we got one team in his time. I got a hockey team. Now you're talking. Well, I got I got run. I know. Yeah, just one question. Yeah, bad as they rag on the hurricanes of the dolphins. We don't get any of that. Can I can I just tell you this? Yeah, the hurricanes might as well not exist. But they are playing in my story. The nicer boys out there now, right? Oh, yeah, real nice. Okay. That's right. Gentlemen, good luck to pal. Okay, guys. So the next hurricane opponent.
By the way, I'm glad he reminded me because it's so easy to forget about them these days is Rutgers Rutgers. Another girl school at 730 Saturday night. Now if you want your own personal section at the orange bull, maybe I think no problem at all. They'll pay you 25 bucks. Give you all the free beer you want. If you just promised to show up there, they'll give you a VIP parking spot right by the front gate. They'll give you a per and in fact, if you don't want to drive, they'll even pick you up in a limo and bring you to the orange bull. Okay. Just so we have a few bodies out there.
And see just how much support that that program has got. It's amazing. See if you just wait long enough sooner or later, they show their true goddamn colors. We have an open line in Broward on a blue line. By the way, that's our color 524. We're blue. We're black. We're blue. We're the dolphins 5249463. It's 1147 at W I O D. Dan Reno does have a torn cartage. He scheduled for surgery this morning. And so now what? The dolphins lose to the colts and lose Dan Marie.
Dan Reno tonight. People in Jim Manage was sports talk 610 dolphin edition live from Flanagan's at North Miami. The latest on Marino and the fans. 605 tonight on news talk at entertainment radio. 610 W I O D. Dan Schuhler. I. Love him 49 at W I O D. Here's the facts from Patty. You says thanks for the Panther tickets had a great time last night. Nice go on Patty. Here's one that says the three stoo just caused it all things to lose. They're just just blows brown.
Terrible Buckley and the brain stem. When the mad dog and Schuhler were showering after the game, Manage pated the brainless wonder on the ass and said yes, yes. Pretty weak. And here's one. This is a repeat of a column that was in a Wall Street Journal Friday, August 25th of this year, which I alluded to way back then when it came out. And here's somebody reminds me in big games. Count on Schuhler dropped of all is the headline. And it's got right in the Wall Street Journal. It's got a whole big thing on it. Open line and day. It's 75.
9463. Here's Hollywood. Hello more shocking than the OJ verdict. Yes, the dolphins. They lose Dan Marina. I feel bad for Danny. Yeah. I hear that. Oh good. I'm not for flying for George. Get him fast. You know who that is. Open line and day. It's 7519463 75 what happened to him? He disappeared. That was Woody. That was our good friend. So I guess we'll have to register. So how are we going to do that? How what do we do now?
I guess we would do it again at one. Okay, whenever open line at Broward, five to well, I tried five to four nine four six three. I was trying to get him out of town. Let's go to sunrise. Wait a minute. Here it is. Hello. Yes. Yes, I am. Yeah, what's this about? Marino getting me surgery? Did he spray his knee? Did he spray his knee? He's got a tear possibly. They don't know. They did they did the MRI last night. Yes. And he's got they don't know just how extensive.
It is whether it's torn cartilage, whether it's that they don't know. So we're going to find out allegedly a new never going to find out. But now Shula's got a press conference at three forty five on the Phil Henry show on the Phil Henry show. All right. So it'll be up. It'll be up to you to find out whether it's the real Shula or you know, you know, I'm saying. This is for real. Huh? It's only one down. That's for damn sure. Okay, pal. See you. Bye. Open line in Broward, five to four nine four six three five two four W. I would do. There's only one Don.
Shula. Maybe make no mistake about that. Right? I mean, we know we exactly. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Good morning. Neil. When is this? Let's drop this conversation about the dolphin dropping the soap again. Okay. Yeah. Let's put yours and talk about something a little more important. And what could that be, sir? Gambling in South Florida. Oh, don't let the sun send on here. You say this. They might be tracing the call. Yeah, you never know. There's now they're talking about it. Want to do the state and what's what's great is there's like five acres,
four, five acres, five acres, five acres. Thank you. There's a lot of other spot like Corp. A coconut creek in North Broward. That's owned by the Indian. Yeah. They want to put in a gambling. Kaseena right there. I'm all for the Indians, baby. I'm ready for it. Yup. I was at the meeting. They had the city commissioner's meeting and the city commissioner's the coconut creek. Yeah. Let's do it. Let's get going. So this is the year. If the voters won't do it, the state will right. Right. I think that's a bad thing. I could have it. Okay.
Okay, you got 18 acres.
Gonna bring it to the casino.
Yep, we're gonna have an age for smoking.
We got an age for drinking.
We had a good age for gambling.
We have to have an age for touching yourself.
We have an age for touching somebody else.
And guess what?
It's not doing any good.
That's the sad part.
But boy, we sure got a lot of laws,
a lot of restrictions, a lot of repression,
and it ain't doing any good.
What a surprise.
We have an open line on the green line.
1-800-949-463.
I wonder how come Woody wouldn't hold on there.
And whoever was in Bokka also didn't hold on.
He must have caught it from him.
Here's Bokka online, purple line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great. How about you, pal?
All right.
Everyone's talking about the dolphins.
What's up with those tanters?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was at that opening last night.
I had a great opening.
Thanks, sonil.
I thought the game was great.
I thought the crowd was pathetic.
Come on, Neil.
It took him a long time to set all those laser lights
and getting enjoy that.
Did you hear what I just said?
I said, I thought the game was great.
The game was great.
Everything was great.
And the crowd was pathetic, is what I just said.
What do the laser lights have to do with the size of the crowd?
Look at that.
I thought it was...
It's a game.
It was great.
I just got through saying it was great.
You said the game was great.
I said, yeah, I said everything was great, except you used suck.
We have an open line on the purple line.
Pound IOD.
Don't ever come back to one of our games, pal.
OK, probably a freebie.
And one on a green line.
1-800-944-9463.
If you're in Boko, West Palm, one of those places up there.
One of those really fancy, fancy places.
We're all day at Rednecks, Hobnob, with the old folks.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm just two comments on the dolphins.
I think you're going to do good with co-zars
because maybe they'll stick to the running game.
Yeah.
And the Panthers set the game last night.
Great game.
Yes it was.
Just two things I think they need to do.
Yeah.
Get a little more aggressive on defense.
Start checking a little more.
A couple of times the players just walked right down
to the ice towards the hole.
Yeah, that one time on Flurry Squad, man,
there was nobody near him.
He was almost like a penalty shot.
Nobody near him.
Exactly.
All by himself.
And another thing is all the cute little passes.
Just shoot the puck.
Exactly.
Here's the guy that knows the game, baby.
Quit trying to be finesse and fancy
when you've got a bunch of young struggling players
who are trying to make the grade.
Don't try to be a goddamn Adam Oates and Mirio Lemieux.
Just shoot the puck at the net.
And when you do that, good things often happen.
Exactly.
They could have had another 10 shots on goal.
Maybe a couple more goals scored.
There you go.
All right, thanks.
Okay, pal.
Have a great life.
Open line in day, 7, 5, 1.
I see Dennis and Tiffany are here
for a little breakfast at Tiffany's.
And guess when you find out who you're getting lunch from,
we're catering lunch for our friends here today.
Did you bring any dyes, y'all for them or what?
Oh yeah, George has got a lot of mailbox.
Ponytail's gonna come by with some good stuff.
He said he enjoyed seeing you last night.
Dennis, he wants a date.
We have an open line on a green line, 1-800-944-9463.
And wait till he sees what I got in here.
You're really gonna flip out.
Take a look at this.
Oh, he don't want to look at it.
Here's the Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
What a wonderful weekend.
Pompano opened up.
Pompano was great Friday night.
We didn't lose too much money.
We had a good time.
The place looks great.
It was dynamite.
I didn't get to go to Pompano.
I went to the Palm Beach County Club to bet,
but I still made a donation.
Good for you.
And Pance is a good last night,
but the guy you got ahead of right, they got a shoot for.
Yeah.
They got a shoot for.
Stop trying to be so cute.
You know what I'm saying?
And what in three weeks hold on to your hat.
The hurricane plays a temple, owls in three weeks.
Oh, all right.
What do you think there'll be 100 people there?
I think the hurricanes are gonna spend most of their time
in temple if you ask me.
I found out where Jim Manditch is.
Yeah.
He wasn't found Gary Moore.
They're having a drink, I think.
Okay.
And one more thing.
Maybe after that open ring,
maybe Dennis Erickson can join him.
What is it?
November 4th, Michigan goes to Michigan State.
All right.
I'll be on the bank.
I think we'll be back then.
Okay.
All right.
Good luck to us, pal.
We need it.
Okay.
Say how to judge Perla's.
Okay.
He's a slob.
We have two open lines on the green lines.
1-800-904-49463-1800-9044-W-I-O-D.
You got it?
Are you following it or what?
I don't think they can follow it up there.
Just take a look at it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Here an asshole.
Okay.
Thanks for the bullet, man.
Open line.
That was, you hear that?
It's Shula doing a voice.
Shula doing a voice.
You know, don't take it out on me, man.
I'm not the one that wounded Danny Boyzni yesterday.
You know, one thing I'll say, I hate him, Kelly.
I really do.
I despise him.
But he took a hit yesterday, man, and at second quarter
near the end of the half.
And just about knocked his ass out again, and he was like
woozy and couldn't get up off the ground.
And he comes back out there, man.
He just does it.
No complaining.
No belly.
Can he just stands up there?
Of course, he couldn't throw the ball worth a cramp even
when he wasn't hurt.
But nevertheless, he just shows up.
But some guys, I don't want to mention every names, but every
time somebody breathes on him, heavy, because they're so
used to that great offensive line of getting that great
protection, anytime somebody runs by, we'll close
and breathes on him.
Oh, I veys.
He's finished, man.
He's out.
I don't want to mention any names.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Oh, boy, I'm emotional today, Neil.
About what?
About this game.
I can't get over it.
What game is that?
The Panther game?
No.
Oh.
The Hurricane game?
The big D.
No, I tell you.
I'm not an ex-exas and no kind of guy with football.
But when you see the quarterback, Harbaugh,
being flushed out of the pocket all the time,
to run it for first time.
Yeah.
Can't you leave somebody back on the line
to put their finger in the dike that's leaking?
I mean, I can understand it.
Yeah.
They need me to re-nother yesterday.
I tell you, at halftime, I was ordering pizza,
making super bowl arrangements, and just waiting
for the big day to come, at least looking ahead to San
Francisco.
And then my wife starts, she's a complainer.
Once the dolphin starts to blow it.
To blow it.
I mean, she doesn't expect a team to complete a pass.
That's my wife.
I have a hard time with her.
Sometimes I should have married a jet span for a career.
Yeah.
But then he came.
Well, that's because she went out with you years ago.
And did she expect anybody to complete a pass?
I understand.
But anyway, I said, hey, don't worry.
I said, defense might bend, but they won't break.
Yeah.
They break a little bit.
And I said, don't worry, the marino, he's going to still
march him down the field.
We'll get the touchdown.
Right.
Well, he can't.
But don't worry.
Start of it.
Stoyle kicker right through.
There it's a chip shot.
He's a kicker through the top.
He's a kick.
I mean, so we've got into overtime.
And my son is even taller.
Don't worry, my little wind.
In fact, I talked him to the betting of allowance
that they would still win the game.
And he's 50 today.
So, roughing your kid, man.
Not the way things ought to be.
The way things are.
610 W I O D by Emmy Ford Lauderdale.
News, talk, and entertainment radio.
