W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-C-K-S.
News talk at Entertainment Radio 610, W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 W-I-O-D in date, 524 W-I-O-D in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944 W-I-O-D.
And so you know one customer can call Pound I-O-D at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk at Entertainment Radio 610, W-I-O-D.
We're looking at 10 inches.
It just keeps getting bigger.
Despite his age, Bob Dole would give anything to become president of the United States.
But first, he needs your financial help.
That's why the Franklin Mint is proud to present the Bob Dole commemorative plate collection.
Yes, this priceless set of collectors plates can be yours, simply by making a campaign donation.
First, we'll send you a zapper plate. Then, his lower plate.
And if you act now, we'll even send you the plate in his head, absolutely free.
No, this isn't some cheap imitation rip-off, is actually quite expensive.
So take your time. These babies will be here for quite a while.
It's the Bob Dole commemorative plate collection, available now from the Franklin Mint.
Cash-only, please.
Okay, 1006 at W-I-O-D. Happy Wednesday, Tue.
This is the law before the storm. And guess what? I don't think Jackie or anybody else is going to find those four to 10 inches.
Because I'm doing right now one of my favorite hobbies in the world, and that's watching the weather channel.
You know, this is one of those things. When a weather channel first came on cable years ago, I said,
this is the dumbest goddamn thing I've ever heard of in my life.
Oh, channel that's going to be doing the weather 24 hours a day. Who the hell is going to watch that?
And of course, every time we get another tropical storm, we get a number 11, a depression, a number this,
one with a name, one without a name, one with a cute name, one with an ugly name, a Felix pot fan, Felix DeKat.
And all of you start going back to the guy at the weather channel.
Because first of all, you don't have to see Brian Orkross, which makes it worth the price of a mission.
And secondly, it's just, you get fixated on it.
And especially when they got the local forecast there with a radar, and you keep, you know,
a warehouse and you watch that green and yellow and red stuff and you just wait.
You know, you look out the window, you listen, you wait for the thunder lightning and it's like, I don't know,
something to do here. That's saying a lot.
And so now there's this enormous blob that's sitting right off the tip of Dayton Broward,
right off the southeast floor of the coast. And it's been sitting out there.
And of course, we got these other two that are right behind it because now as soon as somebody farts on a west coast of Africa,
everybody out there is like right on top of it because, hey, everybody is all concerned.
We're going to have 80 million hurricanes. So this blob last night after dark, they said we were going to get four to eight inches.
It was going to be a nightmare overnight. I was going to get up this morning.
There hasn't been a drop of rain. It's as dry. It's steamy. It's like a goddamn jungle out there.
And I turn on the weather channel and a guy is saying, well, the winds are from the northwest,
which for the moment is like, you know, moving the stuff away from Dayton Broward.
And it's kind of like going in this big circle of ocean. And guess what?
It's getting all those bastards in Palm Beach.
Oh, man. If anybody deserves it, this is called getting even.
If anybody deserves getting all the grief they can.
It's those people up there in Palm Beach. I hope they get flooded out.
I hope they're like up to their armpits and rain by the end of the day.
So that was it about seven o'clock this morning. Now I look at it here a few minutes ago on a radar.
And the northwest, the only ones are pushing this big blob even further away from Dayton Broward.
Although, of course, we're going on you're saying, look for 10 inches today.
Maybe she was talking about something else. Maybe John Holmes is making a comeback.
Bring them back alive, baby.
So anyway, this stuff is like all blowing in this big circular thing like around us and up into Palm Beach and up into a Bervard and whatever is up there.
I'm not saying that we're not going to get any of it. But boy, it sure is fun to sit there and watch it, ain't it?
It sure beats chipping your tooth on a sole bottle.
I could go on for hours about this experience yesterday.
It about five and a half to do. And I'm sitting there. I'm having my weenie on the grill.
And I get a bottle of sole out of the refrigerator. Now, sole water, which is great. And I love it.
And it's got the, it doesn't have like the kind of a cap on a bottle that you have to pull off with an opener.
Although some of you macho guys, I'm sure pull that off either with your, well, there are two ways to do that to show if you're really macho.
There's some guys who take like a real cap on a bottle. They pull it off with their teeth. And then there's some really macho ones who pull it off with their rectum.
But anyway, that's another story.
So these are the kind where you have to like separate the two parts on the top.
You know what I'm saying? They're like, you know what I'm talking about.
And sometimes it's just you can't do it with your hands. Either your hands are a moist or the thing just a slip it or you just can't do it.
And I'm amazed that Rick and Suds need to want them. They both deny that they've ever opened one of these kind of bottle tops with their teeth.
Everybody does that. You open up all kinds of packages with your teeth. You open up like that's what teeth are for.
And if nature was a fear to us, which they're not, they would have already, you know, had enough foresight to realize when you're opening up bottle caps with God damn teeth and made in my hell of a lot more durable.
And so I open up the God damn bottle cap with my teeth and all of a sudden I see this thing flying.
It's a tooth. Well, it's a part. It's like I've chipped like 80% of the front of one of my front teeth off the off the face of the earth.
And there's nothing but odd at the feeling is in there. And I'm sitting there sitting there like I'm like pissed like and of course then once you get something like that and your mouth, your tongue starts, you know, reach it up there.
You know what I'm saying? You ever reach up there with your tongue? I bet you did. And your tongue just it's something about nature man.
And it just doesn't feel right. It's like there's some invasive thing. Look at that rain in West Palm Beach.
Oh, every place else cloudy, mostly cloudy, partly cloudy. West Palm Beach. It's raining.
So as luck would have it, my good close personal friend Cheryl calls me about something else. And I tell her this story about, you know, I'm asking her, do you think these emergency dentists are open now?
And it's not an emergency that certainly doesn't hurt, but it's gross, you know.
And as luck also would have it, hurt dentists, who is a great guy in Pembroke Pines, he made the availability for me 815 this morning.
I go in there in 15 minutes. I've got a new temporary tooth there. It's like a freaking miracle. And you know something that looks better and feels better than the other one.
And there's a long convoluted story that goes along with us. Okay, about where the guys located, about the directions that Cheryl gave me, which I did find it, because I used to live right down the street there in Pembroke Pines.
It's a half than hiatus in Villas Lakes years ago. So if things get boring, I'm going to tell that long story. Okay, look at that. Oh, Jesus, look at that. Like I said, Broward County.
I don't think you're going to escape it, man, but date County. We're looking pretty add damn good. It's like a big, it's like a crescent.
It's like a big crescent rule and date County is like the hole in the middle. Look at that thing. Broward's got it. Palm Beach has got it big time. So we probably won't get any calls from Broward today.
610 W I O D don't touch that dial. You don't know where it's been.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming. These are the real stories of Batman's like patrol. Batman, Batman. Where you're going to go? Where you're going to go when you're out of Super Fools? Batman, Batman.
The crime fighting isn't what you think. Sure you have your supervillains, but when they're all locked up, you deal with the same things all law enforcement personnel deal with. Hang on. What have you got, Robin?
Big domestic squaddle baton in Gothen City trailer park.
I'm on it.
Hey, alright sir. What do you tell me what happened?
I didn't mean to push you man, man. I didn't mean to. What she's making fun of my shows on the TV. And that just sent me off to the office.
I see her. I had it. Are you alright?
He's an animal. He has no right to near what he's doing. I want you to whip him to Batman style. Right now.
Go with the squads there. Go with the wet review. No, you bail me out.
You bail me out.
Robin, come on, you took off in jail. Me today. I want to break out Ridley. This crap depresses the hell out of me.
Batman, Batman, glad you ain't the cop. Glad you ain't the cop. Or you throw your robot up. Batman, Batman.
1017 at W.O.D. So anyway, I get this information from Cheryl about her dentist who's in Pembroke Pines, right up the street from where I used to live.
On hiatus by taft, well actually by Johnson.
I go to bed and I'm having these dreams, these bizarre dreams. This is really a freaky. These strange dreams all night about my good friend Bill Carter who used to live in the colony point, which you probably helped to put him in an early grave in Pembroke Pines years ago.
And the whole concept of this dream is I'm trying chronologically in my mind to figure out where he was working and where I was working and where I lived and when did I move to here and Villas Lakes and it was bizarre.
And I drive over there this morning for my appointment at 815 and what's on the corner of Johnson and hiatus is colony point.
I'd call up doctor Laura with that dream. That's really bizarre. I know it may not seem like much to you, but it's just very, very strange.
Because if you would have held a gun to my head and said what streets is colony point on it? I'd have said I don't know somewhere over there with all the old people in Pembroke Pines. I have no idea.
Yeah, bizarre. Okay. Great. Also, by the way, we're looking for a liver for Larry Hagman. If we have anybody in the audience out there would like to donate a liver for Larry Hagman. I mean, everybody love Larry Hagman. I dream a genie Dallas big star, Mary Martin. So is Mary Martin still alive or what? Did we ever forget that? Who was it that was in the car? Was it Helen Hayes?
Was it boxing? Helena? Who was in the car with Mary Martin? So anyway, now he's got a problem. And why because he's got cancer? Why does he have cancer at liver? Because he was a drunk.
What a concept. What a surprise. So and also listen, now here's going to be our question. Who would you rather donate your liver to? Would you rather do it now for Larry Hagman or wait about six months for Steve Nichol? That's the question. Here's what is that Palm Beach? Hello?
What is it?
Okay, there we go. Here's our first call. He's back. Well, that was for a lot of deal. Here's Palm Beach. Hello.
Okay, that takes care of calls for the day. And let's just get the music ready. All right. That's a good start. Like I said, the guy that called up Rick and Sus before that was really good. Oh, yeah, you know, Niels, a thing that he was talking about yesterday. We just can't get through. We can't get through. That's why there's problems on the guy.
Damn phone. We just can't get through. There's the first call in the last call of the bag. That's a good. Okay. So let me reach back here in my second goodies. I guess they must like the music is what it is. Okay.
That's the end of that. Got some goddamn good stuff here, baby. Trust me when I tell you. And the guy can't even figure out that he's on a goddamn ear. It took him like what 30 seconds to figure it out. What was he about two years old?
Okay, you let me know when you're ready. And I'll maybe we'll consider. But I have my doubts.
Oh, yes. Wait a minute. There's no phone man. Wait. Hey, hey, hey, hey, there's no phone man.
Sing us a phone man again.
New format.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's those bastards.
Your colleagues, who's home.
This was the foulest man
I've been in the town for a while
Yeah
And I've been in the town for a while
I've been in the town for a while
Yeah, I've been in the town
Well, yeah
I've been in the town for a while
So many days you've just been by
You saw a till standing in my heart
You wouldn't stop
You made me feel better
I live in me
I've got a letter
Please love the boy and
Look at me
There will let through all the way
You'll find that for me
You know it's been so long
Yes, it's not
Herb's on track
What might you better wait a minute
Wait a minute
Oh, you better wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Hold me
Check in and see
Just one more time for me
You better wait
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Please
Wait a minute
I'll ask you
Let's go
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Wait a minute
Yeah, if he had some dolphin tickets, we'd be called to
see Rick this morning, diluting himself into a false
sense of security and all their callin' in for is the God
Damn Free Dolphin Tickets.
Who's kidding who, huh?
Anyway, 1022 at WIOD, all the hits all the time, maybe get
used to what that's the new format on his show.
That's the new deal.
I'm gonna have, but the only problem is, because I'm gonna
have to go out and buy my own music.
It's gonna cost a pretty penny to build a God Damn
library here, but it's gonna be great.
Just take the phone out, goodbye, have a great life, sit
there, watch the weather radar, and the good luck to you.
That's all I can say.
I'm gonna bite into my sole bottle,
I'm gonna go to the top, just into the whole God Damn
Glass thing, okay?
And just crumple all my teeth on the counter right now.
Don't waste your time, baby.
It's all Music Wednesday on 610 WIOD, the station that
used to have an audience, that used to have phone calls,
that used to have radio shows, but now we got nothing
but a bunch of God Damn Free Loaders, okay?
Kiss my fat ass.
610 WIOD, stimulating radio, move closer and feel us
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
because there's no reason for is there reason
So good luck.
Now I'm going to take one and I'm going to take one.
I'm going to take one.
Okay, what is it?
I'm going to take one.
I'm going to take one.
I'm going to take one.
Richard Kee-Hop!
Richard Kee-Hop!
Richard Kee-Hop!
Richard Kee-Hop!
Everyone knows American Jabalow!
Everyone knows American Jabalow!
Richard Kee-Hop!
Richard Kee-Hop!
You know that I love you!
I can't help myself!
I love you when nobody is!
You will find me!
I'm coming to go!
I'm making fun of you!
Just your future is mine!
And I've kissed you with a thousand times!
Maybe it's not your finger, or with your eye!
I come running to you!
I'm trying to get out of my dreams!
And better not be, but I can!
I can't help myself!
I can't help myself!
I want you back!
I want you back!
I can't help myself!
I'm a fool in love to see!
I want you to love you!
Can we have been through?
And I'm trying!
But every time I see your face!
I feel all too lonely inside!
Where I call your name!
Girl, it starts to flame!
Burn it in my heart!
Tell it all upon no matter how I try!
I love you!
I can't help hiding!
I'm sure you're proud of me!
But sure you're proud of me!
I think for you!
Can you not myself?
I love you when nobody gets!
Show the party!
But sure the party!
Don't leave me asking too!
I think you can't get on myself!
I want you when nobody gets!
Just let me leave!
Show the party!
Show the party!
You know what I love you!
I love you!
Can you not myself?
I love you!
Can you not myself?
Here's the Coral Springs on the Purple Line.
Hello!
My God, it's like an endurance test just to get to speak to you!
Yes? I mean, you're complaining that you got...
No, it's an endurance contest to get anybody to call!
That's what the endurance contest is on its end of the line, Mr.
You really do need to change the format!
You need to go back to the days when you had the bird and Crapridah...
You really are killing yourself!
You can't see the trees to the forest and you want to argue with me!
This is the same guy who calls every goddamn day to him!
I never called you about this in so many days!
I'm tired of hearing your show within a show and I'm so sorry to see your show going on too!
What is a show within a show?
Between your diet, the hockey, the horse...
Come on, Neil!
What would you like me to talk about?
I'm asking you the question!
What would you like me to talk about?
Let me finish my first thing and I'll get to that!
Okay, Mr. Rexford, here's the program!
Well, no, you're in! I think you're a program director and you need to really first sit down and get your show back into some sort of...
Well, if you can sober him up, let's see if we can work it out!
You have a soft moroc attitude lately with this nonsense you're doing!
You're killing yourself and you're going to hurt yourself in the rating!
Wait a minute, it was a sign!
You know something, let me tell you something! I'm not just here for ratings, okay?
You are!
No, I'm not just here for ratings, okay?
Well, you're certainly killing it!
This show is sold out!
Okay, you think that all those people are lined up at Lorenzo's to get this stuff?
How many of you guys are supposed to be here?
You have to keep calling and going, you stupid fagging and hanging up!
How many times can you hear that, Neil?
I can hear it 50 minutes, actually, I don't care about that!
Okay, anybody with an education is not calling you show anymore!
So, let me ask you, what are you listening for?
I'm because you asked for somebody to call you!
No, no, what are you listening for?
I'm not going to be listening anymore, that's it!
Right, this is, you know, something, this is the oldest scam in the book!
I'm not going to be listening anymore!
Neil, it's the truth, because it's too hard to get into your show,
listening to this crap, you know, you are the one destroying this show, no?
I'm not doing what?
I'm still waiting for the answer!
By playing this Motown, by going into your stuff!
By playing this Motown!
That's right, Neil!
How often have I been playing Motown the last ten minutes?
I played two songs three days, that's right, because the phone ain't ringing properly, that's right!
It got you off your ass!
It got you off your ass on the goddamn phone, didn't it?
Can you find a way to play the game and change the format?
No, I'm asking you a question, what do you want to hear about?
Neil, you started off with Larry Hagman, that wasn't a bad topic to begin the day with.
Yeah, so where's the calls?
Well, if that's just it, you encourage these punks to keep calling you, hanging out, making these things.
Wait a minute, I encouraged them to call!
How did I do that?
You do.
How did I do that?
You give them a call.
I said here, I didn't talk about punks, about bags, about anything else.
I talked about Larry Hagman, I talked about the thing with Chip and my tooth,
I talked about having a very strange dream, which I'm sure most people can relate to having experiences like that,
but nobody had anything to say about it.
Probably a little stick to the topic for a beginning, instead of you always spreading out too long,
that's the problem with the show.
Oh, here I was spreading out too long, I'm talking about hockey, every...
Neil, the fact that somebody's calling me up like this, man, don't you see that there are a lot of other people that feel the same way?
The feel the way about what?
The feel the way about what?
The way you show it, though.
So in other words, you don't like the show, okay? So what are you listening for?
Now, my show ain't going down, the truth is, this town is going to, by doing what?
What was it that made the show great?
What was it that made the show great?
Let's go back to the old days when you had the Capri-Durke.
And what was it that made the show great?
You had two guys that you could see all the time.
They haven't been on this show for years, okay?
And the show has been great, it's been number one for years, they haven't been on this show for six and a half years,
and the show has kicked that.
What's been going on the last six and a half years, would you been listening all the time?
Neil, let me ask you again, instead of being a stuck record,
what's been going on the last six years that isn't going on now that you've been listening for?
The way you've been acting lately with this diet, with the Boka burgers, you're chasing people off the air.
Now, Boka burgers was years ago, and we've had the highest numbers we ever had on the show since then, okay?
When I really stopped listening, he still listening to you daily, when you started talking about it.
When you stopped listening, here's a guy that stopped listening.
Neil, he's calling, but he stopped listening.
I tune you in the mornings, Neil, it's like an old habit, you know?
Yeah, like an old habit that you can't break, and here it is 1037 already,
and you still haven't turned it off.
You listen through three goddamn Motown records that you don't like.
Of course, I just told you to do an endurance test, and I think you should reevaluate what you would do.
I'm going to tell you something, pal, it's an endurance contest for me to see how long I can stand this goddamn horse in Buggie Town.
That's the goddamn endurance contest.
Oh yeah, let's go back to Caprita and a bird.
Well, Caprita's out in California, okay?
Seeking a career somewhere in show business, and a bird is sitting up there in Lakeland, cackling to himself, and either one of them is coming back.
And this guy wants to go back to the days of Zeta seven or eight years ago.
You can't turn the clock back, baby, okay?
I'm doing the same thing now that I've been doing for years and years,
and the fact that it had a lot of good things for people out there, and George was right about that, man.
I sacrificed a goddamn show to do something good, because I discovered something,
and all I did was take a lot of abuse by the way.
Oh, you must be really raking in the dough.
This is a setup. He's getting a, I didn't get squat from Bob Atkins or anybody else.
Certainly not from the people who got on a goddamn diet.
What I did do for myself was get off my diabetes, and if that's boring to you, pal, I don't give a crap.
Because that's your goddamn life, and you're talking about Simpledons.
I'm talking about something serious, which the Simpledons can't relate to, okay?
Those people say, hey, faggot, that's the material they got.
And like I've been saying the last several days, what I've gotten back from those thousands of people with their goddamn diet,
except for their stupid questions, which is why I got off the topics in the first place,
because what you get back is nothing.
Just a lot of stupid old people calling you want you to give them an immediate goddamn pill for all their goddamn problems.
Oh, but I'm so constipated. Why do I do now? Just sit on it, and squeeze with all your might, baby.
Squeeze the bag as hard as you can. That's what you ought to do.
All these goddamn programming experts, oh, we're playing all this Motown.
Your goddamn right, we are, baby. We're playing Motown all Motown all day.
That's it.
Sure beats the crap out of most of what we got on this station.
I'll tell you that right now, including that point eight on the weekend.
And sit down with your program director and sober him up a little bit and have a great conversation with him,
and straighten that goddamn show out.
And then he has the balls to say to me, oh, that Larry Hagman thing, if you want. That was a good subit, yeah?
And, and what about it? Do you want onions or bacon on it or both?
Oh, it's not on the diet.
You're in La La Land.
I'm going to sit here and do a goddamn monologue like I'm talking to a bunch of goddamn infants out there.
And that's basically what we got. We got people who are emotional infants,
and then we got the old people who are going through their second childhood.
We got the emotional cripples out there.
I was mean to see today.
Now.
Where are we going?
Let's do a real programming critique here.
Okay, let's find out all the problems with this goddamn show.
Let's have Chris Baker on here for a couple of weeks between 10 and 2.
That'll straighten you bastards out.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I ever thought of just hanging it up and going home.
No.
Well, I think you may, you might decide to do that.
Why is that?
Your show is really blowing.
And you're listening to it.
That's right.
Now, why?
Why are you listening to it?
Oh, here's going to be turning it off.
You know, when is that going to happen?
Is that going to happen as soon as the call ends?
Is that going to happen?
Is that going to happen when the Dalton?
He's turning it off right now.
Let's hear from all the people not who are going to turn it off,
but who've already turned it off.
If you've turned this show off and you're never going to listen again,
call in right now.
See, this is what's called compensating through their own inability to say it.
And you ask him a question that can't even respond to that.
That's the best part.
Okay, well, what would you like to hear about?
Now, while you're talking about, you give me a list of eight million different things
that I talk about.
None of which they like, well, what would you rather hear about?
What would you like?
What do you got to say constructive?
Well, I'm going to turn it off right now, just like that guy in a car phone.
He's shutting it off right now.
He's going to turn it off.
He's got his hand.
It's like my goddamn mailman, Rick, a few years ago.
Remember that?
Well, you know, we were getting ready to turn it off.
We were getting, we had our finger right into goddamn knob.
I'll bet you did, Rick.
So go ahead, turn it off.
What the hell do I care?
That's the biggest problem with this radio station is we recycle the same goddamn
cum over and over and over again.
There's two million people in Dayton, Broward County never even heard of goddamn
WIOD.
And maybe ten of them speak English.
So how do you like that?
Or Missing those ten?
Give me a break.
We're getting ready to turn it right now.
We're going to know you're not.
No, you're not because you're afraid you're going to goddamn miss something.
That's what you're afraid of.
That guy's name was Scott Daniels, by the way, he's a Randy Cronik.
Oh, the one that was just on here now?
No, the first one.
Oh, the first one.
Oh, yeah, well, he's obviously a chronic.
Make no mistake about that.
A Randy Cronik.
Oh, there you go.
That's great.
Poor Randy.
She's dying a wicked death up there on J&O.
All she's got is a bunch of bull-like callers on that show.
Maybe she'll be getting Shannon fucked and now she's got time on her hands.
Here's West Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, sorry.
Sorry, I was on speaker.
Don't be sorry.
Okay.
Let's hear her.
Come on.
I'm ready for it today, baby.
Let's hear her.
Let's on low.
No, no, no.
Let's on leash it, baby.
Come on.
When are you going to turn it off?
Can I tell you, I've been listening since you've been on with Kathy McCullough that long ago.
A few days ago, I was a hell of a guy.
It was a great show.
And then all of a sudden the phone's died for a couple of days.
Now I'm a bad guy.
They're getting ready to turn it off.
Bring back the freaking bird.
Bring back Caprita.
Get on the hands and knees on the floor.
Start eating some food on the floor, Dave.
And those were the good old days.
Listen, I was wondering.
I could tell you plenty about those good old days when we come in every morning and try to find if the goddamn equipment will work.
And we can get the board on here.
That's what great days those were on Zeta.
I was listening years, years ago.
And let me tell you, I'm a devoted listener.
The only thing is waiting online.
That's probably what most people have to provide.
Well, you sure don't have much waiting online these days?
I don't know.
I mean, I've been waiting maybe 10, 15 minutes today.
So what is that?
What's that?
What is that?
No, that's nothing.
That's nothing for people online.
I'm calling from a business and it's hard.
I mean, I've been waiting.
How come it didn't used to be hard?
How come we had all these zillions of people in their house sitting around goofing up?
It's a number of times we had a junior year.
Every summer you go through this.
Not like this.
Not like this.
We've come to it.
This whole radio station has come to a screeching halt.
We're like out of business.
We could put a shingle out on the front door and say, go on a fishing.
How businesses they close up for a month or two.
That's what we ought to do.
Shut the guy they think about.
You know it.
But you know something.
I've worked up.
Wait a minute.
Up until about three years ago in this market, summer used to be great.
Kids were all out of school.
The teenagers, all those guys used to love this show, love this station.
And then about three years ago, maybe people got smart.
Maybe they started bailing out of here in the summertime.
They don't come back until September.
I don't know.
I've been listening for years and I still love this show.
I'm a music lover and I never put on out there.
I haven't gotten tired of it.
And I don't know.
I still love it.
I love when you talk about like music and stuff and restaurants and...
Now I see that.
Now you're going to get that guy pissed off.
That Scott guy, that chronic guy from Andy show is going to get pissed off.
You know what?
The one who just keeps winding.
How do you like that line?
He just keeps winding up here every morning.
It's out of habit.
Even though he's disgusted and fed up and he can't stand it.
He just keeps winding up here every morning.
You don't need those people anyway.
You don't need those people.
He's a scumbag.
There's people at just...
Go back to New York.
You got a damn old fart.
Hey, that's where I'm from.
Like I said.
But listen.
Those people you don't need and I don't know.
I still think this show is great.
The show is great.
The audience sucks.
Let me say it again.
I come out here.
Even about the old J-thing in a firm and trash.
I see things that nobody in the goddamn country dares to come out here and say.
And the response is the sounds of silence.
Even Paul Simon and our Garfunkel are embarrassed by the response from this town.
I don't know.
Who wants to hear it day after day?
You hear it?
Everybody is sicker.
The regular news are ready.
They hear it every single hour.
They're sick of it.
They don't want to hear that.
Well, I'm going to open my sole bottle from the bottom now.
I'm just biting the goddamn glass right off the bottom.
Who wants to hear about OG on your show when they can go home after two o'clock or five o'clock
watching news and that's only here?
Nobody...
They don't listen to the show for that.
They want a lighter subject.
Even the adkins, I thought that was great.
I mean, I don't know.
I get interested in hearing what other people are doing and this and that.
But you know something, where are those people?
Where are those 50,000 people out there who are losing probably collectively two million pounds already?
Where are those people?
I don't know.
They're out there.
Where are they?
Where are they?
What are they doing?
They don't even have the goddamn gratitude the balls they're calling kiss my ass.
How do you like that?
They should be lined up at the door.
I saved their goddamn lives.
I got diabetics who were off their insulin off their glion ace off their glucose.
They could control off their ass and these people are out there.
They're just takers, man.
They're just a bunch of goddamn takers.
I could be lying here in a goddamn pool of blood and these people wouldn't call.
The only people would call, hey, Tommy's a douchebag.
That would be it.
That's this town, man.
A bunch of siblings and have a great day.
All right.
Take it.
See ya.
Care.
Open line and date, 751-1 and Broward, 524-1 on a green line, 189-4 Motown.
Right, baby.
This is the day we're drawing a line in the goddamn sand.
It's going to be heavy duty, baby.
You better get online right now.
It's going to be heavy duty.
It's going to be pouring cats and dogs.
If it isn't where you are right now, any already, it's going to be your captive audience on the inside.
And let's get those Broward people off their ass.
Two open lines on a whole goddamn board.
We got 674 lines right now and 672 of them are lit up.
Two of them dead in Broward.
Isn't that a said commentary?
So what the hell if it's raining in hail balls the size of goddamn bowling balls?
That's your problem, man.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir?
How are you today?
Okay, great.
How are you doing?
Fine.
Good.
Are you going to be turning the show off pretty soon or what?
No, I'm listening.
How long have you listened to this show?
What?
For about two or three weeks.
Two or three weeks?
Yep.
Only two or three weeks?
Yeah, I just started listening to this.
Too bad you never heard when it was a good show.
It used to be great.
Yeah, I know.
Could I make a statement?
Absolutely, pal.
Anything you want?
Okay, that.
Cash will get out of Cuba soon.
Okay, you got any complaints about anything today?
No, I don't.
Good for you, pal.
I don't know.
Have a great life.
Okay, boss.
See ya.
There you go.
There is a young man who's happy.
He's having a good time.
He's having a great life.
Just like I could be if I had a goddamn audience here that had a goddamn that had the energy that
would give just a little bit, not a lot, just a little bit, except waiting for us to give
away the dolphin tickets.
Oh, you got a, you're going to have some kicking around here somewhere, Neil.
Come on.
We want some freebies.
Come on.
What do you got?
You, oh man.
Just absolutely like I said, let's get a neutron bomb.
Blow up the audience and start from scratch rhymes with, I mean, let's just snatch a whole
new audience right out of the near somewhere and start from scratch.
I'm waiting on those two brow lines.
Come on.
Let's go five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WIOD.
Yesterday when I was going ranting and raving again, I'm asking about how about that atkins
diet, those two or three months, did that piss a lot of people off?
Did that say, you know, we're a lot of people bored by the no response on it.
Now all of a sudden today, this guy starts off this.
What's the guy's name?
Scott Holt?
Daniels.
Scott O. Scott Daniels.
That sounds like a chronic donut.
When's he going to get his own goddamn show?
You and Capri didn't a bird.
I can just hear it right now.
Maybe it's going to be big, probably on the light bulb.
Put that goddamn norm camera out of business.
Who's talking to O.J. again, man?
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
The problem with the show is that you're gay.
Oh, that's the problem with my show is that I'm a fag.
Okay, that's probably true.
And that just started a couple of weeks ago.
When I turn fag, that's a good point, pal.
You're right.
Give me a woman in here, okay?
Give me some slut.
Give me some real loose bitch in here.
And let's see if we can't straighten this whole problem out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, you wanted somebody who turned it off already.
Yeah.
That's me.
Yeah.
How did you hear me ask for that?
I got a call from a friend who said that you were looking for somebody who'd already
turned it off.
All right, great.
You got a call from a friend.
I get spy reports.
Yeah, right.
And that was pretty quick.
Wow.
Yeah, it didn't take, how long, how long, what did you say it?
A few minutes.
Okay.
Well, so you're right.
It didn't take very, like, just a bit farther.
Okay, well, forget about how long it took.
Let's hear it.
What's the story, pal?
Nothing, just like a couple weeks off, Neil.
What is it?
You're right because, because I don't want to, I still don't want to know that.
I still want to know I'm not missing anything.
So I get a call of the ones in a while.
But yeah, I turned it off for a couple of weeks.
What do you mean?
You want to know if you're missing anything?
Yeah, I'm saying what he's, I'm saying that, uh,
Come on, you can do it.
You can make it up.
It's just like you get spy reports, right?
About other stations and what?
No, but you do, but I get spy reports about other stations.
Or about what else is going on in the market, other stuff.
You get spy reports about things that you're not listening to.
Are you in the business?
Are you in radio?
Well, whatever.
But I'm just, let me ask you again.
Are you in a radio business?
Sort of.
What does that mean?
It indirectly.
What does that mean?
It means that...
Why can't you give me a straight answer?
It's like a byproduct.
But what's wrong with taking a couple of weeks off?
Nothing wrong at all.
That's what I'm going to be doing pretty soon.
And oh, you're not. You're stuck here.
What do you mean by that?
That's the beauty.
You got to be there every day.
How do you know that?
If you're not listening, how do you know I'm here every day?
I wasn't here.
I was in here yesterday.
I walked out right in the middle of the show.
I walked out in the middle of the show yesterday.
But what?
I walked right out of here in the middle of the show yesterday.
I'm 45.
Yeah, I looked up for you.
You know what?
You deserve it.
Yeah.
And the truth is that three or four years ago,
I used to hear you talking about in the summer how terrible it was.
And it's the same thing.
Too bad I had to dump that because he said flickin' all the way.
If it was a ball game, you could have let that go on the air
like the Angels Red Sox game last night.
But he's right.
I think that's a very good point.
I say from not just summer,
but after pace off from Passover to Labor Day at the end of April,
May, June, July, August, and the early first week in September,
take that time off.
You're God damn a frickin' right, man.
Is now what he said, frickin' and take the frickin' summer off.
Maybe we're just talking about baseball and Ford Frick.
Maybe this guy knows his baseball.
Maybe he knows a little bit something about before he was born.
Unlike most people here.
He's listening to the air, be God damn it.
You're not foolin' anybody.
Pal, but it was an excellent suggestion.
Here's Del Rey B.
Chill out.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Don't listen to any of those people.
Why not?
Show is great.
Don't spoil this now, man.
We got him cookin' now, pal.
I know, but you know, like, I do a lot of driving in the car.
I'll tell you, 10 to 2 is the quickest four hours of the day.
Yeah.
Oh, I wish I could say the same.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, baby, I wish I could say that.
Show.
Yeah.
Show is great, but your show is...
But what's wrong with his show?
There must be something you don't like.
Did the diet show?
Did the diet show?
Yeah.
The guy that called you originally, that's what's wrong with the show.
I like him who are just miserable, old, disgusting.
But he's a chronic radio, Yentah.
Don't you understand?
He listens every day.
He's a chronic critic.
He's an amateur PD.
You know what?
He probably married a woman who was a pro wrestler.
She beats the crap out of me every day.
Maybe Shannon Faulkner's his daughter.
She probably is.
Either that or his wife.
Oh, I doubt that.
I mean, aren't you?
She's a lot butchering hill ever, baby.
I mean, if he doesn't like it, let him listen to Reneerie.
There you go, Reneerie's not on at this time.
Belly, you could tape it and listen back between 10 and 2.
That's exactly right.
Good point.
Okay, everybody who hates the show, listen to a tape Reneerie
between 6 and 10, I'll waxy.
Play it back between 10 and 2 and Uga Boga.
Right.
And if you went within two miles of the tower,
you can listen to the light bulb.
Okay.
Listen to an arm.
You can't.
That's punishment enough.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Hi.
Poor Norman, man, but he needs the money.
Now, what is that on this end line here?
Hello?
Neil.
I listen to Howard.
I listen to you.
Yeah.
You're just not shocking anymore.
Oh, I'm not shocking anymore.
What is that?
You're shocking.
You're just not shocking anymore.
I was shocking.
How about here for the last six and a half years, was I shocking here?
I'm not saying you're just not shocking.
What do you want to be shocked?
What do you want?
Do you want me to stick somebody's foot up your ass like you're own?
Or will that shock you?
What would it take?
That's the end of the column.
Not shocking anymore.
That must have been David Ross.
That was David Goddamn Ross.
How do you like that?
I got a shock for you, pal.
When the next book comes out when all of a sand in the dust clears,
guess what?
It's still going to be the same old crap for you, pal.
And after 10 o'clock or 11 in the morning,
you're going to be down into ones and twos.
So find a new format, David, because it ain't working.
Hey, Newt, we got your contract right here.
610 WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
It's going to get so wet.
Can you see this?
We got a fax from Alroberto, George.
Do you see that?
It only took 685 times to get out of the closet.
He's back.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD presents.
But he likes shut it off.
New Roger Show.
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in the world.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
It's toll free.
We're all bare throw, baby.
944 WIOD.
And so you know, one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Newt Roger Show.
A news talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Nice view.
He's folding it up and putting it away right now.
Castles.
Get out of Cuba.
We just can't use ya.
You've been around way too long.
Neil, go.
Castles.
You are a bleep bastard.
Too long you've lasted.
The bay of pigs should have worked.
You turt.
Fiddle.
You make me sick.
Get out of Cuba quick.
Alright.
You are so goddamn rich.
You amigo son of a bitch.
Baseball we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
Yeah, but wait a second.
Where the hell are you?
You let go of this.
Where the hell are you?
Are you behind the strike?
Get out now!
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell are you?
The raps and boats away.
Los it.
Castro get out of Cuba.
We just can't use you.
You've been around way too long.
Hey!
Castro, you ugly bastard.
How long you lasted?
The Bay of Tic should have worked.
I'm puppy.
Peter, you're pick me sick.
Get out of Cuba quick.
You also got them rich.
You're a meagre son of a bitch.
I like baseball.
We know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where were you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
Well, they.
Well, they.
Well, they.
Well, they.
Well, they.
Get us now in the nation.
Are you in the masturbation?
In the village, the embargo.
Cuba will be coming out of the kilago.
You are safe.
You are safe.
We're turning all the raps and boats away.
Los it.
Los it.
Los it.
You.
You.
You.
You.
OK, 1109 at W.O.D.
The Lord has stuck his big thumb on South Florida, baby.
The rains are coming 40 days and 40 nights.
Even Noah would be embarrassed by this band if bad.
Is it raining here just dribbling a little right now, right?
Is it dribbling?
It's dribbling.
It's just dribbling now, but man, it's going to come out of
there big time.
It's going to come down torrential, baby.
It's the freaking end of the world.
Not that we want to get you panicky because we are the
regional EVS station.
That's why I can't hate it when we turn our calls.
That's why that bitch is getting fired.
All right, there is a God.
So Roberto says he did not go off and died.
Baba, baba, but he's forbidden from phone use.
There were work but he's leasing.
OK, hang on tight.
Roberto.
And I won't say nothing about Lauren McCall.
I don't want to get your boyfriend upset.
Here, Neil, I can't call because my boss is an asshole, but if it wasn't for you,
he would have been dead a long, long time ago.
Brian Blade style.
How do you like that?
Women in Hollywood love you, Neil.
That's what it says.
And it's not from mommy.
Now, here is one where can freehold no Jersey races be seen on TV today?
There are horses racing up at freehold.
They don't want to see the right.
Baba, baba.
Well, guess what you can't because it's scrambled.
OK, but I bet you if you call Jackie Lee at home, he'll tell you where you can see it.
In fact, didn't he say that over at the pompano at the cafeteria across the street?
Yeah, he did your laughing.
He said the last time he called and bugged the show that God damn Jackie Lee, he said that
every afternoon they have the races on over there from freehold at the track restaurant.
They're the kitchen across the street from the track.
Trust me, get over there right now and good luck to your hope your horse wins, even though
Joe Pavis drove and he couldn't win a goddamn one horse race.
Here's Jupiter on the purple line.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yeah, these people don't know the how because I just came back to want the Chicago Detroit
and Atlanta.
Yeah.
It's in their AM station after they blow big time up there.
That's right.
What's the right ring fashion?
So these people around here just get out of town and see what they really got down there.
They have to get out of town and let the other people from those other places come in here
and replace them.
Then we'd have something pal.
Yeah, up there, that's real cities up in there.
You know, even though there's a little crime here in there, but nothing like what we got
down here.
Chicago, the last time you were there when you did the remote from there, right?
Right.
OK, still a great old town, great people walking around having a good time.
Yeah.
Well, that's a real goddamn city, though.
So that's a real city with a real downtown and a real atmosphere and something.
And you use the wind, right?
Huh?
Albion?
Yeah.
OK, I drove it right up in 94.
That's right.
That's it.
Marshall, Albion.
All the high spots, man.
I was in them all.
Oh, lots of farm countries up there.
That's it.
Good old farmers, man.
Good old boys.
That's the way it is.
They love their sheep and it's reciprocal.
Well, you have a great day, Pali.
Have a good one, Neil.
And back to you.
Thanks.
See ya here.
Open line on the apurple line, pound IOD, if you got to sell you to one, you better get inside right now.
I don't want to get you nervous or anything like that.
I don't want to be irresponsible like Brian Starcross, OK?
But I'm telling you right now, it's going to be bad.
It's going to rain like crazy.
Then we'll have an excuse for staying in and watching all those ball games.
And starting tonight, they told us that on the DSS, they're going to be having a ball game.
The blackouts are lifted tonight.
We had that for several days already on the big dish, but hey, if you got the small dish,
now you're going to be able to see it.
And a guy named Angels better win a game and at Red Sox series, I'm going to start getting pissed off.
That was great last night, even if you're bored with baseball like most of us.
That was great.
Roger Clemens against Mike Harkie.
They get into a bean ball contest.
They almost had a major brawl a few times out on the field.
And it was dynamite.
It was a beautiful thing.
I thought Ken Wilson was going to start dribbling all over himself there right on the ear.
He was loving it.
But you don't know what I'm talking about because you don't have a dish.
You didn't see the game.
That's why they're so goddamn pissed off.
I got two dishes and these poor bastards got their crappy cable company and they're not too happy about it.
Most of which don't even have court TV.
How do you like the continental cable?
Don't even have court TV.
What does that tell you?
Jesus God.
Thank God T.C.I. at least is God court TV so my mother don't have to miss a second of that goddamn O.J. Swill.
Yesterday at lunch again.
Oh, by the way, yesterday she's, are you ever going to go to the dentist again now?
Swallow, you not taking care of your teeth.
And that's why I chipped my tooth last night.
She's responsible for it.
I did it on purpose.
See, without any, it was a subliminal thing.
When I put my tooth on that bottle cap and I tried to like twist it and turn it and the bottle cap to and it just went chipping off it.
It looked like goddamn Chipper Jones.
He's not that bad, by the way.
It's 1113 at W.I.O.D.
I wish we had.
I wish the Marlins had some players like goddamn Chipper Jones and, oh man, and at goddamn, what the hell's the outfielders name there to left fielder George?
Come on, will you?
For the Braves, Clesco, Ryan Clesco, he's awesome, this guy.
He's belting that he's whacking at, he's beating that he's pounding it and a baseball too all over the goddamn plane.
And he actually shaved off that schmutz too.
He looks almost human.
Let's swap the Marlins for the Braves right now.
Then we'll get back into baseball.
Then we'll chop it.
W-I-O-D, whacking off the competition and the critics at the same time.
And beat that Gator Me.
Oh!
Oh!
A is for the Inus that surrounds you.
S-S is for your Nazi point of view.
All right.
Oh, is for the host that works below me.
L is for the losers, all of you.
E is for the Enemies you give me.
S is for the sh- I have to take.
Put them all together, they spell as whole.
Lick it and stick.
All right.
It sure does.
1117 at W-I-O-D.
Rains are going to be coming.
It's going to be poor and I would lock myself in a goddamn house right now.
I grab a pocket rocket and just have a big smile on my push.
Because it's going to be bad.
It's getting old too, man.
And they've got them lined up like a goddamn caravan on it.
And the weather channel by the way as much as I do watch it, they're full of crap.
They keep changing it every two minutes now.
Oh, is it raining yet?
Well, we better change that forecast.
But they have them lined up all the way across the Atlantic to Africa, like they're marching across.
And I don't want to get you nervous, but I have a feeling there's a rumor I just started that the Ebola virus from Zaire is in it.
What are you laughing about?
The rain south of Spain is mainly in Uranus.
Isn't that what they say? Something like that?
Oh, yeah, it's picking up that Ebola.
That's why there's nobody catching it over there. It's in the air.
Oh, worst underclap Newman.
God damn it. There is something in the air.
It's the Ebola virus. Don't panic. This is your EBS station.
And we're all going to die.
Believe me, I know plenty about dying.
These last few days.
Here's Mime Beach. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Pretty line. Yes. How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Good. I love you, Shobb and listen since K-A-T time.
But when you're going to turn it off for quite a while, because they're just good as those old days will be right.
Full of crap is what they're full of.
That's sad that he said that his friend Collingie must buy a report.
And then he started quoting what I said earlier in the morning, caught himself right.
Caught his tongue right in the middle of his bike.
His job is a radio byproduct.
What is that? Radio byproduct.
He's a human byproduct.
That's a step for Lecah.
I love it. Just keep rocking and have a great life and enjoy whatever you're doing.
You're not focusing these people.
Okay, pal. Bye-bye.
Not too hard. Don't squeeze it too hard.
We have an open line in day 751.
One on the purple line, pound IOD, one on the green line, et cetera.
Okay, it looks like two or three.
We're starting to fall off again.
You know what that means?
All that bowtown.
You're playing. I wonder if I was playing bubble gum when I took it for you, pal?
All that bowtown you're playing, Ligley.
What does that mean? Because the artist is black.
He calls his ponbeats.
They're all a bunch of races.
Mark Furman, New Police Chief in West Ponbeats.
All right, Mark.
Baby, I'm aware.
I'm aware you've gone.
It's time to leave my door.
I want you in the road.
And I'm going to tell you right now,
anybody who doesn't like Motown is not an American.
I'll tell you that right guy damn now.
Okay? That is un...
He's nothing at a meal.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Okay. Come on.
Okay, he's got it stuck in there.
And it's a tongue too. Here's Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, Danielle. Sorry about it. I do have a complaint.
Okay, here we go.
All right. I'm a big dolphin fan, and all you do is rattle them.
They got all these great players this year. Eric Green...
Let me say this to you.
Okay. I don't even talk about the dolphins.
Most days, I don't even mention them.
Okay, I'm not a dolphin fan.
Hey, but why are you saying they're better than the Patriots?
Who the Patriots have?
I mean...
Why am I saying... Listen to what you just said.
Why am I saying they're better than the Patriots?
That's what you just said, though.
I'm sorry that the Patriots are better than them.
I didn't say that. I'm rooting for the Patriots.
The dolphins have no excuses.
They are loaded with talent.
This is the most loaded team the dolphins have ever had with talent
in the history of the franchise,
even more so than the two Super Bowls.
I'm not just saying that to be gratuitous.
They are loaded. They got no excuses.
But you know something I think they're going to blow it.
And they got Shula and they got no team.
They're now ban Oliver Dottie and Gary Stevens.
Now you're starting to get close to the problem, baby.
Well, the only team that's ever going to undefeated.
No other team can say that.
But that's ancient history. Nobody cares about that.
That's ancient history. You're not listening to me.
I just gave them credit. Okay, I said they are loaded with talent.
They should go...
If not all the way, at least to the Super Bowl game,
if they don't win it.
You did say they're green. You don't give him credit.
What do you mean I don't give him credit?
I heard him. I heard him.
I said that he couldn't lick Ben Coates ass.
And I stand by that.
And anybody who knows football, including Mandage,
will agree with that. Ben Coates is the best tight end in the NFL.
Bar none.
Eric Green is a lot better than he is.
See, you see what I mean about Dolphin fans?
Why can't... What do you know about Ben Coates?
About Ben Coates? Yeah.
Nothing. Okay.
Rest my case. There's another great football fan in South Florida.
He wouldn't know Ben Coates if he took a dump on his push.
There's enough.
What do you know about?
Can't you appreciate even though you're a fan of one team?
Can't you appreciate great players on another team?
I mean, I'm a big lucky hockey.
I love the Leafs. I love the Panthers.
But I mean, does that mean I don't appreciate like great players on other like Paul Coffey on Detroit
when he had that great run, great defenseman, scored all those goals.
I didn't appreciate all these other fun.
Like Jeremy Rohnick and the playoffs comes back and scored a couple again,
beat the Leafs and at God damn Chris Chalios,
that we tried to beat the living crap out of him.
He just came back and stuck it to us and beat us in the playoffs, the Leafs.
He got to have a lot of...
He may not like those guys because they kill you,
but you got to appreciate admit when somebody's got a talent.
When I was a kid growing up, I was a Yankee fan in the American League, a big Pirates fan in the Nation League.
Pete Rose, I hated him like Poison.
Forget about the gambling. I'm just talking to his player.
I hated him because he'd kill a Pirates.
But does that mean I don't recognize the tremendous talent?
He sucks on a year.
But I mean, if he don't belong in a Hall of Fame, who the hell does?
He was great.
But Miami fans see they're not fans.
They're not knowledgeable. They're not sport.
I mean, you don't know Ben Coates and you're supposed to be a God damn football fan.
And I come on here that one day I said,
Ken Norton Jr. is the best guy that middle linebacker.
He could eat Brian Cox up alive or breakfast.
They don't know Ken Norton Jr. from senior, from anybody.
From Ken Griffey Jr.
These are sports fans, my ass.
All they are front runners who want a latch on the latch.
Let's have lunch with latch and give last Tuesday scores.
Not from last, yesterday, Tuesday, but last Tuesday.
Nobody will know the difference because it's Miami.
By the way, the Pirates just swept a double header from the Marlins.
1123 at W.O.
Oh, Jesus.
Turn on a radio and they're playing scores from three days before on QAM.
And I mentioned that the other day.
Nobody even has a comment about it like, oh, yeah.
How could people believe that?
How can you accept that?
And you think that's a goddamn sports station?
By the way, San Diego just knocked off the dolphins.
W-I-O-D South Florida swears by us.
Or is that at us?
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Now facts me, babe.
Yeah, what was that song request you made?
You get in touch just facts me, dude.
Facts me now and if you would,
Facts me, I can't, it feels so good.
So anyway, that's a good idea.
We're getting a few facts in here.
And of course, all these people,
well, we're not going to call because we're very busy.
They want to let us call on the Orifice.
The FBI is watching.
Whatever the, seven, nine, five, eighty, four, eighteen.
I want a hundred facts in here by two o'clock.
I want requests.
I want complaints.
I want names.
I want shoe size.
I want pictures.
I want diagrams.
I want drawings.
I want whatever you want.
God, what?
Rhymes with seven, nine, five, eighty, four, eighteen.
It's not eight, seven, nine, five, eighty, four, eighteen.
Is that facts number?
Let's go.
Let's get those facts.
It's pouring in here.
It's pouring outside.
I want to see him pouring in here on the inside.
Okay.
Let's get these people a hobby.
Get them something to do.
Make this a part of their lives.
Again, look at that raining air.
Every guy in there in place.
Even had little donut hole in the middle of this thing.
It finally couldn't protect it anymore, man.
The arms of the Lord opened up.
And he's just unleashing a tremendous torrent.
And if you're going to be locked in the house with somebody
like, at least do it between the sheets.
Put a sheet in there with a sorted sizes.
Oh, we got lunch from Charahud coming by the way.
Oh, and that guy don't like that either.
I'm going to tell you that guy.
I wish I could have, I should have kept him on the whole show.
I loved him.
That's Scott Schmendrick, whatever his name was.
He was great because talking about eating on the air.
There was never more eating on the air than on a Zaytad days.
Capriety used to be on the floor by eight thirty in the morning.
He'd be passed out on the floor from eating so much in that goddamn control.
And we would be having lunch because we used to get up forward in the morning.
So by the time seven, eight o'clock rolls,
around it's long time for you.
We're having cheeseburgers.
We're having pizzas.
Our buddy read from pizza hut used to be in it with a goddamn pizza.
We used to pick out all the goddamn time.
Okay.
This guy's an expert on a goddamn show on Zaytad.
He wouldn't know that show if we played the goddamn tapes all over again at guy.
Mr. Hot Shot.
That's busy trying to get a date with Randy's old nose.
Mr. Big Shot.
Mr. Programming expert.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
There you go.
Eh.
Much on this.
Look it and stick it.
Neil Neil Neil Neil Neil
Click it and stick it.
That's always a good idea.
It's like with a poston stamp,
always lick it before you stick it on the envelope.
You can think of anything else that you ought to lick before you.
Ugh.
Man, I'm getting choked out from this, come get in emotional now.
This is, this is De De Baby.
I told you yesterday, yesterday was just a beginning.
We're just scratching the the edges off the outer shell of the M&M.
Today we're getting on the inside
Dania
Open line of Broward 5249463 524
Cheryl who?
Cheryl Griffin
Did we ever have anybody here named Cheryl Griffin? Is that what he said?
See why don't you get the names right? Okay, and by the way time Denim Burr couldn't do it standing up
Tom Denim Burr couldn't do it sitting down. Tom Denim Burr couldn't do it laying down
And speaking of Tom Denim Burr that guy must be psychic because who was telling me the other day that he almost hit somebody coming out of the
Who was the rain from TCI? Oh marine that's right from TCI cables
She was saying she was coming out down the road and Tom Denim Burr came flying out of McDonald's
Which is about his speed and nearly wiped her ass out there right in the road nice going time you're consistent
You're still the same little puts we love you Tom
Here is a boi in peach hello
Neil yes
Your show is like really cool and stuff. Yeah
Yeah, we have cool
Here's Sunrise hello a Neil how's it going? Okay pal?
I don't understand all these people calling up telling you that
That you're I don't know whatever that your show is no good anymore because I've been listening for about a year
And I turn all my friends on to the show you turned your friends on yeah to the show they love it then there you go and
And the show too. Yeah, and I don't know
What was it you think I call it up saying about the problem with the show is that you're gay that's the problem
What's wrong with that guy? He's like a retarder. His boyfriend just left him. He's pissed. He's jealous. Yeah pissed off
He should go stick it somewhere
But he can't he gets the problem. He can't too small
I just call it up man. You're the greatest I wake up to you every day. Okay pal
All right, have a great life. Okay. Okay. There we go. There's a guy loves me. He loves me
He wants you. He wants you. They want you. They want you. Come on. Let's go have a tricky pool. Let's go get drunk
They want you they want to buy a show they got money on the table. Come on. They want you
Here's a radio station with a drunken fall-down program director with a general manager that keeps walking around
The smiling and everybody like everything's perfect that avoids every possible problem and confrontation by just pretending
He didn't existed that don't return your goddamn phone calls
This is a place with a what a promotion bitch that runs around screaming in the hell of everybody because she's on a rag
29 days see every other woman like her age
It's like one day and the other day she's off this one. She's on all month long and like one day of the month she awips it out
She is brutal. Hey, we could go down a whole goddamn list here man
Then we got a net who brings in her cousin this morning the city of the goddamn controller while I'm on the year
And I think it's an intern. I'm thinking why do they keep doing this to me George?
You've got a trainees intern board ops while I'm on the year and it's just some young lady who's sitting in there and George is making
Google wise at her because you know
Because she's there and she probably had bad big hooters
But I couldn't see across the guy damn counter did she have big hooters or what they were all right? They were okay
They were round and firm and fully packed
But not big enough and not round enough and not here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
And Neil good morning. How are you?
I want you to know that my family and I are on our way back from Hawks K in
Marathon we were in the lagoon there
Every single person there was talking about the Atkins diet. How do you like that?
So how do you like that? I want you to know and I've been listening to you
How come they're not talking to me about it though? How come they won't give me the goddamn cred?
You know that book is the soft cover the the the paperback is number one not only on the bestseller list in South Florida
It's also now number one in New York the book has been out for months and months and months and months and months and months and the impact of this
God damn show has made that already number one on the New York Times God damn
Whatever the list is exactly the point that I want to make for guys like that. What's his name?
Scott what is it called before?
Scott rhymes with not not only do you get the biggest ratings in town? Yeah, not only are you the and you know
I don't want to be sucking out but
But the fact of the matter is that you're impacting on so many people's lives
That's right. I did something good for people and this guy says well your ratings are gonna go to who gives a crap
Okay, what do you got a six or a seven who gives a crap or a five five?
This guy's mr. ratings expert now to he probably has a date with Mark Bell Monty tonight
I want you to know that before my wife and I my kids get home
We're stopping at the first bookstore that we pass. We're getting the act and died and we're starting it lunch
Okay pal nail you're the best good luck to your sweetheart. Yeah
All between four and eight inches maybe widespread along the central east coast south Florida as much as eight inches
Possibly much of the rainfall said you're a gra some flooding is possible in the watch area
All persons should monitor the weather situation be prepared act quickly flooding is observed or warning is issued
Stay tuned and no weather radar or local radio or TV for latest information additional statements be issued as needed signed as Pazito
Phil Espazito
He had a crappy hockey team over there in Tampa now he's working for the goddamn weather channel
How do you like that how the mighty a fallen baby Phil Espazito is now the weather guy printing the stuff up on the goddamn computer
16 W I O D if your neighbors don't complain you don't have it turned up loud enough
Okay, how's those faxes coming in?
No, we got a hundred of me at or what?
795 84 18 I'm serious if we don't have at least 200 faxes by noon
I'm gonna take this place. I'm gonna burn it right to the goddamn ground out here. How much it rains
I know where all the bodies are buried in this building. I'm gonna go up and ask Cheryl
Cosino's where they're really all buried
I wouldn't be surprised that they have a few former PDs and GMs like just seriously in the vents somewhere
Because when very corn came here with the crew and they cleaned the vents out he said something really stinks in his walls, baby
I wouldn't be surprised if Rene re used to hide his stash in there
I bet you we got enough vodka in here to supply the whole guy damn what used to be the Soviet Union
Come on can you imagine if Steve Nichol and Rene re were here at the same time
Wow
Here's a pember pines on a purple line hello
Hello Neil yes
Listen now you're a god yeah
I'm gonna tell you differently and I'll put it stuck in
Yeah you're right
Yeah I can suck a little harder
Okay
I would like to hear it for whatever even I would like to hear the voice of your experience to me yes
I would like to hear it for ever
Whether it seems like any wave in my voice and you show for two years but thank god we're
I think it's awesome you anyway
My wife uh they're just a bunch of malcontents you know they say I'm the one that's a malcontent
I could be a really happy guy even though this is a bum fork town
I could be a pretty happy guy if I had an audience that was like a live man
I would that would just it would just change my whole existence. See they don't want that
They tune into Hermi bitching gripe and carry on they love that they just wait to see how much aggravation they can dole out
You understand that
I know I know where you coming from that's this town man
You know I go and work every day too
Yeah the first two or three hours all we do work we get nothing done we just talk about your show and what you say
There you go I risk my case
If I ever went off the ear in this town this town would dry up like a goddamn prune
It would just be a big wrinkle on the map
And as far as the guy who comes to the ear and shock anymore
Yeah
Say the truth and that's shocking enough because everyone else was full of well you know
Yeah
Anyway my wife listens to you use listening to the show back when you're on zeta
And she thinks that you're not and she doesn't listen anymore or whatever
She's a big pill Henry fan. Yeah, so she doesn't like me. She likes feel Henry
That's okay. Oh, okay, yeah, and she says why do you listen to him you raise me time. I'm like we we talking about
Well, what the hell does that mean? What does he not like about the show? What is she dislike about the show?
I know she thinks that you're too hateful. I don't know where she gets that from
I'm too hateful and so in other words, you can't stand the truth smelly bitch
Have a great day, Pat. Exactly. Thank you. I ditched the bitch
We have an open line on the purple line pound. I would him too. I hateful. She's listening right now
You're in the closet sweetie come on put away to pocket rocket and reach over and twist it out
You can shut it off. You're taking it personal. I know you're listening right now honey. You're not full and me
Fill Henry is god by the way. Don't anybody start picking on my good buddy feel Henry
Okay, because you know, and there's another guy. I've got to talk to him self-alding now
He's a wassidal and especially I hope he doesn't see this okay
If he sees this thing that Mark Bell Monty put together, how can you have a smaller audience 12 plus which is the whole audience in the ratings 12 plus means
Everybody except little punky kids who don't count I mean everybody
How can you have like half the audience 12 plus that you've got 25 to 50 or these numbers are all bogus every monthly number
And here is wrong and they're paying Mark Bell Monty to be the research director here
See one good thing about this outfit man
It's not just like they hire an incompetent person in promotions. They hire an incompetent PD all up and down a line baby
Outside of a couple people on the air like yours truly all up and down a line
It's a bunch of incompetence just besides me and Georgian Phil and Rick and suds. I had to say that because Rick is very emotional
Besides me and Georgian Phil oh, sorry
Come on Rick put you up a little and by the way happy birthday suds is 51 and they don't look a guy damn day over 50 that guy
See what all those baloney sandwiches do for and he's losing weight on the atkins. That's right. He's on it
What does that tell you he even left that basket with that candy? I don't know where it went because I made sure we got it out of here
He even left that you got it. I took it downstairs. Well, how do you like that?
Because he don't want to eat it because he's he's doing it even though he is a lush. He's on it
Here's a lady in the Palm Beach a lady. I can't get over there. Hi Neil. How you doing? Oh really great
Listen, I'm sitting here listening to you and I wanted to know if you could play lpga for me
lpga yeah, you know, though. Are you a die? Are you a die or something? No, but it really reminds me of my mother
Are she a die? He's a lesbian atheist. Oh really? She's a jome Crawford want to be
Something like that. She's not fooling anybody with her shoulder pads. He always does find her letters mommy dear
Yeah, well, okay, well in closing and no more wire hangers
Exactly in closing
Okay, thanks out of yours. You're a ghost
But you're fine
She already did what's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love hidden balls
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
Lick it and stick it
I let my girlfriend. He's all-sum-catty. She's the family. I'm the book. She calls me daddy
Must die that five-tuney taco. All right, it's still ladies golf to me
My favorite hole it doesn't have any number agree or a fairway
Don't threaten me because I'm a snapper lapper. I play golf and I'm gay
I'm a
T. Time got caught in clubhouse
There's me golf is the only time with the girls. I'm gay. Let's play L-U-G-A
Still ladies golf to me
And ride his disgrace chips at all my face. It's still ladies golf to me
Oh, all right, what thing in dance to its bathroom? Maybe that's why the paper boy kept beating them up all the time
Anyway, it's 1042 somewhere in 1145 here. So I'm watching this weather channel
Why did I promote them? I mean, I do I enjoy watching that weather map. That tells you how boring this town is
Go home and the afternoon. What do I do? I sit down? I don't turn on guiding light anymore
And what about this guiding light they're bringing Riva back first. She was a ghost now. She's a nun somewhere
She's dead. She was in Rome. They couldn't find her then all of a sudden she comes back
She's a ghost. They're talking to the ghost. She's dead now. She's alive. Or is she alive in his Alan dead or is he alive?
I'd at Riva Shane. I heard her voice on the phone there. So anyway instead of watching that crap
I'm watching a weather channel for hours
Oh look at that. It's pouring in Pittsburgh and it's up there in Batavia, man
There's a big funnel Dick Fennel cloud come and look at these a big boomers coming at it one right after the other right across the
God damn Atlantic with that Ebola virus in them
All that embedded stuff that's in it. That's not rain man. That's the virus. There's a funuous among you
And it's coming from Zaire straight to here
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes
Don Schiller's losing it once again. Oi
He's out of excuses. Yeah, he is. That's right there. That's why I told that guy
How do you like a guy who calls here and I ask him about Ben Coats? He's telling me Eric Green is the best
He don't even know who he doesn't even know who Ben Coats is. He doesn't know Ben Coats from any coats from Ben Alexander from Ben
Frankl. I've asked him. Well, who's the coach of the New England Patriots this year? Right exactly with no parcels from
Who knows from who knows really
Uh anyways, you know, Bill parcels from Bill Stern. I'm telling you know I'm a dolphin fan. I'd like to see them win
Yeah, you know because I grew up here Miami, but you got the brainstem man. It's like
I have a handy cramp. Don Schiller's there man ain't going anywhere. It's a handy crib. Let me tell you something
Don Schuhl if any other coach were in this town we need some help. Oh, yeah, we need some we didn't get it done
If if any other coach were in this town and hadn't won a Super Bowl in 23 years. Yeah
They'd be gone especially with the day especially with a Dan marino on the team. What's he used now? I love your questions
That poor guy man. He deserves something better than this. That's right. You know, I mean he just can't get it done
And his offense and defensive coordinators. Don't worry. The absolute worst. Do I mean how well who makes who believes that
They're gonna wake up one day and get smart. Oh, never gonna happen. They're okay in college and that was it
Yep, and that was it. They should have stayed in college. That's right. They had the best talent that the drug money could buy
Yeah, maybe somebody will offer him a job. Okay, pal. The little the little school the little nuns of sister Teresa's or other okay
We'll ask Riva how she's doing. Have a great day, pal. I'm in an enclosure. Yes. Can you do the OJ OJ
That's wrong OJ OJ
OJ is gonna get you yeah, yeah, the one that the Stefan does the voice of a Stefan Gloria Stefan one
The one that Gloria as that I mean that's her song, but don't you I mean
No, I know that on by the way before I play it. Yeah wait till you're this I'm at the dentist this morning getting this chip
Tooth repaired. Oh man. What do you think they're listening and this guy's a listener of mine obviously because he was
Suck it up pretty hard
But who do you think they're listening to they got the coast on how'd you let's not bad enough in the dentist here without the coast in the background
And here's this putt so it is gooen. They got on the morning trying to be a comedian doing stick. Oh my god
Well, they just wanted to put you to sleep without using any kind of work like a charm
Have a great day pal. Hey, thanks for watching
You can
You can
You can
You can
They call
You
David cage. You're sticking up your ass baby
What a job that night
When she turned off all the lights
There's no place where she could hide
Oh
J went out to kill her oh
J went out to kill her oh
Kill her
Oh
J went out to kill her
One day the jury's gonna set free
Oh
We know we stood ahead you're with me oh, yeah, I know she's gonna get you
It's true oh
I
And then he'll get away with that one to
Oh, she's gonna get you know
Oh
Oh
J's gonna get you
She's gonna get you oh
Oh, she's gonna get you one night
Oh
Oh
You can
You can
Oh
Oh
J
You can
You can
All right
I
Oh
Yeah
You
You

She's gonna get you, oh she's gonna get you.
Oh, oh she's gonna get you tonight.
610 WIOD.
Our job is to blow your mind.
Everybody, pucker up, baby.
Lug 53 at WIOD, the greatest record in the history
of the Hullaray South State again.
When I started playing the CS today,
it gave me the inspiration to go on and on and on.
Come on, get those backs. It's going, baby, right now.
We want critiques. Don't hold back, baby.
Just rip us an ass.
Like I said, anybody doesn't like that song.
Your taste is deep in your sphincter.
Okay, I'll tell you that right now.
If you don't like Alan Parsons' project
and especially I in your fly
and forget it, you don't know from taste.
What the hell is George doing back there?
I said, we get any faxes yet.
He went flying, spinning down a hall like a goddamn human dreidel
and that was the end of it.
And looking at the way that thing on a weather map
keeps spinning around and around.
I'm waiting for Perry Coleman to start singing.
Him or Bud Davies.
And Dave County on the most part
we're like getting off easy on this
because the Lord is looking down
protecting all the illegal aliens.
Here's Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I didn't like that song.
You don't like the eye in the sky?
No, I don't.
Oh my god. What were you been...
You got to get back to the motown.
You got to get back to the motown.
Yeah.
I got a request when I'm back.
Yeah, but that other guy from Palm Beach
don't like the motown.
Oh, screw him.
He's a slime ball.
I loved that old guy that was calling up earlier.
I'm glad you let him on.
He was the best.
That was hilarious.
I love him.
Your big Patriot fan, right?
Yes, sir.
Do you see the game with the Eagles?
No, I don't watch these exhibitionist games.
No. They don't mean anything.
I was just curious, sir.
The Patriot's got rid of it.
It's 10 Turner.
Yeah.
Why?
He looked pretty good in that game with you.
But they're bringing in Ted Turner.
Huh?
The bringing in Ted Turner is going to take his spot.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Well, that'll be great.
He's got his...
That's right.
He's going to do the workouts and he's going to have the big balls.
All right.
Okay, pal.
Go Patriot.
Drew Bletsow is God.
All right, I doubt it.
Randall's God.
There you go.
Hey, Neil, request when you get back to the motel.
Tony Randall's God, yeah.
Temptations with David Ruffin singing.
Oh, David Ruffin.
Now, you know what I wish we had?
What becomes of the broken hearted?
Is that the name of the song?
Yes.
By David Ruffin?
Oh, man.
That's one of the greatest songs.
I'll find it.
And if I don't find it, I'll sing it myself.
No, that's not him.
That's not him.
What?
No, David Ruffin didn't do that.
The hell he didn't.
Are you sure about that?
Positive.
Without the temptations, David Ruffin.
Who did that?
No, I want to make...
Who did that, George?
I thought it was David Ruffin.
All right, now I got to look it up at the pool.
Percy, Percy, face.
Not Percy's sledge.
Get out of here.
Percy's sledge.
Percy's sledge.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Percy, face.
Yeah, okay.
Get out of here, Pat.
You know nothing.
Ted Turner.
What am I looking for?
What becomes?
Oh, yeah, but what I thought I was going to look up David Ruffin.
Wouldn't that be easier?
Then looking up the guy they made the individual song?
I guess not.
Okay, whatever you say, whatever you say,
you're calling all the shots, you're having all the broads in there.
What becomes of the broken hearted?
Where is it?
Earth TV wonder.
Wonder if you ever saw that picture of him.
Oh, Jimmy Ruffin.
Jimmy Ruffin.
We don't know our roughens from our muffins, man.
It's Jimmy Ruffin.
Not David Ruffin.
David Ruffin was lead singer of the temptations.
Okay, I'm sorry, pal.
Please play Baby Hold On by the Grassroots.
Don't have the grass roots.
We used to have the grass roots, but that one in which one of my favorite groups.
It was stolen.
Sorry.
You asked why South Florida doesn't respond to your show.
I'll tell you one word, attitude yours.
W-I-O-D's, and in reaction to anyone rating that speaks and acts totally negatively.
This is a great fact.
Look, I was born in Miami Beach, raised in an educated year with perseverance.
I prospered here.
South Florida doesn't owe me a thing.
I've listened to W-I-O-D since the 1950s.
Oh, geez, since the 1950s.
Uh-oh.
When W-I-O-D was Miami Beach's flagship radio identity.
My father moved here from Detroit in 1927.
It goes on and on and on.
Nowadays, it seems fashionable to put down South Florida, to pawn, pawn, and all the blemish.
You had to talk about the reality of it.
Okay, you're living in the past, baby.
Let's go to the famous for dinner tonight.
Okay?
You're living in the past.
Secondly, the adolescent format of your show, the morning and groaning about life.
Oh, woe is me.
I said that every day on here, oh woe is me, baby.
The childish foul language, the unfunny references to bodily functions at parts pertaining to their two.
Come on.
This sort of childish diatribe isn't really radio.
You want my idea of what would work on IOD?
Tom Likus would work.
He has without a doubt the best talks you want in radio.
That's why he's gotten fired in every market he's ever been in, including by this company twice.
He doesn't swear.
He doesn't moan.
He talks about interesting controversial.
The Howard Stern wannabe's are yesterday's news.
Like I said, get a clue unsigned.
Is it?
Oh no, it's got up here.
Rod Barkin.
He's barking up the wrong tree.
Baby Tom Likus.
Oh, Jesus.
Who obviously listens to the show?
How could he have found out I wanted to facts?
I mean, how far were we?
We were already, it was what?
About 1130.
I said we were about 100 facts.
So he was listening for an hour and a half already.
But he doesn't like the show.
It doesn't listen to it.
It's too childish and amateurish.
And too many, too many farts.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello.
Is this, uh, am I on here?
Yeah, this is me.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
A friend of mine told me something about the acumen style.
Yeah.
I got to lose about 80 pounds.
Are you still on it, Neil?
Yeah.
It does work.
It's great.
What do I have to do just by the book?
The book would be a good start.
The reason there are less call ins on your show with no topic
than when you do have a topic is because most of the people
in your listening area and our listening area are mindless
tools who know to say even when I do throughout 85 topics,
they don't call so you're missing the point pal.
But anyway, it says in other words, they can't remember
for a minute to minute what's on their mind.
Okay, that's good.
Good point.
Neil, could you please play the card of Steve King walking
into the production room and the light is on and somebody calls
him an asshole.
Remember when the ego was working there and you were doing
Camilla sauce and Steve would not make a donation right?
That's right.
That's why he puts down the homeless to rationalize the fact
that he's too cheap and don't want to make a donation.
Did you hear Bob was choosing Luzon is being considered
for WFA and to do overnight maybe WQA.
Oh my God.
There's going to be anybody at Piper High like it says here
in the facts.
Come on down to QA M and they'll put you on here immediately.
It's like 275 an hour and you work your way down from there, baby.
The home of Neil Rogers and the best legal staff money can buy.
610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
