This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Oh yeah!
Ever how old is the story the same?
There are kids at the store all driving me insane.
Just like characters to see on TV.
I'm handling, I can't let life keep on screen.
Everybody's come to trick or treat.
Keep on walking, I can't get no reason.
I'm on a treat what will they do to me?
All the kids are here to treat me for treat.
I'm on a ranger just getting my door.
I've been through up, I'm on a living room floor.
With a thussle of my brain in the car.
This how we face a girl too far.
All the kids are in a trick or treat.
Run out of candy and I'll be dead meat.
Pink ol' and a pink, full of me.
Gonna scare with a flashlight and be watching.
All the kids are in a trick or treat.
So evidently the devil must have like a real, he's a chocoholic or something like that.
All these kids go around every year on Halloween and what they do is they gather all his candy and they take it to the altar of the devil.
And he just sucks it all up because it's a satanic ritual, right?
It's a pagan ritual, you heathen.
I told you he used to play shortstop for the pirates, Jose.
But anyway, it's 1007 at WOD, happy Halloweeny and it's just a fun thing for the kids.
Don't be putting any poison in a key, you know, these people out there, I'm serious.
That should be immediately be shot.
And of course, only in America, but you that doesn't have anywhere else in the world.
We're in the last several years now.
There are a lot of parents if they're smart, they keep their kids home or they definitely go with them.
And you know, they like watch everything, including the apples.
Don't take any apples because that's the favorite for sticking pins and needles and all kinds of crap in the middle of apples.
Don't you just love people who do crap like that?
So anyway, God, there is so much damn crap going on.
Of course, I know it won't get any calls, but that's beside the point.
We got the game that I we got the Panthers and the islanders.
Jody Hall's got a broken rib, he'll be out for about two weeks.
That's bad news.
If it's Patrick's going to be starting in gold and I we got 4,500 seats on soul.
Ticketmaster is open right now for the Panther practice.
I got like 1800 of those and $9 seats.
So you better get with the program.
Okay, I don't want to go there tonight and see 3, 4000 empty seats.
There is no excuse.
We got the hottest team in the game.
They're 7 and 3. They got 14 points.
They're right up there just under the flyers and near the top of the goddamn conference, near the top of the league.
And the least this time can do is support something.
I even heard the what's what they call him.
The the dead mouse, whatever he is Joe Rose this morning.
I heard him for like a minute, a punch over there and he's talking about what a deadhead town is doing that doesn't support anything.
Who else has been saying that for years, Joe.
But for crying out loud, we got something good.
It looks really good on this arena thing.
They're talking serious.
I mean, they got a time problem.
They got a really hurry.
This thing along with least the taxpayers are going to have to pay for it.
They're going to have the bed tax and it looks like we might get something done.
Finally, finally, wouldn't that be a miracle?
So let's get your ass out there to the arena tonight.
Islanders were going to kick their ass right into oblivion and see a little bit of a motivate.
I don't know.
Is it going to happen?
Is it not going to happen?
My confidence is not high, not in this time.
Anyway, we got to center one thing going and I was talking to Adam just a moment ago.
Evidently, there was a major contra-tomps that took place in the station yesterday, which I knew nothing about, but evidently Phil Henry, who is generally...
But the the...
Yeah, generally, Mr. Reloqy and Mr. Vericom, cool and collected and not a sh...
I told you, I told you, just sit back and wait and sooner or later Phil Henry is going to catch on to this place and he's going to understand what's going on.
Evidently, yesterday, he just lost it.
But I don't want to get into that yet.
So the center one campaign starts tomorrow.
You might want to write down his phone number.
We don't have an 800 number this year and I'm pretty pissed off about that because the 800 number of suppliers for whatever reason, well, who knows.
But we do have a number at center one.
They'll take your phone orders for the t-shirts and the cassettes and the CDs just like every year.
The best of stuff, which is this year, the best ever. I guarantee I promised that.
It's super.
Especially the one with that the new unplugged volume two with my stunt ass on a cover. It's a beautiful thing.
And they'll be taking phone orders starting tomorrow at 9.54.
Now, can somebody straighten me out on that thing?
Because I know that that's the new area code and Broward, but...
If you still call 305, it still rings, right?
I'll try it right now.
Huh?
You're trying what? What are you going to call? This number?
No, home.
Oh, get a call home and see what the deal is.
Anyway, 9.54 area code 561 0078.
561 0078, center one. That's going to be the number for your phone orders.
And then, of course, we're going to have all this stuff at the border stores all over town, including Coral Springs,
on North University Drive, having Chura Kendall, and Fort Lauderdale and Bocca Stores opening like in the middle of November,
which will be great too.
Our first appearance out with all the good stuff will be this Sunday from 1 to 3 at the Fashion Mall and Plantation.
That's the Macy's Mall on University Drive.
And a good thing we're doing this year is everybody is going to be there at each one of these appearances,
instead of having me in one place and fill in another and reconcile someplace else.
All four of us will be like at the thing.
It does what?
What's the other area code? 9.45?
You can try 9.45. That does not work. 9.54.
Oh, 9.54.
So we just learned something. 9.45 doesn't work.
9.54 is the new area code. Why did they have to do that?
Then we got the Canadian election last night, which when you got a satellite dish and you can watch that's,
what is it? That doesn't work either?
305 works.
So why are we putting that on there if it doesn't even work?
Okay, I'm crossing that out.
Okay, I'm crossing that out. 5.6.1.0078.
Forget about the goddamn area code because it's usual.
I don't want to say there's going to be any screw ups in this because I know that Sarah's got a firm hand on it.
Trust me, I saw it.
We got that Canadian thing going on.
Then we got an editorial in the Sunsendel today, which really frost my ass.
You know, you know, you news paper people, you dim newspaper people who,
nobody's regulating them. Okay, so they're hot shots.
They're very big to talk about freedom of speech and about the restrained in the broadcast media.
But when it comes to themselves and all the crap that they put in there and spread their editorial opinions on the front pages all the time,
then it's a different story.
But all of a sudden today they come up with this very self-righteous as usual editorial.
The lead editorial in the Sunsendel, if I can ever find a guy damn thing here,
talk shows can clean up their acts or risk getting clipped by outsiders.
This is about the latest flack that's going on about the TV talking head shows,
which I referred to yesterday.
And as repugnant as those show show's are to me, most of them, in fact,
there's one on what what's your four right now.
Another one of these stupid things.
And it's always the same.
Look at this. We got a bunch of very middle class, well-dressed black people on the air.
Oh, this is Ronda.
And most of the audience are black.
Or it's either that or we have a half a dozen trailer park trash people on there screaming at each other.
But you know something, there are millions of people watching this crap.
I say if you don't like it, turn it off. It'll go off the air.
It'll go away.
That's called a free marketplace.
And all of a sudden people like Jerry Springer talk about a spineless piece of crap.
Oh, yeah, well, you're right. You got to point it.
I don't want to do any more of this. Yeah, right.
What what a bunch of crap that is, okay?
That's what the media that's what we're all about.
We're a bunch of horrors. We're here to horror whatever we can from the marketplace.
And whatever sells that, that's what it's all about. Period.
And this editorial, which I might even take time to read, it pisses me off so much.
You people at the Sun Sentinel are the biggest bunch of phonies I've ever encountered in my life.
And man, is it appropriate that you're here?
I think if most women could choose to reach orgasm every time they have intercourse,
I think a lot of women would say we would forfeit the multiple orgasms just in order to have an orgasm every time we have intercourse.
Passion phones, a B.M. till midnight on News Talk and Entertainment Radio.
610 W.I.O.D.
Oh, Canada, you think that you're in luck.
You stole our Alstar game, cause your own sports really suck.
You've got dog sled runs, you should lose with guns, what a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice, you think hockey's nice, cause it's played without a brain.
Who can I die?
Oh, nausea.
Give me my Alstar game, I want it back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blow-chall.
You son of a bitch.
Okay, 1017 at W.I.O.D.
Some watch you last night on the CBCA.
I will say one interesting thing about the way they do it all,
it's very boring and they don't do any exit polling up there. None of that.
And since they basically have the CBC, they got CTV and a couple of other minor networks.
But CBC, the government network, they basically are all over the goddamn country.
And if you want to see what's going on, you'll watch that or else.
But when they started counting the votes, like at about 10 after 8,
the polls closed officially at 8.
But when they started counting the votes and quote, back, they have a thing on a screen.
And it shows you like, like, tense of a point.
And they just keep it on there.
And they keep, of course, talking and BSing and doing all this stuff and wailing and carrying on.
But it was the most astonishing thing I've ever seen in between watching two hockey games.
I kept flipping back on there.
And it was never more than a half a point.
In fact, yes, the separatists were ahead for like most of the first hour and a half.
But it was never more than a half a point.
And there were times when it would swing back, it would be like 50, 50.
It would be like just a handful of votes apart. It's amazing.
And the bottom line of all of this, there's a great lesson to be learned in this.
In case we haven't already learned it from your experience with the frogs down here, okay?
And that is that this separatist bullcrap has got to go.
And the fact that this almost past and Quebec last night proves beyond a shadow of a doubt.
That we're so desperate in South Florida, the only thing that we can attract anymore in terms of tourism,
in any gigantic numbers, are the frogs.
What a sad commentary on the way the leaders in this community have taken the surf and the sand and the sun,
and turned it into desperation.
It's amazing that all we can attract are the most obnoxious.
And I say this with no reservations whatsoever.
They are the most disgusting, the most despicable, the most arrogant people on the face of the earth.
There might be a few good ones I haven't met him yet.
You show me a frog and I'll show you a real asshole.
I, he's picking on an entire group of people out.
That's right.
And as far as the people in France, I'll let you know in a few weeks, okay?
Because I guess I'm going to have to make that stop in Paris and ride the subway, play a little Russian roulette.
But I'm telling you, man, I have never seen.
I was watching all those people and all the yes people there, young and older like.
See one thing about in Germany, at least my experience in Berlin,
the older Germans, they're exactly what you'd expect.
They're just like the Nazis, they're still living in the past.
They're still trying to win World War II.
But the younger, the younger and middle age people, they're great.
They love to have a good time.
They're out there in the streets.
They, uh, they, everything is great.
It's the old people.
So even the Germans are starting to break away,
except for a few of the skinheads, there's always a few in every group.
But they're starting to break away from that mold.
But the goddamn frogs, I don't have any idea what it is with French people.
But these people have got a serious problem.
Because they speak a different language, they're in a country of 15 or 20 million people.
And because 5 million of them live in Quebec and 80% of them speak French,
Parle, Voudouche, bag, therefore we want to be a separate country.
What sense does that make?
Well, we're very proud of our head of touch.
What are you proud of?
What the hell are you proud of?
That you just blew off the French, just blew off a few more atomic weapons in the South Pacific?
Is that something to be proud of?
Or the fact that the Americans had to go in and bail your ass out twice in the goddamn world wars?
What is it that they're proud of?
They keep thinking a lot of green pieceboats.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, they're proud of that.
They're proud of the fact that every time there's a goddamn terrorist in the world who's got no else to go,
he can always go to France because they've never met a terrorist they don't like.
What do they got to be proud of?
They're disgusting.
Even their language, it's so gutterable, it sounds like they haven't had a good BM.
I bet you even the British have had a good BM sooner, more recently than the goddamn French.
And this business of why you can't have a sign in English because we're going to throw your ass in jail and we're going to find you.
We've seen so much of that right here in Dade County and then one thing, you know,
Newt King Rich is one of the most frightening people I've ever seen,
but there's one thing that he's right about and that's this bilingualism crap.
Of course, he's coming, we know where he's coming from on it.
And it's interesting that a lot of the people who support him, especially in Dade County,
like probably 98% of our no-speak in English, people in Dade love Newt King Rich
because of what they think he stands for, and at many times he hates them like poison.
But if you're going to be a part of the program, baby, speak the goddamn language.
Period.
And that's one of the things they should have done years ago in Canada was said,
you know, they should have said English is the language and if you want to, well, you know, be a part of the country,
do your best to learn because that's the way it is.
And don't start passing any goddamn provincial laws because it's a bunch of bull crap.
It would be like every group of people that we have in America who speak some foreign language.
Well, we're going to start our own country because we don't like the way you're treating us.
We're proud of our past.
What is that all about?
Here's a bunch of 19 and 20-year-old kids out there running around and screaming and having a good time,
which basically a lot of them were laughing and yucking it up last night.
And they're proud of their past and their heritage, which means what?
They're goddamn Canadians.
They're currency ain't worth a crap.
And partly because of their crappy attitude.
So let me say it right here and now.
I think, especially since it's almost the first in November,
it's getting close to the season if it ever arrives in its God for second place.
You know, we ought to put up gigantic billboards.
Frogs go home, okay?
Parley Vougue lost.
Give them all a goddamn roadmap with a one-way arrow pointing north on 9.95.
Go back where you came from.
We don't want you here. We don't care how desperate we are.
You know, that would force the hand of the chamber of commerce people and the other assholes in this town
to start doing something to attract living and breathing tourists back in this area.
Besides the goddamn frogs.
Because the behavior that you see here, the cheapness, the driving, the obnoxious attitudes,
these are no different than what goes on up there.
I'm sure. These are frogs.
Their frog is a frog.
A Pepsi is a Pepsi.
A Quebecer is a Quebecer, man.
Aregant obnoxious, disgusting, and rude.
And God, do I hope we hear from some of them today?
We won't. We never hear from them on this show.
Almost never.
And don't tell me they don't listen because they were, remember a couple of years ago, they had the cameras down here.
They wanted to get me off the air. Everybody wants.
Everybody else off the air if you don't agree.
And then the Sunsental have a lead at a twirl saying,
you got to get point. Let's get them off the air.
I say we ban a Sunsental. How do you like that?
Into the bookstore lately, can you believe Borders Books and Music?
Can you imagine Neorodger's unplugged?
The best of Phil Hendry?
The best of Rickincads?
For sale at Borders Books and Music?
1995's Best of WIOD, CDs and cassettes?
Benefitting Center One?
On sale at Borders Books and Music Wednesday?
From News Talk and Entertainment Radio, 610 WIOD.
Okay, 1026 at WIOD.
By the way, also I have a copy of the article about Chromium Pecolonate by Jane Brody.
What is this from though?
Dartmouth College and George Washington Medical Center are where their research is ongoing about Chromium Pecolonate.
But it says the dietary supplement popular among fitness buffs and people trying to lose weight has been shown in tests done on sales grown in the laboratory to cause severe damage to chromosomes.
Although no animal studies of the supplements cancer causing potential have yet been done,
the genetic changes observed in the laboratory suggest that this widely sold supplement could be carcinogenic in other words caused cancer.
So if you're one of those people on the Atkins who's jumped onto bandwagon of this thing,
you want to think about that.
I'm not taking it anymore and I'm not ever going to take it.
And my doctor has never taken it from the beginning and he's still lost over 30 pounds and looks great on the Atkins.
So obviously you don't need it and I think it's just a big hype job.
Okay, let's do a Cooper City.
Hello?
Oh, now?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got some great news.
Yes?
In this month's playboy, they go after the Christian coalition, Newt Gindrich and Creation Science. Did you hear about this?
No.
Oh, they're talking about how these people believe in talking snake.
Do they want to teach that to school at your Eve talk to snake?
Yeah.
They want to teach that lions didn't eat meat in the garden of Eden and that 400 year old man.
Well, she did wrestle with one snake, I'm sure of that. That's what Adam told me.
Yeah, and they wanted 400 year old men or father and children.
They ain't no Gindrich about this and he goes, I don't want to answer because either way I answer, I'm going to look bad.
Yeah, that's a good political answer from a snake in the grass.
But at about time they're finally going after what's in the Bible, I mean, these people can't...
Well, wait a minute, you say they're finally going. This was in playboy?
Great boy, this month.
So, but why does that come as a shock to you? Playboy and penthouse have been writing stuff like that for years
because it's only degenerates like you and I who read stuff like that.
Yeah, but if you would watch a crossfire on Creation Science, they would never mention Adam and Eve and all that stupidity that's in there.
Yeah.
I just thought I'd play it.
If they brought Pat Buchanan back, I'll guarantee you he would.
You don't probably say something about Adam and Steve too, yeah?
Did you hear the Rick and Sud at the end, with those guys we're talking about what happened on your family channel last night?
No.
On channel four, and start...
Oh, about some lesbian thing?
I can't believe it. On Star Trek, it's seven o'clock. They got girls doing each other.
On the family loving channel, whatever they call that. Right after the news.
They had a lesbian scene in Star Trek?
And Star Trek.
Yeah.
At 730 on channel four.
Yeah, but were they doing it in a family sensitive way?
I guess so, man. I don't understand.
Yeah. I just think they can do that.
No, I understand if you use your pocket rocket, that's family sensitive.
Okay, pal.
All right, bye.
Have a great life.
Bye.
Open line of day at 7509463-751-WIOD.
We have one in Broward, 524-WIOD, and two on a green lines, in Boca Palm Beach, et cetera.
1-800-944-9463.
So we just got a whole Polporea crap going on.
Of course, whether we're getting any spots or not, that's a problem-adical.
By the way, don't forget that 1-900-all-neal number, which I was out sick almost all last week,
so I only gave you a shot about it on Monday.
But for those who can't either get enough of the show by listening to it for free,
or those who are a massacist, or those who want to leave a caustic message,
or those who just, you know, and I think the good idea, those to have everybody call their friends in Tampa,
and everybody they know all over the country, and say, gee, you got to hear Neil Rogers,
and if you don't want to call it on the show, just 1-900-all-neal, ALL, and EIL.
And it's what? Is it a buck 49 to 1st minute, 99 cents a minute after that?
And have them listen for like four or five hours.
What are you laughing about?
The longer you listen to more money, we make. What's wrong with that?
See, I'm not going to give you one of these 900 numbers where we lie about it,
and say we're going to educate you and stimulate you.
It's another scam to make some money. What's wrong with that?
1-900-all-neal, I think everybody should be forced to call even the frogs,
so they can hear the terrible things I'm saying about them.
Here's the call from FIU. Hello?
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
OK.
Listen, I wanted to speak about the thing that's starting today, the pig patrol.
You know, it's amazing.
Well, you increased pork, yeah.
Yeah. It's an amazing thing that these guys sit around in the legislatures all year long,
bitching about how they need more money and more money and more money,
and when they finally get more money, they buy all this expensive equipment
that they could put all these staff guys under bridges with radar guns.
Right. You know?
So they can write more business and then they can get the money from us to pay for it.
And yet, when you call because your car got stolen in this prime-ridden city,
that everyone's murdering each other in the cops are even killing people,
you know, all you get is like, well, we'll send someone over.
An hour later, they send some guy over who doesn't bother,
is lucky to find out clues about who stole your car,
dust the area for fingerprints, you know, get witnesses and this and that.
No, they fill out a report here, give this to your insurance company,
so they could pay you money, and six months later they're going to raise your rates.
Right. That's right.
How many of you know that people did that anyway?
You know? I couldn't believe it.
You know? That's law enforcement in America, man.
You know, I-
OJ is walking around on a loose. He's having a time of his life.
He's out there playing golf, smiling and laughing and signing all kinds of contracts.
And in the meantime, we got the speed police
about to run a goddamn highway again all over the goddamn place.
How much do you think this expensive plane cost and helicopter is in everything?
Sorry, I got noise, but I want everyone to bitch.
Please.
That's probably one of them.
Right.
Okay, pal.
Slow down.
How do you like that?
You son of a bitch.
Open line of day.
But hey, I've been talking about that for 20 years and nobody cares about it
or if they do care about it, they're not going to raise enough of us think about it to change anything.
That's the problem.
One of the people care about, they care about OJ.
They care about watching all those talking TV head shows.
I'm going to say it again. I don't watch those shows.
They're nauseating. They're disgusting.
But you know something, there are 8 million other channels out there.
So go get yourself a satellite dish.
Go get you rent yourself a movie.
You know, go buy three VCRs.
Do something.
Nobody is forcing anybody to watch those shows.
And you assholes at the Sun sent a lot of you other goody tussues.
See, this is part of this whole sensory mood of the 90s in American Al.
It used to be just the people on the far right.
And a few people on the far left.
These were the people who were in the censorship.
Today, it's the politicians.
It's everybody.
If you don't like it, then get it off the air.
How about if we don't like what you're writing the newspaper, huh?
How about if we don't like your editorial opinions?
How about if we don't like the way you slant the news?
What do we do then?
Oh, don't buy the paper.
Well, guess what?
Then don't watch those shows.
That's all.
Don't watch the goddamn shows.
Don't watch Charles Perez and Oprah and Jerry Springer and Lisa.
And every one of these 8 million other Ricky Lake.
You know, we got about 15 of these people now that are so popular
that they have to hold up a card with their name on it like Ricky Lake.
Anybody that's on television that has to hold up a card with their name on it,
that tells me right off the bat, they're a loser.
I mean, what is that all about?
And that Ricky Lake, that fat bitch, she's still holding up the card.
And supposedly, her show is like one of the most popular.
She's still holding up the card.
Oh, yeah, very big with the trailer park trash with all those American housewives
that are out there all those sluts.
Here's a lady in the Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Long time, listener.
First time call.
Well, great.
Yes, I'm very excited.
Me too.
Good, good, good.
Listen, I wanted to just make a quick comment about the frogs down here in Florida.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
I just want to let all of them know that that's it.
That number one, we don't want them here in number two.
We have enough drug money in Miami to support anything that needs to be done.
Oh, that's it.
They should just get back in their frog mobiles or win a bagels or whatever
and get the heck out of Florida.
All right.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
Okay, by the way, we'll get her number four.
Anybody needs any good stuff?
We have an open line on the purple line.
It's 18 T wireless pound IOD.
The two green lines have yet to show any interest.
Of course, because they don't even know there was an election in Quebec last night.
It's on the front page of your paper, by the way, this morning.
I just thought I would mention that close call Canada stays united.
They came within like, you know, 50,000 votes or less, whatever they'll turn out of
it's a seating from the country.
The separatists, the frogs who want to start their own country
because they got their own language and their own culture.
So in the US, we'll have, let's see, and of course, in the US, it can't just be
Hispanics because you got like the Mexicans are thinking one thing and the Cubans
are definitely thinking something different.
And the Puerto Ricans are thinking in the Colombians, they're thinking drugs
and everybody's thinking something different.
So they can't have their own country.
We might take like a few states that are like adjacent to each other,
like Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana, maybe in Arkansas,
and give those to the Hispanics.
Then we got the people that speak all the Asian, I almost said Oriental,
all those Asian people again.
We got the Vietnamese and we got the Koreans and we got the Japs in the Chinese
and we'll have to get them like California Washington and Oregon because basically
they are and Hawaii naturally because they've taken most of those over already.
And we'll make all of these into separate countries.
That's how Asinine, this thing in Canada was yesterday.
And because they came so close to winning, Nola, say I want to show you something,
80% of the people in Quebec, 80% of the population are Francophones.
In other words, they speak French.
95% of the people in Quebec are assholes.
So you put that together and it was like nip and tuck.
Do you know what I'm saying?
They got the Anglophones and they got the Francophones and they got the Xylophones
and the Saxophones and the Telephones.
And then they have another category for people who speak neither French nor English,
which I can't remember the name of what that was.
Yeah, they have a third category for these people like the Crean Indians and the people
from Europe who are like Czechoslovakian or whatever the hell it is.
I don't want to say that it's kind of divided up there, you know.
They're all getting along just great.
All this crap about we got our own culture.
You know, just show me where you are now.
Get with the program and stop trying to like manipulate everybody else
with all this emotional ethnic bull crap.
That's the problem with the whole world.
That's why we got like Bosnia and Herzegovina and all these other goddamn
everybody's got their big ethnic song and a dance.
1036, one of my getting excited about okay, especially with those frogs.
They really pissed me off man watching and I watched a lot of it last night.
And every time I see one of those goddamn frogs with other younger old,
it makes my goddamn blood boil.
Don't forget one thing.
There's no and by the way, what is November 1st beginning of frog season?
Florida, I think so.
And how about that guy that's speaking of frogs?
He's not about Gary Schiffey.
Oh, right. What's going on there, Gary?
Every day in this gun loving country of ours, there's like another incredible bunch of stories,
like dozens and hundreds and thousands of them.
And Gary Schiffeyle just seems to be a guy who's always in the wrong place at the right, at the wrong time.
His wife was like having death threats last year.
Anybody remember that?
And now he's over there in Tampa.
Just might have known his own business allegedly driving up and down the road.
And somebody walks up to the car and says, hey, Gary, that's for you, baby.
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOD are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated.
You sound of a bad guy.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
This is the best.
What does that box say?
A lot of it.
The old Orlando.
You must turn on channel for immediately if not sooner.
Just to piss off the sun, sentinel.
It's another one of the talking henchshows.
She's got this not bad looking broad there on the right here.
And she's dating the kid who's on the left who's also not a bad looking guy.
And this thing in the middle, this little queen in the middle who could be either male, female or in between kind of androgynous with his legs crossed like real tight, like a real screamer.
He evidently was sleeping with a guy.
And I don't know how he's really.
And then we got some of course token black.
And they're so God damn many of them.
Isn't this incredible?
Okay, let's go to Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I'm probably one of the few Americans that have had the opportunity to live abroad.
Yes.
And then to Ben the Paris, Ben the, you know, part of France and so forth.
And my, you know, my point is, you know, once you, you know, few Americans get chance to travel in the first place and they just don't really understand how the world works.
That's true damn sure, right?
I understand this whole night.
I'm like, I have like German and English and Welsh and Irish ancestry, right?
But I don't go around telling me everybody in the world that I'm, you know, I'm American with English and French and whatever, whatever the hell it is behind me.
Yeah.
Now what's the point?
I don't understand it.
I can't relate to it.
For example, my grandparents on one side, they were Polish, which I'm certainly embarrassed about.
Sure.
Any other side, they were Russian.
And I don't have any interest in Russia or Poland or anything like that.
And all the times that I go to Europe, the last places I would ever visit would be Russia, Poland.
And certainly I would have no interest in going to Israel whether I'm Jewish or not.
So all of this business about people searching for their roots and looking and this ethnic superiority and everything.
This is the biggest problem we got in the world.
Yeah, you know what is one of the reasons that everybody hates each other.
That's, yeah, exactly.
That's the old, the old J Simpson thing all over again, you know, I'm a, you know, it just, all it does is separate people.
You know, all it does is give us a, you know, a nice big division there to say, I'm different than you there for better.
Exactly.
You know, that's all it does.
You know, why, why, I mean, those people in Quebec, I don't think have a clue as to how much more difficult they're going to make their lives if they can.
You know, I would like to know what kind of a weakling, simple engufferment ever allowed the condition to be created that it is now.
Where all these people in instead of making it mandatory for them all speak English over a period of time because they were in an English speaking country, they allowed them to live this kind of separatist existence.
Kind of reminds me of date counting.
I'm going to say that.
Yeah, exactly.
And it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that all these advocates of bilingualism are full of crap.
It doesn't work.
It does not work.
No, it's great to enjoy your own, you know, your own heritage, but it doesn't, it doesn't give you a reason to use that as a point.
When in Rome, do the Romans, you know what I'm saying? In other words, if they want to live in an English speaking country, let them learn English.
Sure, if they want to speak Swahili at home, that's their business, but try to stop trying to impose it on everybody else.
Well, look at Europe.
They're trying to develop the Euro dollar.
No way, man.
It's never going to come together.
Don't think so?
They can't.
You know, every time they try to tie their money into the union, the money changes and fluctuates and they get jealous.
They get pissed off because their value just went down.
Yeah.
And they pull out again.
No one can, you know, there's too many.
He goes going on there.
People, you know.
Well, I'll have to go see the boys and Sisley, give them an offer they can't refuse.
Have a great day, pal.
You too, thanks.
See ya.
Okay, we've got two open lines in Broward, 5249-463, one on a purple line, 18T wireless.
We pay for it, pound IOD and one on a green line, 1-800, you know the rest.
Here's Miami Shores.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
How come, every time these Cubans have rallies down in the park and stuff like that, they always have the Cuban flag.
They never raise the American flag.
And every time you try to go get a job, it's always that he speaks Spanish.
If you're American, you're out.
You have to move up out of the state or somewhere up the state to get away.
Well, it's in the United States.
That's the idea.
I think you just answered your own question, moved to the US.
We have an open line of days, 751, purple line.
Don't tell me it's going to be another one of those days, man.
This audience is getting more brutal.
We got 756 different things out there on the table now, man.
And I'm expecting I'm going to come on here and motivate people to come to that hockey game tonight.
I'm telling you, I think Joe Rose finally got his finger on something.
I don't want to say it was Andy Asinwoods or whatever his name is.
He's got his finger on it with this town is D-E-D-D.
Bad, big time.
It never was like really thriving and living, but now it's like the end.
That's the reason all we can get to come here is the frogs.
Why the hell, what anybody in their right mind want to come here?
Oh, well, the weather is nice.
Well, the weather's nice in a lot of places for crying out loud.
They can go to San Diego.
They can go up to Orlando and have something to do up there.
They can go to Daytona.
They can go to Hawaii and the weather is nice and everybody speaks whatever they speak out there.
Japanese.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
North Carolina.
God saves the Queen, Neil.
Yeah.
I was watching Phil Donahue and they had some frogs on there complaining about the United States of all things.
So what are they coming here for?
Well, they're so good.
Don't they understand we hate them like poison and we don't want them here anymore?
Any, we're along with their cheap money that ain't worth a damn nickel?
Well, I agree.
So he asked her, so what's your complaint?
And she says, well, up in Canada, we get 90% of the movies and all the television and they all want to act like Americans.
And we don't get our Canadian influence.
So I thought to myself, what is the Canadian influence?
Well, what is the Canadian influence?
Well, that's, what's my question.
What is that?
What is it that they have up there that's so special that they're missing?
Besides going off into the woods with an elk and a six pack of mulsons, what's Canadian culture?
There is no Canadian culture.
But what's Canadian cuisine?
I asked this question many times.
I can't help it.
Another than that smoked meat, which is just pastraming with a bogus name.
What is Canadian cuisine?
There is no such thing.
I have asked that question myself.
In fact, I'm going to tell you something as much as I like Toronto, the food in Canada, some of the worst anywhere on the face of the globe.
The only thing I could think about was maybe, maybe.
And Quebec, they have some French food, but that doesn't count.
That's only a little part of Canada.
Quebec, I've never been to Quebec and I could assure you now after this, I wouldn't even dream a go in here if they paid me by the minutes.
Well, of course not, I wouldn't suggest it.
And as far as the talk to us, you forgot the lovely, carny will.
Oh yeah.
She's a real eye catcher, I'll tell you that.
Thank you.
Yeah.
What's daddy with the 24 hour psychiatrist?
That's what we need on TV.
Now I think we understand why he's back on therapy again.
Oh, I never can't keep track.
He had the 24 hour guy around and then he was gone. He's back on again.
Yeah, he's sleeping with his teddy bear again.
Since carny went on the tube, he can't handle it.
Oh, well, life's rough, isn't it?
Okay, have a great day, sweetheart.
See ya.
See ya.
Open line at Broward, 524, that purple line at 18T wireless.
That thing is, how does it tamale today, man?
At Pound IOD.
What do we got in there?
Some goodies from Dr. Radkins?
All right.
Oh, we got some stuff.
Thanks again, by the way, to our friends over at Lorenzo's.
I got a beautiful, beautiful bunch of stuff yesterday.
Some great fillets, which I had yesterday, which melt in your mouth.
Boy, they got good meat.
And this tea, which I'm drinking right out throat code.
Yeah, it's like a little overcoat that sticks right there on your tonsils.
And if they're not there on the adenoids and on your uveola.
Mmm.
Man is that good stuff.
And of course yesterday, Georgia taped up the box.
There was a big box of this stuff for me to take home.
This gives you an idea of the kind of insane asylum that we're working in.
Puts it in the refrigerator downstairs, but has like masking tape around the box to make sure nobody...
Put your name on it with a big fat mask.
In my name around it.
Like, do not touch, get out of here.
And so at two o'clock we go downstairs, open up the refrigerator.
He yanks out the box.
And somebody has taken like a knife and sliced it open to check it out.
I evidently they weren't too keen on the cheesecakes or any of the steaks or the other good stuff.
Probably a little bit beyond their scope, what was in there.
So luckily all the food was still in there.
But they went and doubt they had to check it out.
Wouldn't you like to have like one of those little security cameras that goes, you know, with the video tape that goes non-stop 24 hours?
Just to see what's going on here in that cafeteria?
You know the latest thing is everybody's getting their mail opened now.
Why is that?
I thought we went past that phase.
That was like a couple of years ago.
Why, what is that all about?
Apparently we got all new people in here that think that they can open the mail before they pass it along.
Oh nice.
They find out where it's kept or they go into the boxes at night, especially on the weekend.
On Monday morning everything is open and all of the mail boxes.
In all of the mail boxes?
Well, I mean the big envelopes that look like they might have something interesting in it like a book.
Right, like something free.
Well that makes sense.
Hey listen, so we'll invite the audience.
We'll have a party and like every Monday morning we'll let you come on down and you know, just ram through everybody's mail.
And meet all these celebrities from How105.
Some of the college to get an education, but what are they learning?
UM's president has called for an investigation into whether Hurricanes players have received preferential treatment from campus police.
And it be goes on.
Where there's news, there's the best news team in South Florida.
News, talk and entertainment radio.
It's 10WYOD.
Have you guys ever seen each other's penises?
It is so huge.
1054 at WYOD we have an open line in a day too and proud one on a purple line, one on all over the place.
Okay, it's another great day in Paradise.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay. How are you feeling by the way?
A little better.
Okay, that's it.
It's a hit cold.
Alright, alright.
Listen, I was ever open up, it'll be dynamite.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Listen, I wanted to talk to you.
Can we get off this epic concentric racism chunk coming?
You know, it's not going to change and like a friend of mine once said, you can't say everyone just trying not to be there when they blow up.
But I wanted to ask you a question about the Atkins diet.
Yeah.
I've read you going off about it and I'm sure you're sick of talking about it at nauseam and whatnot.
But I'm a courier and I'm frequently on the road.
I'm in between jobs right now.
Can I incorporate this diet into my lunches while I'm on the road?
What do you mean by that?
Well, I'm saying this is that because I'm so busy usually when I come home, I don't have time to, you know, make a sandwich or anything like that.
And I have to, you know, force feed myself at the fast food places which I'm getting sick of.
And so I was just wondering if there's some way why I could have some kind of meals on the Atkins diet they can cater to people that whose jobs are on the road all the time.
Yeah.
Why can't you go like there's a Jillian places where you can go in and get like a steak and eggs or you can go into a, you can go through the drive-through and Wendy's and get bacon cheeseburgers without the bun.
Just tell them no bun and they, you know, they slap it too unad little of tin foil.
Okay. So as long as you can just remove the bun and all the other extras, you can just have like the meat itself.
And that's, that's all you really need.
Cheeseburger with bacon sounds good to me like double cheeseburger with bacon sounds pretty good.
Okay. Well, you convinced me I'll buy the book and I'll do it.
But believe me that there's no excuses on this diet. I mean, there's just so many different things that you can eat from poultry and steak and the burgers and cheese and chicken and all kinds of seafood and, you know, lobster and shrimp and butter.
I mean, it's just too much on here for people to make excuses.
Okay.
Plus, wait until it tastes the cheesecake.
Yeah, I'm sure it sounds real good.
It is.
Sounds real good.
Okay, pal. Good luck to you.
Thanks.
So yeah, two open lines in Dade County, two in Broward, 751 WYOD in Dade, 524 WYOD in Broward, purple line.
We've had nothing on the, look at that.
Unbelievable. This is just, this is almost deadlier than yesterday.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm.
Going once.
Going twice.
Like I said, here's Kendall. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I wanted to talk to you about those talk shows.
I mean, they're a bunch of crap.
I mean, I was watching Jerry Springer a little bit this morning and he's got these guys that are dating girls
who are guys dressed up as girls.
There you go.
There's a bunch of crap.
All these TV shows, Channel 10 has theirs, Channel 7 has theirs, Channel 6 has theirs.
Let me ask you this question.
How come people are watching them?
They're stupid.
I mean, they have nothing better to talk about.
They all talk about the same crap.
Yeah.
And sometimes they're stupid.
You know what it's like?
It's like professional wrestling.
It's exactly the same thing.
It's a freak show.
It's funny, you should mention it because I was going to say that.
It's going to be off fake.
Yeah, of course it's all fake.
But the public doesn't care about that.
And there are a lot of, it's like a lot of old women that watch professional wrestling.
And if you tell them that it's fake, they would like beat you with their purse because they're convinced.
Beyond a shadow of it out that it's for real and they want to believe it's for real.
And don't spoil their fun.
And it's the same thing with all these contrived stupid shows like the one with this rollanda that's on right now.
That's it's embarrassing.
But this is the mentality of the American public.
I know.
You can't legislate intelligence.
I mean if the people are stupid, if this is what sells and this is what they people want to watch,
this is what's going to be on whether the sun sent like this or not.
Well, you know the sun sent no can do.
And they can stick it exactly.
Okay, have a great day.
Can I call somebody dispatch?
Yeah.
Scott Matthew and Donna, your births are virgins dispatch.
Okay.
See ya.
Two open lines in date, counties, 7519 463 751 W.I.O.D. and one in Broward.
See, this is a concept in America that's very, very difficult becoming increasingly difficult.
And as it is, it's more and more frightening for people to understand.
Freedom of speech doesn't mean if you like it.
Freedom of speech doesn't mean if it's tasteful, if it's educational, if it's within certain boundaries.
That's not what freedom of speech is all about.
And the people at the Sun sent and William Bennett, God forbid the former Secretary of Education,
one of the biggest Nazis in America today, and all these other goody-touchers in a point,
they're self-appointed censors.
They have taken it upon themselves to the side.
What can be on and what can't be on?
What you should watch and what you shouldn't watch.
And if you do watch stuff that we don't like, then we're going to go after the sponsors and hassle them and make it go off the air.
I mean, this is insanity.
If all America wants to watch talking head shows from the time they get up in the morning,
or the time they go out of bed at night, even though I may not enjoy them,
even though I may think it's Kaka.
I know it's Kaka, but if that's what they want, there you go.
I don't see anybody trying to get hard copy and inside addition in the American Journal
and all those other goddamn tabloids shows off here.
And that's all the same crap.
It's like the Heraldos show.
All he has on a Heraldos show, and I was Mike Walker every day from the National Inquirer.
It's the gossip show.
And this is nothing new.
In fact, you see that book we had on Walter Winchela came in here the other day.
This has been going on in America for 50, 60 years now.
Everybody's in Yanta.
There's no premium on intelligence or intellectual anything like that.
Everybody is a goddamn Yanta.
So that's why people are concerned about who's sleeping with this one and who made the phone call to the queen in Canada.
And who did it with Kaka with garbage.
That's what the public is into, baby.
So we're going to take it away.
We're going to make it a law.
No more Kaka, no more garbage.
How can you legislate that, huh?
I mean, if we're going to put on a lot of really stilted old-style crap,
I'll have to put Larry Justice back on here on the weekend.
The longer you listen, the bigger your attitude.
610 WIOD by Emmy Ford Lauderdale.
News talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
This is learning to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word European.
Speller with me now, European.
EUROPA and...
That's a big one.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
So I said to the guy, I say, hey, get away from my car.
European on my tie.
This is learning to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
OK, 1.105 at WIOD.
Happy Halloween to you.
It says here, a cable sports network may be any offing a new one.
The LA Times and the New York Times say, say, news corporation and TCI could announce a deal later this week.
News corporation owns the Fox TV network.
TCI is the nation's biggest cable ripoff operator.
The reports say a new sports network would potentially compete with ESPN,
which is controlled by Capsidys ABC.
TCI's programming arm, Liberty Media has interest in 15 regional sports cable services
that could provide programming for the venture.
Fox currently owns a rights to broadcast some NFL in NHL and reportedly bidding for baseball.
So there you go.
OK, like I said yesterday, pretty soon it's come to the point.
And you know, it should be now.
They have the technology to do it now, where you watch whatever you want.
You pay for like ball games for movies.
And that's it.
Whatever you want to watch.
OK, if you want to watch the talk and head, pay him a quarter, pay him 50 cents and you watch it.
And you ask holes at the Sunsend,
will mind your own business and stop trying to be dictators.
Just like the same thing with their goody two shoes attitude about gambling.
Oh, gambling is evil drinking is evil sex is evil.
Everything is evil, including reading the goddamn newspaper.
So let's stop them all.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning. How you doing?
I'm fine as they are.
Some here.
OK, you were commenting about Canadian cuisine.
Yeah, what is it besides smoked meat?
Besides smoked meat.
Have you ever tried Putin?
I beg your pardon.
Putin.
What is that?
Doesn't he play for the Canadians?
No, no, no.
It's like Putin.
It sounds like Putin, but it's Putin and it's a noodle with like brown gravy.
I've had it at Hollywood beach and I've got all those restaurants there.
Yeah.
But it is really delicious to me.
It is nasty.
And that's the only thing I think that they've brought down here.
It's all...
All I got is mulls and beer and smoked meat and that's it.
There's no such thing as Canadian cuisine.
They know nothing from food.
And I mean, you know, I love Toronto.
Canada is a pretty neat country in a lot of ways.
And hockey is, you know, number one with me.
But this business about some kind of a culture that they're hanging on do up there.
What are they talking about?
Yeah.
What are these frogs dreaming about?
Exactly.
Question.
Do you ever get a chance to watch something?
I mean, it switches totally about sightings.
Do you ever check that out?
Yeah, but you know something I mentioned this a couple of weeks ago.
That's a show that's very disappointing to me because they have some really interesting stuff on here.
Right.
And then they put these real silly...
You know what I'm like, Rogo Lopez stuff.
Yeah.
Anyway, but they...
You remember the...
Oh, wait a minute.
Can I interrupt for one second?
Go, go, go.
On unsolved mysteries.
Which I do like that show.
I don't get to see it off of my like that show.
They had a thing the other day which should have been on sightings.
It was about a bunch of these religious nuts.
Right.
And it was somewhere...
It's always in the deep south like those nuts that are going to Georgia, you know.
What's the name of that place in Georgia?
Entry.
No, not eight.
It's close to entry.
But it's one of the...
It's the Virgin Mary shows up.
Right, right, right, right.
You're a barbecue or whatever.
And Jesus is on the...
I shouldn't have said barbecue.
That was bad.
But anyways, like somewhere in South Carolina or something like that.
And they were looking through these trees in this one spot.
And they had these hundreds of people coming.
And they all...
They saw all this gold and all this stuff in the sky.
They saw the picture of Mary and Jesus.
So anyway, they took all these Polaroid pictures.
Right.
So they brought in a photographic expert and he showed in fact there was one picture
where they were saying, oh yeah, look, here's the name of somebody from my past.
It was a list of names that was superimposed on the picture.
Right.
And it turns out they had put the...
They put the pack of film.
It was a... you know, Polaroid.
They put the pack in there wrong.
No way.
Yeah.
And they showed that when you reverse the...
If you open up the back of the pack, it's got like a list of different things on there.
Right.
And all it was was like the reverse printing of what was on the thing.
Holy cow.
Yeah.
And they were turning all this crap into oil.
And all these people, man, are so stupid.
They were going for it.
Yeah.
They were probably saying...
They were having their own sightings.
Yeah, they were sucking it.
They're looking for just anything to validate what they're believing.
What they're believing.
Focus, focus, man.
What I wanted to say was remember the autopsy tape.
And the dude who supposedly brought it to right was a guy named Santilli.
Yeah.
He was the guy with the grasses in the balding head.
Santilli.
Santilli, yeah.
Right.
He eats puttin.
They confronted him, citing, sent someone to his place.
Yeah.
And they said, you know, we're with you on this, but if it's real, we just...
We'll pay for it.
We want somebody to really validate the authenticity of the tape.
Yeah.
And they called him out on it.
And he just totally cowered behind him.
You know, the agreement that we've made with Fox and David.
So that's another thing.
No, the first time I watched it, I believed it.
I wanted to believe it.
And then, you know, when I watched the full thing, the second time when somebody sent me the tape of it,
we just still have it at the house.
You saw that with that crash stuff and everything.
It was like a, you know, like a great Z, like a bad basement, a great Z movie.
Yeah.
Right, it was.
Yeah.
Did you also, I dropped off that envelope...
And then when I saw...
When I saw June Allison running around in that, in the back, I knew there was something wrong.
Uh-huh.
But anyway, did I get one?
The envelope about that video, I dropped off last week, or you were gone?
You mean the rumor thing?
The UFOs are real video.
No.
You got to ask George to show you that, because I dropped it off while you were at.
Oh, George says he's got it, and he said that.
I hear stuff for you.
You gave it to me?
Yeah.
With the whole thing.
Yeah.
It's a part...
You have to get it through the 800, but it's supposed to be totally...
If you look at what I gave you, you'll read about it.
Maybe you'll be interested in checking that out.
Okay.
All right, man.
Thanks, pal.
Later.
See ya.
Okay, look at the phone again, man.
I'm telling you, you people are giving me intestinal gas, bad.
I mean, it's just...
One minute, I'm sitting here very comfortably.
Everything is beautiful.
And the next minute, they're like gone.
All the day lines just opened up.
There must be some exciting thing going on in a foreign language and date.
What a concept.
7519-463-751-W-I-D, and also on the green lines.
1-800-944-W-I-O-D.
Oh my God.
What a place.
I'm moving to Quebec, okay?
I'm moving to goddamn Quebec City.
How the Nordic doing, by the way?
See, that's the reason that they're pissed off.
It's got nothing to do with language.
It's got nothing to do with culture.
It has nothing to do with anything.
They're pissed off.
They lost the goddamn Quebec hockey team.
Who, by the way, beat...
Who were they playing last night?
They beat Dallas, 6-1.
And they're pissed off about that.
Pretty good team.
And they abandoned Quebec, eh?
How do you like that?
Wasn't bad enough.
The Canadians got off to the bad start and had a fight.
They fired the coach and a general manager.
That wasn't embarrassing enough.
They lost the goddamn Nordic.
That's what they're pissed off about.
Our friends are aware of first big race of the season
for the homestead motor complex.
Their first big race is coming up Sunday.
We're getting away tickets.
We are.
I think you love that stuff.
You make NASCAR news, man.
I'm a freaking penzoil right out of the can.
How come when you add B-no to that,
your NASCAR noise is stopped.
Rickinson, 6 to 10 AM on News Talk at Entertainment Radio.
610-W-U-I-O-D.
Ah, Martha, I can't get up.
What do you mean?
Well, the older I'm getting the tougher it is
to climb out of bed and start the day.
George doesn't know it, but this morning he's getting prune tang.
A brand new breakfast drink that'll get him up and active
before he knows it.
Here, honey, drink this.
Mmm, not bad.
Taste like Grandbury, Juicentuna.
I'm feeling good.
I feel like I can move a mountain.
Come here, little muffin.
Oh, George.
Don't let age get you down.
Try the new breakfast drink sweeping the rest homes of America.
New prune tang.
Prune tang.
It stores everywhere.
By the way, if anybody at the Sun Sentles this thing,
we did not say Pune tang.
It's 11.16 at W-I-O-D.
Don't forget our center one thing starts officially tomorrow.
And I was talking with Phil Costin, who said,
you know, that Sarah is an imbecile.
I said, I know that.
But anyway, so the 9.5.4 thing, forget about that.
You don't need to dial that because now, first of all,
we got this new deal in Dayton, Howard.
This back and forth deal where you, first we went from the old
where you dialed one and the number.
Then we went to where you had to dial one, three, oh, five,
and the number.
That lasted about five minutes.
People got pissed off.
So they said, okay, we'll charge you a quarter.
Isn't that what it is a quarter?
And if you live in Howard, you can call a date number.
You just dial the number and the same back and forth back at you.
So the number is five, six, one, oh, oh, seven, eight.
And starting tomorrow, you can order your best of the t-shirts
and the CDs, the cassettes, etc.
And so on, five, six, one, oh, oh, seven, eight.
And we'll be doing the thing at the, at the, where is it?
At the fashion mall on Sunday, one to three.
Well, there are so damn many places, you know what I'm saying?
And of course, this stuff will be in border stores starting tomorrow too.
How's the Phil's t-shirt look?
Here's the four-letter deal. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Is it true that premier vitamin thing causes cancer stuff?
Is it true what?
For premier vitamin, I think, Cox is announcing.
Who said that?
So in other words, now you're taking a brand new deal.
A brand name thing that Don Cox is advertising.
You want to say a particular vitamin.
And you want to get me involved in the middle of that?
You're a jackass, man.
Let me say it again.
And I haven't even seen the Cox thing.
Chromium pecolonate, according to the study at Dartmouth
and George Washington University, causes chromosome damage
and is believed to be carcinogenic.
And again, I can't tell you how much
and what dosages over what period of time.
But again, that's the story.
So if you want to continue taking it, be my guest.
I for one, I won't only tell you what I'm doing,
I'm not taking it.
Until I got some more information, forget it.
Open line and a purple line, pound IOD.
We got one on the green line, 1-800, whatever it is.
We got two on the, oh, it's brutal.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm going up on somebody on four.
That's okay.
I as well get rid of them now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what kind of American foods are there?
Meaning what?
Well, you're talking about Canadian cuisine.
What's the American?
How about hamburger, Spal?
There's eight million different kinds of American food.
That's a gourmet meal.
Meaning what?
I'm not talking about gourmet.
You're knocking Canadian things in...
I'm not knocking Canadian things.
I'm saying there's no such thing as Canadian culture, man.
What is Canadian culture?
What's American culture?
What's American culture?
I'll give you one example of American culture, man.
There it is.
Look at that.
Can't even get rid of them.
Pick up the body.
Two open lines and brown, 5249-463-524-WIOD.
Another uptight conuck there, okay?
See, you want to get yourself right in there with those frogs.
Now, he's probably one of those guys that we wish he could have been up there in Quebec,
which I'm sure we ain't even from there voting for the separatists yesterday.
Just code the frogs could have their own way.
Just because he's another wimp.
It reminds me of all you people that go to the dolphin games and stand up for that stupid invocation.
That right there, you don't have to have anything else.
That shows you how weak 99 and 910% of the public is.
Pay a ticket.
You pay 30, 40, 50 bucks to go to a stupid football game.
And you gotta stand up and bow your head while somebody's mumbling some stupid goddamn prayer,
which maybe they ain't even somebody from your own religion and usually is not.
But hey, you're afraid you're going to offend somebody or stand out in the crowd.
So therefore, like the bunch of sheep that most of you are, like a bunch of lemons, you go ahead and do it.
Unbelievable.
Poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
I was born and Quebec, one shelf.
Yeah.
I have a problem with what's going on up there.
Yeah.
My parents when I was born moved to an English-speaking area.
Right.
And not Cam loops.
No, it's just a...
Okay, I think he said French Farts is what he said, but it came out like something else.
Okay, we have an open line.
While I was asking for somebody from Quebec to call, but unfortunately he said the effort on the air.
And we just can't do it.
I think he was expressing himself there, though.
I think what he was trying to say was F the frogs.
Oh, maybe he was trying to say frogs, but it came out something that sounded like it, but it wasn't quite.
Okay, nice go on, pal.
Okay, take away his passport.
Two open lines on the green lines.
1-800-944.
I can see a tremendous amount of enthusiasm building for the Islander Panther game at the arena tonight at 730.
I'm not getting no report from Jeff Moss or anybody else about the goddamn Panther Pack,
which ought to be well sold out by now, and about the other 3,000 or so seats that remained unsolved for tonight's game,
which ought to be sold out.
I just... I don't know what it is.
I mean, it's never was like a really living and enthusiastic and breathing and exciting place, but boy,
the last year or two, this place is drying up like a gigantic prune.
I mean, the search for life continues, but I don't think we're going to be successful.
610-W-I-O-D.
Download this.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you stupid son of a bitch.
He rose from obscurity to claim a place among the world's most powerful entities.
I am, at Evercans first nightclub.
At the end, he was defeated, crushed, sent to the political showers, like the wicked witch of the list.
How are you building up that damn hallway?
Now, four years later, he's alive again.
Man!
A roaster guy.
He has risen again to kill Republican dreams.
I'm going to get you, Mr. Dolf.
He is ready to squash Democratic homes.
You see, when they vote for my party, they vote for years, Bill Bors.
A roaster guy, he has reappeared out of thin air, and creates solutions to complex problems the same way.
We can sound this whole deficit problem.
For the 14-done big-a-bank, he had a real big quarter.
A roaster guy, the most terrifying political extravaganza ever to hit town.
Okay, level 25.
A lot of you, of course, with the holidays coming up, are very worried about going to the airport,
because there's all these little extra delays now, and checking your ID and all this stuff.
Because people are very concerned about bombs on planes, things like that, terrorist acts.
Well, here's a new twist on bombs on planes.
True story.
It's in the paper this morning, so must be true.
Routing passenger grounded, it says New York.
An investment banker accused of assaulting a flight attendant and defecating on a food service card during a United Airlines flight was grounded.
Under new terms of bail, Gerard B. Finnerin, 58, must get permission from the federal prosecutor before boarding a commercial flight again.
He will also want to go evaluation for alcohol abuse, according to Peggy Long's spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney.
So if somebody is on a plane at your fly and steps out into the aisle, squat and says, I'm going to drop a bomb.
Hold your nose.
Man, that's a beautiful thing, huh?
He's under investigation for maybe a little alcohol problem there, huh?
As in maybe a little bit too much booze, but I want to stop and ask you, those of you who've ever flown on a plane, which should be all of you,
how do you like defecate on the food card without like somebody catching on before you drop the bomb?
How do you do that?
Very carefully?
Maybe he was behind one of those curtains or something.
As a matter of fact, most of the food I've eaten on planes recently, that's kind of taste like somebody got to it.
Okay, anyway, let's go to a Pemberg Pine.
Hello?
Hi, Neil. How are you? First time caller, long time list.
All right.
Big hockey fan, see it all the games.
I've been a season ticket holder the last three years like yourself.
Yeah.
We have probably the best, one of the best teams in the NHL and we can't draw.
But you know something, nobody is drawing.
You know what, the Penguins played in New York, the islanders last Saturday night.
Right.
They had 7,200 paid admissions.
Wow.
When a devil's played, I think also won the same night.
This is the Stanley Cup champions.
They had 10,000 people and they're drawing so poorly and they're having such a hard time getting that contract worked out in Jersey.
Right.
And it looks like they're still a good chance that devils may wind up in Nashville next year.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
You know, the first two years, I turned a bunch of people onto it and everybody loved it.
And you figure, oh, this is going to go over big.
The Panthers are playing great and it's just, I don't know, I just don't understand it.
And I have a question for you because there's nobody in this town you can call for any questions.
And the Panther game against Ottawa.
Late in the game, they pulled their goalie.
We scored a goal on an empty net with 6 on 4.
Right.
Is that considered a shorthand goal?
Shorthand goal.
Yeah.
What do you mean shorthand?
We had a penalty.
They had 5 on 4.
They pulled the goalie.
It was 6 on 4.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
We're going to open that goal.
That's a good question.
I never really thought about that.
If you're one of those statistical, I'll have to act somebody who knows.
Right, because last year we had none in 50, has two of this year.
Yeah.
I was just curious about that.
I would think so.
I mean, the goal is a goal.
I think so too.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, good luck and we'll see you at the game.
Bobby there, pal.
Okay.
See you.
Don't forget we got 75 million seats on the soul.
We got those 1800 Panther Pack at 9 bucks a piece for the islanders and the Panthers.
Should be a win for us tonight.
Mark Fitzpatrick in goal.
Jody Hollizat, we know that.
And who else is out?
Who else got hurt?
Come on, real quick.
Dave Lowry.
That was a nasty thing that Derby Hendrix did to Dave Lowry, even if he does play for the Leafs.
Nice go on Derby.
If you can't play good, at least injure somebody, right?
But I don't want to get too hockey intensive now because I realize there ain't no interest.
What are these people interested in besides?
I think those people in Congress and the Sunset and I think they're right.
Let's ban all those talking TV head shows.
Even Bob Barker can't compete with them.
That goddamn price is right, which was number one in the day time for 100 years.
He's on a verge of going off.
How do you like that?
Because they can't compete with this feeding for it.
It's the national requirement.
I tell you that for years.
And finally, we've come full circle.
Here it is.
That's all they want is tabloid everything.
So just turn on Channel 7, lock the door and stay inside.
No, why do you put that on here again?
Why do you do that to me again?
He doesn't understand.
Why don't you get it?
I'm sorry about yesterday.
I thought you hung up on me.
No, that was today.
We have an open line in date, 751-WOW.
Do that's stubby, junior again, man.
I don't want chronic, so I want different people.
I want new and different living and breathing people.
Stubby, don't take it personal unless you want to.
But your voice it annoys me.
It grates on me.
It's like rubbing your fingernails on somebody's ass.
Okay, I can't stand it.
They're just our certain, chronic man with that, oh god.
You just hear the voice immediately.
You want to blow your brains out or maybe his.
That sounds like a good idea.
Boy, if my ears would ever open up, I would feel so goddamn great.
Oh, there he goes with his ears again.
Well, when you got a head cold, you know, guess what?
Your ears plug up.
That's the last thing to open up.
The first thing that opens up when you got a bad cold,
that's it.
Oh, man, wide.
When the doctor says open wide, I already did this morning, many times.
But your ears they get plugged up.
And then of course when you're in the shower and you least expect it,
you get a little water in the ear and you turn your head.
Oh, I just opened up.
All right.
And you're screaming at the end.
Here's the Marguer with our hockey answer.
Hello.
Yeah, now, yes, sir.
Yes, consider to a shorthand empty net goal.
If he would have looked in the paper, he would have saw in parentheses,
h dash, e n.
H?
S h, I what?
Yes, h dash, e n, yeah.
So yeah, it's not worth it.
So I would say have a separate statistical category for that.
Yeah.
Boy.
So you really have to be a nitpicker and a nose picker to care about that.
Well, you know, they have that stuff in the paper.
So you know, you'd notice it and you look at it.
You got to figure it out.
You take it in.
So, right.
Hey, congratulations to the braves.
And if you get a chance, could you play that deep bump?
Play one.
That that FSU thing for the braves?
The FSU thing.
Yeah.
That he stole.
Well, here's the guy who's honest at any rate.
He's a braves fan, but he admits they stole it from the seminals.
That's right.
OK, pal.
Thanks.
See ya.
Oh.
Oh.
If we could just get Ryan Tuscany back, man, I tell you, it looked pretty good.
So anyway, guess what?
The Nuts Landing Lady might call us one of these days.
I kind of doubt it, though.
Isn't it a shame that we have people out there?
We know they're listening, but we don't have anything to talk to them about.
Like her, the only thing we could ever talk about was Nuts Landing, which is off the
ear and the Cubs, which I don't care about the Cubs.
But Ryan Sandberg, a very, you know, wasn't bad enough.
He made the decision in the first place to hold them up for that big contract when his career was basically over.
And the Chicago community was going to be a little bit more than that.
The Michigan Tribune company was too stupid to realize that and they gave him all that big money and he flopped.
And then he retired because he was too embarrassed.
Well, I guess he's not too embarrassed anymore because Ryan was making a comeback at age 36 next season.
He's coming back.
Oh, for what?
For what?
The man's a multi-millionaire.
He's got more money than God.
He's going to come back and make a God damn fool out of himself.
It's pathetic, Ryan.
We have an open line on that purple.
A purple line has been weak today.
Everybody must be on the inside, huh?
Or maybe they're all frogs.
Maybe that's what it is.
All the people you see out there are like they're both people and frogs.
The only people driving on the road.
They're sure a lot of them driving erratically and badly.
North Miami.
Hello.
Now.
Yes, sir.
Now how you doing?
Okay.
Oh, French frog right here.
But what's going on?
What's going on up there?
I can't.
What's going on up there?
I don't know.
The frogs are croaking.
They're getting wise, er.
Man, it's unbelievable.
I don't get much information being down here most of them.
Well, you got to have a satellite.
I wish you could watch the city.
I got it.
I'm not a light.
You can watch CBC Montreal on it.
I don't like, uh-huh.
I wanted to ask you about that.
I can get the Huck and I in Canada, but it comes in all super blurry.
But you got a crappy dish then.
Do you want about it?
Eight footer?
That's pretty big.
And then some.
I'm talking about your dish.
Yeah.
Eight or ten.
But I get it, but it's not so big of a dish.
How big is your dish?
I'm not sure exactly.
You're not sure how.
You're not sure how.
It's one of those RCA ones.
Huh?
It's not an RCA one of the big ones.
No, I understand.
It's a big dish, but is it like you don't know?
Right.
I don't know if that's.
Maybe you got a crappy receiver that's possible.
Yeah.
It's like a system fifth.
Well, you know, the old anix satellite, it's pretty weak.
It's not the best.
The new aniquan comes and clears the bell.
But the one that the Hockey United is on it, it's got some sparkles on it.
Yeah.
It should come in pretty good, though.
I mean, I can barely follow the puck with it, but I just want to put the thing in the DICKER and those guys.
DICKERVEN!
Oh, jeez!
Oh!
Oh!
And Don Cherry, come on!
Oh, well, Don Cherry, now you're talking, but not with that DICKERVEN.
Oh, God, talk about a desperate frog.
And then, thought, I'd switch it over to the French just to try to follow.
Oh, jeez.
Well, why don't you watch the Leafs on there for crying out loud.
Get Bob Coulan, Harry Neal, get some real announcers, not Dick Irvin.
Yeah, whoa, okay.
But uh...
You won't know the difference anyway.
I mean, you can't see the picture right, so you won't know which game it is.
I can follow it, but you know, it's just real blurring, then I just get frustrated.
But then I turn it off.
You need a new receiver, man.
Yeah.
A new dish.
And a technician couldn't like turn that in better, huh?
So, yeah.
Well, it all depends.
I have no idea how crappy your thing is, uh, so how long have you had it?
That's been like a year and a half.
I mean, I get everything else pretty good.
And it was never any better in the beginning?
No, it's always been like that.
You must have a real cheap receiver, then.
It's on E2, right?
Yeah.
You got a crappy receiver?
I don't know.
I mean, I was a person that bought it, so...
Ah!
I was my brother.
He had nothing to bottle, which is very obvious.
Right, my brother bought it.
Talk to a satellite guy.
In fact, maybe you want to talk to George, he'll give you a Muhammad's number,
and he'll tell you a song in a dance.
Yeah.
Well, he'll come and take a look at it for you.
Yeah, okay.
That sounds good.
So, how come if you've got the addition you weren't watching the CBC last night
with all the up-to-the-minute frog news?
Oh, I was working in the style of the game.
Oh, man.
It was... I gotta be honest.
It was pretty damn entertaining, because it was so close, and it was back and forth,
and it would show the yes-crow, they were screaming, and then the no-crow would be screaming.
Right.
And, you know, for Canada, it was pretty damn exciting.
I tell you, being here my whole life and being French-Canadian,
I'm still Canadian citizen, and I probably will never become American citizens
for my own reasons, but...
I'm not a tax evasion, I would think.
Yeah, I just, you know, Medicare.
My dad's up there now, terminating EO, and he worked his whole life here,
and now he went back, and I took care of him as soon as he got back,
so you can't deny that.
Yeah.
But, you have to understand, I mean, you got like eight and dying provinces,
and you got one that speaks French, and they're basically one of...
You know, French has to be the first language up there,
and that's the most important thing up there.
And why is that?
It's because they're arrogant, and they're obnoxious.
We are arrogant people.
We are arrogant people.
But you're not speaking French.
Huh?
You're not speaking French, you speak perfect English.
I do, but I was raised as a French-Canadian person in my household.
So, then what's the problem?
There is no problem.
You can still have the English, but, I mean, look down here, go to Hailea.
You ever been to Hailea?
Yeah.
What's the first language in Hailea?
Yes, but, you old baby.
Well, that's Dave County, it's a separate country, and it goes to show you,
it's not a good idea.
Dave County is not working, it's a failure.
Dave County is a nightmare.
I work for a company, which I won't mention, that chicken-oriented...
And all my employees are just all Spanish-oriented, and it's hard for me to communicate with them,
because we have no...
Well, though, he doesn't approve my case.
How come, and what are they?
Did you just got off a banana boat or something?
For most of them.
Well, that's the problem.
Send them to school and let them learn in English.
That's the...
Exactly, but in Canada, though, when you go to school, I mean,
like I went to an English school there one year, and then we were mandatory to take French.
Where if you go to French school there...
Oh, let me ask you, if you go to school in Montreal or Lexington,
you'll learn English and French, right?
Exactly.
Like if you go to an English school like I did, because I was raised here,
I was mandatory to speak French.
But don't you see how unreasonable this is?
In other words, if they know perfect English, and if the language of the entire country is English,
why can't they just do business and speak English in public?
And if they want to speak French at home, or it's just like here in Dave County,
it's the same thing.
If people want to speak Spanish, if they're more comfortable than at home, fine.
But it's America, English, whether it's official or not, it makes those different...
Yeah, but I kept back in English as the language of this country.
Yeah, but Quebec is different because...
Because the French are arrogant.
They're arrogant.
They're pushing.
There's never the first language there.
It's always French.
Why?
Because of who came over, Cartier and all those people.
Cartier for crying out loud, he makes a nice diamond.
Yeah, I know.
But I mean, that's how it is, and they want to just make sure...
Yeah, that...
They want to make sure that they get everybody pissed off all the time.
And believe me, they're doing a good job.
Oh, God.
Long as I can get them to 10, 15%, that would be...
Yeah, good luck to you, pal.
Anyway, they're closing.
Back at you.
Good.
Okay.
See ya.
Open line of day, it's 7,51, WI.
By the way, I heard somebody calling because I did listen to about 10 minutes of Joe Rose this morning when I heard Gilbert Don with Rick and Sud.
Sorry, guys, but, you know...
And somebody called in there, I guess they were having another one of their stupid polls where they were either voting for something.
I mean, that's a cheap way to buy calls, guys, but I guess the way things are today, I can understand it.
But the thing was the ugliest sports person, and somebody called it and mentioned Luke Robotine, what a long neck he's got, and how ugly he is.
Anybody that thinks that Luke Robotine is ugly, I'd like to see they a push on a caller who called that in, okay?
I would just love to see...
That would be like Rod Roddy calling Bob Barker ugly.
Castro goes to the UN, and Cuban Americans don't like it. That's life. And then, there's real life.
Police detective, Sonia Prisman, says the young couple brutally murdered in Fort Lauderdale, knew the murder victim in Boka.
The best news, news talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD.
So I said to Andy Calbys, what was this story about this big to do with the Phil Henry and Sarah yesterday, and Andy says...
That fucking bitch.
I mean, people are getting pretty emotional around here about this production bitch. I mean about Sarah.
You see, when it's one person in the building that thinks you're full of crap, then it could, you know, it's either or.
When it gets to be two, then we start having some doubts.
But when you got a problem with everybody else in the building, when everybody else is wrong, and you got the answers, everybody else is full of crap, then we have to start wondering just exactly what the problem is there.
You know what I'm saying?
Please don't say the F-well.
Well, I'm thinking about it.
We have an open lot on the blue line, 5249463, 524WIOD.
I mean, it's just astonishing.
You see, one thing about this company, I want you to understand, don't ever forget this.
They hire people off the street.
People who have no qualification, no background, people who have been fired in other places, people who are proven incompetent, I mean, beyond a shadow of a doubt.
People who have no background in whatever job they're going to place them in, they give them a title.
Once Cox Corporation gives you a title, they will stand behind you in spite of everybody else in spite of all common sense, in spite of everything, until they fire your ass.
That's the amazing part.
Then after they fire your ass, they run around saying, oh boy, was that an asshole or what?
Instead of saying, you know, you're really screwing up.
You're out of line, you're full of crap, either straight enough, get your act right or you're out of here.
They don't do that.
It's not only Bob Green, it wasn't only Mike Disney, this is the Cox bureaucratic mentality, and this is why this place is what it is.
Here's Davey. Hello.
What do you mean for lunch today?
What am I eating? Why are you writing a book or what?
Perkin cuisine, you fat jubastic.
Okay.
Let's go to, there's that same frog calling back again.
Okay. What's the matter? We offend you. Let's hear some of that great Canadian cuisine, man.
God.
Even Toronto, a city which is one of the greatest, probably the best city in the Western hemisphere, but nevertheless, man, the food there, I wouldn't feed it to my dogs.
I don't think they would touch it.
You can't complain about the food there because there isn't any. It's weak.
Here's Boynton Beach. Hello.
Hello Neil, how are you doing?
Okay. Hey, listen, I'm talking, I'm gonna call up, talk about the fire.
Can't hear you. My ears are plugged in again with, but you sound like you're taking a mud bath.
Hey, I'm talking about the Philadelphia Flyers here.
Yeah.
I grew up in South Philly and, uh, listen, that's the hardest ticket to get.
You know, they're always sold out since 1967.
Yeah, there's nothing like those Philly fans, man. They're really great.
Okay. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Listen, the problem I think is with the panthers here is the transportation system.
If I want to go to a game, let me ask you a question.
How come the first two seasons we filled up almost every game, we had 97% capacity, and now the transportation, which is exactly the same as it was the first two years, now there's a problem. I don't get it.
Okay. Listen, I want to go to a game, right? I got to take trimer out.
And, um, I got to leave the game at the end of the second period to get home. Yeah. Well, that sucks.
It does. That's why I don't go on. The only time I go is when the flyers are playing and I can get people to go to that.
Well, when they build a new arena and Broward, then you won't have to worry about that.
I can't wait for that to happen. Yeah. Thanks for that. Me top.
Okay.
Oh, I mean, there's a guy that's got a legitimate problem. I mean, why would anybody in their right mind want to go to a sporting event or a concert or something,
and then have to leave way to help you for it's over because there's only one way to get back home. That's part of these screwed up, you know, because we got great mass transit in this town.
Cause we're a world class city, right? Right. Just keep saying it. It's going to make it so.
We have two open lines. You're both on those green lines in Palm Beach. If there's anybody up there who has any idea what's going on, which I doubt, 1-800-944-9463-1-800-
see Palm Beach crowd. Those are the people they relate to the trailer park trash that's on those TV talking head shows. So why do I even waste my time with them?
Because when you see people who are just like you, then you can relate to it. Just like when I saw that fruitcake, they run Roland or whatever name was. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was calling respect to the election in Canada. You see, we are not. You're a non. Yes.
Non what non person? No, I'm against the separatists. Well, congratulations, sir. You're whipped. They're asked by about 10 votes by 10 votes. Yes.
Actually, the issue about the French, the French culture, the days back to the fall of Quebec to the British. Yeah. And they're still looking at wounds about that.
Yeah, they want to refight the goddamn war. That's their problem. That's the real problem. And the Korean Indian says you want to fight the French and Indian war all over again. We're ready to do it. I think the goddamn Indians out of when they come back. That's what I think they had to vary the rest of the goddamn province and wipe those frogs out of there. Do us all a favor.
Because I'm curious about there were having a constitutional talk on the Native Americans there. Very no, it's looking the same right. The Native American wants the Indians. Yeah. Yes. And what happened. There was that the Quebecers wanted the rights, you know, to have a French culture and all that.
Can you tell me what that means? What is besides the language? What is French culture? What does that mean? I presume in that the culture that has been there at least since the 15 or 1600. But what is it besides being cheap and driving slow? What is it?
I guess it's kind of our kid because there have been at least the voice from France for almost 300 years now. But what is French culture? What is it? See, you can't even explain it. They can't explain it because there is no such thing. It's called being stubborn, boneheaded and speaking a language that nobody else understands. That's what it means.
Congratulations again, amigo. Okay. I'll stick him. You'll be this. We have an OEC. You got to speak French. You got to speak English. You got to speak Spanish. You got to speak Creole. You got to speak Vietnamese. You got to speak Korean. You got to speak, oh my God.
Just everybody speak English. That's the way we want to. We don't want to let them pose our values or attitudes on anybody else. But we're pretty stupid. We're not really well educated. We can't certainly learn English much less than foreign language. So just everybody in the world stop by confusing us.
We're not going to speak English and we'll get along a lot better. Okay. Okay. Thanks for solving that for us, Neil. You're welcome.
610 W I O D. An accident waiting to happen.
Trackwood can't keep his packer in his pants.
I can't be afraid because I got a cold again. Long joyous hours of digging gold again. I'd use your handkerchief but who knows where it's been.
So thank you. I'll just pick my nose again. Here's some digging for you. Are you?
Suck it in and hold it.
Pick my nose again. What a great way to pass the time along the highway. You can be my friend. But don't send those big old boogers flying my way. It won't make my day.
Pick my nose again. I'll do it by myself or with my friend. Act like your nose is catching if you must pretend.
But whatever you do just pick that nose again. And I don't give a damn who it is.
Love is 52 at W. I. D. By the way, right under the story about the a rowdy passenger who defecated on the food cart on the United Airlines plane.
Right under there is a story says body stealing charge. Ogden's Burg New York. Three teenagers are accused of digging up a body in a graveyard.
Then cutting off his head and carrying it around in a plastic bag. Wait to hear this now. When I found out it just made my stomach turn said Vera Nichols owner of Nichols funeral home in Ogden's Burg.
This goes beyond just devil. It's a lot different from my stall when kids tipped out houses and such things. These are bad boys says Vera profound statement Vera.
All right. The ages 18 17 and 15. The boys were charged as adults with body stealing a felony and opening a grave and missed the meter.
Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'll watch until you last night. I'll put it to the station.
Yeah. Oh, why would I do that? I don't know. You haven't even said anything yet. I'm hearing. All right. Listen. I was watching you. Do you want me to hang up on you with that? Let me hear you.
No, no, no. Listen. Would it hurt your feelings about how? I was a flip of the stations and I think it was Kernifera something. Yeah. I saw Nancy Humphries from Channel 4. Who the hell is that? Nancy Humphries. She's the new zanger. She had bought her channel 4. Yeah. She's going to channel 4.
Which is now. I never heard of her. I never heard of her. I never heard of her. No. Anyway, she was on the last night, but her name said Nancy. Oh,
Dell. And I'm wondering if they got married or I had a down her. Well, I'll be damned. I don't know. It's just kind of weird. Is she black? No, she's white. She's black. Yeah, I know that. Yeah. I mean, not that that should make a difference.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Okay, well, thanks for the old news. Okay, a purple line is open, a yellow line is open, a brown line is ringing W-I-O-D
Andy? Yeah. Yeah, you tell me he's full of crap. About what? Because if he spends so much time in Toronto, he knows there's good food there.
Food sucks there. This is the same guy that called before. Yes, it is. Yeah, so how many times you're going to call and tell us the same thing? Well, you full crap. Yeah, this is the third call and you're still full of crap.
See, that's what we got. That's our Canadian listener out there. There's a lot of good Canadians out there. He's not one of these in asshole. The food in Toronto sucks.
They're pizza sucks. They're steak sucked. They're like seafood sucks. They're Chinese food is abysmal. The food there is bad. Although they do have smarties up there, which are like the, they're like a foreign equivalent of M&M's.
You ever have smarties? They're made by Nestle. Can't get them here. You get them in Europe and you get them in Canada. Like I said, they know they're candy up there.
They got good candy with the rest of their food blows. So just go up there and eat a lot of candy. Open line a day, 751 W.I.O.D. The two green lines in Palm Beach. I'm telling you, man, if we got a one share left in this market, it's got to be one of the greatest miracles in the history of the human race.
I have never, I mean, this is like we're back in the Alex Bennett stages like back when we were down to like a four share on his show.
We're back in a never-never lane. We're finished. We're done. We're sitting here and in the meantime, they're flying banners over Joe Robby Stadium trying to be comedians.
And we got the program director going home and getting drunk because Sarah's telling off Phil Henry and completing. I guess Phil was the only guy left in the building that she hadn't told the F-Off. So I get you know, now the cycles complete Sarah nice going honey with a big potty mouth. See like I've said before.
If you're really do a great job, if you're like somebody special, if you really are important, if you really mean something, if you really got your crap together, then maybe if you feel compelled to tell people off, if that's your style, then I guess you're in a position to do it.
But when everything you touch turns to Drek, when everything you get involved with is like a goddamn living nightmare, and then you're running around telling everybody else that they're incompetent and full of crap and on grateful sons of bitches, then I think there might be a little bit of a problem there. You know what I'm saying?
That fucking bitch. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm Neil. I'm doing okay. Happy Halloween.
And back to you. I just want to say a love of show and listen all the time and Canadian food sucks.
And I saw the banner at the game on Sunday. Yeah. And I was so flaky. And of course I got it, you know, because I'm with it.
And I go to the bathroom right after I look up and they had the attendance name on duty and it was Louise Miguel.
How do you like that? I thought well damn. How the mighty have fallen, huh? I know.
He's in the ladies room. Yeah. I must tell you something. I know. So I just want to let you know that one and keep watching Austin on days of our lives. He's hot.
No. He's not that good. You don't like him anymore. No, that first day, I guess it was out there in a dark yet as close off and it was kind of shadowy.
He's not that good from the neck down. He's pretty good. The neck up. You can use a little work. Yeah. He couldn't touch Nick's ass. I'll turn it that right now.
I think he might want to, but I don't think he could touch it. You don't watch the young in the horny. Well, I don't get it at work.
Since they switched all those channels around everything, I can only get a few like channel seven, of course. Yeah. And channel 10 and I don't want to watch all my children.
I know. A channel seven's like a 24 hour soap opera than ever. Stuffed. And by the way, if you see Rick Sanchez lately, he's his face is like a chipmunk.
It looks like he's storing nuts for the winner. I know. I think he's been stored like he's got a mouthful of nuts. I think he's been stored.
Yeah. Have a great day. All right. See you at the Macy's mall. Okay. Bye. Bye. That's this Sunday from one to three. It'll be real interesting to see if we get anybody show up there after the way this audience has been the last several like what's it been about the last five years. They've been like this.
Five two four nine four six three were making the big turn now into that noon to one hour. Maybe the final two hours of the day. And boy, this is when they all abandoned us man. They go to lunch. They go out for that great Canadian cuisine.
They go for a little bit of smoked meat. They, you know, push back with a few moles in there. And that's all I know. That's all I know from is me and my blue. Five two four nine four six three. And agree. Are those green lines? Are they disconnected or what? What is that? Do you hear that?
Hello. Huh? That's the roll over. So it always sounds like it's the roll over. But I like that. Look at that. They're rolling over in Palm Beach. One eight hundred nine four four nine four six three. Don't forget the center one thing starts tomorrow. The CDs are great. The cassettes are great. And Phil, of course, this afternoon's going to tell you about those goddamn t shirts.
I've only radio station with an armored car. And boy, we need it. Six ten W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale News Talk and Entertainment Radio. Six ten W I O D.
Teacher attacked on school grounds. Good afternoon at 12 o'clock.
