Big beaver to use me and I'm really horny for it now.
All right.
News talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil call 751 WIOD from date, 524 WIOD from Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free, 1-800-944 WIOD.
At AT&Z Wireless customers can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD.
Right.
God is that thing real?
That son of a bitch is cute.
Hey husband now, will never be apart.
You do what I say or I'll rip out your heart.
Say goodbye to your friends, buy me a Mercedes-Benz.
You can't forget that crap in the future.
You're gonna do my laundry and you'll cook enough for me.
I'm sure you'll make a really excellent vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
I'm sure you'll make a great vlog.
Yeah.
Okay, 10 awaited WIOD.
That a beautiful song or what, huh?
So anyway, guess what I was watching moments ago?
We got 85 new talk shows on just since I went on vacation.
We got George Hamilton IV and his ex-wife.
Now that's a good pairing in it.
George Hamilton IV, best known in recent years for his horrendous performance in Godfather III
for his abortive performance in Godfather III and is still singing a rose in a baby roof.
Remember that?
I bet you don't.
I bet you don't, you do?
You never heard that.
Some of the revival fossil specials or it shows stuff like that.
Da da da da da da.
That was one of those.
Back in the late 50s, there were a bunch of so-called, well, they were kind of like actor singers.
And they all were given songs that were monotone because they couldn't sing.
Like, Tab Hunter did Young Love.
Now, Sunny James had a big hit on Young Love, which was a big hit.
And Tab Hunter also had a cover, which was like a moderate hit.
And Tab Hunter couldn't sing his wet of a paper sack.
He looked pretty good.
He was a screaming queen and did some strange things with his German shepherd.
But nevertheless, Tab Hunter was one of them.
Fabian was another one.
Remember Fabian, who also some people thought looked pretty good all the way down it.
And couldn't sing his wet of a paper sack.
And here was George Hamilton IV, who had a medley of his smash, a rose and a baby roof.
He's doing a TV talk show with his ex-wife.
Danny Bonadooshbag is doing a talk show.
This little punk who thinks he's hot stuff was busy in the closet wearing his mommy's dress or whatever he's doing.
Getting beat up by some 40 cent hooker.
And then guess who else has got a talk show who is really a pig.
Oh my God.
Brian Wilson's fat daughter.
Now, isn't it interesting?
You notice how these things all kind of like cluster together.
Remember, they just had that Brian Wilson epic, that great black and white piece of direct that was highly touted
and turned out to be a piece of garbage?
And her name is appropriately enough.
Karnie.
Is that where she hangs out in the Karnie?
She's the fat lady in the circus.
Oh, she's disgusting.
She's nauseating and she's got nothing to say.
Except that her dad was used to hang out and sleep a lot in bed with his teddy bear.
And that was it.
And they had all used to dump their goods into the living room.
And that was it.
She's got a goddamn talk show.
Karnie Wilson.
Everybody's got a TV talk show.
God damn it.
I just, if there's anybody out there who's looking for work.
Remember that kid that called the day before I went on vacation?
That 22 year old kid that was about to rob a bank.
Just get yourself a TV talk show pal.
You'll be making a fortune.
You'll be famous for 15 seconds before they cancel your goddamn ass.
So I come in here this morning.
Well, thanks to that guy who's doing it with Randy West or whatever that guy said he was doing for that incredible information about the passion bitch.
They got her down.
They got her down in Tampa.
They got her off in Tampa, which probably was the first time for her.
They got her ass off the air.
Holy cow.
How do you like that?
And this happened not yesterday, not last week, not a week ago, Shivowus.
It happened over three weeks ago.
And the word inside the building as usual, let's keep a lid on it.
Let's sit on this and don't let the word out because it's too embarrassing.
See, when we went off the year in Tampa, in fact, I kind of voluntarily said screw you guys because we were laying a big egg over there, man.
A big gigantic bomb.
That wasn't our market.
I'm not so sure that this is, but that was definitely none of our market in this town.
And, you know, so I said, hey, screw you guys and let's get back to doing a show over here.
But that was after two years.
This bitch highly touted.
She was going to show us all a thing or two.
They had 19 stations that wanted a sex bitch on a goddamn era,
immediately not if not sooner, according to Steve Dickhead.
I got you down.
Right. She was going to set this state on its ass on its ear on any position you can think of and some that haven't been invented yet.
And she's off the year on WSUN, where if you got a two-share, you got a big number.
What is that? What is that all about?
The sex bitch is gone in Tampa.
I got you down.
And she's on tape in Orlando.
How does that work? Do we have any idea?
Because we got all these green lines in here, but she's off the year in Tampa.
She's on tape in Orlando so she can't get calls live.
So I guess she's just stuck with this audience, which that should tell you all you need to know.
Anyway, about these Entaman light, whatever these things are called, reduced fat.
I got lots to say about that.
You know, I didn't meet this woman.
I came in. She brought him for Rick and Suds.
All those suds is on the Atkins, by the way, and doing very well.
Thank you.
So stop trying to screw up his diet lady with your goddamn Entaman garbage with this crap.
Well, I wish I wouldn't have let them take the box out of here.
I wanted to read the labels on some of those boxes.
Oh my God.
When you find out one of the donuts, there was 42 grams of carb in one donut.
So that's what I'm going to do, then.
I'm just going to read the labels of all the goddamn things.
What are those?
Donuts.
You're right.
42 grams.
42 grams for one donut.
And they're not even like big donuts.
You know, like those big jelly donuts.
And what's this guy on his talking edge?
Oh, he's wearing a Panthers jersey.
Look at that.
Oh, this is the Lisa show.
Nintendo helps him release job stress.
And he's wearing a goddamn Panthers outfit.
All right.
Okay.
Nice job for the dolphins last night.
Pretty mediocre.
And JB Brown locks out one great game.
He's playing his career.
He plays last night.
He's on sports talk tonight.
Nice timing, JB.
1013 at W.I.O.D.
Let's kill these rejoins.
Okay.
I mean, if he wants to come up with something new that we haven't heard eight million times,
but in the, uh, just for the benefit of the audience,
save like 20 seconds, about five times an hour.
That's like a hundred seconds.
That's almost two minutes.
So we can combat this evil thing that they're doing by jamming up the station with all these extra spots.
By the way, if anybody out there is wondering, where is Bob Green and where is Cheryl and where is Steve Dickhead?
Where is all these there having strategic meetings again yesterday and today and tomorrow more meetings,
more busman's holiday, more corporate expense.
Boy, I wonder how much they were a shell out for this crap.
So anyway, getting back to passion bones.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm not saying that we got rocket scientists listening to this show,
but wait until you hear this is from a University of Florida graduate.
Okay.
A facts that we somehow intercepted somebody on a staff.
I don't want to mention Adam's name, but somebody intercepted this facts intended for the passion bitch.
Wait till you hear this.
As I am well known, I asked that you not mention my name on a year.
I'm a recent RES ENT resent graduate of the University of Florida.
I'm a white male M-A-I-L.
A white male, this is a graduate of the Gatorer clan.
Okay.
A white male M-A-I-L 24 and average looking.
Ugly.
Anybody that says anybody that tells you their average looking, they are uglier than crap, they're uglier than I am.
I have wanted to have sex with an African American male since I was 12 years old.
Well, through the assistance of a voicemail line, I found a black male model.
He is 18 and was very good in bed spelled B-E-A-D.
He was good in bead.
He did the deed in bead.
We did everything but 69 and he was excellent.
He capitalized as in all God he was good.
I'm about 100 miles from Gainesville now so I don't know when if ever.
I don't know when if ever I will talk to him in person again.
We still talk on the phone.
I am sure even though it was a one time together.
I am sure even though it was a one time together sexually,
I am sure we are becoming good friends.
This is a 24 year old graduate of the University of Florida.
Oh my God.
I wonder what the first thing was.
He told this brother when he got together.
Can beat that gator meat.
But we sure are becoming good friends.
The experience was wonderful.
He and I had talked about.
He and I had talked about we liked before we got together.
And I got oral sex in my full body stroked.
Please tell Terry if he is listening that he was excellent.
Oh, all right.
Another gator strikes Terry into the hearts.
So anyway, here's some Entomans reduced fat.
50% less than our regular cookies.
Here's some chocolate chip cookies.
Serving size.
Three cookies.
Okay, and there's 27 cookies in a box.
At least if this is right.
Three cookies.
21 grams of carbohydrate per three.
Is there anybody out there who if they started eating these
would eat only three?
No way.
No chance.
Minimum you would eat minimum would be six probably eight or nine.
Right?
Because they're very small.
They're little ones.
So if you ate six that would be 42 grams of carbohydrate.
But these are reduced fat.
And you wonder why all you people out there are still fat?
Now let me just give you a little piece of info.
Case since the trends came out while I was on vacation last week.
Not that these are necessarily all that scientific and exact etc.
In addition to which we know about 40% of the audience
and this show is closet audience.
Women where we never have any women ever.
For example, you look back February, March and April.
We had a 2.8 share.
This is women 18 plus 2.7 the next month, 2.8.
Then we started talking about the Atkins diet.
Now men were still number one kicking ass going back up a little bit
with about a nine from 10 to two.
Women in May, June and July we went up to a three point
five from number 14 to number nine.
And in June, July and August tied for number six with a 4.2 in women.
Now they won't call us of course.
They're in a closet.
So when you wonder all those fat, Julio women that were on Channel 10 on that piece last Friday
and all these other women who are losing weight and I'm saving their life on the Atkins.
Guess what?
We know you're out there, sweethearts.
We know you're there.
In spite of the fact that I'm castigating and chastising the stupid women of America
who are busy watching the talking head shows,
we are finally actually getting a few women who are not busy their whole goddamn existence.
Watching stupid idiotic talking TV head shows.
You ever see a head show?
So anyway, George Hamilton the fourth and his ex-wife and we got
Karney Wilson and we got Danny Bonedouche bag
and we got JFK Jr. He had a show for about five minutes
and Ron Reagan Jr. He had a show. He had one for about five seconds and he dropped it.
10-21. Now we don't want to burden you with a lot of spots
but that's what we're here for. 10-21. In fact, when they're having a strategy meetings
what they're probably planning right now is a way to just have a tape of few liners to drop in between the spots
because don't forget, don't ever forget it.
The sales department runs the operation baby. Just keep that in mind.
Wait, I'm looking at this log with this new sinister thing that are programming
and sales and management asshole types who are busy in their strategic meetings right now.
They're having a strategy session to see if they can drive us down to one share, I guess.
But anyway, I'm looking at this structure here, the structure and they're choking off the programming.
In other words, basically all we got is spots and promos. So I think that's the next thing.
We're cutting out the rejoins on this show and number two, I think we're going to have to cut out these promos.
Is there anybody out there in this audience who doesn't know that we have the crappiest, the most inaccurate,
the most never are there traffic reports in history of the human race? Of course not. They were joke.
We don't have to give promos for that because it's an embarrassment. It's a black mark on our eye.
Is there anybody out there who doesn't know that we do the news? Okay.
Right. And one of the other promos for is there anybody does know that Rick and Suds are on in the morning
and feels on in the afternoon and the passion bitch for the time being is on at night.
And we got the stuff overnight that we wouldn't promo if you held a gun to our head.
You know all that. So what are we just wasting?
Let's get to it, baby. Lengthen the list of ship. That's what it's all about.
And these people, it's like they've got a goddamn game plan to chase away the audience.
Here's our first call a lady. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm doing great. Welcome back. Thanks.
Three things I had to tell you. Okay. First of all, another talk show that's on is Tempest Bloodsau.
Used to be on the Cosby show. That's not Drew Bletso's wife, is it? No.
Now she used to be on Cosby. One of the daughters. She's even got her own talk show.
How do you like that? She's got her own show. Yeah. That fucking bitch.
Another thing. I was up in Cleveland in June. Yeah.
And had the mistake of listening to Jazz McKay.
Tread W.E. And it was funny because he's up there. And he was basically saying that everybody can kiss his ass
because he's now heard in 32 markets. Oh, guess what?
Or 32 states. I was just up there a couple of weeks ago. I can't.
He got canned. And so he was bragging and bragging. He was bragging.
But he could be heard in 32 states. Well, what we do. And now he can't be heard in it.
Yeah. They said that they didn't see his contract and Gary Bruce got fired because he was more interested in the computers than in working.
Is that what they said? Yeah. Because the rumor that we heard is that he quits.
No, they could. He got canned. He got fired. Who said that?
It was in the newspaper. Are you serial boy Gary got canned allegedly on the air?
See you. He said that he got fired and Jazz McKay's contract wasn't renewed.
Unbelievable. See you. I thought that was kind of funny that he was bragging and bragging.
One other thing I wanted to ask you a question about. So I'll address Mills Mall.
Every morning has a Mall Walker's club. Okay. They have a what?
Mills Mylers. Where you go there and you do your exercise walking for the Mall over.
Mills Mylers. Mills Mylers.
Oh, yeah. A lot of young people are doing it. Really?
Yeah. The only thing is every handicapped parking space is filled in the parking lot.
But yet they're all in the mall walking.
Does that make a whole lot of sense? They're walking like laps around the mall, a mile and a half around and they're all in the...
Well, maybe it's like the that Tony, what the hell is his name? The a faith healer?
Maybe when they go in there they get healed from whatever the hell they had.
Maybe.
They just throw away their wheelchair and their crutches and their cane.
Maybe we just put them all in there and lock the door. That's a good idea.
Would never problem with handicapped parking.
Well, is this is this while the mall is open or before they open?
They have a problem from eight until 10 in the morning.
Yeah.
Also, they're just parking the handicraft because they figure that there's the mall ain't really open.
But I guess they've all got their little handicapped sticker.
They do? They have those little things out of rearview mirror?
They're all hanging in there. Yeah.
They're in there zooming up a storm while they're all falling off.
How do you like that? What a scan this is. This is one of the...no, seriously, this is one of the great scandals in this country.
I know.
Is people who illegally obtain handicraft because they're lazy and they don't want to walk the extra three, four hundred yards.
Well, somebody go take a look in there any morning and you'll see every spot taken and the thing hanging in the window and yet they're all...
Well, next time you go there, steal one of them from me, okay?
Okay. Thanks. Bye-bye.
See ya.
Yeah, you see, ordinarily I wouldn't mind. I'm really not that lazy. I'm pretty lazy, but not that lazy.
But when you got to walk an extra mile and a half just to find a parking spot, which usually with the sawgrass, it kind of comes in handy.
Because like I've told you before, more often than not, 95% of the goddamn handicapped spaces are empty.
And they're like 75 times as wide as your normal spot and they're about 40 of them all together.
So you put that together and you got about 50,000 yards.
Okay, where we going to the Grove? Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You had mentioned some time ago that you were off medication as a result of the Atkins diet.
Yes, sir.
And I was wondering at one point did you come off medication? In other words, what were your readings?
Blood glucose readings before and after.
Before and after?
Well, before you came off the medication.
Well, don't forget I was taking medication.
Right.
But if I didn't take medication, my blood sugar in the morning would be like 180, 200, 220.
Okay.
And now it's like 98, 102.
Oh, that's great.
With no medication for weeks now. None.
Zero.
Spectacular.
Yep.
See, that's why I don't understand how the channel 10 piece they had on the Atkins.
They never even mentioned anything about diabetes.
They did mention that it does lower your blood sugar, but they're insulin levels.
But that's all they said.
Right.
And the fact that this is one of the greatest things for diabetics that's ever been discovered in history of the human race.
And they conveniently neglected to put that in there.
I assume you came off with here.
A doctor's...
Yes.
A pro...
He called right on a year. Right on a year and told me to not take it anymore.
Oh, that's fantastic.
Yep. And he's on the diet too and he's lost a lot of weight.
Well, that's great.
It's good to have you back.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah, this thing, I mean, we're getting this big closet audience out there.
Like I said, it's starting to show up even in the numbers, but they, you know, they don't want to tell us.
Yesterday we had all kinds of different people, finally starting to admit that they're doing great.
They're losing the weight. I got a couple of faxes. We had that 19-year-old Julio who called in.
That said, even all those big fat Juliets out there at the International Mall.
In those speaking English country, all of them around the goddamn diet. They're all clamoring to buy the book.
Now, there was that piece in a herald. Of course, the piece in a herald was called Neal's Radical Diet or whatever else she called it.
So don't tell me that this show hasn't had the impact with this Atkins thing.
In addition to which speaking of the Atkins at the risk of screwing myself, I did go to publics yesterday right after the show.
And I bought...
They only had a couple of packages left.
So I probably, because I mentioned it in the first place, even though I didn't have the correct name,
the product that I was talking about those wienies, borers had light hot dogs.
Now, these have... they are 50% reduced in fat. And most of the products reduced in fat. Forget it.
They have the same carbohydrates or even more than the ordinary.
But these particular ones have zero carbs and man, even though they're small, they're teeny wienies.
But you cook those up on the grill and they just...
Oh, man, are they crisp and delicious and fantastic. The best wienies I've had in my mouth in a long time.
Borers had light hot dogs. Okay, I just mentioned it.
You'll be out at Lorenzo's, you'll be at Publix, you'll be at the A&S, you'll be all over the place,
gobbling them all up, good luck to you. Okay, they're great.
In fact, I think that when people find products that are like carbohydrate-free,
that we haven't talked about before, the very least that they could do would be calling us up and let us know about it or fax it to us.
But they won't.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil, welcome back.
Thanks a lot. Nice to have you back.
Sure.
And, Liz, I want to thank you for the... I lost 20 pounds on the adkins diet.
Oh!
Oh, and now what I did was I just transitioned into doing eating healthier and eating a little differently because now I'm starting to be more active.
Yeah.
It sure helped me lose that, you know, the first 20 pounds that needed to lose to get rolling into a different type of lifestyle.
And now I'm just raising my activity level up and starting to work out again.
And then...
I'd be real careful though about what you're starting because it doesn't take long to gain it back.
Really? Well, that's what the thing was. I didn't want to move when I was 210.
Yeah.
And now, at least, I'm down to where I feel comfortable getting out there.
Where you got enough energy to do it.
Exactly. So I just want to call that.
See, all these exercise freaks, they're always talking about what you got to be more active and you got to do this.
You got to go to the gym and you got to work out.
Well, when you're a big fat blob, you don't have enough energy.
You can just really crawl your fat ass out of bed in the morning, much less go out there and start running on the treadmill and go into the gym.
Yeah, exactly.
But it worked for me.
It got me where I want to be and I wasn't just wanting to call you.
Thank you.
Okay. Keep it up now.
Take care, everybody.
See ya.
Okay, so the dolphins one last night and I know that we haven't had anybody...
Even this morning on Rick and Suds, I noticed very little comment about that.
Now, maybe the people are coming down to Earth and they finally realize that, you know, the defense played very well, especially JB Brown last night and Brian Cox.
But I got to tell you something, man, that was not what you call a really spectacular performance.
17 of the 23 points came on a four turnovers by the very inept offense of Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh defensively is spectacular offensively without O'Donnell in there. I mean, forget it. They're just pathetic.
Mike Tomzek is like a grade school quarterback. He always has been.
The only good game he's ever played in his life was last year when he picked the dolphins to pieces.
He had his big day. That was it. That was the medley of his head.
The kid is pathetic.
And if O'Donnell would have been in there and also Rod Woodson would have been playing last night, I'm going to tell you it would have been a different story.
Okay, so just consider the fact that you slipped by, didn't look all that good.
Running game was not existing.
Danny Boyd got belted on his ass one time.
Got all bent out of shape, you know, but you know, you got to take the hits, Danny.
You can't just stand back there like a statue and expect never to get touched by human hands.
Okay, wasn't the dirty hit. Wasn't the spear job.
It was a good clean hit and he's grabbing a guy by the jersey and he's getting all pissed off because all the mouthing off.
That went on all week long. You got to go out there and be a man, Danny Boyd.
Take the, you want to take the punishment like blood.
So blood goes. That's got a separated left shoulder.
Finish the whole goddamn game on Sunday. Didn't play all that well, but he went out there and played his ass in wicked pain.
The entire game. He's got a separate left shoulder.
Butch up a little bit, Danny. Okay, sweetheart and do something about those lips.
Penins expressed by the host guest or callers on WIOV are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors.
All WIOV programs are copyright 1995 by WIOV Incorporated.
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOV.
Incorporated Brad Pitt God.
You've heard the allegations on the news. You've read the steamy accounts in the newspaper.
Now you can hear it straight from the horses' mouth.
Is the new sex line from Bob Backwood, 1900 Congress.
Hi, this is Bob. Right now I'm wearing a dark two-piece suit with those little garters that hold up my thigh.
I bet you're getting hot, huh? Well, you just do wait until I get up down around my ankles here.
Bob Backwood's 1900 Congress is the number to call when you want to go all the way to the top.
Now if you stay on the line long enough, I'm going to put the phone down my pants.
Let Bob Backwood, the Senate's one man sex machine tell you what really turns him on.
I get off on women who can't stand me and I can tell baby I'm really making use of this.
Or call the sex hotline that never gives it to you straight. Bob Backwood's 1900 Congress.
You know, they subpoenaed my diary, but I don't find I love to hear the word the Pino.
Bob Backwood's 1900 Congress. It's phone sex. We're all paying for it.
Yeah. Okay, 1041 at WIOD and I should have known. I saw that we had a call in Broward.
I should have known it really wasn't a Broward call. It says a mobile in Houston, likely story. Hello.
It's the truth, Neil. I'm in Houston. I talked to you about a month ago. I just got out of jail in Broward County.
That's why I first heard you. I live in Houston and I just wanted to call you and congratulate you on the dolphins win last night.
Why are you congratulating me? I got nothing to do with it. I'm not a dolphin fan. I'm a Patriot fan, man.
I thought you're a dolphin fan. No way. I went I was down there. Huh? You talked about him on the radio when I was down there.
Where was that back in June, July? No chance. I haven't been a dolphin fan for this is the second season now.
Oh, you were talking about. You must have been hallucinating. No, not me. That's why I was in jail because I was hallucinating.
Yeah, I have an alley. But I know I just want to congratulate you on your win. I don't want no congratulations, pal.
I got nothing to do with it. I think I'm undefeated. If they win the next five Super Bulls, I'm not going to be a phony and jump onto bandwagon.
I was rooting for the Steelers last night. I feel if Neil O'Donnell would have been playing they would have won a goddamn game.
It was kind of rough shape for the field though. Do you have a tape or could it be? It was what?
The field was in rough shape though. I mean, because they had the baseball dirt on the field. I mean, it was I guess muddy. I'll be getting a lot of rain down there.
It was muddy. It looked like what game were you watching last night? Man, there wasn't money. There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
No, it didn't rain last night. But I mean, the field seemed to be wet. Yeah, something was wet. Okay.
No, do you have any CDs or cassettes that are best up Neil?
Do we have any? Yeah, I mean, can you buy any anywhere or can I order something starting November one? Call Georgia November.
Call Georgia November. Right. And I can order one through the phone. You can order it right over the phone. How do you like that?
Have a great day and go Patriots. Okay. Now we're talking to you. See how easy he was and go Patriots. What a suck old man.
Oh, no, I just changed my mind. I'm a ran span. They're three and all. Okay. Go Rams. Ram it.
Okay. Now we're back to normal and Broward. We got no calls there. 5249 463 that purple cellular one line is open pound IOD.
Oh, I'm sorry. The purple AT&T wireless line. Excuse me. Well, it takes too long to say that we don't have time.
We got to start talking real, real fast now because we just don't have a lot of time here. Okay.
5 we're just off to the same kind of start and Broward that we were yesterday. What's going on with you people up there in Broward?
You all doing them all walk up there with the sawgrass or they all out voting of course today on a goddamn penny sales tax increase.
So we can have our real great schools in Broward County right likely story that guy who called and straightened me out yesterday.
He was absolutely correct. Anybody that votes yes on that and believes you're going to get good education in Broward County.
You're in a dream world, man. You're in La La land. They're peeing your money away. If the public in this country knew the way that governments local state and federal governments
P away our money man. We'd have a goddamn revolution. If anybody ever got up off their ass from watching the tuck and head shows 524 W I O D.
I'm waiting on Broward here baby. I'm waiting and I'm going to wait until goddamn hell freezes over. I'll tell you that right now.
Until we take the next call Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay.
Doffers kick ass. Yeah. No, they didn't kick ass. They didn't really play that well. Mac. Oh, Marino got hurt though.
Poor little man. He can't take a hit. Yeah. He got a good hit. I mean, how about L way? Remember L. White got locked and knocked the silly about three times last year.
And all these other guys getting concussions and the Ackman member Ackman got the concussion twice last year. What's what's going to happen if Danny starts taking a few real hits man.
Well, I think he's a great quarterback. But you just can't stand back there all alone all day. You got to be able to the well a problem with
Denny's. He's just not mobile man. They said probably at least a defense holding off the defense played great offense. The offense pretty shaky.
You know, they know running game. They just couldn't but don't forget. You know, we got a great team. Yeah. Well, they're going to get the ass kick real good. Yeah.
November 20. That's 49er game. They're going to get the dolphin. You get the ass kicked there. Scary man. It's really the prospect of it is scary.
And let's say paid off or something. Yeah. That's it. Okay, pal. All right. See you. Two open lines in dates. 751 to enbroward 524 to one of green lines.
18944. I think we'll have to call Tom Velvita and Tampa put him on here and find out the real story on passion bone, which has been off the
year for three weeks and a plus two days. I guess counting this week off the year in Tampa canceled audio. She's a ghost. Well, I don't understand it.
The dickhead told me she was going to be the hottest things in sliced halavaboy. She was just going to set the country on its ass and on its
rear and on its up and down and in and out and the back and forth. And maybe too many snowballs over there. You know, they're not used to so much snow in Tampa.
Maybe too many red wings. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi. I brought this up two things. First of all, I love my dolphins. Got to take the ups with the
downs and upset. Secondly, what does that mean? What does it mean? I love them. I'm a fan. No, no, I don't avoid me to take the ups with the downs. What is that?
Like we're having a good time this year. We didn't for the last five years. So there's been enough. There's nothing wrong with being three. Oh, but I do remember a couple of years ago. Wasn't the
tour was a three years ago when they got off to that great start and all they needed. And then they didn't even make the playoffs two years ago.
I think they lost five out of six. And it got out of the San Diego game in a Jets game and they needed to win one of the last two games and they blew them both.
Remember that? Well, hopefully if this is a team that even the coaches can't screw up. So let's keep our fingers crossed. Yeah, that's the only hope you got.
I am a single parent living in the heart of Western elementary schoolbroward. And I am voting no 100 times over six and friggin tired of everybody telling me how great it's going to be like they did with the lottery.
They did with everything else. I do not want to see. I mean, there's enough money in the budget for them to do it if they want to do it right.
I don't get a knife. I overspend my money. I don't get to say, okay, somebody help me out. Give me some more. It doesn't work that way. And it doesn't work that way with
Broward. And I encourage everybody out here not to fall into this trap. All right. It's ridiculous. They're going to squander this as badly. I mean, if somebody comes up to you and borrows
$5,000 from you, you have to be prepared not to get that money back because if they need that money now, what makes you think they're going to have it to pay you back later?
Right. Like Stan Major, for example, I was doing my two grand. Good, a good example. But no, no 100 times. No get out there and tell them enough.
Okay, pal. Thanks. Early and often, two open lines indeed, 751 WYOD to and Broward 524. We were off to kind of a casual start there this morning.
I thought we were going to have like lots of calls, not even give out the phone numbers. I thought we kind of like, you know, start getting back in the swing of doing a real goddamn show here today.
Guess what? Surprise. No chance. 751 WYOD and date 524 WYOD and Broward 2 on the green lines 1 800. By the way, the FBI is investigating Calvin Klein just in case you missed that.
10 51, a WYOD. These phones, man, are deader than a goddamn tournail WYOD.
Yeah, I don't know what's been happening. Long time no here. Why not? Because I have to work for a living. They don't let me hear you. Yeah. There's nothing happening.
Absolutely nothing. Same old crap, man. Yeah. Same stuff. Different day. Yeah. What about the football game? You watch the football game? Yeah. And are you listening to the show or what?
Neil, I told you I can't listen to the show. So then what are you calling me? So what are you calling for? Well, we don't miss you. Okay, get out of our lives WYOD.
Neil, yes, sir. You have to vote yes today for what? For the tax yesterday. I thought it was today. Today. Yes today. So how did it come out? Did it pass or lose? It should win based on what?
Based on what because it's a need and all these jerks that be wait. Wait a minute because it's a need that that's a great answer. It's a need. You know something. Let me tell you something right now. Oh, this guy.
Don't you want to have a conversation at all? He don't want to have any conversation. It's a need. And you know why he doesn't want to have a conversation because he has no facts. He's got no information. He can't back it up with anything substantive except it's a need.
We can't even a good cliche. There's a lot of need as in good education in this goddamn country and guess what? They don't know how to do it. And you can throw all the money at it. Just like welfare. It's the same goddamn thing. You can keep throwing all the money at it you want. You know, the Republicans for once in their lives, they came up with a really good idea.
In that welfare reform package about all these goddamn welfare women and about cutting off their benefits if they have another goddamn kid while they're on welfare. Well, guess what? My bleeding heart liberal friend said, oh, that's a bad idea. You can't punish these women just because they're making all these goddamn babies that they can't take care of that are going out on the streets and becoming lifetime criminals. You can't do that because welfare is a way of life in America. And it's the same thing with education. Maybe it sucks. It blows.
It's pathetic. Just like that letter from that that facts from that 24 year old graduate from the University of Gatorland man and the same thing at the U of M and almost every goddamn instant and we're talking college, baby. We're talking graduates. We're talking about somebody who somehow got a degree.
And you're talking to me about education in this country. Nobody reads a goddamn book except the women reading those stupid, the silly romance novels. That's what it's all about.
Or reading about Lord asked Limbaugh or Newt Gingrich or whatever right wing piece of turt is latest number one on the bestseller list. That's what America's into. It's amazing. It's frightening in this guy. Well, it's a need. Yeah, we got a lot of needs, baby.
But just taxing a goddamn public over and over again and pretending that the money is going to go where it belongs and really going to improve quality of education. Don't sell me that because we know better. We've been especially in Florida. Florida should be called the no can do state.
You pick the topic no matter what is we can't do it. About the only thing we can't we screwed up everything here except the sunshine. And if we ever figure out a way to do that, trust me. We'll be right on top of it. That's what we can do.
Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay? Listen, June 13th came on a Monday with the book. I went out that night and I got it in the book to yeah. And so that's been a little over three months. Is that the day that I started this thing in June?
You started you came on the June 13th. You said I was in sawgrass mills on a Saturday or Sunday and you saw the book. Remember? Right. That was you know back in June and been so it's been three months. 20 solid pounds.
So how come it's taking you so long to call and kiss my ass? I don't understand it. I don't get it. I have a check out before I've been given you probably I would never have an open line.
Everyone is sure that people are doing so and these people that say, well, this is boring. We don't want to hear about screw them. Okay. They got nothing to say like this last guy. It's a need.
But the last two guys were real jerk. Well, I can't listen to you work. So I'm going to go up in the open though. He doesn't even know what we're talking about. But he's just just going to interrupt and call in the middle of the show. You know, to give me a did I see the game even I've been talking about it for 20 minutes.
I got a spy report from last week. You know, you're running tapes all last week. I know the same ones over and over. Yeah, right. Well, in addition to the one that they messed up, it seems that they were trying to squeeze more spots and there were a couple of times. I think on Monday Tuesday, where instead of your normal voice was like, okay, I would tell you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. Hi. The
attorney. The attorney that might have pet pattofe punch andита director here. It's going to be great. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Good morning. Thank you very much. God She's very happy to see you. Good morning. Thank you. Look and breathe. Good morning. Look and breathe. Thank you. Take care,
There's also something else going on while they're voting on this one cent sales tax.
What the American Family Association is doing?
And by tell you about it?
About what?
Okay, they're out at the polls and you know they need to get 46,000 signatures.
Oh yeah, to repeal the gay rights ordinance, right?
Yeah, but there's a group of people out there with signs that say decline to sign.
And they're just going to stand there very nicely and very peacefully.
And when the American Family Association goes up to the voters exiting the polls
and telling them to vote against this Broward Commission ordinance.
Or this.
Yeah.
That people will just say, I'm sorry, I declined to sign because you know that this is not a homosexual issue.
This is a red herring issue.
Oh yeah, but wait a minute.
The American Family Association, the whole reason for their existence is pure homophobia.
Exactly.
If you ever read any of their literature, that's all they talk about.
Oh, I know, but they use it as an opening to eventually restrict everyone's civilization.
Of course.
So all I say to the voters of Broward is when the American Family Association comes up to you,
remember democracy, remember that you are also a part of civil liberties and just decline to sign.
Sorry to interject a serious note, Neil, but we're fighting for our lives here.
We are the American Family Association, and they're out of control.
They got the FBI investigating Calvin Klein.
What is it going to be next?
Well, they assume that they speak with the American people.
It's time for the American people to speak back and say, look, your agenda does not fit our needs.
Okay.
Thanks, guys.
See ya.
Yeah, the American people are really going to wake up, right?
Sure they are.
They're too busy watching George Hamilton as ex-wife.
All the day lines wide open, 751 WIOD, one in Broward.
You know that music that Rick was playing there at the end of the show last 15 or 20 minutes?
We could probably find that card somewhere and just crank that baby up for all the good it's doing being here today again.
Come back from vacation yesterday.
It was a head of kick him in the ass a couple of times.
From Monday, it wasn't all that bad. It was okay.
Come back here again.
Today, they want to make up for it.
It is just pathetic.
This God for a second place, man.
Is there anybody got anything to say?
I could write down 85 different goddamn things that I wanted to talk about.
It wouldn't make any difference because they don't want to talk about any of them.
751 WIOD and day.
Here we are trying desperately.
I'm trying to save you like a, you know, we're eliminating the goddamn rejoins.
We're going to start scratching out the promos.
Just try to save the format of the goddamn radio station.
So we have a show here.
We're trying to salvage our lives.
Our careers are existence.
And what does this audience do?
They sit back again on their goddamn deadass.
They're all running out there to their goddamn delis right now, picking up their boars head, low fat, whatever to hell that light the hot dogs.
Because Neil talked about it.
But they sure, and then they're going to wind up with their throwing away their diabetes medication.
They're going to wind up losing 40, 50 pounds.
They're going to go out. They're going to start getting some action.
They're going to find a life.
And will they ever have the goddamn decency to call me up or even send me a fax and say,
thank you for saving my life?
No, because this is Florida.
Because this is the mentality of these damn people.
And go out by the way and speak on the word no and vote no ten times.
If you think this hour has been strange.
Just wait.
610 W I O D by Emmy Ford Lauderdale.
News talking to the entertainment radio.
10 D I O D.
I O D.
Thanks, Terry.
A limited O5 at W I O D. Kill it.
Okay, that's another extra 30 seconds.
We're killing all the clutter, okay, because we have to fight back.
They've stolen two minutes an hour extra on everybody's show.
And then they're sticking an extra spot and then news on Phil's show in a half hour.
And Phil even always a great talent and a nice guy.
It's such a pussy that he lets them overrun.
And this poor guy, they sent him out to the goddamn stadium to an empty stadium every dolphin game.
The guy's not even a dolphin fan.
He's got to work the tailgate party.
He's got to be there for like 10 hours every time the dolphins play.
And we're not for Brad Bouger Bell, Monty, man.
I don't know how this guy would make it through.
I mean, he's not the new kid on the block anymore.
He's been here for over a year now.
He's been here for like a year and a half.
He's doing great.
Everybody loves Phil Henry.
And his poor son of a bitch there destroying a man.
Not to mention the fact that the sales department don't know what his name is.
Okay, let's go right back to the calls.
Okay, as we're fighting against the goddamn establishment.
Let them have their strategy meetings.
Okay, we'll do our own goddamn strategy.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I've been out of town for a week and I heard my employee that there was a special on Channel 10 on the Atkins diet.
Yeah.
And we were talking about how it was bad for you because it won't have to muscle and it didn't go after that.
Oh, well, wait a minute.
First of all, when you say they were saying they had a registered dietitian bitch on it.
And then there who knows nothing about nutrition.
She had no clue what she was talking about.
And then all the people that they were talking to on there, they were doing great.
Yeah, that's right. That's what she said.
So instead of going out and getting a couple of medical doctors, one who might have been pro
and one who might have been con and like, you know, given the pros and cons,
they have some idiotic registered dietitian who knows nothing.
And I do mean nutritionist and dietitians know nothing about diet and nutrition.
They had her on.
Yeah, my doctor and two other people,
which are different doctors, all said it was the best diet out.
There you go. And my doctor's on it and he looks like a new person.
He's lost the ton of weight.
Great. Okay, let's all let you know.
Okay, pal.
Yeah, that was in a course again, the public just sits back.
They just sit back like a sponge soaking it up.
You know, what's the use?
What's the hope?
My God. Is there any hope at all?
The Christian right is taken over this whole goddamn country.
Their idea of family values is whatever, whatever their agenda is.
The same old tired crap that they've been honking about for the last 20 years now.
And now all of a sudden they've taken over to government.
The same thing with their abortion and with their let's suburb in the faggots and you know,
that's all and everything that has anything to do with sex,
they're the only ones who are supposed to be doing it.
Everybody else is a pervert.
They can have it all they want.
Just ask Jimmy Swagger.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
I'm down here 13 years and I'm Michigan.
Yeah.
I'm 75 years old.
Oh.
But I want to tell you something.
No, I was interviewed by a Harold reporter.
For what?
That Hollywood mall.
For what?
About what we thought about there changing the signs to read bigger and wider traffic strips and so forth.
Changing what signs to read bigger?
Pardon?
Changing what signs?
Oh, anyway, what I'm getting to the point there.
No, no, changing what signs.
Well, they mentioned it in my, my, my, Harold, there it is.
It bothered months ago.
Changing what signs?
The traffic signs.
What traffic signs?
All right, you got me there.
Oh, I don't know.
Okay, I'll excuse me for asking a stupid question.
Go ahead.
Oh, that's not stupid.
I enjoy living down here.
But one glaring garden.
Yeah.
I'm not one of those old putty duties.
No.
75 years old.
Obviously, yeah.
But I want to bring something up that was not mentioned in the paper.
Oh, what is that?
That, well, I, as I said, I'm 75 years old.
Why do you keep saying that?
Well, I'm legally blind.
That's the, oh, yeah.
I'm legally blind.
So what difference if they made the signs bigger?
All right, that's what I was forgetting.
How about if they make the signs in Braille?
So when you're driving down 95, you can reach out and touch somebody.
That sounds good.
That's a good idea.
But I gave up driving because I got this mac and the degeneration of the eyes.
Right.
And I'm legally blind.
Why do you, why are you telling me all of this?
I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive, which I'm not, but I'm just getting a little bit.
What is the point?
I think that I fight for drivers license.
You know, and I got six years of driving an enemy.
Right.
Yeah, I gave up driving a year ago.
Right.
Why did you do that?
Everybody else down here is, if they're not blind, they're all stoned out of their minds, and they're the same as blind.
So what their vases are made.
Go out there and have a good time, pal.
Put the pedal to the metal.
We have an open, oh, Jesus, thanks George.
Open line at day 751, one and brown, five, two, four.
I'm blind.
I got a driver's license for the next 500 years because it's the state of Florida.
Like these old women who are getting renewals of their driver's licenses in the mail.
They're like 82 and 85 and 95 years old.
And they're getting six year renewals in the mail.
They don't even have to go down for an eye test, for an ear test, for a bowel movement test, for any kind of a goddamn, for an animal bag test.
They're getting renewals because this is the state of Florida.
And if you believe that by giving them more of your sales tax money, that they're going to improve the quality of education or any other quality of life in this state, just take a look at the construction on the roads, man.
Just take a look.
They start a project January of this year.
If we're lucky by the year 2000, they might get done with it.
How they doing down here on Kendall Drive and on sunset.
How they doing up there on 125th and Biscayne.
How they doing right up here on Biscayne where they got the whole goddamn road and they're going to be working on it for the next 10 years.
How are they doing on anything?
They can't get it done, baby.
They can't do it.
Just like that really neat turnpike tool increase.
Let's get those bumper stickers out of there.
That worked good at Chuck Meyer campaign. That was it.
Here's the Lady Mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You're very obnoxious.
Yeah.
And loud and very ignorant.
Sorry, I'm...
So why are you listening?
Because you're super-delicious to what I like laughing at.
You have to have to rage.
And I think I'm smarter than you are.
Yeah, based on what?
What is it that you know that I don't?
I think I'm smarter than you are.
Am I going too fast for you?
Click.
There she goes.
Stupid bitch.
What a stupid smelly bitch.
But you're probably right, honey.
You're a hell of a lot smarter than I am and you're a real freaking genius.
And what time is your show on?
Good fucking bitch.
Open line at Broward, 5249-463-524-W-I-O-D.
Sunrise on a purple line.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
When is this?
I think you got a great show here.
I wish I could listen to you more often.
I don't even know I'm stupid and I'm ignorant and she knows her crap.
Yeah, well, she really knows crap.
They'd stay on the phone longer if they had something to say.
Yeah, she had nothing to say.
True.
But I only get to listen to you two days a week because I work the graveyard shift.
So I listen on my days off the rest of the days I'm sleeping.
Yeah.
But I've got to thank you.
I think you are a lifesaver.
I've only been on the diet for two weeks.
I've been, I suffer from degenerative arthritis in both knees for four years.
Oh, stop!
Stop!
I don't want to hear about any more diseases.
Okay, we got the old guy with his Mac and their generation keys blind as a bed.
You got too bad our three-digit leg.
Stop!
Okay.
Go ahead.
But for that...
I don't want to stop you, but stop it.
Okay, but I've just been saying that because of that I have not been able to exercise.
And it's sort of like a double-aged sword.
Yeah.
I've got a good appetite, but because I can't exercise, I can't lose the weight.
And I've been on every diet going, I'm on it for about a week.
And then give up because I'm starved.
This diet's great.
I've lost 14 pounds and 14 days now and I'm going to stick with it.
Great.
And again, your life's there, but thanks a lot.
Okay, keep it up and don't tell us any more about your arthritis.
Okay, okay.
Have a good day.
Oh, man.
Let's hear from everybody who's got to disgusting this...
Oh, let's hear it.
Come on, we want to see it.
We want to see from people like I like those gnarled up toes, you know, they're like,
oh, you know what I'm talking about, right?
I mean, like one toe goes to the left and the other one goes to the right and one of them goes straight up in here.
Let's see some pictures of that.
Come on, we'll get a 90-share with that.
Open line on the purple line, pound IOD, pick it up and pound it.
It's a free call.
We pay for it.
It's the AT&T wireless, baby.
Whatever that means.
16 and WID.
That was Aaron, who made that call to calls back.
That fucking bitch.
I thought I recognized the voice.
Here's a mobile and four-lottered Elgon.
Gone, long gone.
Here's the sound of that mobile we were getting to you next.
We skipped all the rejoins, everything.
Just so we can get to you right away because you're caught on your dime and you're crap out.
What a jackass, man.
What a mother.
Here's the homestead.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I just wanted to let you know I bought third time a tank in you for the Atkins, but I heard you crying.
No, no, wait a minute.
But don't you understand there are thousands and thousands of people out there.
I don't want nothing that I don't appreciate it.
I don't want the same people calling every two days.
Tell me they lost another three ounces, man.
No, no, I know that.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
These miserable bastards all they do is take.
They're just takers.
They drain the blood out of you.
Yeah.
Like squeezing a sponge.
But anyway, I wanted to, you were talking about bottom round.
You know that stuff you buy.
Yeah.
Oh, we've been using that for 35 years.
There we are.
Yeah, we just cook around.
That'll make your bottom round.
I'll tell you that right now.
Uh-huh.
I said it'll make your bottom round.
And listen, did you see Saturday's paper?
This Jeff Foxworthy has the, you know you were a redneck if.
Yeah.
If your family tree doesn't split.
Yeah.
Oh, that guy just sends me.
Yeah.
But anyway, he's got a contest.
He wants to know you know you're in South Florida.
If can you imagine a good comedy right away to get to that?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I can write about 500 of those.
Yeah.
Okay, pal.
Have a great life.
Bye-bye.
Two open, I mean, one open something open, open line and date.
Seven, five, one.
So the six bitches off the year in Tampa.
Okay.
How come we're not getting any calls about that?
I remember back in the beginning when she was on the first few months.
We had a, a popo, a, a, a mess of call about that show.
Mostly in protest, people that were psychotic about that show.
And of course, in the meantime, they've all allegedly stopped listening.
You're not kidding me.
Every time she talks about snowballing, every time she talks about earning your red wings,
you guys are out there with your finger up each other's ass.
Who the hell are you kidding, huh?
Up your own?
Here's the Orlando.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil, how you doing, man?
Good morning.
How's everything?
Great.
Oh, that sucks bitch in Tampa, man.
She blew.
Let me tell you.
She blew in Tampa.
Yeah, she blew Tampa, but I think she was on like Ron and Ron's hooters or something like that
or Bob Lassarder's hooter.
But anyway, Neil, listen to what it is.
What does that mean?
Oh, I don't know.
Listen to that blind driver telling to put the pedal to this right here, and that obnoxious bitch
take her with him.
Okay.
Listen, listen to the sound of the dial tone.
Let's go to Kendall.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was listening earlier about the lady talking about the votes and the family coalition there.
Yeah.
I got to say that I really have to say that these people only need special rights.
I'm tired of everyone saying that this person gets these rights.
You know, nobody wants special rights.
People just don't want to be discriminated against.
You want to discriminate against people?
Is that what you want?
I don't want people to get this.
Let me ask you this question.
You live in Broward County?
Yes.
You do how come you're calling in date?
You don't even live in Broward, do you?
If I do.
You vote in Broward?
I'm down here going to school.
Where do you live?
I live in Broward.
Where?
Broward.
And where?
Here.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Another phony and other little homophob right there.
These people don't need special rights.
Let me say this to you.
Okay.
One way or the other.
You can't vote on whether people have rights or not.
And that's one of the biggest problems with this country.
And of course, when they passed the civil rights laws, they didn't say, okay.
All you people in Alabama and Mississippi and Florida and Louisiana and all these other red next days,
let's go out and put it to a vote and see whether we want to give rights to black people.
Okay.
You can't let the public vote on whether people can be discriminated against or not.
That's up to the government is to protect the public from discrimination.
But of course, they don't because homophobia now is a way of life.
That's part of the good Christian right now.
That's one of the main planks in their thing.
And their ass is homophobia, man.
If you can't find a scapegoat just like Hitler found out you can't get very far.
But when you find some good scapegoats, when you build up some real good hate,
then you really make some progress.
Then they'll elect your ass.
And the rest of you too.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Are you regretting coming back from your vacation?
Oh, God.
You have no idea.
Hey, pretty soon.
You know what my problem is?
I go away on vacation.
I have a great time just about every time.
I come back and I rest for a couple of days.
And I somehow I dilute myself into believing that it's going to be different.
Why is it going to be different?
It's never going to be any different here.
Never is.
This town's never going to change.
These people aren't going to change.
I drive to work in the morning.
I get to date county.
I look around every...
99% of the people in every car are a bunch of geeks.
They're geeks.
It's terminal, Neil.
That pretty soon, actually, we can have this isn't going to matter anymore.
And the hot-d starts again.
That's right.
That's what I said yesterday.
Thank God for that.
Panthers got shut out to nothing by the Alanis last night.
Uh-oh.
That's not a good sign.
But they won 65 to 5 tonight before that.
So you'll feel better about that.
That's the truth.
Hey, but now we're going to...
Leafs beat Ottawa, four to two last night.
Oh!
Now we're going to be able to see some real teams play hockey this year too.
Toronto should be ready.
Right.
That's right.
We don't have this short and season where we just play our own conference.
That's right.
Good point.
Better looking people to see.
Right.
All right, Neil.
Okay.
So yeah.
That's right.
Better looking people to see.
We'll have Pavel Burry and Alexander McGilney with their match in here to his gutter.
Are they looking...
Are they looking strange or what?
I'm Tonya.
There's the Dark Horse team right there as Vancouver.
Boy, they're going to be...
They're going to be tough as nails this year.
Those damn conucks.
Oh, we got to do another one.
Jesus.
You know, this is just...
I'm cutting every corner right now how you know what I'm saying?
I'm cutting them.
I'm chopping them.
Oh!
Sorry about that.
I'm a rich girl.
And I've gone too far.
But you know it doesn't matter anyway.
I can rely on the old man's money.
Jay Howard's dead.
And now it's my money.
I'm a rich girl.
Cause I stole it from his kids.
But you know it doesn't matter anyway.
Everybody hates me and I don't care.
Cause I'm a millionaire.
Okay, I love it 25 at W.I.D.
Can we come up with something at the end of the clusters to stick in there?
Some horrendous sound?
What do you want to use?
Like a fart sound effect?
What do I want to use?
How about a guy named H-Bomb would be good?
How about a good fire man?
A good bonfire for this place?
Man, would that be just what the doctor ordered or what?
Open line and D.
Yeah, that's good.
751 W-Y-O-D, 2 and Broward, 524 W-Y-O-D.
Jesus, Adam from excitement is our only call in Broward.
That's pretty sad.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I just wanted to say I was up in Tampa about a month ago.
Yeah.
And they were voting on the gay rights ordinance bill there, which of course didn't pass.
And they basically were voting on their God-given right to discriminate against people of other sexual preferences.
Right.
And they would have people, people would get up and say that gay people were responsible for every problem in America today was responsible because of gay people.
Aren't they?
It was pretty pathetic.
Yeah, it was bad.
Well, what do you expect over there?
How do you expect in Tampa, Florida for Christ's sakes?
So I do.
A bunch of those pickers.
Just figured I'd call and share.
I guess, you know, doing it with your pig and your sheep, that's okay, but doing it with another human being, that's a problem.
Marrying your cousins are right, too.
There you go.
Anyway, taking George to a party on the 30th.
Can I plug it?
Well, what is this?
I'm kind of a under the table deal now.
You're taking George to a party and he told you to get a free plug on a year's out there.
No, he's just like those Sunday launches.
He was having with Al Goldstein in fact, rich for a while there.
Is that what this is like?
No, he didn't tell me anything of the sort.
I just figured I'd ask you.
Well, what is it?
Palo Centerfold.
It's going to be lots of free drinks and free party and all sorts of stuff.
Oh, I bet you the PD will show up for that.
Absolutely. It's the 30th.
It does go and get a drink.
Come on.
Come on.
Let's have a little drink.
Let's screw all this stuff here.
That's not worry about.
It's just going to have a drink.
There you go.
Yeah. So where is it?
What is it?
It's at Palo Centerfold.
Oh, I'm having a drink.
At three o'clock.
Three o'clock, when?
At Palo Centerfold on the 30th.
Of September.
Yes.
Where the hell is that?
It's down in homestead.
It's down for that.
That's it.
It's going to get drunk, yeah.
Okay.
At homestead.
Okay.
See ya.
See ya.
Homestead.
That's just like Tampa.
We have an open line at day, at 7-5-1.
At homestead, Paran and Arangio Man.
You talk about nose pickers.
Woo!
Holy Toledo, baby.
As Rick Weaver would say.
And by the way, Spick at a Rick Weaver.
My God.
This bill's in for.
What are we going to do about this guy?
He is just so lackluster.
You know, on the one hand, he got him,
which he sounds like he's coming out of a computer and other hand,
he got mad at you.
Yes!
Yes!
All right!
Oh God.
It's Dynamite.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing, Pellet?
Okay, sir.
Welcome back.
Yeah, sure.
That was VK.
Great.
I wanted to shed a little bit of light on the caller call a while ago,
and you weren't understanding what he was talking about the sign.
The 75-year-old guy that was blind,
was driving to work right now, yeah.
Yeah.
I read something in the paper a while back that this is walking along in our
lusteria's governor.
His answer to the seniors on the road was just,
to make the signs bigger so they can see him and make the lines in a road bigger.
There you go.
That's right.
In other words, we don't care what got danger.
And I'll turn another thing.
All these people that can't speak English that are out there driving around.
They can't read the traffic signs.
Yeah.
Let's just put them up there in 45 languages.
Sure, but he's afraid to lose a voter too, you know?
Yeah.
And then...
He makes me sick, man.
He makes me nauseous.
I know.
So what do you think about Dolphins less than a week?
I thought they played a pretty marginal game offensively.
Their defense played kick-ass football,
but their offense was very marginal.
And they should thank Mike Tomzack.
They should thank Dolphins for being injured.
That's your one out there.
That's right.
And they should kiss the ground if they won that game.
They, you know, I mean, the score, it would look like one thing,
but they didn't really play all that well.
They took 17 of the points on turnovers.
Yeah.
17 points on turnovers.
I got a kick out of coach Brains with them on the sideline.
He looked like he was looking out on the field, you know, bottom of the ninth,
waiting for a double play.
I don't think he's got a clue, man.
Did you see after Marino took that pop and they had to take him out of the game and put in Cossar?
Did you see he was sweating up a storm?
And he looked like he had just seen the ghost of Christmas past.
Good.
God.
I'm telling you.
We need JJ in there, bad.
There you go.
All right, enjoy.
Okay, pal, have a great day.
Two, open line in the green line, 1-800-944-9463.
Where are these meetings going on?
Does Mitch, we know where these, we don't know either, huh?
Clandestin is at some kind of a secret.
What bar are these big strategic meetings going on?
Yesterday and today and tomorrow again.
This company piees away more money in one month on Kaka, on meetings and crap and bureaucratic garbage
than most of you people ever see in your lifetime if you live to be 200.
That's the saddest part of it.
But God forbid if we ever need a new cart machine in here, if we need a piece of equipment that might work,
well, it's not in a budget, okay, we can't afford it.
In addition to which we're going to be moving in about three years.
So, you know, we're going to be moving next summer.
How can you look people in the face and tell them such a bald-faced goddamn lie?
The chances of us being in that building next summer are the same as the sisters coming in here
giving me a check for $2 billion in cash right now.
And, you know what I'm saying?
That's how much chance there is.
Everybody in a building knows it, but of course we want to go around and pretend.
So people feel better about having to drive into the sewer, this toilet of a pit that the station is located in right now.
Every goddamn day, back and forth driving, just fighting off the geeks in those little brown toyotas
in those little beat-up pieces of crap, with no license plate, with no goddamn tires,
with no brakes, with no headlights, with no tail lights, with no signals, with no driver.
I'm going to tell you something. We'd be ahead of the game if those cars were moving in there,
there was no driver. We'd still be better off.
Here's Hialia. Hello.
Hey, that's me. Hello, that's me, I guess.
That's you. Sounds just like you.
Uh-huh. First time call a long time list.
Okay.
Want to thank you for putting me on the atkins?
Great. Now we're starting to get a few of these bastards out of the woodwork.
Actually, no, I had factored a couple times earlier in the summer, but never heard anything back.
I know you must get a ton of those.
No, we're often, and now we don't get them at all. It's like our mail.
Well, I don't know about that part.
And like our phone messages, which we never get.
Anyhow, 35 pounds in eight weeks.
Oh! Well, that's fantastic.
And triglycerides would come down a good 20% cholesterol's come down the whole way.
I'm on it with a buddy. We're doing in the buddy system.
Yeah. You're doing your buddy?
No. Yeah.
But he's doing the diet as well.
Right.
Yeah, I just wanted to thank you for that.
Great. And I had another thing.
And you know something the most important part of these people we're hearing from last couple of days.
And the facts I had yesterday in my own experience.
Instead of all this all this gloom and doom about all the blood lipids are going to go away up
because you're eating all this meat and all this eggs and cheese.
And your cholesterol and triglycerides are going to go soaring and you're going to get sick.
Everybody's is coming down.
Yeah. It's coming down.
That's a lot of BS. They really don't know what they're talking about.
They haven't got a clue.
When they talked about what people were eating when they were coming up evolutionary,
they were eating meat and things like that.
That's right.
And for the most part, that's the way it is.
Another thing about the panther's training greens borough.
I have a buddy that lives up there.
Yeah.
None of the people up there have any idea that they're training in greens borough in the coliseum.
And it's a real nice facility up there.
So I tried to send them out there, but like they're not getting any press.
The only press I saw was the people trying to teach the number one draft they had to talk English.
And without much success.
Right.
They have that stupid grin on his face.
Yeah.
But with all that money, I guess it's the same thing.
Must be the money, baby.
Must be the money.
And last but not least, I heard you...
I know you don't like computers and all that kind of stuff.
No, I have a computer. It's not that I don't like them.
I just don't like these computer nerds.
They all look the same. They're all about 18, 19 years old.
They got the little silly, a wire-rimmed glasses on.
They look like nerds.
Their whole life is sitting there in front of that stupid screen.
Well, that's not my whole life.
But I saw today some kind of machine about WIOD having a home page on the web.
I don't know if you knew anything about it.
Yeah, that's one of Davey Gravy line's boyfriend.
So put all that stuff on there.
And hey, at least it's a little publicity.
It's more than we get from the management.
Oh, I didn't know if it was sponsored by the station.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, well, it's just someone...
That's doing a thing for us because he likes us.
Oh, okay.
You don't think this place would ever lift a finger.
We got, we're too busy with our promotions department
where we got a silly bitch in there running around a building telling everybody off.
That's her job.
Yeah, that's her job.
That's her job is telling everybody off.
And she's doing a great job of it.
Well, I just wanted to thank you very much for all your stuff.
Well, keep up the great work, pal.
And may I call someone to aid douchebag?
Yes.
Larger livener, you're a flame-and-douchebag.
Mostly flaming, okay.
Thank you, buddy.
See ya.
Bye.
Two open lines are both in Davey, 7519-463-751.
It's just amazing what's going on around this place.
But you know something, you can't avoid any veid forever.
You know what?
You just can't avoid the obvious confrontations forever.
And if I had some people working with me here who weren't such a bunch of damn pussy's like that Phil Henry.
I thought Rick Riley, you know something Rick Riley is growing a little pear.
Not big, but they're getting bigger every day.
Maybe since they took the gallbladder out, it'll relieve the pressure in the lower abdomen.
It'll leave room for like a little bigger pear.
But Phil Henry, as great as he is and believe me, there's no bigger fan in this building of Phil Henry than yours truly.
But this guy is a pussy.
Do you know how many spots this guy had on his show yesterday?
This guy had one endorsement spot in four hours.
One spot.
And I hear him saying, you know, making a joke out of it when he quits smoking and he's going to be in a salesman's pussy.
And I mean, you know, the bottom line is whether he needs the cash or not.
The fact is this is one of the great talents in radio in America.
And these people here don't even know his name.
Okay.
Plus the fact that they're screwing up on it too today.
All right, we're really an hour picking it up Phil.
You can come in Phil.
Are you positive?
We just checked, double checked.
Although I think one just got scratched.
But man, and now they're sticking that second spot in the headlines at the bottom of the yard.
It's getting to the point where Margaret ain't even going to be able to tell you she's from Bal Harbor anymore.
But hey, we're just here to move us beat him money.
We're the Deon Sanders of radio pal.
Just squeeze it in there.
Squeeze it out of us, man.
20 till noon at W.I.D.
Let's all put our hands together and give Jesus a hand.
Okay. He needs a hand.
He's kind of tied up at the moment.
We have an open line in day seven five one.
We got one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three.
Yeah. So that was Aaron Summers' girlfriend that called in before and was had the radio up in the back.
And couldn't have a conversation about anything.
Couldn't put like five coherent sentences together.
Nice going sweetheart. I hope you have it a great day, honey.
Coral Springs on a purple line. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, it's Mark. I'm actually working in Kendall, but I live in Coral Springs.
Uh huh. I just wanted to say, well, I was away.
Excuse me while you were away. I was also away.
I visited Key West for the first time with my wife for our 10 year anniversary and had a great time.
Really? Yeah. I'd like to just thank everyone in Key West.
They really made it. Like them for what?
They really showed us a very hospitable time.
They showed it to you. Well, not much. It was really nice. We had a great time.
Well, great. I'm happy for you.
Yeah. Um, secondly, I also voted today and I did vote yes for the school.
Any tax referendum?
Uh huh. Um, no comment.
What do you want me to comment? Are you already voted?
Okay. Um, I just hope you're easy. That's all I can tell you. You're easy.
Well, I have three kids and I hope it gets a mod of the portables and maybe we can get some real classrooms for.
Yeah, sure. Okay. Uh, I got news for you.
You know, I hate to break the news to all these people out there.
But if they think their kids are going to get a quality education anywhere in the state of Florida, I mean, good luck.
No, I, uh, that, I didn't say that. I said, I'd affordables and into a regular classroom.
Okay. Okay. Uh, third thing. I don't know if you followed the red socks that they're down to two games to win.
Two games to clinch. Yeah.
To clinch. Yeah. Okay. I just hope that.
And the angels, by the way, lost the game last night, Ford and nothing.
They couldn't beat a girl's little league team. And they couldn't hit their way out of a paper sack.
They're 10 and a half game lead in the middle of August is now two games.
Seattle is going to go past them like they're standing still. And I wouldn't be surprised.
They don't even make the wild card. Definitely.
This is one of the great choke jobs in the history of sports.
Red socks are giving them a run. But Seattle's going to catch California. That's for sure.
The red socks are going to give.
They're giving the angel a run for choking. They're, uh, they should have clinch.
Oh, no, you're a red socks. Don't worry about that.
All right. I hope the only thing you're going to have to worry is when they play the Indians.
Then you got to worry big time. Why do you think New England hasn't been able to get those touchdowns through the air to the air?
It's a hot of me. I got no idea except for the fact that other than Brisbane,
they got rid of all their good receivers from last year that just makes a little bit of a different.
Although he wasn't throwing the ball that well anyway.
He just, I don't know what the story is.
Maybe too much money for Drew. Maybe he injured himself signing that big contract.
He might injured his throwing arm. But, uh, I don't know what the story is.
Maybe it's that sophomore jinx. Maybe this is going to be the off year.
Next year he'll come back. Maybe, maybe it's got a fractured or fractured left shoulder.
You know, no, I know. Well, he's a tough guy.
I mean, separate separated left shoulder.
Next week is the buy for the Miami in New England.
So he's got a week off. They say he'll be back for the game after that.
But the good luck to him. They can't score. They got this.
That's the strangest part. Everybody assumed that their offense would be kickass like last year.
And the defense was their weak point.
Their defense is playing pretty damn good, especially against the 49ers.
And their offense is an impotent.
Definitely. First half they look great against 49ers. They really did.
Yeah, their defense was phenomenal.
And if they could have just stuck the ball in there a couple of times
would have been a totally different ball game.
I hate to say it, but I am a giant fan as well.
Well, boy, you need some serious help. Oh, man.
Florida state could beat him this year. I think.
This kid Dave Brown, I feel so sorry. He is so out of place.
And he's on such a crappy team. And it's just it's sad.
It's like watching, you know, this year I think more so than in any year.
In recent years, the disparity in league, they're supposed to be going for parity
with a salary cap, which is a joke.
Not happening, but, but you know, for example in the AFC,
is there any team in the AFC that could give the dolphins a run right now?
I don't think so. No, no, not even close.
No one. And there's only your only.
And in the NFC, you got Dallas and the San Francisco.
Is there anybody else close to them?
Not for against an NFC team. No, but AFC, you got a couple.
I think Minnesota played 49ers pretty well.
And they could probably handle the dolphins. It'd be a good game.
But Dallas and the 49ers blow everybody away.
Yeah. Blow everybody away.
Last thing, could I call someone a douchebag?
Yeah. All right. Hey, Zeus Hernandez is a cigar smoking, air conditioning, fix and douchebag.
Okay, pal. Thank you, buddy.
See ya. By the way, speaking of which I'm glad he reminded me, Jerry Jones.
And why this story is buried maybe because it came out kind of late yesterday.
But on a last page of the sports in the Sun Central, page 12c.
And they headed on, if you were watching the football game last night, they headed on repeatedly with Brent Mausberger.
But this guy named Jerry Jones, who's like the Georgetown Brenner of football.
I mean, where do these guys come from?
With their big money, who think that they're going to buy everything and they're going to do their own thing
and they're going to run their own rules.
This guy wasn't bad enough he gave the on Sanders all that money.
So he can sneak his way around the salary cap.
You know, this guy wants to make up his own rules as he goes along.
I think when they have that meeting, which they're having right now, as I understand, this morning with the owners,
I think there's going to be like shaking chandeliers in the room.
And it's going to be like in Godfather 3.
Remember that meeting they had with the heads of the five families?
I think Jerry Jones is going to get hit is what I think.
The NFL is suing him for $300 million.
The league, you know, they got this cooperative thing.
The owners finally got together many years ago.
They decided if the small market teams like Green Bay and Cincinnati, if they had a chance to make it, they had a share in the spoils.
They want to wet their beak a little bit like in a Godfather.
Let us, you know, share the water from the well.
But not Jerry Jones, the league's got to deal with Coke.
He makes a separate deal with Pepsi.
The league's got to deal with a re-bocker wherever it is.
He makes a separate deal with Nike.
The league's got to deal with Visa.
He's on the verge. He's going to make a deal with an American Express.
And this guy just thinks he's going to run his own goddamn league this son of a bitch.
I hope they tattoo his ass from here till the end of time.
And I really apologize. All you cowboy fans out there.
I mean, you're not there. Okay. They're not as good as you think they are. They're all right.
They're not as, that's not as watching a cowboy.
It's ain't like it used to be, man. When Tom Landry was there.
Oh, when Roger stopped back and then Danny White, those were the days when they really were America's team.
That was the excitement, man. On a Sunday afternoon in that four o'clock game, Pat Summerall and John Madden on CBS.
The Dallas Cowboys against the didn't make any difference. That was exciting.
Those were some great years.
But it's really said that you got to have a horse crap owner like Jerry Jones because, you know, they don't need Dion Sanders.
That's the best part. I don't care how many injuries they got.
They don't need Dion Sanders.
And even with Dion Sanders, if he ever decides he's going to be able to play after resurgery in his baseball,
there's still not going to be the 49ers. No matter what, it just ain't going to happen.
But these guys that come along. And like I said yesterday, if you had any doubts,
a lot of people had ambivalent feelings when the strikes were going on as the problem with the owners,
is it the players and the player union, the owners, nobody is holding a gun to their head
and making them pay all this money and do all these devious things to get around the salary cap.
They set up a process by which they were supposed to stop all of this,
having a rich bastard's buying up all the championships.
And now what do they do while they get around it by hook and by crook, mostly by crook.
Jerry Jones, you make me sick.
1147 at WIOD. Let me tell you about Lowjack. Again, the stolen recovery system
and share another amazing recovery report with you.
Kimberly is a travel professional from Florida.
Her recently bought a used 92-plimit Sundance, already equipped with Lowjack.
But guess what? Kimberly being a little on the stupid side. She didn't know there was one in there.
One evening after work, her heart almost stopped. It just started pitter-pattering.
And her heart too. She found her car had been taken from the parking lot beside the building where she works.
But Lowjack, the stolen vehicle recovery system, was protecting that car.
When Kimberly reported the theft to police, the Lowjack and her car was automatically activated,
sending out that usual Lowjack silent, but deadly and very effective signal.
Police followed the Sundance in their cruises, equipped with Lowjack tracking computers.
And she was thrilled at pieces, man. She got out her pocket rocket when they got that car back.
Let's face it, if professional thieves, if that gunoff wants to get your car,
he knows how to get it out of there. Okay, he's going to get away with it.
So the real answer, the real protection you need is quick recovery.
And when you buy Lowjack right now, they'll give you a free alarm system with your Lowjack system too.
So get the lowdown Lowjack from your new or used car dealer when you go out and buy a car.
Or if you think it's a pretty good idea to get it in the car you're driving right now,
which you most certainly is, call Elaine and she'll help straighten your ass out.
Call 1-800-53 Lowjack. 1-800-535-6522.
Oh yeah. Okay, 11-51 at WIOD. I like that a lot better.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay.
I'm a first time caller and I'd like to congratulate you on such a good show.
And I'd like to comment on that lady that called that told you you're obnoxious.
I'm a dumbass. That's right. I know I'd like to tell her that she's a stupid bitch that she is.
And I hope she's still listening. Oh, she is. She's sitting on her right now.
She's hopping on it. She's jumping up and down right in the car. She's hopping on the joystick.
She's a fake. She's a fake. She claims that she don't like it and she's really listening.
You know, anybody that calls a radio show and waits on hold for like 20 minutes, a half hour, 45 minutes
so they can get on and tell the host how stupid he is now they don't like the show.
That person is full of crap. Okay.
He's getting sexual arousal from the show. She even admitted that she enjoys in a perverse way.
She's loving it. Yeah, she sure is.
In fact, it's probably the only goddamn stimulation she gets. I wouldn't be surprised she's got that radio deep between her legs right now.
Oh, God. She's sitting on it. All right, Neil. Keep up the good work.
Okay, pal. All right. The day lines all open. All three dead.
Anybody speak English and date. Come on. You can do it. 751. Huh?
I'm going too fast. 751. Nueve. Quattro. Stace. Trace.
9463 751. W. I do you a little bit slow today. It's you know, the same old aggravation all over again.
We got a million different things going on. We got the Christian coalition running the country.
We got the goddamn FBI. Sue and Calvin Klein. We got FBI sharp shooters who just won't testify. They're taking the fifth amendment.
We got Mark Furman taking a fifth and we got the program director drinking a fifth.
That's what's going on and you people you just sit back there in your lethgy and we're going to go out there and vote.
That's right. We're going to vote and impose another sale penny sales tax on us because we know we're going to get those kids out of those portable classrooms.
Get them into a real building and still get the same crappy education that they've always been getting because this is Florida.
Florida, which by the way year after year, we're like number 46 or number 47 and spending for education.
Isn't that great? But the only state that we beat out every year is Louisiana where the dumbest people on the face of the earth.
Louisiana. That's where why do you think they call it Louisiana? How's by you, baby? Here's a bokeh. Hello?
Uncle Neil. Yes. Neil, I just want to tell you first of all, welcome back.
Oh, thanks. I think next to Dick Burton, you are the most incredible genius in radio today. Next to Dick Burton.
I'll have to tell him that next time he calls. What is he on the other line with you now? I was just up a Detroit last week and I was up there and I was thinking of myself as a pit.
But nothing compares to the toilet that is South Florida. Even Detroit? Even Detroit? Even Detroit.
The least up there, there's a sense of community with the crime. That's true. That's a good point.
We're trying to escape from this hellhole called Miami now. And the problem is where the hell do you go?
I don't want to be one of these old cronies that call you all the time saying, how great New York. I don't have a condo.
I'll tell you a great city, but nobody can afford to live there. That's Boston. You see, Massachusetts got the sales tax and the thumb tax and the city tax and they got more taxes than you can shake your thing.
Well, truly what we're thinking about is maybe Arizona, New Mexico. Oh, no. Arizona.
Hey, we're hours from Vegas. I mean, what can I tell you? Listen, I got to go. How about moving to Vegas?
We thought about that too. I've just. They got a real good education system. They got one of the best public education systems in America there.
If you got kids, thank God for us. We don't. Now here's my recommendation for the penny sales tax, which I know the idiots in Broward County are going to vote in today.
Let's build some little prison camps for these pseudo gang punks that are running around doing all the crimes whose name is will never get printed in any of our scumbag newspapers down here because of the stupid state laws that saved your underpants.
18. Yeah. You're a juvenile. I say if you're over the age of 12, you're no longer a juvenile and therefore your name should be published in the paper.
They should put in your picture. They should like smear you in front of everybody else out there and realize what a scumbag you are.
When somebody gets knife by somebody that's 13 or 14, some punk, they're just as dead or just as sick as they were if they got snifed by somebody 25.
Well, that's a ridiculous line. You're right. It's got to be taken off the book.
Yeah. Second thing in the slum Sentinel today again, this and Victoria more lady up in sunrise, taking this guy to court saying that he's a X husband when he's in fact not someone needs to shoot this bitch.
Yeah. That's all I got now. Can I tell you they're out there. She's been watching too many Danny Bonadoosh bag shows. I have a great life. And back to you. She probably was watching Jenny Jones when that fact came on here and well, I got shot.
Oh, my see what I'm telling you they can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy. They just the American public. They don't know they don't know it's on TV.
Therefore, when I'm watching it must be for real. There must be something. All these people decided to come on a year in front of 20 million people and air out their big personal arguments, their grievances.
They're coming out of the closet on the year. They're talking about their sleeping with this one's grandmother on the year. They're all doing it on the year. Right. We believe that. Of course, just like we believe.
Oh, Jay is innocent. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Yeah, pretty good. Yeah, I'm the jackass on the mobile phone that hung up about 20 minutes ago. But I got what you called back. You're almost you're almost redeeming yourself.
Well, I try to a about this penny sales action open Palm Beach County. We have these new schools that they're building rapidly that they say cost less than their faster to build, but the roost leak like a set. That nice.
I'd like to know who the designer wasn't who the people are who investigated the builders to make sure that they were going to build a quality school. I don't get it. I just don't understand it. I went to high school in a little town of 10,000 people.
Canondagua, New York at a school called canondagua academy. And that school is no longer this. You know, since then they've built a new high school, but. But it was you know a big red brick building like most schools that used to see. And it didn't the roof didn't leak.
And it was you know up there the weather in the winter time there was 85 feet of snow on the ground every day and the roof didn't cave in and it was a toasty warm in the winter time and it was cool in the summertime.
And there was no problem and that was 35 years ago that I graduated. So how come we can't do that today? Well money is not the answer that's for sure.
It's called know how it's called know how to do it in this state. Like I said before they don't know how they just can't do it.
The biggest problem might feel is the bureaucrats in private industry if they had a job and they were supposed to be held accountable for their position. They would lose their position. But once they get into your act right. That's it. There's no accountability.
There's no one in the right. You know you're writing a book writing on a blank check unless they go out there and pinch some broads ass in the office. They're there for the rest of their life.
That doesn't stop either. Yeah. Have a good day. Okay pal. Two open lines in date 751 let's speak at English now before it's too late baby. Let's speak a couple of words 7519463 and date. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Can I express my opinion? Can you express your opinion? Yes. Of course. About yourself. About me. Your finger on the dump button. What does that mean? I don't know. What do you mean is my finger on the dump? In other words you want to call on a show and take a shot at me and I'm going to sit here with you.
I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I
I'm I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say well that's fine but
don't say, probably, don't say I'm going to say down it, it's fine.
You've got a good start here.
A good start is a good start to do it
Oh
I think that explains it. Okay, I'm okay see ya puts
See finally we got a guide to level with us. Okay, there's a putz. I'm a putz
I'll be the first one to admit I'm a putz man
We put up with more crap in this place and I'm gonna say it again. I hope Phil is listing
I hope he's driving in right now man
I love you Phil. You're a great talent. You're one of the very best ever and I mean that one of the greatest but
You are such a pussy man. How can you be? I know it being in this business
It's not too, you know, easy to have any feeling of security because this business is like you know being a used car salesman
You're in your out. You're on your ass
But if we could just like band together here and get a little bit of goddamn support and put our feet out of these goddamn
Bastas. Hey, what the hell you doing? It was that would be a step in the right erection
Hey, newt we got your contract right? I just go get to the wrong WIOD by any fort Lauderdale
News talk and entertainer
610 WIOD
