I killed Nicole. I have no life. I killed Nicole. I don't give a shit anymore. All right. Let's have the jurors, please
I'm at the old J
I've been sequestered for so long
I'm at the old J
And it keeps going on and on
But now I tell you the truth. I think there's plenty of blue that shows you muddard
His ex-wife
I've listened every day
To test him only and other things
I used to watch him playing football games
But now that doesn't mean a thing
Now I'd love to go. I've been sequestered for so long
I feel like I'm the one in jail
He put gloves on
They didn't fit in quite right
I
He put them on
They look like they were too tight
Tight yeah, I'm at the old J trial
I've been sequestered for so long
I'm at the old J trial
It just keeps going on and on
But now I'll tell you the truth. I think there's plenty of blue that shows you muddard
His ex-wife just lick him. I think he muddard his ex-wife
He muddard his ex-wife
Okay, everybody's jumping off and down like Rumpel Stiltskin
This is D-Day nobody expected it this soon
So they got to capitalize on it. They got to milk it for all they can and the course in the days after
You know how many days that's the we ought to take up a office pool on it
How many days after today after they render the verdict or want to clock this afternoon
Can the media continue to milk this thing continue to bleed it squeeze it how long before we get the miniseries the screenplay the movie
The made for TV movie how many days before the jurors books get into print
I mean it's just the circus just never stops
And here it says in the paper this morning network stand to read big profits with TV coverage no crap huh
What a surprise just milking and milking oh there's Fred Goldman
He says they're gonna find him guilty
Can you imagine the scene in that courtroom when they read that verdict and want to clock this afternoon
Which you will hear right here of course
Can you imagine if they come through with a not guilty verdict what Fred Goldman is gonna do
There is gonna be a scene in that courtroom the Lexi which you have never seen the little judge is gonna be sitting there
Bang in his gavill having a nervous breakdown try to get the order in the courtroom
Which quite frankly hasn't since the beginning anyway and it's gonna be a mess
First of all there's a myth about this whole business. Okay. There's a real myth about the whole
OJ trial and whole the whole thing and that is that somehow OJ Simpson is
He's representative of black man in America who've been oppressed
OJ Simpson is a multi-millionaire. He's kind of like the Michael Jackson of football
Michael Jackson is some shade of black last time we checked maybe very light but still some shade of it
And somehow with all of his millions and billions of dollars
He's been able to escape the long armoured law. They maybe took a little peek here a little peek over there
But in the meantime his ass is still running around and to doing all these deals buying out Sony and the doing his fake thing with Lisa Marie
He's still running around on a loose because Michael Jackson is not what criminal justice with black men is all about in America
And either's OJ Simpson
OJ Simpson is a rich guy who lived in Brentwood who was loved by everybody the cops used to come to his house all the time
Use the goddamn pool table
But anyway, you know, and I'm watching the ballgame yesterday
And I'm flipping back and forth because I did see that they were back in court again for the reading of the Allen Park direct examination
Which the jury didn't want to hear the cross examination only the direct
And another desperate half inning goes by and Randy Johnson's struck it out every every angel that comes up to bat
And I flip back over again luckily just in time to see the little judges sitting there again
And I'm thinking to myself
What is he doing on here now? I know they're all through listing that to testimony having a red back
And I turn up the audio nice and loud and I hear him make the pronouncement that they've got a verdict
And he says right tomorrow one o'clock eastern time 10 a.m
Pacific right in the middle of the Neil Rogers show will be announcing the verdict on here
That's what the little jab judge said. I said all right judge nice going. He takes instructions well
I always like a little judge who takes direction, okay
So one o'clock we're gonna have it so immediately after that
I mean you'll look at oh Jane you look at Carl Douglas especially Carl Douglas look like he didn't know what his scream or each a key to banana
He was just what what do I do now because he's sitting there all alone because they're not expecting any verdict in three or four hours
So naturally Johnny Cochrane's out doing book signings and Shapiro's out at getting ready for your own kipper
Boy, can you imagine if this would have happened yesterday today this afternoon
They would have said oh no, we're not gonna have the verdict read on you
I'm kipper. You'll have to wait till Thursday then the media could really have milked this baby man
If the judge was only Jewish if he just would have had some common sense at a just dummy up for a day and we can really milk this
So in the meantime, you know, and then of course on the other side Chris Darden sat there just looking like a walking cubal
I mean like you know
I don't know what to do myself now and all the experts come on and they said well because ordinarily
99% of the time that it especially in a lengthy case
When the jury comes back real fast 99% of the time it means an acquittal
But in this particular case because the only testimony that seemed to be in debate the only thing and this is what Marcia said was the
Linchpin of the whole prosecution case was the
Limbo driver Alan Park his testimony and they come back and they listen to that and they say okay
We got it and then they want the verdict sheets and they come back in no time
I'll say okay, we got it wrap it up. We're going home. We got a meeting with our publisher at 230 tomorrow
And so we're gonna have it so that was the immediate response was okay
They got a guilty verdict you may not have expected this especially with nine blacks on a jury since it's been made into such a racial deal
But surprise he's gonna be found guilty
but in the hours that have ensued since then
As more rational and more calm minds have started thinking about the whole deal
It's very dubious. I just if they come in with a guilty verdict this afternoon
It will be one of the greatest miracles in the history not just of
Juris prudence and the history of the human race
So I find it very difficult to believe I would like to believe it because from very early on as the evidence mounted
I don't care how many calls he made on his cell phone
Uh in a Bronco because he sure not gonna call up his friends and say I killed a bitch. Okay. You got to help me out
He's not gonna say that
So what difference did it make what he said
But I just I just cannot believe that they're gonna come in with a guilty verdict
But I'm sure we'll find out from you everybody's got an opinion everybody's running around everybody's getting their work done this morning
Because they want to get off so they go home by one o'clock this afternoon
And the saddest part of the whole deal yesterday right off the bat as soon as they announced that they had a verdict
They were gonna bring it in today
They have all the shrinks on all the psychiatrist are on now. What are we gonna do about the withdrawal syndrome now for all these people
Have been involved in this for the last eight months. It's been their whole life
What a sad commentary on America today that this has become everybody this has become an excuse for a life for
Millions of people and I'm gonna ask you the question one more time
How is this verdict gonna change your life or mine?
And if you can answer me that question you got the $64 challenge baby and this one ain't even fixed how do you like that?
Stand in I would jump in front of a bullet from the cold
I don't give a sh** anymore
All right good morning ladies gentlemen just so there is no misunderstanding
Everybody be seated
Glade play the
Well wasting time if you're gonna keep doing that I'm gonna stop you right here now making this easy
I'm gonna go over council this whole line needs to be done in a different way and now here it is again
Because you know you're on earth in the same day. I'm gonna stop you right here
Everybody be seated boy, they runner. I think that I was your share
I'm gonna tell you for the fourth time. No sit down. This is much to do about nothing sit down. No, I'm serious
You know something you know this is very unfair sit down. That's very unfair. Sit down. Are you way they afraid of this clerk sit down?
Where he says?
Okay, 1017 at w.o.d
Howard Finkelstein by the way is norm can't with the ponytail okay? You notice how nobody has seen normal last couple of days
Here's a lady in store. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Okay. What do you think? What do you think? Um, I tell you I'm really enjoying
I've never really put your show on somebody very close to me to me to watch your
Tillisson's is in that grade okay there's a
All right a lady in store with a potty mouth. All right. It's a radio show sweet heart. I hate to break the news to you
You can't say the f-word you might think about it
You might want to say it like I would like to say it right now about 20 times to you honey
But get out of my life
Because you know what Chris Darden said. I don't give a sh-
Exactly
So there's a good start. Okay. I mean we got all the media here just sitting on pins and needles waiting to hear what you people have to say and there's the first loud mouth bitch from Stewart
She's got a potty mouth. Okay
20 years honey
Open line and Broward five two four nine four six three and the two green lines is invoked and palm beach
This isn't gonna change their life. This isn't gonna change their behavior. They're playing hard to get
1449 463
18944 w.i. Don't give a
Here's the lady in parine. Hello
Good morning. Yes ma'am
Let's see if you can top the last one. Pardon me. I say let's see if you can top the last one
That's not my intention. I just wanted to tell you that I worked as a courtroom clerk for 15 years in the federal system
Yeah, and it has been my experience that when the jury comes back this quickly. Yeah, it's conviction. It's guilty. Really? Yes
And I feel the same way this time
So in other words, you really believe this jury is gonna come back with a conviction. Yes, I do
Okay, all right. I hope you're right. Thanks. Bye
Open line of day 751 w.i.o.d. Let's do
North Miami on a Broward line. Hello. Oh, hi. Neil. Yes, sir
Oh, by the way, I didn't want to talk about but I think he's guilty to a bit of second-degree murder
I think that's what they're gonna find. What do you mean second-degree?
I want they have a choice between first and second-degree second-degree that rage of passion killing and I think that's what I just think
I think they're gonna find out. Well, how come he how come he had the knife then with that? Well, you know, I really don't know
And all the other well, just because he had it with him doesn't mean it's pre-medited
He could have just brought with him, but anyway, I think you just yeah, he just have it around
Yeah, like when kids go to school, you know when they're armed and they got their knife. They're switchblade and they're gun
I mean, they're not necessarily gonna use it. They have it just in case if they get pissed off that day
I let you never know. Okay, anyway, I think they're gonna go. Let me ask you this this Brent Gretzky that the leaps have
Yeah, is that Wayne Gretzky's brother? Yes, it is. Yeah
And number two did the devil's trade clawed Lemieux? No, they did not they had a big squabble with him about money and
He says that he's not gonna play there, but we'll see you know that always happened just like brood during a finally side to him
We'll see okay, thank you. Okay. We've got enough frogs running around. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Here's Coral Gables. Hello
Nea, how you doing? Okay, I'm 100% fine you man. I
Believe exactly what you're saying and you're 100% behind me. What what did I say that you know? I mean it's about time
This this the buckle is over. Yeah get back to real life
Right exactly. I don't care if he's guilty or not. I'm gonna go back and watch my soap
Very now you're talking go back to watch gays of our lives right? Oh my god, and now that you know
What's gonna happen to the young and a hung today which is probably gonna get pre-empted with the pre-game show? I bet the soap opera industry is
Glad think if I get the ratings back up. Yeah, there you go and one more thing. Yeah, how about the Mariners?
How about them? I love them. They're my favorite well, they're not my favorite team, but good luck to them. Okay, pal
You want to ask you one thing? Yeah, um
Why they're the AL West champions? Why are they the visiting team over to New York?
Who's the wild card? Well the way the whole thing is set up is crazy
It may be because the Yankees want up with a better record one game. I have no idea. I don't know
The whole the whole way the thing is with with the you know, this two and three business it's set up really bad
You know, just like the way the televising is set up this year if
Yankees were if it was the way it used to be Yankees would even be in here just be Seattle
Okay, pal have a nice life open line and date seven five
What like he says now I'm starting to disagree. I think OJ is more important than anything in the world
You know what based on him two open lines on the green lines bokeh west palm etc
18449 463 1022 at W I O D one o'clock baby. We're gonna be into it. We're gonna be on top of it
We're gonna be underneath it. We're all gonna be hanging out here all day long
After the verdict is in we're gonna analyze it. We're gonna what is there to say, you know
And I want you to keep in mind by the way
It's not like it used to be whether you stay up like a whole bunch of paperwork and the big song and a dance
Now the deal is if he gets off if they come in with an acquittal at five minutes after one o'clock
He can reach down there on that table top pickup is pencil his legal pad all of his goodies and walk out that door and get in the car and
Audio's right under freeway in fact the rumor has it that Al Collins is gonna pick him up
And they're gonna do it. They're gonna reenact the thing on a freeway. We'll find out what the first one was really all about
610 W I O D
Bulletproof and a damn good thing
Does the juice get loose or does he meet Bruce his new roommate for life who's on like a moose?
Okay, we'll find out one o'clock 1027 at W I D see that channel seven sponsored
They ran yesterday that got everybody crazy that we was Patrick Fraser that was totally irresponsible and the little premature
Evaluation see they just figure we'll keep running it every day and sooner or later it'll be right
It's like if I said hey today's December 23rd. I just keep saying that every day sooner or later it will be
Here's West Miami. Hello. Hey me. How you doing? Okay? Yeah, I got two things first and the happens died of lost 30 pounds and five inches off my
Great. All right. It is a very great diet. I'm glad
Um the second thing why isn't anybody talk about the blood that was missing when they drew OJ's blood
What do you mean why don't they talk about it? First of all, they don't know how much they drew in the first place
Well the guy first said 7.9 to 8.1
Yeah, but then he also said that the
Surrange that they looked at the back of an eating really see exactly how much it was
He wasn't paid any attention and quite frankly what difference doesn't make anyway. That's true
And another thing I guess the final thing is it's not gonna affect my life either way. Okay. All right, Neil
Okay, paly. Right. See, there's a guy who's honest
I mean, he's just an ordinary like schmo like the rest of us and he realizes this isn't gonna change you like
But the thing of it is all these housewives these millions of women out there
They thought they had a life when you were watching Oprah in the Sally and all these other shows
They thought that was a life, but then forget about that now they got OJ baby
This was a substitute life for millions and millions of people mostly women
Mostly housewives who sat on their fat ass getting fatter and sassy or in the house day after day watching this crap
Okay, this became their life they knew and I still say that piece on headline news over the weekend where they went out and they interviewed
These people at a shopping mall and they showed them pictures of Janet Reno and the vice president all these other people
I don't know. Oh, but here's Johnny Conquerie that's Johnny. Hey Johnny. There's the judge. There's the little jamps judge
They knew everybody with the OJ trial, but the goddamn president. I don't know. Here's Abe Lincoln. I don't know who that is got what a beard
Oh, look at look at the look at Carl Douglas
They're showing that thing yesterday where they what a judge says the jury's got a verdict and Carl Douglas
Didn't know whether to eat the whole goddamn banana plantation
Look at that. He says oh my god. How the hell can they have left me here for this
So let me ask you how many PMs you think OJ did overnight, huh
Here's Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Jay's guilty OJ's a douchebag and to all those liberal bleeding hearts who can't believe that the jury can
convict them after only three hours
They should wake up and smell the coffee go to court because they convict people unless it charges and
Unless it charges you like speeding
Exactly and you know what we should call up Betty Ferguson and proclaim today OJ Simpson day. Okay. Have a nice day
All right, let's start building the arena right now case screw buddy
You first open line on a purple line pound iod if you have AT&T wireless or whatever the hell are calling it these days
Here's dear field beach hello. How you doing? You okay? He's as guilty as sin if they come back with a
Not guilty verdict. It'll be the biggest bigest miscarriage justice that's ever going down
If this was Hollywood and it's close to it the what would happen will be like a young and a horny sort of thing
He comes in not guilty Fred Goldman pulls a gun out shoots him dead on the scene
They get the not guilty like they want a Fred go Fred Goldman gets justice the days named after him
He goes to trial star in Thursday because they can't they can't start the trial when young kippur
Yeah, and a year from right now Fred Goldman will be not guilty too
How do you think of that and martian Clark will be the prosecutor
Yeah, have a good day pal. Thanks good scenario. Okay
We got to keep the soap opera going right hey, it's possible
I mean there are a lot of people who have been saying that if he gets off Fred Goldman's gonna off him like very very soon
Like right on his way out the courthouse he might chase that bronco right down a freeway that could be the next the freeway chase
It's Fred Goldman chasing after the bronco with about the four oozes in the car
And uh, you know everybody will be out there rooting come on go oh jay go Fred and of course
Don't do it on your mkippur though for that would be bad
So let's get the thing over with early before sundown
Here's a lady in for the outerdale hello
Hi Neil. How you doing great?
Well, I have no idea you know because I figure they could have gone in three to suppose to either way
But I just I have a funny story
My mother's in china. She's over there for a year. Yeah, I talked to her this morning
And I haven't heard anything on the news about the huge monsoon that just went through Hong Kong
But I mean you're in your nitpicking now don't you understand sweetheart those are things that are trivial compared to oh jay
I mean we've got the Nazis are taking away our rights. They're taking away a medicare and Medicaid and welfare
They're taking away everything. They're they're turning this into a fascist state
But nobody is concerned about that. They're concerned about oh jay
But no, no, no over there is my point. She's like well. I'll be listening to the news
I'll be watching the news at one o'clock in the morning
Right what happens and got for bed that he you know gets off. Yeah, thanks to CNN international now
We've polluted the brains of people all around the globe now. We've got we've the cycle is complete exactly
All right, that's it. Good luck take it easy. See you open line on the purple line pound iod two hours and 38 minutes away
But who's counting? Okay, two hours and 38 minutes. We're gonna be in let's make sure that the uh
There it is see they're playing little ping pong back in the judges chambers warming it up getting it ready
Baby so you don't have to panic will be on top of it like a blanket
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Was that Scott shaping on the spot? Yeah
Does he work in the building? Scott Chapin isn't there's in Detroit
Detroit Scott Chapin does production for TV stations all over the country with that same phony gravely voice
Channel seven news, you know that's got Chapin. He's a douchebag
Right, okay best call of the day
Open line at day 751 wad highly overrated in spite of what George says. I can't stand at phony gravely
When did I ever defend him? Oh, you think shot Scott Chapin is great. When did I ever say that?
Or is it Adam that he's great? He blows, okay
He's pathetic and by the way, he also is on channel seven up in Boston
Which is owned by the same douchebag at Anson from next door and like I told you before
They're also like on a verge of that hysterical news
But like a couple of steps back because the people in Boston got an IQ bigger than their penis size
Which is more than I can say for the people down here, okay?
So the people up there would never put up with hysterical news all day
Just like short of it. Here's Pompano. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. How are we gonna get rid of these pesky buffalo?
No
Okay, where we going next to you know save your football for a rainy day, okay?
Will you please the pesky buffalo bills who win the you know they give him 85 chances and he finally kicks the feel goal against
Vinnie testy birdie, okay? Forget about those people. Let's get to the important stuff
It's oh Jay baby. There is no football without the juice suit him up. He's playing for the goddamn dolphins next week him and Benny blades
That's right
Here's homestead. Hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir
I had no one's going on low these football players. I mean it seems like the Miami dolphins have the the biggest squad of
convex, right? Yeah
The thug squad
Yeah, he's your mr. Before OJ Simpson out within East Brain for the rest of his game. He couldn't even play on Sunday
Yeah, bad knees. I think Johnny's Cochrane was right. They put football in the Olympics. He's got to start on the little dream team
I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing. Oh this guy might be going to boys. He hang on pal
We'd like to send him there line to take him real quick. Okay, and register him for the tragic trip
We're doing that in the middle of this get serious. Here is the hope sound. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
You think is a possibility that the judge delayed the
the verdict
Announcement because he's worried about LA and the possibility of riot of course
Get the police time. Of course. He while you the excuse he gave was because they're you know only the flunky attorneys were there
But the you know part of it was it was three and he afternoon LA time
It was getting like the you know toward the end of the afternoon and I don't think at any point
He's wanted to do it either on a weekend or late in the day when it was getting close to sundown when they could have some riots
You think there's the possibility that that happening of what happening the riot of course there's always that possibility
Especially in LA. Yeah
They live to riot
Thanks Neil. Okay, and see in a riot in a king case where they had an all-white jury or in the Arthur McDuffy case down here
Yeah, there was a reason for people to be very very upset in the screaming
Y'all not to write and burn down their own neighborhood which never solves anything or to go kill kill innocent bystanders like they did here
But nevertheless there was a reason for people to really be pissed off
But anybody says now that this man didn't get justice regardless of the verdict
I mean this guy spent four or five million dollars or more
Had the greatest criminal defense attorneys that money can buy
And like I said he's not you're like a discriminated against brother
He's got nothing to do with discrimination against blacks in America
I don't care how much of a racist mark for him and his or any other guy damn cop oh jay simpson ain't the target
And if people are too blinded by their own racial psychosis to see that then I feel sorry for us for all of us
The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on w i o b
You're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors all w i o d programs are copyright 1995 by w i o d incorporated
No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of w i o d
Incorporated kill the cold
To break would it night with love in his bag
His evidence back
Wants at the brumco but then's the window to leave a drop some
Usage on my door
All the same mark for him
Where did that work come from
All the same mark for him and he dropped the bloody clothes
Since the next day so back from a burger in fries and rest to rot near
Of jay is not being dropping socks near the bed
Planting some hair
It's a beautiful thing ten forty at w i d we have one open line to green line one eight hundred
You know the rest here's derral hello male yes sir a couple of things okay i was just watching
Our good friend's us in lichement now and fox eleven years from right
First of all guilty
Fra him no matter what happens and i do think that so in other words even if they come in with a not guilty verdict fri
Anyway oh why not okay you know second thing
Uh my friend eddy eddy finally butched up he got back on the diet yeah
To you pulled his ear so to speak on the radio yeah he's back on it he loved it and he got
Polidizes profusely
And uh third of all highly highly responsible what channel something was doing yesterday with this
Vertic because then we've not even knowing it yeah
Just asked the people on the switchboard up front oh god
I bet you we probably had two people croak of coronaries in town just here in Patrick phrases
There's a verdict to neo-general
Of course he wasn't that far off maybe he's maybe needs a physical recycle my god
And yesterday they were doing a couple of uh you know report there about a
I'm on talk radio they didn't that didn't show you guys i figured you know they will show you since you're right next to each other
They were doing reports about a m radio what uh people calling in boys in their opinion so they showed
Uh seven something and the other nine something station
Yeah, oh they hit us like poor you know it's a familiar any breeds contempt when we move away the lecars better
Yeah, have a great day pal. Thank you. See you open line and day seven five one W.I.O.D. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hey good morning
I'm sure okay. I gotta tell you something that hasn't come up yet
Let's say they final Jay not guilty
You think Gilgur City is gonna take LA County and the prosecutors and go look for supposedly the real killer. No
That'll make him look like really you know like crap after he's a very proud you know prosecuted
OJ for over two years or over a year yeah, so he's not gonna do that so what
Well what do you mean look for the real killer? Well what evidence did they got leading him to anybody else?
Well well
Who else who else would have had a motive nothing was stolen no no i agree with you
I'm just saying let's say they find him not guilty right supposedly that are they gonna they can't re re try him
Exactly
No, no because they believe that he's guilty
And just because they can't get a conviction does mean that they're gonna waste a lot of time starting to look for somebody else
They're gonna give Fred Goldman and oozzi and say okay. Let's take care of the problem. He'll solve the a whole deal
Okay, that's what I was thinking. Not that we believe in vigilante justice
But there's always exceptions. They're the ruling like Florida. There you go Fred baby
Florida's not far enough for OJ to run. Let's put it that way. I mean Fred's already in trouble
I believe already given him 20 years for overacting so
Couple of bullets. Yeah, he's right in the head. What's wrong with that same list request? Yes, sir. Oh, Jay's gonna get you
Okay, thanks
Open line of power five two four nine four six three five two four W I O D
See there are two well there's a whole bunch of different things here
But number one whether you believe he's guilty or innocent number two is whether you think the prosecution really did a good case
A good job of presenting the case and convincing the jury that he's guilty
And I got to be very honest with you
I have a lot of problems with the way they presented the evidence and what some of the people they didn't call with the thing about the Bronco chase
I don't care how many people he called and said he was being framed the fact is if you believe you got a strong case
And he's fleeing under these dubious circumstances
There's something really rotten don't meet the eye in addition to which the black bag there at his buddy's house
Had a lawyer's house there. They're all of these different things man. It just really they didn't do a good job
To a lot which makes it very very very difficult almost impossible for me to believe that this jury of nine blacks and three whites one or two
What is it two Hispanics or one one one Hispanic and two anglos pardon that expression that they in three and a half to four hours
That they said oh yeah, they did a really great job. We believe Marsha. We believe Chris and there's no doubt in our mind whatsoever
And yeah Mark Furman's a bad guy, but that's it. I just I mean you know maybe but I think they did a really mediocre job
And presenting the case what do I know here's Delray on a purple line hello
Yeah, it used to be such a nice boy
Let's go to a bokeh hello
a Neil yes
Did you see the woman the s'more that Harry Smith was interviewing on CBS morning news no the court observer
She was saying that when the jury came in yesterday with their
I did see they were put their eyes were downcast
We didn't look at OJ. He said there was she said there was only one woman on a jury that looked over there and she gave him kind of a
Full or in look of course that's men interpretation on her part
But she wasn't looking over there nodding and given a high fives and stuff like that right that doesn't to me
That doesn't look too good for OJ, but yeah, but I mean really you know people are see because we don't know see
This is the thing we're very upset because we don't know we got a way to one o'clock no matter what and so people are trying to read things
Into whatever happened or didn't happen and of course we all have a tendency to read those things into based on what we're hoping for
Well, that's correct. That's correct
Uh, the reason why I called though the most important thing going on right now. Yeah
Is the red socks Indians game gonna be televised?
Oh, I don't know they got a thing here. I if you you need a god damn you do need your rocket
They got a thing here in a paper today about this game is gonna be on here and that game's gonna be on here
Of course when you got two satellites issues. Yeah, pretty good confidence. You'll be able to pick them all up
Yeah, it's on rate our good close personal friend Rachel Alexander writes it here in the paper about the now which game is he you're looking for the red socks and Indians no
It's not gonna be on regular TV satellite should be I'll pick it up though. Right
Okay, Nesson or whatever the
Station is the team of the best record in baseball who wants to see that oh, of course, right on our game winner
This is you know, and then the one good news is that for next season if anybody still cares by that time
They're not gonna do it this way
They'll stagger the times like they used to instead having conflicting and regional telecast for playoff games
Which is an embarrassment and a slap and a push well that would only make too much sense right
Well, Neil you have a great day and back to you
Thanks to ABC and NBC for taking over baseball and screwing it up and everything else that they did okay
And then walking away saying hey, we don't want no more of this because nobody cares
Randy Johnson I got to give him credit man
I watched that game yesterday pulling for my angels and you know
Randy Johnson's invincible. He's unbeatable. He's unhittable. He's untouchable
He's unbeatable and it was still a hell of a game in spite of that
Langston did himself proud until everything came unglued in that seventh inning bad fielding bad bounces
Whatever you want to call it, but hey wait till next year right okay
So anyway, we have two open lines are both on the green lines there in bokeh and west palm and Delray and Jupiter and Uranus
Which oh j is gonna be moving up there if he gets off so look out now
1-800-944-946-3. Do you see Bailey on the news yesterday? Oh, yeah, he's so confident
He's looking for that house in Palm Beach. He's out there looking for a house. I wonder if Kato is gonna be moving in with him, huh?
You know that shiny blonde hair. It's an easy target Fred almost like clockwork the hurricane season quiet
Down and people start doing crazy things on land
Crossway they've callers the Kentucky fried killer good morning at 802. I'm Jackie Bale
He's talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D
Sharks and the key sharks in Congress and a wake up call to Fidel what happens next
Will tell you the best news news talk an entertainment radio 610 W I O D
Just lick him
I've gone down the street and I took out my flashlight
And I suspected something funny when I saw spotted blood
Then I jumped over the wall and an octon Kato's dog
He told me that some thumbs he heard so I looked around some more
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody glove
A bloody glove
Botted it in Tukato
A bloody glove
Next thing we knew OJ went on a low speed run for a ride
Now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double on the side
And I believe it's first degree motories guilty of
It's because
Oh
A bloody
Now, wait, what are you talking about? This is the important stuff
We're catering lunch on the day of OJ's verdict and you give me a song of dance with the Jeff I tell him
Their delivery person is an entity and so is it fine
Tell him to butt out of our life and get out of my face and go sell something and stop worrying about food all the time
Okay, tell that fat slub to get out of my life
Well, Carol take care of us today because I'm not going to the dentist because they've asked me to stick around with
Filters after no number are gonna sit around and hold hands and then we can all ring our hands and ring our thing
And by the way speaking of ringing your thing wait until you see what I got here Brad Pitt God
Jennifer Rem comes in and slips this to me this morning
The pictures that is
from
The internet
Which are a little on the fuzzy side needless to say but it's Brad Pitt in about
About a half a dozen different poses here neck it is a jaybird including one frontal shot there
And let me tell you right now no big deal okay
No, but if this picture is what got the ladies in the newsroom really psychotic and hysterical then Andy says just wait until you see this
Anybody got good eyesight here's Kendall hello
Deal yes, sir. Oh man great talking to you. I've been here for a year now. The first time I ever come listening since
Okay, listen when I get on from work, you can't help but to be bombarded by the
OJ thing it's on the news everywhere
Yeah, you can't get away with or you know away with it or from it
What I can get away with it
What I honestly believe though is last night on channel seven when they had that marjorie and the one guy said
I believe that he's a not guilty guilty man. I honestly believe that
I think that the detectives knew that he did it they felt that
He was gonna get away with it because of the fact what wait a minute how did the detectives know that he didn't well
How do they know but I think that it was when they left and then they came back
Maybe they discussed that they talked about it. They said hey, you know here's a chance to get this case on
Let's go ahead and get the LA reputation the police department's reputation back online with the American people
Um, first of all they had no idea where he was
But everything they ended up at his house anyway, but they had no idea where he was
They didn't know until much much later that he was in Chicago doing at the Hertz commercial. They had no idea where he was
Oh
They also had no idea who we did it
They had no idea whose blood was there at the crime scene
I mean they they pointed this out yesterday that if if if a police officer in Los Angeles is convicted of planning evidence
Especially in a capital crime like this they go up the river for life. That's a life sentence
Now do you think that even Mark Furman Furman the German you think that even he was was so anxious to frame this guy because he was black
OJ Simpson was hardly like your street corner like a Rodney King, okay or a Don King even
That's true. You do have a point
But honestly, I think I think he did it and he's gonna get off either way because what's gonna happen is
Uh, it's quite of the fact that the jury's been sequestered for so long
I'm sure they've gotten information from relatives and from different sources
Sure, and I'm sure they know what kind of impact there
There's there verdict is gonna have yeah, but see but knowing but knowing that upfront what impact their verdict is gonna
Have it how many months they spent on this I just it's still mind boggling to me to think that they really believe they've done justice to all of this
And they've really digested an examined and discussed even if there wasn't disagreement that they really discussed all of this evidence
In three and a half to four hours. No, I think they've discussed it throughout the whole year
I think they didn't you I don't care how they say they've been sequestered or or been or done this or done that
There's somehow they've gotten information and somehow they've talked about yeah, but you'll never prove that because that would that would be grounds for
Never prove it. You'll never prove it
But what I'm saying is he's gonna get off the man is gonna want you to get it and it's a shame
It really it and I think it's gonna be an excuse for for a lot of
Groups of people in LA maybe to go back out and destroy their communities and do all that he gets off
If he get no if he if he if he's convicted. Yeah, so I think that that you know that plays a part in all that their decisions
And things and I think they're gonna come out okay
So in other words like Johnny Cochrane said let's get even and let's make this into a racial thing and forget there's two dead people and that's it
Okay, thanks for the good news. We have an open line and date 751 W.I.O.D the two green lines one thing about you people in Palm Beach man
It makes no difference
This is the most monumental thing since god damn slice bread since the Canadians invented smarties
And you people are out there like brain dead up in Palm Beach 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3
America wants to know man. We're wired in from coast to coast from pillar to post all over the world
They're listening to your goddamn opinions out there in a first woman from Stewart comes up and blurt the effort out there
On here what does that tell you okay? And there's that very check and there's Johnny again with that silly stocking cap on who's been talking to them for like two and a half hours
puts on a stocking cap and says who am I
Like Admiral Stockdale who am I a jackass with a stocking cap on Johnny
He'd not and then how do you like that Lewis Farrakhan? Isn't he one of our favorite people?
See, let me just give a little piece of advice to some of you black folks out there
I realize even you know no matter who you are in this country
It's hard to find leaders. I mean Bubba's hardly that my kind of idea of a leader for anybody much less white people or green people
But these guys like Lewis Farrakhan and Jesse Jackson who are just shot to stirbers you know and running around in high me town and
You know throwing every kind of a slur that they know about who the hell needs them
Besides Mark Furman maybe maybe the two of them could get together
Here's the sunrise hello hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on?
Can we do for you sir? Hey, did you watch the bills game last night? No
Well, tell you something to back. Yeah, okay
Open line and Broward 5241 on a green line 1 800 944 9463 here's Coral Gables. Hello. Hey good morning. How are you today? Okay?
I think I almost paid my pants last night. Yeah
This whole time at the stupid OJ house, they're not scored. Yeah, they keep showing make Howard Finkel finds one of his
Space and they make him look like conservative person. Oh, then you saw his ponytail when I was
Yeah, I told you Howard Finkelstein is norm can't with a pony tail
He is
Channel seven trying to make him look like he's a conservative Republican and then they show
Conservative Republican and they show him as a hippie right but what difference does it make what what is politics?
Sir, I don't understand that well, I'm true, but I'm you know channel seven is yeah, I do do with like big centers. Yeah
And we have a nice day. We have an open line and date seven five one one and Broward five two four
Getting some very thoughtful people here today in the W. I. O. D. audience
You see when you keep catering to these simple to mine out there to the silliness of the
Element in the community and then you have something serious come up and you think you're gonna get some real intelligent input here
Forget it. Okay. I just wanted to mention that in passing. It's not frustration. It's just an observation on my part. Okay
I just mention that in passing. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, you know, yes, Neil explain something to me. How does major league baseball schedule?
For game. Let's go to the
See don't put her on okay. I love her happy you know, I'm kipper and all that but let's let's talk to some people
They were trying to do a show. There's a big event coming up here and we're dealing with this like this was chopped liver Delray Beach hello
On a purple line hello
Gone okay. Let's go to Miami Beach on the Broward line. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. Got two questions for you
When do you think judge it? Oh is gonna do the sentencing and also it's actually not a question but it's an issue
The defense product that they have a tape recording of the cellular phones. Yeah, it's impossible for them to record that because
If the cell your phone works on radio frequency, you know the frequency jumps from power to power so you know that that's cool
You okay and just the sentencing what do you think judge it all will do the sentencing when yeah
Immediately, I mean, they're gonna fry him immediately or what?
Sentencing if convicted judge Edo will schedule a sentencing hearing probably within 30 days at the hearing testimony from the victim's families is allowed
The defense is allowed to argue for leniency the judge has discretion to determine whether the sentences run concurrently or consecutively
Oh, so within 30 days. Okay. One more thing. Yeah. Hi Michelle and Kendall. Bye. Okay. Two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three five two four
W-I-O-D here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You know one thing we got to remember
That the jury there what they seen is a lot different from what we seen. Yeah, you know, I mean with they didn't see all the hype
They didn't see the Bronco chase over and over in here firm and tapes over and over
I think he's they're gonna find him guilty because he's
What they seen is a lot different from what we see
I think it might be easier than we think than the fine him guilty and they may look at Cochrane and look at him away
We look at him like a jerk. Yeah, and I think I wasn't surprised when they came back so early
Okay
Hello, okay. I'm here. What do you think? I think there's always one. Thank you
There's always one guy who's not surprised everybody else was surprised
He wasn't surprised because to him it's cut and dried like the throats
President Clinton was brief this morning on security preparations in case diverted in the OJ Simpson murder
Trial spawns violence White House press secretary Mike McCurray said Clinton was given an update on discussions by federal officials
With state and local authorities on security measures in LA
It makes good sense for us to be in contact with state and local officials
That's what we're doing with her he said he said White House chief of staff Leon
Penetigate Clinton update on the discussions that have occurred between
Federal officials largely at the justice department and state and local officials
They also showed him a picture of Janorino and he said is that Rose a Lopez?
The foremost for letter word
16 W I O D Miami Ford Lauderdale
This is the Neal Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions ladies and gentlemen
Please welcome the two newest New York Yankees
Darrell strawberry and docked good in
And the personal coach
Steve how
How
That's what I'd like to know
The Twannie snort and a ball and he's given good and plenty they lick the Twannie dollar bill
Their teeth are grinding like a peppermill
Go in a ball
Out the hole and pills
Jesus
Steve how is in the bullpen his nostrils are white open. He's so f***** up beating. She's on the braves
He gets advice from dock and docked prescribed some rock
So first he blew a line and then he blew the safe snort and a ball
He abused the magic powder snort and a ball
Sprinkle it on that clam chowder prescriptions got perpetual refill
They do it in the pool if they had gills
Doin' eight balls
Out the hole and pills
All that money all dead
Boles
Out the hole and pills
I'd like a welcome you all aboard
Is your manager
High block
Go Mariners baby
1107 at W-W-I-D
Less than two hours away and counting and you can just imagine the scurring around and the shuffling and the
Carrying on it's going on out there right now
Not just here all over the country man all over this country maybe in other parts of the world
Although I'll be honest with you. I haven't noticed that much interest in Europe
But I guess for this maybe they're the smart ones. Okay. They just kind of sit back and ignore and they decide
Okay, when you're gonna give us a verdict then we'll pay attention and we'll discuss it for five minutes and we'll go on with our lives
But not here man here. It's like a hobby. It's an occupation. It's a fascination more, but is it maybe?
And so at one o'clock this afternoon man will be on top of it. We'll be all over it
We'll be underneath it. We'll be shoving it at you and then of course after it's over after they give the verdict
We'll be dissecting it. We'll be examining it. We'll be bitching about it. No matter what the hell it is
Okay, because we're gonna milk it for everything we can and if you want to buy a spot between now and 130 it'll cost you $10 million
Okay
We have an open line and Broward five two four nine four six three
Here's the facts. It says if OJ is found not guilty then Mickey Erison will have a frog jump out of his ass. Oh, here's Mickey over here
Look what just popped out
Okay, let's take these calls because they're all very serious and very important. Here's Boka. Hello
It's Neil. You're the best. Yes, I am. Hey, how you doing? Great
First off, I want to say you are a hundred percent correct this whole country is completely obsessed and everybody's on pins and needles and
Nobody who's not gonna pay attention even the ones that say they are and not one person has been able to give me an intelligent answer to my question
Which I've asked for weeks now. How is this gonna change anybody's life other than theirs out there?
The only lives unfortunately a change were the two victims right? It's not gonna change any of our lives
But everybody got sucked into it and now we just have to
Hang on, but here I want to tell you about what I did. It's even bigger than Windows 95
That's right listen to this. I was that I'm a handyman working at this
Boka Tika country club right with all these old Alta cockers
And they're all out at the pool the other day and I come up
This was just a few days ago and I yell off the balcony. I said oh my god
I said oh Jay committed suicide because I think he thought they were gonna make him guilty
They all jumped out of the pool and all day lounge and they all ran up into the condos and we're turning on CNN
All right
And especially the ones that said they weren't following it
Yeah, of course, so anyway nobody's paying any attention. I believe like my mother
My mother has got that CNN on right now. She's warming up the tubes on that said
She's got it on so loud you can hear it for a hundred blocks around I guarantee you
I believe second-degree murder and only because they came back so fast and they only wanted to hear Alan Park's testimony
Which was he was coming in by himself and he lied as soon as he got there and said I
Was asleep and we all know he was it McDonald's, okay, so
They said he was out there chipping golf balls while he was sleeping. Oh, yeah
He's got more guy damn alibis than Carter's got pills
And I still would like to know from Johnny Cochrane and all these dream team people
Who was that person running across the lawn running no less into a dark house
Knowing the security code to get into the house no alarm goes off and all of a sudden the lights go on
That's my point
I mean if you were inside wouldn't you go outside in the dark wouldn't you fumble around in a completely dark
House go outside to get your cell phones who could make a phone call even though you got all the phones in the house
And then run back in and then turn lights on that's right as much as much as everybody paints us to be a racial issue
I think the
12 jurors are as smart as we are and they just went in there and they said who thinks he's guilty and they all raise their hand
They said let's pack and let's get the hell out of here. Okay, take care and you'll see you
Okay, we have an open line on the green line one eight hundred nine four four. It's getting close now
Baby the tension is building you could cut it with a goddamn machete
Remember way I bet you're almost everybody is forgotten some of the first witnesses
Where the guys from the gun and knife shop remember those guys to a Jeff Clarks buddies
I think and they had the guy in there with the that sold him the knife and then of course found out that he was selling
The story to the inquire or whatever was and got 10 grand that was like way way way back in a beginning. Who now?
remembers that
Here's for a lot of it and then of course the glove in the envelope or the the knife in the envelope which
Well, what was it it was a knife in a envelope
Here's for a lot of day on the purple line. Hello. Good afternoon. Neil. Good morning. Rather back to you
Yes, how this is going to affect our lives. Yes
This we all realize now that the media is a bunch of turts and
Which is constantly getting bombarding bombarding bombarded. I say guilty get rid of the guy in that sip
But you're right. You're gonna come back with a murder and second degree. I think
I didn't say that
That's no that's what the line I did not the last guy said that what are you saying Neil? I said for it
I said they're gonna come back not guilty. Oh my goodness. Neil. No. I'm hoping I'm wrong
But I can't see this jury coming back in three or four hours with a conviction
Well, if yeah the the ending statements of
of Chris Darden said they yeah responsibility to
To show
The guilt are not guilty and I think that the
Mostly black jurors are gonna come up with a guilty verdict because
Of the racial issue because it's in your face all the time and I think they're gonna make a stand on that
Okay, but one issue one other quick. Yeah, I know you don't like politics
But with the gridlock in congress and everything is going on. What do you think of Colin Powell?
I think he's a piece of crap is what I think of him. Okay. I think he's totally unqualified in you
You know, you started out to call by talking about the media shoving stuff down your throat
You better close your mouth real tight, baby because never in history even Ross Piro has been anybody
Been so enchanted with a guy who's totally unqualified is Colin Powell the media is like coordinating this son of a bitch
Send him back to the guy damn Persian Gulf pal
Okay, Colin Powell my ass
You talk of America
250 million Americans will suffer from immediate colon disease if this man is elected president
Which at last time we checked the ain't running but he's you know protesting too much
Open line on a purple line if you got AT&T wireless picked that baby up and pounded
Where's that spot that the Stephanie was gonna bring rushing up the stairs to replace the one
So we'll do the next one. Yes, we will
W I O D getting irritated yet
I'm gonna start on this theme and I'm gonna wrap it all year long
All right, that's to Kaylyn. You were standing it from the house. Yes the host. Yes, we're standing from the house
Yes in the house. Yes, and then you drove through the McDonald's was I correct? Yes
All right, when you got the McDonald's in the drive through line. What did you order? Um, oh Jay
No, no, I don't ask you who you were with I'm asking you what you ordered. Oh Jay. No, no, no
I'm not asking you who you were with in the time with for Kaylyn. I'm asking you what you ordered at the McDonald's
It was oh Jay look you went to the McDonald's right right you went to your order something right right what is your order? Oh Jay
That's Kato and Bailey coming this fall to television
Okay, 1117 at W I O D and the life goes on we got an hour and 40
Three minutes to go an hour and 43 before the little hand hits the big hand in America goes bananas
And all these women go into withdrawal and all these shrinks start making a big money
Where the hell is Roger Kasek and Greta von Brown today for crying out loud. I'm just saving them for the big show
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Okay, put those assholes back on hold. They're poaching with my life. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. I know
Yes, I am just sitting gives us a tattoo
Aren't the Buffalo bills the most luckiest team of football. Okay, let's go to a for Lauderdale. Hello
Okay, put them back on hold. Let's keep going back there every second. Here's a for Lauderdale again. Hello
Oh, me. Yes. How can Johnny cock claim to be so incensed that from an adjerman hates black people and then have his body guarded by black people who hate white people
Oh, he says that that's just a coincidence that it's got nothing to do with anything
He's not sending out any particular message. That's what he says
And he keeps winking while he says it
And uh, let me let me tell you if they doing double that uh innocent deal
By the way, he does love Israel and he's been there and he's been in the Kaboots in the a kiss goal the mayor on the cheek and etc
Yeah, I want that split screen so that I want to see Fred Goldman get up and start kicking some butt
Okay, he's gonna be pissed. Okay, Sony XPR. That's what I recommend
Openline two of them and Broward all of a sudden if you move real quickly man
You can be a piece of Americana today five two four nine four six three five two four
W I O D. What are we doing about lunch? By the way, this should be a special
Uh, OJ lunch day. I will do some sausage
Oh, you already ordered it know what cheesecake by the way. I got cheesecake up the uh, huh? Okay. I'll eat it
Okay, no, I mean I do love it
But how much cheesecake can you eat because she brought me four from Lorenzo's yesterday and man is that good
But once you start eating it boy, you don't want to stop you just keep shoveling especially in the middle of all this pressure
Jesus man starting at six o'clock Eastern daylight time yesterday
Starting with a little hand you know what I'm saying which I came across was it six
It was just before six I think I was watching the ballgame. Yeah, that's right
And I came across in between innings very luckily and I said what's that little judge doing on there again?
And all of a sudden he says well, I you you're you really reached a verdict are you sure?
You're positive you think so as I am I reading this correct madam form and is this right?
Well, that's at least stretching out one more day because number one and none of the big shot attorneys are here number two
We don't want no riots tonight and number three. It'll give the media. It's about 24 hours. They really do a big build up
Here's a lady in all of marata. Hello. Hi. You are so funny. I am
I'm so funny it hurts
My question is about the Allen Parks driving that stretch limo. Yeah, you know, he's going up and down the street back and forth
And now you know back in in the driveway pulling in up front and stuff. How could he be doing all that with a bronco there?
I still think go jade innocent, but I'll hang up and wait for your comment
Well, wait a minute. I was in other words you don't want to debate it
How could he be doing all that with a bronco there? Well, he says the bronco wasn't there
So that's the point so see so she she makes the case that he's guilty the bronco wasn't there and of course if the bronco wasn't there
He's lying
Which we already know he's lying because he's changed the story about his alibi on rhamany times
I mean when you really examine everything here when you examine that you know the fact that she uh
The blueprint for the murder practically that she knew he was gonna kill her and
Especially with a knife. She was terrified of knives. That was the thing. She was scared of uh
I mean you put it all together
It's like even perimason man says hey don't waste my time for this one. It's small potatoes
Even iron cyborg to turn this one down
That's why they went up with marsha and uh what's his name there? Chris Chris and what about a guy named Chris you know what I'm saying
You notice he was wearing his red ribbon during the closing arguments be very leery about Chris
Here's a mobile in Hillsboro Beach. Hello. Hi now. How you doing? Okay, you're the best. Yep. I wanted to see if you
Would go for headlight on for guilty and found guilty
Headlights on yeah forever you got a lot of people out there while building each other
Headlights on for guilty
Yeah, and of course if you feel not guilty shoot out the headlights
No, I'm not getting started with no demonstrations of any kind of emotion sir
I'm gonna remain very calm very quiet and very peaceful myself. Okay. I don't want people put people in jeopardy out there because art
Fleming's out of town and Alex Trebek's back in Canada
Where he belongs?
With rough darkness and insidious forces working to doom the future of all south florida radio stations except one
610 wiod
Nor did a hundred new people a day moved to south florida and every one of them has been offered a choice
Listen all day to 610 wiod or be shipped back to waterloo
They've seen waterloo they're listening it works like this listener you're out of here and thank you from use talking entertainment radio
610 wiod
Go
Back in the 20s the keystone cops kept America laughing
Today it's the LA cops that have us in stitches
If murder scene is a match don't worry a little self-the-waddle take that blood right out
The LA cops they're more fun than a fair all-o'-war
Yeah, I got a costation
Put that phone off you see what set a finger prints you see them all
The LA cops make any crime scene a real comedy of error
Don't bloody puprins go right around the coroner. Oh my gosh, that might be good
We forgot the call the coroner
Who watched the LA cop they'll have you laugh it all away to the appeals court
Okay, 1124 wiod to get that ping pong ball going back
That's the a little comfort zone the security blanket for the iod audience
They know that if that's there the ap line is working and we're working over here
Everybody out there is probably working on it. They're getting worked up to a frenzy
And they're getting gathering around in front of their sets today pizza loft will deliver something to your house
So you can sit there and eat your you know just eat yourself silly
This is this amazing. This is and of course tomorrow we got you on kipper. Don't you think there's something that ties into all of this?
I think that probably the Jews got something to do with all I'm sorry
Uh anyway, we got it oh
Man, oh here you go. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. You know what's incredible is um
I was kind of swaying through the way that he was gonna be found that guilty, but now I think um
After only you know, yes, they were at Alan Park testimony. They didn't even hear the cross right examinations
So that kind of like you know
They really wanted to know that timeline
But you know something there's a problem though and that is that we don't know
What one thing it was or a couple of things that they were looking for in that testimony
Although I'll be honest with you his testimony on direct examination was one of the most
Damning and some of the most specific evidence in the whole prosecution case
It could swing either way
Either way and um and I still say this thing about Kato said this
Kato didn't know squat he didn't know what he still don't know what time it is you could put him in front of big Ben
And he wouldn't know what time it is now he um
Smoked him in here exactly
Jamest Recruis okay
Okay, thank you see yeah
Open line and date 751 W. I. D 7519 463 one on the green line
1 800 944 those of us in Palm Beach were too snooty
We don't want to make any comments because he's gonna be our new neighbor
And we want to welcome him with open arms. He's got a lot of money. That's what you think
130,000 dollar house Bailey's looking for up there pretty pretty modest digs for a guy that used to be worth millions
But ain't no more
And by the way Bailey is doing a pro bono you do know that because he's got millions and millions from that drug deal down here
No, I didn't mean from that from
Well, maybe he does from a drug deal from whatever who he convicted or who he got off or whatever he was involved in
Some damn the case he was defending with this big drug dealer. He got paid off millions and millions
He's loaded with cash
So he's just running around being a big shot getting his big fat pompous ass on here and finding the Furman tapes
Can you imagine what kind of a defense case they would have had without the Furman tapes
This is the song zippity doodaw ring any bells here's river here a beach hello. Hello. No. Yes, sir
I wonder what it would be appropriate for the judge to question the jury's if they had any prior
deliberations prior to the official deliberations and could he order a mistrial based on that before or no
The judge ain't gonna do that but if if evidence does come out subsequent to this, you know, I don't know how that works
You know, I mean if I don't know
You know, I'm saying he may go for a mistrial right now. The judge is gonna do that well
No way you may know way
Because they didn't deliver it all here. You're suggesting that this judge has a pair is that what you're gonna say?
Maybe so I don't know. Yeah, well, you got better eyesight than I do this this the year we made devolved the Anthony
Carter's secret to you Neil this could be your year the Anthony Carter secret. Yeah, really who sent him to Michigan
Who sent him to Michigan remember that that was your big mystery
What do you mean who sent him to Michigan who's the person who influenced Anthony Carter to go to Michigan?
I haven't got any idea. I thought you were wondering about that. I was
Thank you Neil. Okay
See Anthony Carter who played from Michigan and of course for the Vikings for a hundred years
Anthony Carter played at Suncoast tie up there in Palm Beach. I broadcast those high school football games when I was at WJNO
One of my great claims to fame. I broadcast Anthony Carter senior year at
Suncoast tie all right
Two open lines both on a Palm Beach lines where they don't give a crap about anything that counts
1-800-944-9463 all I care about up there is when is the early bird and how much are we getting off the discount
Because we're over the age of a hundred here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, what your name is
Let's go to Kendall. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay
All markets down 27 points. They better come in with a guilty or a big trouble
Well, I I think if he comes back with a night guilty. Yeah, that it just shows that the American justice
Depends on how much money you have. Yeah, no kidding. I mean
Uh
About 20 years ago my uncle was up for murder. Yeah, and Ashley Bailey
offered to represent him. Yeah, and he told him that
If he comes out with so much money, he's definitely going to get off because the case wasn't so strong right while my uncle's still in prison right now
And he's not getting out until 97
Well, did he hire him? No, he didn't couldn't come up with the money. Well, there you go
So he wouldn't have been able to come if he would have gone on rob the bank and come up with the money
Got him off
Okay, pal, open line and date 7519 463 751 in fact
I wouldn't be surprised if Marsha Clark and Emily Bailey are the first two in the courthouse today that's fucking bitch
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello
92 minutes to go to the predict what get ready to win
90 minutes 90 minutes and 12 seconds. Okay. Are you counting now? Are you getting nervous? Are you peeing in your pants?
Is your blood pressure going up? Do you have that cuff on your arm?
Huh, are you taking your blood pressure right now there in the house?
Oh boy, and here's all here's that
Mary
Pupick whatever her name is on CNN company. What's your name? Mary of Tillets in the Schwartz? Whatever her name is this wrinkled up old bag
Who's been making a career out of this thing for almost last year now along with a lot of other people? What are they going to do now?
Trying to find a real job. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. How you doing? First time calling longtime listen. All right
Listen, I got an idea about what pressman or Parker Brothers should do. Yeah, if OJs tried guilty
They should make a limited edition thing true series hangman game. Yeah, and
My views on Carcreen and Shapiro. I think Shapiro's on the night and Carcreen's a douchebag. Okay. Thanks. Bye. See ya
Huh? We have an open-line at date 7519 463 the green lines don't care. Boca Palm Beach West Palm Jupiter Del Rey
They don't care one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three there two intellectual to be dragged into this
Morass of crap. Okay. They're not going to get dragged down if it doesn't fit they don't give a crap
Here's the for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, um guilty of sin. Yeah
By the way, being of Oriental descent when he found guilty. Can I hang out? Can I hand out watermelons?
Open line of power at five two four nine four six three two out of green lines one eight hundred nine four four
See, I don't really care what you think at this point
Especially when you were an asshole like that guy
But the bottom line is what do you think the verdict is that's what people want to hear
And we got people here talking about the guy damn red socks Indian game nobody all season long
So we never had one call about baseball a whole season
Even when I was touting the angels and when they went to their swoon and even when the marlins started winning a few games
Nobody cared a crap about baseball now that we got the oj trial coming up in an hour and 28 minutes for whose county now all of us
O.G. I can't see the red socks Indians game tonight. Yeah. Well, we're gonna. How were you like two months ago? Okay
Johnny come lately a bandwagon jumpers
Let's do a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. How you doing? Okay first time caller. Okay
It's very weird. What's going on up here?
But people are starting to talk about time differently to talking about
B.V. and A.V. before verdict and after verdict like everything's gonna change BVD that same who knows?
Now I'm also thinking of some people up there changing their BVDs about every 20 minutes
This is true actually. It's not BVDs. It depends
But another thing is what about putting him into the starring role of sweetie Todd
Of what? Sweetie Todd our broadway has got the barbers lorded all of his customers. Oh, it sounds good to me. Hey, put a boom about a big. Okay. All right
Oh
Oh
My god 1133 at W.I.O.D. and of course if he does get off for justice, you know who we're gonna go see don't you?
He's up there in the Bronx and Louise
Okay, now what are you just telling me what is that all about the people from what they Jewish scene is house of sinility what is that?
What are you talking about?
I
Just did a call return from some really nasty objectionable person. Yeah, and they said oh
They answered at Miami Jewish hospital and home. Oh, so the the old age home over there with the old
You know 140 year old old Jews who given all the rest of his Jews a bad name
They're calling in and making potty mouth comments because I made a joke about the dude what it was not an old Jew
It was some young Jamaican lady. Oh, some young Jamaican lady over there wasn't even one of the Jews see with the Jews
We get blamed for everything I told you George we get blamed for everything just asked at Louis Farrakhan
Okay, that Nazi son of a bitch who never found a Nazi he didn't like right?
Okay, go back where you came from lady
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
Hey, you know what you just want to discuss with you the question you asked about how you think it's gonna affect our lives
Yeah, I think the first segment of our society that's gonna know how it's gonna affect us as those people are sitting in jail right now
Stephanie when I've heard it comes in
You know unless you've been incarcerated which I have and I was I stood trial was convicted of a crime
I did not commit yeah, and now you sit there and you and you see if that verdict comes back guilty
I wouldn't want to be in a prison today or a jail with the guards and their attitude no no no wait
Wait, I don't I don't I am missing something you know
This is a long stretch from how it's gonna affect our lives
Well, I think I think what I'm trying to get out to is that our lives are affected every day by the laws that are made in the way to
Police conduct themselves and carrying out those laws and today. I it's almost like a police day
I mean you get pulled over by a police officer what do you mean today? Is that something new?
It hasn't been a police state for 30 or 40 years. Yeah, but it's concurrent every day
It's worse and worse and I think if this verdict were to come in guilty today
It's gonna send a message to the police that they can literally now do whatever they wanted
Whereas if it comes back innocent they may they may have to find themselves retreat
So in other words, you're buying the argument because there are bad cops and racist cops on the LAPD and elsewhere
Therefore the the tradeoff we're gonna make is the lives of these two people at O. J. Simpson. What is that with you Sam?
No, absolutely not I think that's one of the
Travesties that is thing that that the two did get mixed together that two should be completely separate
But that's not what you're saying
Well, I think what I'm saying is it's an unfortunate vibe
It's a fortunate byproduct of the unfortunate circumstances that happened for those two people
No, no, no, what you're what you're saying is we ought to have a knife guilty verdict so that
People in law enforcement will be able to get away with less assuming that they really did something here in the first place
I think what should happen is if we should get a guilty verdict
Yeah, how do we how do we then get the the message that was brought out of that trial?
No matter what the verdict is Mark Ferman is gonna wind up. There's gonna be a massive investigation
He's almost definitely gonna go on trial and that's how we're gonna deal with it
You see what you're doing is mixing the two things up you're putting Mark Ferman on trial in the O. J. Simpson case man
I don't want to talk to you. Thank you so much my friend. We got lunch from Carol up there at Stan stage deli again
Which you I didn't even know we were getting but that's great because we're gonna be here a long time today folks
I'm gonna be here a long time why I don't know because we're gonna make a big deal out of this right
Okay
Okay 21 till noon. We're just like everybody else in the media. We're horrors only we tell you at least I do the rest of them
We'd say oh no, we're just journalists baby. We're news people right
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir, let me just tell you
Did we can square up this whole thing right now if you just uh it boils down to one thing yeah
Everybody knows what it boils down to and what is that thing over with yeah
I boils down to that there's an overwhelming ungodly amount of evidence against O. J. He's definitely guilty
Yeah, but there's no jury in this world it'll ever convict him
None whatsoever. Well, what do you mean no jury in the world? How do you know?
I got a deal for you how about if we keep trying how about if this jury says not guilty
Let's keep trying to find a jury. I bet you I could find him. Oh, I'm sure I'm sure
But look these juries were packed and ready before they packed and ready to leave the motel before they
They want to deliver it. They want out. You're right about that. It's a question for nine months right you know
They're tired. They want to go home
But they're thinking right now you if you put yourself in the jury's position
They're thinking that as soon as they give this verdict the judge is already told him as soon as they give this verdict
He's going to shuffle them off the room where there's 40 to 60 news media waiting to talk to them
Yeah, and they get the option. Do you want to talk to the media or not? Yeah, but you're forgetting about all the publishers now too
Yeah exactly, but
Look at the repercussions. They find this man guilty. They've already promised the burn LA
Okay, the rumors they're gonna burn LA if they find him guilty now
These people want to go in front of news media and say yeah, my name is Joe blow. I convicted this guy guilty and I live at this address
Yeah, no way these people there's no way
When you got a good book good book deal, you know for a couple of million you can afford to get the L out of LA, you know
Which most people probably want to hey, you know, I can make up anything and get a couple million on a book deal
Yeah, but you know you weren't on the jury though, so that's true
Good point there Neil. Yeah, but the point is bottom line. He's guilty as soon. He should go away forever
But they'll never do it. Okay, okay, pal
Open line of dates 751 one and brown or five two four here's a little note. Well first here's a facts
That says OJ will be found guilty. No ifs ends or buts and on the angels game yesterday
Why wasn't so host hit rule the double snow had a tough time digging out from the bullpen
Actually, it wasn't snow digging the novel was Tim salmon, which he goes on to say salmon does have a cute ass
Keep it up, okay? Yeah, Tim salmon is he's okay in my book. He's a real player and poor JT ordinarily
He makes that plays a great fielding for his basement
But you can't blame him because Rex Huddler was looking the other way. Did you see the way that
Mark Langston was looking at Rex Huddler in a dugout like how come you won't look at me because you're too embarrassed
Because you screwed up the whole game and you I was right to throw you to ball and you screwed it up
And the whole ending would have been over and we'd still be in the game and you suck
But it's all over with okay, it wasn't the angels here
They gave it a good shot. We had a lot of excitement and now the mariners are gonna kick the Yankees ass
And all those New Yorkers will be crying in their bureau. Okay, because the the
Mariners man are a team of destiny. They might just go all the way
It's just I'm telling you they're the team of destiny. You can smell it. Can you smell it?
Because Goldman in the stride the very brief struggle, you know, the one glove came off
Oh, okay. Yeah, was that was that in court? Was that said in testimony? That's well
That's what Marsha says. Yeah, that's the prosecution theory, which is why there's no cut on the glove
Right, right. All right, make sense and let me also ask you this if he really did cut himself on that glass and the sink in Chicago
How come there was no blood on the glass no blood in the sink and etc
Oh, no, he's definitely guilty. I was just I just didn't get that part of testimony
There you go
About that one final question about the diet. Is there any carbohydrates in that bread at Lorenzo's?
No, there's not carbohydrate free carbohydrate free. Yep, deal with that. All right, Neil. Thanks. Well, I have a good luck to you
Open line under purple line pound iode AT&T wireless. It's 1145 an hour and a quarter man now the pressure is building
You hear it?
You can almost feel it and the big question in town is
Does the juice get loose or does he meet bruce his new roommate for life who's on like a moose
Okay, 1145 at w i od
George
George
Let me say it again 1145 at w i od
George
See how well that worked. Let me try it again 1146 now at w i od
It's been a wild summer in the Atlantic and with the latest hurricane following her siblings north the tropics seem to be
Gliding down and now our attention is turned to pressing matters on land
truckers get a break on the turnpike good morning at 731. I'm Jackie Baill's news talking at her 10 radio
610 w i od see sky or land the news that matters in your world
610 w i od news
skip out the
The hero
love by millions
Across the land, and went to visit his ex-wife now.
She was hanging with another man.
But you just went home now for a night-fancy mask,
and a pair of gloves and a vacuum-want.
But she was tipping her friend the waiter
and giving more than 15%
where she was gonna take it.
Start a slicing and dice and don't you know what?
Was that the airport before they fell?
He made a touchdown in Oshikagawa.
It checked in at the Alaba Hotel, above the L.A.G.A.
Well, he flagged all day, barrel-legal procedure.
With a knife, that's the prison yard penalty.
He said, with conviction, that's what gets when you hack the wife.
I don't yell it freeway, in a getaway bronco,
pressing something to his collar, wishing he was dead.
But it was a cell phone, no night of pistol, suicide by tumor.
He put his head, well, he finally got a mark.
Now it's up to the jury, but he will surely be jailed for life.
A matter of people that are sad, they feel bad for all Jay.
They forget it ain't okay.
Just lick up the hack the wife.
Yeah, yeah.
Huck the wife, babe.
Huck on fire made O.G. so black.
Okay, the good news is that I understand O.J. had a few cell,
in fact, many successful ball movements overnight,
so he's feeling pretty loose as a goose.
It's 1153 at 2, and whatever the hell it is at W.I.W.
Didn't get really nervous now.
The pressure is building.
We only got an hour and eight minutes.
All right, we're building to it.
And then what?
Then what?
Then what?
Here's Tamarack.
Hello.
Hello, Nell.
Yes, sir.
Washawnet Hover.
And back to you.
Nell, the only people I can see being disturbed by this thing that's going on
besides O.J. and the families, the jurors have to,
if they find him guilty and then watch the tapes that we saw that they didn't,
they got a few really pissed because to be honest with you,
I think that as a jury, they should have the right to determine
what's plausible and what is,
and the judge never gave them that right.
Meaning what?
Well, if you put it on...
In other words, the judge is now going to introduce evidence.
How the hell can he do that?
He can't.
No, it's a failure to complete.
But had he done it the way he should have in the beginning,
the jury should have heard all the evidence,
not just what he picked out to be listed to.
Are you talking about the Ferman tapes?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yeah, but you don't understand.
I mean, the fact that you see, it's just like that guy from the FBI
that they wanted the defense wanted to put on the stand,
he had no specific evidence.
He was talking glittering generalities.
That's all.
And it's the same with his Ferman thing.
Just because of the fact that he may have done something once before,
or talked about doing something before,
doesn't mean that he planted any evidence here in addition to which
he told the bitch that he didn't plan any evidence in this case anyway.
Now, he was going to tell her all of that other stuff.
Why would he lie about that?
I hear what you're saying, and I agree up to a point.
I mean, Ferman has been, I mean, in the closing arguments,
they did both sides, including the prosecution.
They called them everything out of the sun.
Johnny Cochran compared him to Adolf Hitler.
I mean, well, he's totally discredited.
I understand what you're saying, but the jury never heard the fact that
the police officer picked the scareball from his arm to create a serum.
Content to allow probable cause to anthropomuses.
What?
He picked a scab off his arm to do what?
To get blood.
To get who's blood?
His own blood.
His own blood.
Not in this case.
Oh, not in this case.
I'm in this case.
Well, but that's the point.
Even assuming, if what you're saying is true,
what does it got to do with the price of peanuts and have a nice life?
Oh, my God.
I'm getting a scab on my brain.
Just from listening to this guy, okay, we had an open line in Broward,
5249463, and our five minutes and 32 seconds, but nobody's counting, okay?
Man, are they getting real nervous now?
Are they sitting around?
Oh, Jesus.
Okay, here's the boi-n-vich.
Hello?
Onions?
Yes, sir.
Tango, ma'am, I said in these casso seals.
Okay, let's go to Miami.
Hello?
I missed a roger.
Yes, sir.
Yes, my name is B.F. Ryan.
I want to go to Black Public Forum.
We take opinion polls in the Black Community.
Yes?
So we've been involved in trying to find somebody in the United States that doesn't have an opinion
on the OJ Simpson trial.
Uh-huh.
And we couldn't, so we took the search outside the country, and we flew a representative
to Africa.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, we had this person parachute into the Ugandan jungle.
Yeah.
Okay, we have an open line in date and brought back 40 pounds of mush, all of which is in this guy's mouth at the moment.
7519-463.
I mean, I'm talking with the food in my mouth and my speech is a lot clearer than whatever you're trying to spit out.
Okay?
Spit it out, pal.
Okay?
And it ain't funny.
Here's Hylia.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Well, first of all, I'd just like to say, thank for the act and I've lost 10 pounds in seven days.
Oh!
Great.
And as far as the OJ Simpson trial is concerned, my only really filming in this case is for the victims, including old J. Children.
Mm-hmm.
And as far as what's going to happen at one o'clock, you remember that science fiction movie from the 50s to the 80s, still?
Yeah.
I think Michael Ren is going to be smiling from wherever he is, because everything is going to go bananas.
I mean, everything's going to stop at one o'clock.
Everything's going bananas.
My, my, my.
Look at now.
Okay, thank you so much.
We have an open line in date, 751.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with being tried by a jury of your peers.
Just listen to these calls.
One after another one, man.
This is what's out there, baby.
And I know if your life is on the line and you want a bunch of really intelligent people sitting around making the decision, weighing the evidence objectively and dispassionately and making some comments, then you don't want nothing to do with any of these people.
Okay, including that OJ jury.
So who the hell do you think about the Brad Pitt photos, Jennifer?
I don't think he was at full attention.
So I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt.
The benefit of the doubt.
I think you're just making excuses.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Excellent body, but no big deal.
Okay.
Well, maybe he wasn't up for it.
Well, maybe you can work on it.
But anyway, so Charlie Feldman is standing by on the courthouse steps there in LA and see it and like everybody else, they're desperate to get stuff in here.
And so the anchor says, Charlie, Charlie, what can you see from the steps of the courthouse there in LA and Charlie says?
Look at the f***ing con that blonde man.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't Nicole.
You can't Nicole.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't Nicole.
You can't Nicole.
Nicole.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
How musical.
She's gonna get you
Oh!
Run!
Oh, she's gonna get you
One night
Just the lickum
Okay, okay, okay
You killed the call
You killed the call
Okay, okay
Okay, okay
You killed the call
You killed the call
I killed the call
I killed the call
I killed the call
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Oh, she's gonna get you
Two, two, tonight
12.09 at W-I-O-D
That means like 51 minutes away
From the big moment that America is like in any day
They got the cavalry out there
They got on horseback, on moose-ass
On everything they got them on foot, on bike
They're all over the gut in place
In LA because naturally it's a very calm city
And people that don't overreact
They don't seize the opportunity to loot
To go out there and act like barbarians
Because they're pissed off, okay?
Because I have a feeling no matter what the verdict is at 1 o'clock
There are gonna be people who are pissed off
But you know something, that's part of life
It'd be in pissed off
And that doesn't mean you go out there and loot
And kill people and burn down your own neighborhood or somebody else is either
But some people have yet to learn that, especially in lost angeles
Boy, the pressure is mounting now, the media I'm telling you
You talk about just savoring every last moment
And trying to exploit it for fun and profit
They are into this and on top of it, to a degree
There is Simpson's business attorney, Lee Roy Teff
How many attorneys is this guy? God!
How many attorneys is he got? He's got his buddy with a black bag
He's got this guy, he's got the dream team
And I just wanna tell you right now, if you think we're gonna exploit this situation here today
V minus 50 minutes and counting
You're right
Okay, here's a lady in the lobby
Hello?
Yes
Hi, Neil
Yeah, today's a big day, you'll get a lot of audience
And anyway, hope you don't get a panic
You're in the lobby?
Yes, I couldn't call you if I'm nearby the neighborhood, I'm dropping
And dropping?
I'm sorry, my accent
That's okay
And I'm so glad and I believe OJ is unanimous lady with no guilty
Yeah
And he deserved it and...
He deserved one
Oh, he goes for a lot of church for 474 days
And thanks to American justice and the jury
Well, what do you mean thanks to American justice? We don't know the vertices yet
Hi
What are you talking about?
We kept bad on $500
What are you talking about? Thanks to American justice
So in other words, even if he did it, let's let him off and then it'll be American justice, is that what you're saying?
No, I really, because not enough blood, no evidence
Not enough blood?
Yeah, that's not true
How about a gallon, would that have been enough?
No, he has been splashed with all of his blood
How do you know that?
He's got to go through the heart
How even Ron Goldman didn't have any blood on her front of his shirt and he was the one of the ones that got murdered
How did that happen?
That's mystery, the only God knows
Only God knows, well I got a great idea, okay?
That's good
Let's ask God and then when we get done with that, we'll ask him to assist you, I'll escort you out of the building
Who is that? What is she doing in the building?
Remember I told you there was some lady here to see you like she had no problem with it
Oh, that's not the one, is that the lady with a skin cream, is it?
No, I don't think, I don't think
I hope not
The one that I signed the picture for?
What did you sign the picture?
I don't know, I said get out of here, bitch, something like that
Was it Linda, was it?
I don't, yeah, Linda, is that who that was?
That's her?
Oh God, get this cream out of here, okay?
Oh, it's gonna make you look just like OJ
Brings in a pain, a pain relieving cream
If you wanna relieve my pain honey, get off the phone, get out of the building, go away sweetheart, get out of here
Thank you for American Justice
Thank God there are no racial overtones to this trial, I'll tell you that right now
And I'm gonna tell you also as a gay American Jeffrey Dahmer was framed and so was John Wayne Gacy
The cops hit all those bodies under his goddamn house
That's right, it's another goddamn anti-fat conspiracy by the cops in Chicago
We know all about them, we know about Dick Daily what a dick he is
They hit all those poor guys under the house
Here was a guy who was Santa Claus, never stole a freight train and a fried his ass
We want justice, every fag in America is gonna run out there and protest right now, okay?
Or jump back into Claus at one of the other
And by the way, does anybody know that OJ's dad was a drag queen? Oh sorry, bad timing
610, WIOD, odd outrageous and shockingly weird
Parkwood can't keep his packer in his pants
Are you?
Oh, okay
What have you gone and done?
Why did you leave the bloody glove?
Then what were you thinking of?
Oh, okay
You almost got away
Oh, best instead of driving around the freeways
You should have been on Brazilian Airways
All your friends call you the killer
They say I hope the jailbirds take care of you
Oh oh oh, okay
Man, you could play
Are you sure?
Now you walk around the shackle, okay?
You hold on to the time
Just remember to sleep
When you're back to the corner or you'll be walking like Tina Turner.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, my recording all of these today because all of this stuff, all this material, these 600
and different OJ bits, it's all going to be dead meat after today, right?
So all of this documentary footage, all this stuff that they've been, the stash and
away man, they're unleashing it, they're unrolling it, they're yanking it out.
Where we going?
Well, Lady and Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Lady and Boca, which I hear that radio up in the back and she's right on the edge.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Can you please play LPGA?
Can I please play it?
Yeah, that's fine.
Let's go to Kendall.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, it's going on.
How you doing?
Good.
How do you like that bitch up there?
She's making a request.
We're like 42 minutes away from the verdict in the OJ trial.
America's on the edge of a nervous breakdown.
She wants to hear LPGA, okay?
Can you believe it?
Probably some kind of a dike.
I tell you.
Hey, listen, two things.
The first thing, OJ, not guilty.
Yeah.
And the second thing I'll tell you why, I haven't heard anybody mention this.
They gave them five to 15 minutes to kill the two of them, right?
How and how is he going to get all of that blood off of him and clean himself up to get
back and only leave a few drops?
What do you mean all of that blood?
How much blood do you know we had on him?
Let me say it again.
Wait a minute.
You don't want to hear the answer.
Go ahead.
Okay, no, I was going to say he cut Nicole's jugular, right?
Yeah.
Almost sliced your neck off.
No, automatically that's going to spur blood everywhere.
How do you know that?
How do you know which direction it's spurting in if he came up from behind her?
But still he was all over the two of them.
They were struggling.
They had this whole thing going on.
And did she have blood all over her?
In addition to which the speculation is that he knocked around ahead first and that
she was like lying in a prone position and he slid her neck while she was lying on
the ground, which in that case would get hardly any blood on him at all.
And the only blood would be when Golden came along and started trying to intervene and
he finally got a lot cold on him from behind and sliced his neck.
There's not even any blood on the front of Golden's shirt.
Oh, I must have missed that day.
Right.
Okay, well I still think he's not guilty.
I still think there's too many holes, but I guess my one was the problem with Ron and
Nicole.
Too many holes, man.
All right, Neil.
Nice to meet you.
That's a great day, pal.
We'll know soon.
Okay, hang on tight, baby.
Open line and date.
7519-463-751-WIOD.
And like I said, if you think that this radio station with our years of prestige, with
our significance in this market, if you think that we're going to make a circus out of this
and we're going to milk it for everything that we can, you're living in a dream world,
baby, because one thing about us, we believe in credibility.
Three minus four minutes and counting.
All right.
Let's go to a lighthouse point.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
Great.
I got to tell you.
I wasn't able to take the pressure and I couldn't sleep last night.
No, I did get some information on this.
I could share with those who are having the same problem.
Okay.
I call the psychicotline.
The psychicotline has a grilty verdict for O.J. Simpson.
Really?
Now I call the psychicotline.
With all the lawyers that O.J. has, there's only one to need to hire and that was Tom
Hagen.
Yeah, that's right.
Tom Hagen would have got him off Marsha Clark with the dead horse.
Keep it on Tom.
Tom was not a wartime consul.
You're though.
I understand that.
Keep that in mind.
This is war and you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
So let's pop a paper and look at that.
Neil, we only got 40 minutes left.
So I'm going to let someone else get on.
Okay, pal.
Bye, bye.
Hang on tight.
Hang on tight.
Everybody strap yourselves in and just start squeezing, man.
Oh my God.
You would think that this was important.
And like I've told you before, there are people get murdered.
I'm talking about good decent people.
I mean, you know, in the call, if you want to say good decent people, I mean, what are
we talking about?
She was a slut.
I mean, not that she deserved to get murdered, but they're like good decent people, nice
people who get murdered every day and nobody cares.
Nobody cares because they're not celebrities.
And by the way, if the fact that he was a football star, if we're supposed to be watching
what that means, being a football star today, like Brian Blades, huh?
And Warren Moon and Irving with a spike man.
Right.
So I say if he was a football player, that's guilty automatic, okay?
And they don't even have to waste your money with a trial.
1227 and WI need those are three techniques.
He couldn't have done it, baby.
I'm telling you that right now, let his ass off and let him out.
And that's going to be great.
He's going to get up.
He's going to pick up that little yellow pad.
His pencil off the table.
He's going to get up.
Walk out the front door, get in his Bentley and go straight to McDonald's.
How do you like that?
You think he's Jones in for a big Mac?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Gone?
Impossibly, baby.
You are now.
Open line and day, 751 WIOD, Lady North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
It regard to clothes.
Nobody mentions the fact that he was wearing a long coat when the driver saw him.
And another thing.
He was wearing a long coat?
Yeah.
When he saw when the driver saw him, he mentioned that he was wearing a long coat.
When he saw him go across the lawn?
Right.
Dark clothing.
He didn't say a long coat.
Did he say that?
Well, I know, but somewhere it was written that he was wearing a coat.
Well, somewhere a lot of things were written, yeah.
Yeah.
And another thing that Karsikian, he ought to be penalized.
Karsikian, era, per se, yeah?
Yeah.
He should have been penalized for getting rid of that suitcase.
He knew that was evidence.
Okay.
What do you say, Judge?
15 yards.
Okay.
You got a sweetheart.
Open line and day, 751.
I should have been penalized.
How do you like that?
She's got a point.
She don't know nothing.
Isn't this sad?
All these millions of people sitting around watching this and their Robert Kardashian said
this and Johnny Cochran said that and Frankie potentially did this.
They don't know what they're talking about.
But he read somewhere that he saw a guy in a coat.
He said that he was wearing dark clothing.
He first said it looked like an African-American, but he couldn't be sure because it was dark.
He didn't see any teeth.
So it very likely was.
And he saw guy was like six, about six to 200 pounds, which just coincidentally fits.
And also coincidentally, because he was buzzing the house before that.
No answer.
He's there to pick up, OJ.
I mean, he says limo ride.
He's got to get him to the airport on time, baby.
Get him to LAX.
There's no answer.
No answer.
He sees this figure crossing the lawn.
Hurriedly goes in the house.
The lights go on.
He finally decides he'll dilly dilly back up there.
At that time, it is 10.54 in the P at 10.56.
10.56.
He buzzes and guess what?
There's a voice on the other end of the phone.
It's OJ.
So our is it logical to assume that just perhaps the person we saw go into the completely
dark house and turn the lights on and go up, running upstairs and do whatever he's doing
that that might have been OJ.
I think that's a reasonable thing to conclude, don't you?
You're damn right.
I do.
And don't go messing with our AP pot, whatever you do.
That's all we need, man.
They're going to start pocking around with it.
Now we're going to lose the hole that you marked my words, man.
Don't let them touch anything.
V minus 30 minutes and got it.
Oh, and I see what's that?
What just happened, George?
What happened to my ping pong game?
They're feeding us a ton, Mitch.
They're feeding it?
Are you sure?
No.
He screwed it up.
OK, let's go to a Pemberg Pines.
Hello?
Pemberg Pines.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, Neil.
I just want to say you're a besting on talk, right?
Yes, sir.
Y'all want?
You're doing a good job.
And I think I know who have your car, you know?
You know what?
I think I know who has your car, it's Johnny Clark, right?
Probably does.
Maybe maybe Al Cowling's has it.
Maybe right at one o'clock AC is going to pull up right
in the front there.
How do you like that with a purple vet?
I tell you.
And maybe in the hatchback, OJ will be in there, 115.
You have a good day.
Hang on tight, man.
All right.
We're almost there.
We're almost there, folks.
Oh my God, 29 minutes, but who's counting?
What was that little scene that I just saw in there
with the scene with Mitch Ween?
I mean, we like, what was that about?
We're double checking.
We've got the line.
The line is fine as G.I.
Wine.
It's just great.
OK, don't be sticking other people's hands in a pot.
Now we're going to start getting upset
and then maybe even smoking it.
Keep your hands out of the pot, which, of course,
there's a whole drug aspect of this thing
because you're dealing with slime balls.
OK, I mean, OJ was a slime ball.
She was a slime ball, Nicole.
And they were like Hollywood people.
You know, they were sleeping around.
They were carousing.
They were doing drugs, all kinds of stuff.
And there's a very, very gigantic part of this story
that nobody ever heard about.
And we'll have to read about it in the tabloids
as the years and months go on, which is something
for a lot of you to look forward to.
Here's Bokeh on the Purple Line.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
First time ever.
We're getting serious.
Now Greta Von Brown just made her first appearance
on CNN in the morning.
Now we're serious.
Neil.
Yes.
Isn't it ironic that the verdict
will be served if it is guilty on the day of the torment
tomorrow, young Kapoor.
Well, just just beforehand.
They don't want to piss Fred Goldman off too much.
Listen, go out the whole trial.
So all the evidence, everything.
Yeah.
Why does a man of OJ Stature and Fame
well, who can hire any attorney which he did in the world
have to get in a Bronco, write a suicide letter
that can be interpreted that way anyway
and leave and flee with passport money?
Why does a man of that Stature and Fame
have to do that if he's innocent?
Yeah.
I agree.
To me, that's the most damning piece of evidence
of the entire situation.
And they never brought it into testimony.
Why?
Why isn't Marsha Clark and the rest of the team
smart enough to be in that recording?
All these different stories it was going to blow up
in her face.
And he was calling people on the phone
and telling them their friends is that he was framed.
He could tell people anything from now until the end of time.
OK, what the hell is that proof?
Yeah, you're right about that.
Just like he told us in the first place,
he was taken a nap.
And then all of a sudden, he wasn't taken a nap.
He was out there chipping golf balls in the dark at 10.30 at night.
What are we talking about?
That's right.
And this is the guy who had arthritis so bad.
He certainly couldn't have jumped over the fence
who'd done this crime.
But in the meantime, earlier in the day,
he wasn't such a good mood.
He was playing golf.
They're all over the place on this thing.
Well, I don't think he has arthritis.
He should buckle up and blow.
He's guilty and that's it.
OK.
All right, happy for him.
And back to you.
Bye.
Happy Sookas.
Poor, the poem line is open.
The a poem pound line at pound IOD.
Yeah, Greta von Brown just came on here on CNN.
And Charlie Feldman's on here.
And he says, hey, you should have seen that, blond man.
I am telling you, well, that's what he asked him.
He says, what can you see from any steps under cornhouse?
He says this incredible blonde.
She's about 5, 10.
She's got hooters like a maniac like watermelons.
And as soon as he said, watermelons,
Johnny Cochran started getting psychotic.
There we go with more racial epithets.
What are we doing here by the way?
Oh, jeez.
Now I'm getting really nervous.
I'm getting concerned for the first time.
We're all set.
Everything's working OK.
All I hear is OK.
That's good.
That's a good sign.
I thought it was a bad sign.
It's a good sign.
It's an omen.
Two open lines.
You run the green lines.
Come on.
Let's take a quick poll.
Now we've got about 25 minutes.
Let's go.
We don't care whether you think he's guilty or innocent.
In fact, we don't give a crap what you think about anything.
You already know that.
We want to know what you think the verdict's going to be.
Come on.
Let's zip through these about 100 calls between now and 1 o'clock.
We can do it.
Here's a sunrise.
Hello?
Sunrise.
Yes, sir.
I think he's guilty.
No, you think the verdict is going to be guilty?
Yeah.
OK.
OK.
There's one.
See, I don't care what you think.
Can you keep that in mind?
Can you be a dispassionate pundit denouncing the hypocrisy of our times?
Can you just tell me what you think the jury is going to bring the verdict?
Is real, real quick, premature evaluation.
What it's going to be?
That's what we want to hear.
We don't care what you think.
OK?
America doesn't care what anybody thinks because we're run by the God damn Gestapo anyway.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello?
Oh, Neil, before I give you my vote, I want to first thank you for the tape.
I got it really quick.
I appreciate that.
OK.
And I also want to put it by request for Mumble and Noj.
OK.
Forget it.
OK.
Let's go.
And the verdict is going to be not guilty, but that's not what I think.
OK.
Bye.
Open line of power at 524WID, 2 on the green lines where they have no opinion.
The people in Palm Beach are the people when they have a national survey and they say, OK,
who do you like?
Clinton?
You like Dole?
Do you like this?
And then there are always that seven or eight percent of Boso's with no opinion.
Those are the people in Palm Beach.
1-800-944-9463.
North Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I give you three reasons why I always take killed McCall and Ron.
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
What did the line of sand?
On one?
OK.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
OK.
What it is, pal?
I think it's guilty.
You think he's guilty?
Yeah.
Is that what you taught me the verdict is going to be?
Yeah, hell yeah.
The verdict is going to be guilty.
OK.
OK.
Let's make it quick and to the point.
We may have to even do a lightning round on this.
7-519463.
And they because they just don't get it.
1236 at WIOD.
It's getting closer.
16 WIOD.
A thousand milligrams of aspirin is not enough.
3 minus 20 minutes and 10.
OK, 20 to 1 at WIOD.
I mean, we'll always take free food.
But who is that forward, George?
What does he take that?
That's for where?
Sheryl and Bob and Harold.
Oh, that's for Sheryl and Bob and again, up front.
Way up the end of the hall to your right there
or your left way up in the front.
They'll know.
They'll flug you down.
Thanks anyway, pal.
They're just killing us with food here.
So anyway, we've got 20 minutes and counting.
Now, the pressure you could cut it with a goddamn butter knife.
It's getting so thick.
We not only have AP on here.
Listen to that.
Station's AP.
Some look at blowing the show for the run-around holiday.
Our anchored coverage of the Simpson verdict on this channel
at the top of the hour straight up.
OK, all right.
And then we got KFI, our sister, station in Los Angeles.
Much butchery.
I mean, it really got a couple of guys out of show.
I like the kids, the sports kids.
I WQAM.
All right, let's go to Kerala and see what I think.
Let's fry a zazzol, right, Kerala?
Terry, if you go to a site and you plan to kill say your ex-wife
and then somebody else shows up.
It's a rock and roll talk.
I'm KFI.
All right, Kerala.
Let's talk to somebody and Van Dijs.
OK, here's Van Dijs.
Jesus, got on.
I might have no wonder they're crazy out there in LA.
They're listening to the KFI.
All the numbers don't show it.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pines.
Hello.
Can I have a beer now?
Yes, sir.
What do you say?
You'll see us out.
Yeah.
OK, see ya.
OK, let's do a mirror-mar.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you find his blooded bungee, you must convict on money.
All right.
Nice.
See ya, he's a poet and he don't know it.
So there's four.
See, they're not.
They're just giving their opinion.
They're not telling me what they think the jury's going to do,
because they can't relate to the jury, because even as dumb as our audience,
there are rocket scientists compared to the jury.
You know what I'm saying?
So what do you say out there, KFI?
The pick, she picked the glove.
All right.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
The jury's going to find him not guilty.
OK.
Thank you.
No, I don't think so.
Open line, I think you're right, though.
Open line, a broward.
5249463.
5242.
WIOD.
Our quick instant.
I mean, we're on, oh, let's get to the right thing in here.
Man, a pressure.
I've never been in my life.
Here's a lady in Tevernier.
Hello.
Absolutely 100% not guilty.
OK.
It's O.J. Jr.
Open line and date.
7519463.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm.
I know you're a little slow, but.
North Palm.
What is it?
It's a North Palm.
Like I said, North Palm.
Close enough for me.
It's not guilty verdict.
OK.
Hey, Neil.
I wanted to get a hold of you by letter.
What's your address?
WIOD.
Miami.
33141.
33141.
You got it.
Thank you.
See, OK.
By the way, O.J.'s your new neighbor.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Mark Farman.
Who framed me?
Oh.
Let's do a hi-a-lea.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Guilty as hell.
OK.
So we got 5 guilty, 4-knock guilty.
And of course, this is a very scientific poll.
We're going to bring in the guy with a long ponytail in a couple of seconds,
who's really normed.
Can't with the ponytail.
Come after her.
Yeah.
Well, I've been very skeptical on a guilty verdict.
And I was listening to CNN.
They were interviewing Kathleen Bell and her attorney.
Yeah.
A table of dainty.
Um,
Taylor Dain, sound attorney?
I'll get out of here.
Here's Miami on a purple line.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
See how happy they are about this and early, man.
They're felling from it.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Going once.
Going.
What is it?
Not guilty.
OK.
You got to speak into that thing with little holes and OK.
And occasionally a little comment in the phone would help too.
Here's a lady.
Now what's that?
Oh, guitar man is on here.
Oh, J.
guilty.
Oh, J.
guilty.
Oh,
guilty.
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
All right.
I bet they don't have that on KFI, do they?
Look at the house.
OK, let's go to the house.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
I think he's guilty, but he's going to get off.
OK, not guilty then.
Not guilty.
OK, thanks.
Yeah, see, let me say it again.
Don't preface your, because I understand where you're coming from.
But don't tell me that.
Like, I think he's guilty too, but I think he's walking, baby.
Even Fats Domino never sang.
I'm walking like this.
He's walking out that door at about 150 in this afternoon.
Thank you all very much to check in the mail.
Let me get to the airport right now.
I got a little date in somewhere where they don't have the most tradition.
Just in case they change their mind.
Can't change their mind, baby.
It's called double, double trouble.
That's right.
Double jeopardy.
How about we go for super jeopardy?
How about like a double jackpot?
Huh?
For $5 million, I'll take Johnny Cochrane and what the Jewish guy?
Not the, and you know, Bob Shapiro turned out to be absolutely useless.
You know that?
Very shek was the Jew guy that really needed the job there.
That's what Ferrican said.
Here's a pompe-no.
Hello.
Johnny Cochrane is guilty.
As a matter of fact, even Jesse Jackson said we got to look to Jaime Town to get this guy brother off.
That's what he said.
Here's a Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Heal guilty.
Boy.
Boy, okay.
Six, six.
I say we got a hung jury right here.
We got somebody hung in this town.
I haven't found him yet.
Here's Miami on a broward line.
Desmond.
Heal God.
Not guilty.
LA is going to burn later.
A real optimist.
LA is going to burn.
Listen to these people on KFI.
Do you think they're going to burn the city down?
Been bogged down.
Don't be concerned with the 45,000 pages.
Okay.
Really shouldn't have been that long ago.
I sure hope Andrew and the S. Woods don't, uh, I hope he's not listening over there at QAM.
They'll be right down there to KFI and LA.
To hire all these happy talk guys.
I'll ride.
So I see our pain in the S. Friends from Channel 4.
I mean our good buddies from Channel 4 are back again here trying to exploit all of this stuff.
Not that they want to be like Channel 7.
At least they weren't promoting it's all over yesterday because they want to be, they want to get the jump on everybody next door.
That's it.
By the way, they also got the result of next year's presidential election coming up tomorrow.
Channel 7.
Here is a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
My name is Fred Gahouk and Jimmy is the man's not guilty.
All right Fred.
Thank you so much.
Okay Fred, go down to Jimmy's and see Fred.
Okay and give him what for?
So what do we got?
We got eight not guilty's and we got six guilty as if it really makes a difference.
Okay.
We're taking a poll.
We're taking a big scientific one and when we're done we're going to climb right up to the top of it.
How do you like that?
Here is a bokeh.
Hello.
Bocah.
Going once.
Going twice.
Too slow as usual up there.
You're real slow.
Miami.
Hello.
Not guilty.
Okay.
Good call.
God, that's the first call we had from a goddamn computer, wasn't it?
Here is a homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Hello, not guilty.
Okay.
They're even having trouble just belirting out the words.
Okay.
Ten to six man on a not guilty side.
Not too many people jumping to the conclusion this jury is going to do it.
They're going to fry the juice or even squeeze the juice.
1246.
You see those people stand out in front with the t-shirts turn the juice loose.
That's my if it turned the juice loose baby.
I ride.
Here's some juice for you.
Squirt, squirt.
1246 is WIOD.
Charles Alfier is come up with a new hair replacement system that he calls the hairline that actually creates
a natural look and hairline.
You see the most critical area of any hair replacement system is?
How did you guess?
The hairline.
With this new system from Charles Alfier, the closer you look, the more natural it looks and the hairline too.
The hairline is created with the appropriate recessions for each man.
So it looks like the hair is growing right out of your scalp and the effect is just incredible.
Not like Hank Stramm who looks like it's growing out of his ass.
So if the noxidil didn't work, if you're not happy with your plugs, your transplants, those snaps embedded deep in your scalp, whatever it is.
Or maybe you're wearing another piece from some other company.
You owe it to yourself if you want to look like a real mens to visit the Charles Alfier Estudio in Fort Lauderdale at 4319 or Federal Highway.
And you'll discover why he's helped so many thousands of people for over 27 years now, whether they got the big bucks or their just schleppers like most of you.
Charles Alfier Estudios, column toll free for their free brochure, 1-800-321-204-13.
1-800-321-204-13.
610-W-I-O-D.
The edge gets sharper every day.
3 minus 10 minutes and a counting.
What do you say again?
Oh, that's what I thought he said.
Okay, it's getting pretty close. You're getting nervous, Andy.
Andy's got his hands deep in his pockets feeling the change.
Everybody's getting really psychotic about this.
And then when it's all over, talk about anti-climactic.
I mean, you do understand how this works, don't you?
And they're all going to come in and judge is going to look at him and smile.
Everybody's going to sit down real tense, filling up their pantalote.
You know what I'm saying?
And then the foreman's going to read the thing and he's going to say, okay, is that what you've decided to say?
Yes, and that's it.
And OG's going to walk out of the courtroom and walk out and never, never land.
Wouldn't that be something as he walks out the courtroom?
I'm going to Disneyland.
Can't you see that now?
You just know that those bastards are out there right now, those grave robbers.
Michael Eisner's probably sitting on the front court.
How steps right now?
Here's the Coral Springs on the Purple Line.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Giltee and it will be overturned in appeal.
Okay. Okay, this guy's, he's even got the extra edge there.
He's, you know, is it all, man?
This guy's psychotic and psychic.
Here's Boka on seven.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
So, Jerry tried it out and discovered it fits.
Giltee.
Okay.
Okay, like I said, if they do a quit, they're full of, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
When is Diaz?
Burtick will be not guilty.
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Okay, we got everybody's got an opinion now.
You know what they say?
Everybody just like assholes, everybody's got one.
Everybody's got, buddy's got an opinion.
Let's go to a market.
Hello.
Marguerite.
Guys, is Giltee is Michael Jackson.
But is that what's going to be the jury?
See, you're giving me your opinion.
Not Giltee.
Okay.
See, you see, now the whole thing is twisted around because people are very anxious to give their own opinion, which is fine.
It's America and until we get Bob Dole elected next year or God forbid until Pat Buchanan gets in, you're still allowed to have your own opinion.
The thought police aren't coming to your door yet.
Rick Riley.
But the problem is, you know, people are giving their own, but they're not telling me right off the bat what they think the jury is going to do.
So keep them in mind.
Keep those 12 vozos in mind and forget about yourself.
Okay.
Forget what a genius you are.
Here's Pompato B.
It's going to be a Giltee vote if you're Jew, bastard.
Okay.
So that's 12 to 9.
Who was that?
Was that Johnny Cochran, but he does like Israelode for keep that in mind.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Am I on?
You're on.
Yeah.
I have two items.
You know, all the TV experts are in shock over, you know, how short of a time you took them to decide.
Why should they go over the entire thing for over two weeks if they all agree on a verdict?
Right.
You know, there's no point in re-discovering the verdict.
Especially when they're in a herd to go home and get some, right?
Yeah.
There you go.
And then a verdict, you know, the only evidence they asked to review was the one that it was most damaged.
Yeah.
It was two jurors taking notes, which probably were the two that were not that sure about the evidence.
Okay.
And the answer is, it couldn't be Giltee.
Okay.
And listen to you 20 years.
Well, congratulations.
Congratulations to you.
And have a great life.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Okay.
So how they doing on KFI?
Hey, you divided us into camps.
Not right.
People, different, I mean, whether you black, white, blue, green, what?
You know, you have different people with different opinions.
It doesn't make a difference.
You know, you know.
I know, but you know, some opinions are rooted in fact and logic.
What, eight years out, awful, happy are there.
How they probably sell spots for $5,000 a pop.
Here's Volca.
Hello.
Tells.
Yes, sir.
Twelve Pozos.
One Giltee verdict.
Okay.
Let's go to a Pembroke Pines.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
This is Johnny Coccharine.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I say here's one for you.
I got Giltee first degree for Nicole second degree for Goldman.
Okay.
So it's kind of like half and a half.
Hello half and a half.
And I'll take mine dark.
All right.
Okay.
So put him down to Giltee because we don't have the time to go through all those
contusions and you know what I'm saying?
You do know what I'm saying.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Giltee is hell.
Okay.
So what do we got so far?
We got 11 or 13 Giltee and we got 12.
It's like even Steven Mann because you want to know why it is because we don't know.
There seems to be the backbone of this and that in edit.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And generally that's true in the family.
That is true.
But we also stand behind our black men.
All right.
Nadine, thank you for the call.
Even when they kill a couple of people.
That's all right.
Okay.
Let's go to Pompano.
Hello.
Get the old age junior.
Okay.
Here's Bokon to Purple Line.
Hello.
I feelty because they never found any of OJ's blood at the murder scene.
Okay.
Let's go to, uh, sure, four-letter day.
Hello.
Yeah.
I think that your risk is going to find them guilty and God forbid they, uh, they find a
minute and all those millionaires in Brent where we're going to trash those country clubs.
There you go.
They're getting ready to do it right now.
As a matter of fact, they're going to be big white riots all over Los Angeles.
Maybe even all the way down to San Diego.
What up the free with a Frisco?
All those facts are going to come out in Frisco again.
Here's, oh, wait a minute.
I don't want to interrupt myself, but
three minus five minutes and counting.
Oh!
Can you handle it?
I don't think you can handle the pressure.
Can you folks?
Are you like sitting down?
Are you like in a prone position right now?
If I were you, I would lay down right on the floor.
I would just grab whoever is next to me and clench your fat, their thing real tight.
That's what I would do right now if I could.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
No, not yours.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
It doesn't fit.
Yeah.
So you're full of what?
Dockron went down.
Tell the jury to ignore all the evidence and just do what you want.
Do it.
Let's say Dockron went down.
Well, that's not going to do that.
That's coming later from his ex-wife.
Let's do a Miami.
Hello.
Jerry says one first, one second.
Okay.
See, these people now, these real intellectuals, they're starting to make it complicated.
10, 16, 16 to 13 on the guilty side.
Getting really, really tight.
Four and a half minutes and counting, baby.
It's getting emotional now.
I bet you they're going to be counting down here on AP pretty soon.
Huh?
Are they in a KFI?
I think they're so enthralled with the calls.
And the gloves?
And the knife?
I don't think they're even carrying the verdict on KFI.
They're so wrapped up with his guy, Dan Foney, phone call.
And then she comes in.
He sees Goldman and he goes nuts.
And he takes him down.
He takes him both down.
But I think the thing is, is that they keep on forgetting to talk about that bag, that Kato offered to get from OJ.
And that probably had a coat and that had all the blood on it.
Here you go.
Rest my case.
So anyway, they're filing into the courthouse right now as a matter of fact.
This is an exclusive here at WIW.
They're filing in.
There are all the attorneys on both sides of an air.
Little judge is getting ready to come out and sit at his own as thrown.
And a jury will be in there in a couple of minutes.
And OJ, look at that.
OJ is sitting right by it.
And then Johnny Cochrane keeps rubbing his back, giving him that back rub.
He can think he likes it.
And OJ stands up and looks straight into the audience.
Looks straight at Fred Goldman and said,
He killed Nicole.
Here's a, uh, and 20 years for overacting.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I figured out why F. Lee Bailey went and saw OJ last night.
Yeah.
He wanted to get the bill settled up for the verdict.
There you go. Good point.
So, uh, I think he's going to be found guilty.
Okay.
Of course, F. Lee, like I said, he ain't getting the dime from this because he's got those $400
billion from all the drug people down here in South Florida.
And he's busy buying OJ a house, okay?
No.
He never stalked Goldman.
He was never jealous about Goldman to any large extent.
He was somewhat jealous about him.
And I don't know if this was...
Okay, keep that in mind.
He was somewhat jealous about him.
Okay.
These experts, these little 10-year-old experts sitting out there at KF, final Los Angeles,
going on a year, opening up a big mouth.
Of course, keep in mind that's the same station that put Darrell Gates on here, okay?
I mean, be one thing to put Bill Gates on here.
That might be okay.
But this station put Darrell Gates on here.
He gave him a show for about two days and they said, oh, nobody cares anymore.
By Darrell, same thing with Howard.
They put him on here in Chicago for like five minutes.
OJ, Howard, you said something we don't like.
Goodbye.
By the way, Howard's picked up on WJJD in Chicago, started there this morning.
I just thought I would mention it, okay?
So now the countdown gets real, real serious.
Okay, in fact, I think I just better keep this up just in case we don't want to miss a bloody thing.
A horrible picture of her.
Uh-huh.
Okay, that was really beautiful.
So now we've got a posky round for like the next 10 seconds while we wait for that.
Was that the firm in junior?
That was Philip Van Ader, okay.
We got two minutes and counting, baby.
Two minutes.
There at the end.
That's it.
No more go away and that may have been a fatal decision.
Oh, they're hyperventilating on AP.
Do you hear that?
They're not the reasons AP hotline is talking up a live special report.
The Simpson verdict anchored coverage of the Simpson verdict comes your way on AP hotline at the top of the hour straight up.
This live special report will be on the coals.
Mark Smith, a kill and a coverage comes your way.
A kill and a cold hour straight up.
A kill and a cold.
AP hotline talking up a live special report.
It begins one minute 30 seconds from a kill and a cold from Mark.
Okay.
Okay, I think we can handle it, George.
I think we can get another caller to on here because these people are foaming at the mouth.
After we get the verdict, you'll have plenty of opportunity to vent.
You'll have plenty of opportunity to open it.
Not you, pal.
We heard enough of your crap.
Oh, and if this mark, what's this guy's name?
Mark Smith from AP audio.
If this guy interrupts while in the middle of it, there's the judge.
We're on CNN.
There's the little jab judges there right now.
He means business.
He's not going to pock you around.
Okay.
There's OJ sitting there.
He's got that look on his push.
No, this is from yesterday.
Okay, that's good.
That means we can do it.
Talk up.
You see you're shaking your head.
You think you got a tough job, huh, sweetheart?
So anyway, I think what they're trying to say is OJ is going to take a big dump in about five minutes.
Which is what we're having to do a lot.
So, like I said, when we come back after we finally get the verdict and the whole song
that it answers over, how is this going to change anybody's life except for all the housewives and the other misfits out there who never had a life who
made this into a goddamn substitute life.
Look at the engineering staff in there, man.
Look at that.
We got one on one side and one on the other.
It's like the scales of justice.
Only Steve Ziggler is weighing down the left side.
Pretty heavy duty at this point.
That's right.
It's enough to make your flippier wig, Steve.
So anyway, here's the moment we've gone through months and months and months.
We've agitated and we've palpitated and we've masturbated.
We're just going crazy.
This is WIOD in Miami.
It's 1 o'clock PM in the Eastern Zone.
It's 10 o'clock AM in the Western Zone.
And now comes the goddamn moment of truth, baby.
Here it is.
This is a live special report from AP Network News, The Simpson Verdict.
Good day to you, I'm Mark Smith.
We are about to learn the verdict of the century.
After a trial lasting more than a year, testimony running to eight months and closing arguments of nearly a week,
jurors deliberated yesterday less than four hours before telling Judge Lansido they'd reached a verdict in the case of the people versus OJ Simpson.
There were guests in the courtroom at the stunning quickness of the verdict.
Judge Edo ordered it sealed until this morning, this hour, so that all the lawyers could be present for its reading.
And so it is that OJ Simpson spent what must have been an agonizing night in his jail cell waiting to hear whether he will go free.
Or spend the rest of his life in prison for the murders of his ex-wife Nicole and her friend, Ron Goldman.
Court has not yet convened and we are awaiting Judge Edo's now familiar opening of back on the record in The Simpson Matter.
Yesterday, the lawyers in The Simpson Matter were to put it mildly shocked at how quickly the jury had acted.
So defense attorney Carl Douglas, who sat next to Simpson when the jury reported in,
surprise doesn't begin to describe my feelings. Prosecutor Christopher Darden told reporters nothing shocks me anymore.
I killed Nicole.
For one brief read back, the testimony of limousine driver Alan Park before asking for verdict forms.
When they filed into their seats, we're told they avoided Simpson's gaze.
We go to joint now as we have been throughout this trial by correspondent Brian Bland at the LA Criminal Courts Building.
Brian, can you set the scene for us out there?
Good morning, Mark. The scene inside the building is one of incredible tension and we're everyone just waiting that you can feel the tension building.
There's very little else to say about what's going on inside the building.
One can well imagine what's going on in the hearts and minds of the families involved in this murder trial.
The attorneys who have worked 20 hour days and in the mind of OJ Simpson as well as he waits to see.
Judge Edo now taking his seat in the court right now.
What do you see? Judge Edo in his chair now.
His counsel, Mr. Shapiro, Mr. Carlin, Mr. Colton, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Blazier,
people represented by Mr. Clark, Mr. Darden and Mr. Hodgman. The jury is not present. Good morning, counsel.
All right, the records should reflect that earlier this morning at 9 o'clock, the court met informally with counsel here in the courtroom
because there are too many lawyers to go into chambers this morning for the purposes of discussing notifications to the jury's jurors regarding their rights of privacy and the interest of the news media to interview them or speak to them following the delivery of the verdict in court here today.
The court distributed to the parties copies of the questionnaire that has been distributed to the jurors and also the notice to them regarding confidentiality under 237 of the code of civil procedure and those two questionnaires have been returned by the jurors.
They have uniformly indicated their desire that their public and excuse me, their private information remain confidential.
They have also indicated to the court unanimously a desire not to speak to the attorneys, including after the conclusion of the trial and not to speak with the news media.
All right, counsel, is there anything else we need to take up before I invite the jurors to join us? All right, deputy trial, let's have the jurors, please.
Well, that's interesting, Brian. They have not to speak to reporters. What exactly are we going to hear at this point, Brian?
Well, the jury form woman will get the sealed envelope with the verdict forms in it back from the court clerk. She'll inspect the envelope to make sure nothing happened to it overnight.
She'll check the jury verdicts, the verdict forms, I should say, Mark. And then all of that will be passed on to the judge through the bailiff.
By presuming the bailiff will then hand it over to his clerk, Yidry Robertson. It is the clerk who reads the verdict in the trial.
Now, it's my understanding, Brian. Correct me if I'm wrong, that people are going to have to listen pretty closely for the verdict because there's not a microphone directly in front of Mrs. Robertson.
As of a few minutes ago, that question was, or problem, I should say, Mark was still attempting to be solved by the pool people who handled the TV and the radio feed in the courtroom.
They were optimistic at about 10 before the hour of trying to get a mic on to Mrs. Robertson. I don't know at the moment if they were successful.
I got to say I was looking on her desk as the camera in the courtroom, the lone camera that has shown us this trial over the low these many months swept past.
And I did not see anything on the desk. Of course, obviously something could be affixed to her lapel. We again will have to wait and watch and of course listen.
And so we are about to hear the verdict. Please be seated.
Here, Judge Edo Tone is here is to have seats now been rejoined by all the members of our jury panel and our opponents.
Good morning again, ladies and gentlemen.
All right, Mrs. Robertson, would you have the envelope with the seal very close please?
Sure. All right, would you give this to Deputy Trear?
She stands and hands the envelope to one of the chair's deputies.
And would you return those to our four person, jury number one?
51 year old divorced black woman seated in a seat matter.
I met a four person. Would you please open the envelope and check the condition of the verdict forms?
Obviously the jurors they have been throughout this trial, remaining out of camera shot.
So we generally surmise what is happening now during number one holding the forms.
The courtroom camera focused tightly on O.J. Simpson as lips occasionally purged.
Wearing what looks to be a light gray suit, white shirt, pattern tie, ice a ton of gloves.
Looking over to the corner of the jury box, it would appear.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Again, we'll need to listen closely because much of this is going to happen, happening off microphone.
And dummy up.
All right, matter four person, you've had the opportunity to review the verdict forms.
Are they the same forms that you signed and are they in order?
All right, would you hand those police a deputy trear?
And you have signed and dated those verdict forms and...
The deputy retrieves the forms then.
The courtroom camera is not showing us where the forms are now, but we believe they're on Judge Edo's desk.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Simpson flanked by Johnny Cochran on his left.
Robert Kardashian is longtime friend and sorry, on his right.
Cochran has his hands pressed together in front of his mouth.
All right, ladies and gentlemen and the jury.
I am going to ask that you carefully listen to the verdicts as they are being read by the clerk Mrs. Robertson.
As after the verdicts have been read, you will be asked if these are your verdicts.
And I would caution the audience during the course of the reading of these verdicts to remain calm.
And then any disruption.
If there is any disruption during the reading of the verdicts, the bailiffs will have the obligation to remove any persons disrupting these proceedings.
All right, Mrs. Robertson.
Two counts of murder facing O.G. Simpson.
All right, Mr. Cotton.
Your Simpson, would you please stand and face the jury?
Simpson does.
Mrs. Robertson.
Superior Court of California County of Los Angeles.
In the matter of the people of the state of California versus O.G. Simpson, case number B.A.097211.
We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant or O.G. Simpson, not guilty of the crime of murder and violation of penal cult section 187.
A, a felony upon the Col Brown Simpson, a human being as charged and count one of the employees.
On the Col Grand Grasps, Simpson's shoulders, Simpson's slaps Robert Kardashian on the back and freezes.
Court of California County of Los Angeles, in the matter of the people of state of California versus O.G. Simpson.
We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant or O.G. Simpson, not guilty of the crime of murder and violation of penal cult section 187.
A, a felony upon Ronald Lyle Goldman, a human being as charged and count two of the information.
We the jury in the above entitled action find the special circumstance that the defendant or O.G. Simpson has in this case been convicted of at least one crime of murder of the first degree and one or more crimes of murder of the first or second degree to be not true.
Sign this second day of October 1995, juror 230.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, is this your verdict? So say you won, so say you all.
All right, Councilor, Mr. Simpson, would you be seated please?
That is why the court wrong please.
The tears you hear from the golden family.
And would you please poll the jurors?
Fred Goldman is faced a picture of shock since in shaking hands now with all of his attorneys leaning over to whisper.
Number one, Robert Shapiro's here.
This is your verdict.
Number two, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number three, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number four, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number five, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number six, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number seven, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number eight, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number nine, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number 11, S to count one is this your verdict.
Juror number 12, S to count one is this your verdict?
Okay, count two.
Juror number one is to count two, S to the verdict.
Yeah, through you know your number two is to count the verdict.
Juror number nine, S to count one is this your verdict.
Stone face at their table. Christopher Darden facing directly toward the jury.
Marsha Clark, William Hodgman facing forward their heads, glancing to the side.
The courtroom camera showing us again.
Can S to count to is the subvertic?
The pictures of the family. I think that's Kim Goldman's voice, who you're
mostly solving, being comforted by her quality.
The clerk is directed to record the verdicts as red.
The party's agreed to waive reading of the verdicts as recorded.
Mr. Carpren.
If you waive reading of the verdicts as recorded, it's a clerk.
Thank you.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, I want to at this time take this opportunity to publicly
thank you for the service that you've given to us.
The burdens that we've placed upon you were enormous, and I could
support can't begin to express the death that we owe to you for the time of
patience and exertion that you've given to us during the course of this case.
I will have an opportunity to meet with you privately later, and I'll give you my
private comments when we have a chance to meet.
I want to caution you at this time that there is, as you know, intense media
interest in this case.
The news media will probably seek you out at your home or at your place of
business, and I would implore that the news media act responsibly to avoid
harassing you or identifying you without your consent or otherwise causing you
concern, where the you wish to cooperate with the news media is of course entirely up
to you.
However, I must warn you to expect the worst as far as that is concerned.
We want to, I know I share with you when expressing our thanks to the bailiffs
from the Sheriff's Department to our core reporters, Ms. Foxham and Ms. Olson,
to the research attorney, John Byrne, who's assisted us, our Preparation Law
clerk, Mr. Galvan, Ms. Carzwell, our media liaison, Jerry and Hazelitt on
her staff, and of course the jury commissioner Gloria Gomez and her staff.
All right, counsel, is there anything we need to take up before we excuse the
jurors, Mr. Carzwell?
The attorney, Cochran, has asked to approach the bench here and Marsha Clark
stepping up there as well.
Again, you can hear the cheers of the families, the sigh of relief from OJ Simpson
slapping the backs of his attorneys and shaking hands with them.
And so the end of a more than a year long saga, the trial of the century,
not guilty on both the listening to continuing coverage of the Simpson verdict
from AP Network News.
Okay, it's all over 114 at WID.
What did I tell you?
Six-ten WIOD.
Assume the position.
Okay, I'm assuming it.
I'm in the fetal position at this point.
Okay, we'll get our instant analysis now.
Might as well do that.
I told you it was going to be not guilty.
This is a sham and a forest that we've been dragged through for the last eight or nine months now.
And basically, this number one was not a jury of his peers.
It's not the composition, much less the city of Los Angeles, certainly not the city of Brentwood
or whatever it is, Township, whatever they call it.
That's number two.
And number three, you've got a situation here where the guy was a multi-millionaire
who brings in the dream team, brings in all these guys, can put on Iraq,
Johnny did his sermon on the month they're in the end, and screw the evidence.
You've got overwhelming, compelling evidence.
The man lies through his teeth.
We got no alibi, murdered these two people, and justice can be bought.
That's the only thing we learn from this is that justice can be bought.
And especially if you appeal to people on a bigoted standpoint, because that's what was done.
Nine blacks on a jury, and when it came in real fast yet, I don't know.
Maybe that was window dressing about the thing with the limo driver.
I have no idea why they even listen to the Alan Park testimony again,
because it's pretty obvious at this point.
These twelve had their minds made up right off the bat.
Maybe there was the one whole about the one woman, and he said,
well, he was kind of dubious, and Kato said this, and he said that, etc.
And I was like, okay, let's get out of here.
Okay, here's the antenna. Hello.
Holy shot.
Yeah.
What do you think of that?
I think it's pathetic.
Yeah, I do too.
The thing I called for you a little pull right before, and the thing that got me going region I called,
they have all the pictures outside of the courthouse.
Yeah.
And somebody had their placard up.
OJ, you'll do your not free him.
What is an act rate?
Yeah. You know what that's like?
It's like the people that were running along the freeway as he was fleeing in a Bronco, remember that?
Yeah.
And they were like, go, OJ, go, OJ.
See, this is this blind hero worship that we got in this country toward Jocks,
and of course, as we're finding out more and more every day, most of the Jocks are scumbags.
Yep.
Turn it up.
Or hell of a lot of them anyway.
It's a shame, no one here is in this country.
Yeah.
Okay, well, the message we get out of this is make a lot of money, so just in case.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Okay, pal.
Right.
And speaking of making a lot of money, now that he's out, he's going to walk out that courtroom door.
Can you imagine the money that he's going to be raking in now?
Everybody was, oh, poor OJ.
It cost millions for this defense.
That's small potatoes.
That's Nichols and Dimes.
It's pocket change compared to the millions that's going to be made now.
The book, the screenplay, the movie, the interviews, the, you name it.
He's going to be doing it.
Now he can go back to be an hero again.
How I was framed by OJ Simpson.
And even the notes he was taken on the, you know, on the yellow on the legal tablets, will probably be selling those too,
where the X's knows on it.
Oh, it's a guy they play from the bills.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Not too good.
Yeah, I mean, either.
Yes.
This is the most disgusting display of money buying justice I have ever seen.
Yeah.
This is the most horrendous thing.
How could you look, how could you just forget about all the evidence?
And this Johnny Cochrane guy just pulling out the race card, the race deck, all 52 cards he pulled out.
And who cares if Mark Ferman is a racist?
That doesn't mean he was a genius, you know.
I mean, this is just gross.
It is.
The most gross thing I've ever seen in my life.
And I want to tell you something.
If the guy who was accused of the crime would have been white, and the two victims would have been black,
and it would have been exactly the same evidence, same situation.
It would have been different.
It might have been different.
But my point is this, if they would have had nine whites on a jury and come up with the same knock guilty verdict,
they would be riding again for other reasons in our day to day.
That's right.
And when you got the rare case of a black man, whether it's Michael Jackson or Roe J Simpson,
who is a multi-millionaire and can buy off his own justice, then Halloween, we finally got justice.
And I just feel so bad for Goldman's family, especially because Nick Holds family knew he was an abusive man,
and it was going to happen.
They were siphoning off the money tree, but the Goldman's, you know,
replaced it the wrong time.
They really got stuck.
That's true.
Well, thanks a lot, Neil.
This is an off.
This is an off.
Welcome to America.
Yeah, thank a lot.
Open line of dates, seven, you know, welcome to America where justice is just a figment of your imagination.
Okay.
You can't complain about the justice in this country because there isn't any except maybe on a braves.
121 at WIOD.
So this former football star stands in the courtroom and watches his life pass before his eyes.
Weasen jury in the Boston title action find a defendant or a child or a foul James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder.
And life goes on.
The trial of the century from start to finish on news, talk and entertainment radio.
610 WIOD.
I killed the co.
Okay, 125 at WIOD.
Here's Daniel.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know what more to say, but this has been one of the worst days of my life.
I'm just, I've never been so stunned.
I mean, just watching the Golden Family like that, I'll tell you, it makes me count your blessings.
I know one thing.
Unfortunately, in this day and age, money does buy justice for all the wrong reasons.
And I just hope people really watch this case very closely and learn a lot from it because if you ever want to commit a crime,
number one, make sure you have lots of money saved up.
Yeah.
And number two, make sure you live in LA because it's going to be one depressing young kipper.
Okay.
I'll take it right now.
I just want to call and just express my opinion that's all.
Okay, thanks.
Take care.
Yeah, I wonder how the Golden Family is going to be feeling on the Yom Kipper tomorrow, huh?
As if we have to ask.
We have an open line in Broward 5249463.
I wonder how the Shapiro family and the Ashek family and some of these other grave robbers, how they're going to feel.
I told you there's no more justice.
It's a question.
It's an acting game.
We're not, we're not seeking to get justice here.
We're not looking to get the facts.
We're going to find out who the best actors are.
That's what it's all about.
Who are the best actors?
Who can sway the emotions of these schmucks from off the street?
And anybody that continues to tell me that the jury system works in this country.
Here is the greatest example of what a failure it is.
You could ever have, they've got professional jurors in England.
They've got professional jurors in Canada, I think, and pretty sure they do.
How come we got the schmucks from off the street?
Who the hell wants to be tried by a jury of their peers?
Who wants to go out in the goddamn shopping mall and find nine morons out there?
Who can't even identify a picture of the goddamn vice president?
But know who Judge Edo is and go on trial and have your life hanging in a balance.
There you go, baby.
Good luck to you.
Better you than me.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You the only guy who has the balls to tell the truth.
That's for damn sure, pal.
Let me tell you something.
I was born here, but my parents are cute, but I'm getting under wraps and I'm going back to you.
All right.
I'm taking my Panther tickets with me, too.
There you go.
Well, they might, I think they're moving the Havana's what I heard.
Neil, why, why do they let blacks get away?
They're more racist than anybody.
Well, I don't know if they're.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I wouldn't say they're more racist, but I would say that it's equally good.
Yeah.
Johnny Cochran gets away with all this stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, he's guilty.
He's saying Michael Jackson paid the kid $20 million.
Well, he's paid a whole bunch of kids.
They let toy.
I found a whole bunch of checks in the closet.
Right.
Okay.
You know, Michael in there, too.
Yeah.
Anytime there's a black person, they get away, you know, racism.
Okay.
All blacks, he's innocent, you know, or whatever.
It's incredible.
Okay, pal.
Good luck.
All right.
Got to see you.
So, five thousand dollars, you know, because they were, you know, there was no white people
saying Richard is black, and John Wayne, Jason, and Jeffrey Dahmer and the Charles Manson
and Ted Bundy.
Nobody was screaming, Hey, these are white guys.
That's why they're getting framed.
And sure we know that blacks, you know, generally get crappy justice, because most black people
don't have very much money in American society.
They're still kept under the thumb and at the bottom of the letter.
So what this, what this turned out to be was a symbolic, a Pirik victory for black people
who are in poverty in Canapura justice.
And so basically what happened here is they made a trade off. They said, well, trade the lives of Nicole Simpson Brown and Ron Goldman for a little bit of justice.
Now, if you're willing to accept that, if you think that's the way it goes, then hey, great. I would just all you anglows out there. Just get out of your jobs right now and say, hey, some minority, even if you're a moron, come on and take my job. I'll go out and go on welfare. See how I like it because we got to make up for lost time.
Yes, Jennifer. This is a KFI react right after the. Okay, thank you. Okay, do you hear our sister station, by the way, those disc jockey talk show host? Hey, how you doing? Here's the old. Huh? Are they on there? All right. Let's get some real good feedback from KFI at LA. It makes no sense. There's no logic. There's no reason. There's no rationality. Please nobody tell me that this American jury system is something to be proud of. This is disgusting. What is going on? They got away with they got away with double murder. The Kim Goldman's crying is going to haunt me for a long time. I could hear that clearly. The audio.
From the courtroom. She was absolutely she bent over crying sobbing. Look at this. Look at this. They I can't even look at these pictures. She sobbing and there's freaks. I guess outside. Cheering and pointing at the LAPD. Just lick them. Okay. Thanks Jennifer. 129 to W. I would do. There's KFI and it's not interesting. That what I just said isn't that what I just got through telling you man, the jury system blows. It's time to blow up the jury system and by the way, it might be interesting to point out if you're a, you know,
watch it. If you're listening, you obviously not near a TV set, but outside the courtroom just in case there was a whole bunch of shot. The stirbers getting ready just in case the guilty verdict came down and then they decided, oh, hey, it's not guilty. So instead of a riot, let's have a party, baby. All right. How do you like that? They were going to have a different kind of a barbecue. Now they whipped out the guy they went using the sausage. Here is a South Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time. Listen to first time caller. Okay. You're listening to
a African American male. Yes, sir. Does believe that OJ Simpson did have something to do with the murders. Something to do. He had something. I don't believe he alone could kill two people by himself. And just absolutely. There no clothes found. There's no murder weapon. There's no this. There's no that. Sure. All the evidence points towards. Let me ask you this question. You think if we had a little black bag that might be like a little more. I certainly do. I certainly do. See, I'd like to know why we didn't hear more from Alton.
We didn't hear more from Robert Kardashian. Of course, then there's always that lawyer client privilege with Kardashian. So they probably figure they could use that as an excuse. But there's an awful lot here that we didn't hear about some evidence that we know existed. But disappeared. And see that the issue with me is that if I were a juror see the juror did not see or hear everything that we saw. That's right. So we should not expect them to see things from our perspective. They were only shown bits and pieces of what we saw. So they came back with.
Reasonable doubts. Of course. You see, and I just believe within myself, I know that he had something to do with it. Either he, I believe actually I believe the sun did it. Yeah, there you go. I mean, really, you know, he's sitting there crying for what? Maybe Denise did it. Okay. Okay, pal. Thanks. Have a great life. Open line of power. 524. See on the one hand, I'm very bitter and I'm very upset. But on the other hand, number two, I already knew it was going to happen. And number three, I've already told you the prosecution did one hell of a crappy.
Case in presenting the evidence. There were all kinds of things that they didn't present. And Mark, you know, trying to put Marsha Clark and look and this other guy Chris up against these this dream team against
Eiffel, Bailey and Johnny Cochran and Bob Shapiro and very a check trying to put these guys up there against them. It ain't never going to happen. Man, we had the sermon on the
Mount there. All that did was put the icing on the cake. That just put the icing on the cake. He got up there, he quoted Moses, Abraham, Jesus. I mean, Joseph Smith. Everybody who's ever
been invented Buddha Confucius and that was it, baby. And we hear it a few. Hey, man's in the high fives in the background. And there we go.
Not guilty and see on a golf course. I guarantee you this Sunday, man, the NFL today on NBC, marked my words. Huh?
Is he doing the dolphins again? He's going to be doing the dolphin. In fact, he might be on that guy. They're in Bougare Belmani show. You know, look out.
When he might be on a bill's thing. You know, he's got that loyalty to the bills to hell with it. Offense. Here's a mobile in my
B. Hello. How you doing? You okay?
Regarding I think a lot of how they have to do with money number one because money does buy you a certain amount of freedom. And for you to have that kind of a defense,
there was no way that the prosecution was going to win this case. I feel in many ways. Remember now there was a district attorney that spoke with the
prosecution, maybe about three months ago and said, look back away from Furman because this guy's a time bomb and they say, we don't want to hear it.
And he just basically, you know, stuck with farm and farm was a time bomb. You know something. I think that even without the Furman tapes, I think the verdict would have been the same.
You see, because they're going through all this very complicated DNA evidence. And I'm sitting there and I'm, you know, not paying that much attention, but I'm picking up bits and pieces of it. And, you know,
considering myself a little bit above the average intelligence of these schmucks on a jury or out there on the streets. Who the hell can understand it? Who can really understand the one thing I do
understand is you can't create a false positive on a DNA blood test. You can't do it. There's no such thing. And I just there, but the four person was a
Belich was 50 year old black woman. Yeah. From one of the, what is your song? I think she'll some French all one of the real nasty black neighborhoods in
California. Yeah. So I figure, oh my God. This is it. You know, and when they came to, I think they would have taken a lot longer to find them guilty. I think they would have
gone through all the evidence one more time. And now we know 100% that his guilty. Yeah, but just to vote in manifest. That was too quick. I knew he was going to be a
Yeah, they had their minds made up by the time. In fact, before the final closing arguments were done. Okay, his phone is crap. And now we have an open line in
the day. 751. Oh my God. And let's go to a Jupiter. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got my passport. Yeah, better squeeze the tight man. I'm waiting for the gun shot. Yeah. You know what I'm
talking about Fred Goldman. He doesn't matter. You think you think you're going to be somebody else. Hey, the man deserves it. It doesn't matter. Okay. I hope it's you know,
vigilante justice. The nice part about it. Goldman did it. They give him 99 years and suspend the fence. Okay, get out of here, man. maniac. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944-946-3-184-44-W-I-O-D-135-W-I-O-D-16-W-I-O-D-appealing to lunatics everywhere. Okay, 138. What is the word I get what? Oh, the brand pit. That's from the internet. Talk to your friend Jennifer about that. She's a
collector of good stuff like that. She'll get you one for your wife. And of course one for you too. We know about you. Thanks, guys. Okay, 22 till 2 at W-I-O-D is we continue the post
Mortem. This will probably go on for another day. Maybe two that will be able to milk it. And then most people will go back and life goes on. And back to the young and
horny. Can you know what I'm saying? Because we've been dragged through whether we liked it or not. I mean, there was no way to avoid it. Even if you try to lock
yourself in a broom closet, we've been dragged through eight or nine months now. Actually like a year plus. So you're in a half
almost of this OJ crap. And please don't tell me. Don't insult my intelligence by saying, well, Johnny Cochrane, you know, like I said, that was
the frosting on a case. Cake, they had their minds made up a long time ago, which is why it only took them three or four hours of sitting around
and putting on, you know, a fake performance there. Their minds were made up long ago, man. This trial had nothing to do with evidence.
It had nothing to do with anything except the ethnic composition of the jury. Plus the fact that the prosecution did a really sloppy half
as job. But I mean, that was also just a little bit more helping a good excuse. But if you think you're going to come into
America and get justice without seeing done Corleone, forget it. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got to lend my
voice to the thickening feeling that I'm getting after the. Yeah, you're absolutely right. The American justice system.
Fuck the jury system is the biggest farce that was ever created. Yeah, Tommy, what normal person would rather give up the job
and his family and send him a jury for nine to ten months. Right. What normal person? Well, see these people, I guess all of them
are going to be writing the book. I mean, some of the ones who were kicked off the jury already got their books out.
These people are going to follow in their footsteps. In fact, when a judge was saying, you know, it's up to your own use
your own discretion as to whether you want to cooperate with the media or not. And of course, I'm thinking, well, it all depends on how much they offer to pay.
You know, that's where it's at. Did you hear the history of the jurors from yesterday? These people, professional jurors. I mean, they've been on juries where they've demanded
overturning convictions. Well, they're like the professional talk show guest, which is also a big farce. I fake. I'm sick. And I think
one thing that I should ever get into one of these jams. I'm running. Keep that passport handy all time. Exactly. Exactly. Okay.
And get a faster driver than Al Cowling's into Bronco. You know, if you're going to get the airport and, you know, get a flight out of town to someplace
where they have no extra edition, get a faster driver than Al Cowling's. Let's go to Miami Lakes. Hello.
Male. Yes, sir. I cannot believe this. A couple of weeks ago, you were talking about getting professional jurors. Right. And I was laughing at the NANU just going, you know,
right. I've been saying that for 20 years. You are absolutely correct, sir. This is the biggest travesty I've seen. It just tells you
basically if you have the money, you know, go ahead and do what you can do. Yeah. And, you know, get away with murder. This is awful.
When you have professional jurors, they are trained in the all the machinations of the law. They're not, they're not going to be swayed by actors,
by all his song and a dance, by the assermon on the mount. They're not even going to put up with any of that crap. Okay. Just give me the facts
like Jack Webin, Dragnet and they'll iron him out and they'll understand. And, you know, I mean, even though they still are human beings,
nevertheless, they're specifically trained not to be, you know, gullible enough to buy into all this bull crap.
We don't see the whole premise of the American criminal justice system is not to get justice. It's to get lawyers a lot of work and a lot of money. That's what it's all about.
I can't, I just can't believe those, uh, to 14 or 12 of them that sat there looking at the pain of the golden family and the brown family, you know, could just come back in four hours or whatever,
how much time it took them to delivery. First of all, it shows that nowadays there's no regards for life, you know. I mean, at least a couple of days of deliberation to find out, you know, well, let's look at this thing from all of them.
Even even to make it look good, even, you know, I mean, after eight months, what difference is one more day going to make just to give the impression well, we went back.
And even though we didn't go over every piece of testimony, 50,000 pages, we went over all the highlights, we thrashed it out, we went over all the possibilities, we looked at the marshes pyramid there, and we just had too many doubts in our mind and et cetera and so on.
And then there are some people might have been able to buy that, but the fact that they make it so blatantly obvious that they had already talked among themselves, which is in total violation of the judges instructions, that they had already made up their minds collectively.
You know, well, what's the point? Why do we even bother going through the exercise?
The message that is being sent out there right now is that life, you know, two young, you know, private people, especially, you know.
But how many times have you heard me say that human life in America is worthless? There's no premium on it. It's like stepping on a cockroach.
Yeah, don't do that because you might go to break her.
And if this wasn't a notorious sensational crime and these people weren't at least in her case, married to a celebrity, nobody would even give a crap about this.
Nobody would have cared.
No, realistically, you know, there have to be an overall, and I know this is nothing. What we're doing now is just voicing our opinions and nobody's going to do anything about it.
No, because nobody cares. If they did care, they wouldn't allow it to go on like it is now, but the majority of the people are dumbasses.
Yeah, but you know, realistically, the best thing to do is just hang on to the passport and go someplace where at least...
Well, obviously, overall with emotion, not viewing this with any kind of common sense whatsoever. Just looking at it again is a racial thing.
And I'm sure that all of these black people are got four or five million, so if they're ever accused of murdering anybody, they can get the dream team for themselves, right?
Or maybe OJ will pay for the dream team to defend them next time if they're the next ones. I'm right. Right.
It's pathetic. Here is a four-letter deal. Hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Can you do let me about five million dollars? No problem. I kill two people. I don't feel like going for a party.
Even if he didn't kill him yet, if he ever decided to do it, it's always good to have four or five million hanging around a special account, just in case.
I have to keep the dream team on retainer, just in case they do gotten killed two people. Right. You don't need to get off.
I wonder if there's any job openings over in the LAPD and the DA's office.
Forensic department? Yeah. No.
Would you surprise me? Check what's called Dennis Fung's extension. Let's go to Boka. Hello?
Neil? Yes, sir. The quarter of the century from the crime of the trial of the century.
If I go down, the whole trial goes down. Yeah. We just weren't listening.
Okay. Thanks Neil. Okay. He believes that. I'm going to still say whether without Mark Furman, it's not guilty.
I believe that. I mean, we got no way of knowing that until, of course, the books come out. What'll that be next week?
That's another interesting thing. You know, double day and all these other publishers ban them books.
You notice how during the course of these last eight or nine months, there were books coming out like almost overnight, the Kato book and then OJ.
What I want to tell you, baby, is I didn't do it and I was going to get off, etc.
And everybody and then the jurors that got kicked off the jury. There was a paperback book that came out like,
you went to bed one night and they weren't even writing it yet. You got up to the next morning. It was written, published and at your local bookstore.
What is that all about? Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello?
Hello? Yes, ma'am. Hi there, Neil. How are you doing today?
Okay. I'll survive. Well, you know, what I can't figure out is why they taste them all around LA.
And you know, it was guiltiest and today we thought, you know, deep down, I always do with guilty.
But if like there was somebody else there, do you see a son break down today in that court room? Yes, I did.
Or who do you think he covered for if it wasn't his own child?
Yeah. Right?
In some other words, you think the son did it?
I think that made you lose the mother. I don't think that one person...
I've heard other people say that. But you don't need to look for some kind of...
You don't need to look for that because all you got to look at is demand himself. No alibi. He lied through his teeth.
Oh, yes. Well, he came running in the house at the last second.
Money talks and BS laughs, right? That's what you find out.
There's like any blades, right? There you go.
Maybe he can go cover the Seattle game up there. Maybe he can...
He can't even carry these a perfect match, right?
Maybe they can compare notes. Okay, have a great life. Hang on tight. Squeeze it tight.
I think we need our pocket rocket. Okay, when's Aaron coming on?
Here's a... Let's see. Can we just do that? Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello?
Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, this is a lot of day of mobile.
Well, that's close enough. I just want to rally all the white people and let's go riot, baby.
Yeah, okay. Here's Hialia. Hello.
Hi, this is actually not Hialia. I do think it's funny though, but Manson basically got convicted even though he didn't kill anybody.
And he wasn't white guy. Yeah.
You know, I do think that's just an interesting case that they're into the wrench into the machinery here.
But I think at the time, you know, he was always unshaving a kind of dark look about him.
Yeah, he did get a few types of thing he didn't have going for.
And the fact that you're in tape was probably didn't add to helping that either.
Right. So, but, Neil, as always, you're God and you were right.
And don't forget they stuck all those bodies under John Wayne Gacy's house. Keep that in mind, okay?
Oh, yeah, I'm from Chicago. Next time some fags accused of some crime like that, it's a setup.
Right. Okay. See you, pal. Good luck to us.
Everything's a setup. Nobody takes, you know, you know, he did it.
He did it and he was pissed off and he got his many ounces of flesh.
And he should have said, okay, I was pissed off. I was emotionally distraught.
I lost my mind. I was on drugs. Bapapah.
But instead they try to paint him as a wronged man because he happens to be black.
Even though he's a multi-millionaire, even though almost everybody in America loved him and admired him.
And he was like a folk hero and etc. Forget about that. Okay.
He's not another victim of the system. Right. No, we're the ones were the victims of the system for justice.
Don Corleone. Trust me what I tell you.
Here's a way. And by the way, how's my parking spot coming at the arena speaking to Don Corleone?
Never heard any more about that. Huh? People thought I was getting carried away with that.
Let me tell you, I'm serious about that. Missed throughout.
I'll tell you that right now. You know that old saying you mess with the Falcon and you get the claw.
You don't say mess. Here's a West Palm Beach. Oh, hey there. Yes, sir.
I was on a federal case a couple years ago. Yeah, and they pay a whole lot, you know, $40 a day,
which is a lot more than these people are getting. Really? Yeah. And believe me, there was nobody there who was happy to be in that danger.
For the any event.
Yeah, OJ is innocent. Then Ruby was framed.
Okay. Huh? Okay. I think he called me for today. The guy needs mental health.
Let's go to North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. A Neil. I think he meant Oswald. Yes.
Neil, you don't believe in black power man in black power. Yeah. Which means what?
OJ is free. So what is what does that got to with black power? That's black power man. Yeah. Yeah. He's free man.
So what is that proof? I believe that cop did it. Now white guy.
Oh, yeah, a firm and not only the plant the evidence, he also killed them. Is that it? Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good. Thanks for your sharing your brilliant mentality. Thanks for showing the world what a rocket scientist you are. Okay, pal.
What are you laughing about? They just added 400 teams to the NBA. This guy's got a chance. Here's a coconut grove. Hello.
Once again, the American justice system blows a chance to redeem itself in front of in front of the camera.
I think you after the word blows, you could just stop. The only good thing out of this is that Marsha Clark will probably never work again.
Good. And she needs to see a hairdresser anyway, man. She could at nine months. He had she could never get it right.
Straighten that thing out. She needed to make new somehow. Yeah. But the only thing I'm waiting for now is Fred Goldman to take OJ out.
What time is it now? 158. Okay, pal. All right. Hang on. Yeah. They're showing a freeway thing here on CNN, man. Like there's that white van.
This is in this something you talk about melodramatic, you know, trying to reenact the thing with the Bronco chase and now they're doing it in reverse.
And they're showing the van. He's going back to Brent with all they just cut away from that because I opened up my big mouth.
And now we got a defense news conference. Okay. Is that on? Oh, defense news conference.
I'm even ahead of Mama, head of AP audio, baby. I'm on top of it, man. I am right on top of it and right thing around the way beginning exactly. Yeah. 60 seconds from whoof from whoof.
Mark. Yeah. Okay, Mark. You're dummy up. Here's a four-loader deal. Hello. Yes, sir.
This is Pete. I know my comm is going to take more than 60 seconds, but this first time. There's three days. I'm going to remember my life. Yep. And I'm 45 years old. That's what the day Kennedy was shot. I know where I was and the date of space should have blew up.
I know where I was and the day of the OJ verdict come in. I know where I was. All right. Now we have smart killers. All right. That happened to be rich. They usually get off. Right. We're on a Columbus. We should have Columbus.
It's in the TV. We should have Columbus. We should have one. Every city should have Columbus. Yeah. Pretty smart killers. Where are they? Where's the smart people in the in the justice thing? Here's my opinion. I believe he did it. I believe his hands are dirty. I believe he had help. All right. But I also believe that the prosecutors knew they didn't have strong enough case. And they believe in.
I'll tell you just like Colombo will keep our eye on him. Okay, pal. That's what we're going to do from here on in. So are they going to do this thing or what?
This is a live special report from AP Network News. The Simpson verdict. Good day to you. I'm Mark Smith.
How long have you been here now? The same two words for both counts. Three minutes. Not guilty. And OJ Simpson is to be a free man for the first time in 14 months.
The verdict's read in Judge Lansi Doe's courtroom.
The Supreme Court has been clear now. So the defense team on the Simpson family can hold a news conference.
The prosecution and defense tables put together now and Johnny Cochran is at the microphone. See to this. I want to thank God for this verdict.
He always directs our paths. And he's worthy to be praised. And the outset Jason Simpson,
the eldest male child of OJ Simpson will. We just statement the. From Mr. Simpson and from the family.
I want to echo that. I want to echo that. I'm a killer. I want to thank God without whom. I don't know where we'd be.
He's truly amazing. Amazing. I'm a statement from my father. I'm a statement from my father.
I'm relieved that this part of the incredible nightmare that occurred on June 12, 1994 is over.
My first obligation is to my young children who will be raised the way that Nicole and I had always planned.
My second obligation is to my family and to those friends who never wavered in their support.
But when things have settled a bit, I will pursue as my primary goal in life the killer or killers who slaughtered Nicole and Mr. Goldman.
They are out there somewhere. Whatever it takes to identify them and bring them in, I'll provide somehow.
I can only hope that someday despite every. Prejudicial thing that has been said about me publicly, both in and out of the courtroom.
People will come to understand and believe that I would not could not and did not kill anyone. My father will have more to say at a later time.
Thank you Jason and from the family. We will take questions. I'll just make a brief statement and we'll take questions out there after.
On behalf of the entire team, I just like to say how grateful we are for this verdict because we think this verdict speaks justice.
We never wavered in our faith. We were always optimistic. That optimism proved right.
I'd like to just individually thank all of the team members. Everybody on this team played a great, great part in this victory.
There's no question about it. We hung together in the tough times. We always saw this day coming and now that's here we feel really good about it.
I'd pay particular tribute today to Jorlanda Mietrius, the lady over my right shoulder who helped us pick this jury.
We lost 10 jurors but yet we still had 12 who we felt did the right thing.
The other two people who aren't present that I'd like to thank are Barry Schicken, Peter Newfell, who couldn't make it back from New York.
But they're in their new, they're in Newfell's living room today watching this and we send our love and regards to them.
Mr. Simpson needs to say it's ecstatic.
It wants to get on with his life and we are all ecstatic so we'll take your questions.
Johnny, a lot of people are already saying that this was a case in which race transcended the facts, overcame the facts. Could you comment on that?
Yes, I'd like to ask you a question, Linda. If you watched this trial, you watched the arguments, then you know this idea of any jury nullification of the idea we didn't have the facts is preposterous.
In the opening part of my argument, through a strategy we devised with Lee Bailey, we said that if we could shatter the prosecution's timeline so that OJ Simpson couldn't have committed this crime, that there would be a reasonable doubt.
That's even before we ever got to the socks, the glove and firm or anything else.
So these pundits who make those statements don't know what they're talking about. They haven't tried cases. They don't know what they're talking about.
This was a case based upon the evidence and so that's all we were saying. There was a reasonable doubt.
And when you see a trial that lasts nine months where the jury takes this period of time, they have gone to what we said. If you look at that timeline, OJ Simpson could not did not would not have committed this crime.
And I think that that becomes very clear. So I think that's a very appropriate question.
Johnny, was there a point during the summation in your closing argument that you were looking at the eyes of the jury and you knew something who was telling you something that you were winning?
Well, it's always hard to say Joe, but I mean I felt that they were very attentive for a tired jury. They're very attentive.
And then one of the jurors got up and went out and when she came back, she'd been crying.
And I thought that was pretty interesting. And then they all started. A lot of them took notes who had been taking notes before.
Well, we're a lot of us crying right now. W-I-O-D Miami. It's 202.
You are listening and we're getting paid.
610 W-I-O-D Miami Fort Lauderdale News Talk and Entertainment Radio. 610 W-I-O-D.
OJ walks. Good afternoon at 202. This is Jennifer Rem. News Talk and Entertainment Radio. 610 W-I-O-D.
Brought to you by McDonald's. For a moment in time, virtually everything stopped as the verdict in the trial of the century was read.
We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant or is Joel O'Enthal James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder?
OJ Simpson acquitted in the double murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.
Miami criminal defense attorney Jeffrey Weiner.
He's a free man. He walks out. There'll be an issue regarding his children, but he'll get the children back. He's been found not guilty.
Not guilty. The verdict in sensed radio hosted LA's KFI W-I-O-D's sister station.
This is horrible. This is disgusting. God the whole world's got to be laughing at us.
Now somebody killed those two people who wasn't there. Yes, I guess we should start the investigation to find the real murderer, huh?
Yeah, that's what's next. So who is the murderer? Show us the evidence in the trail to the real murderer's please.
W-I-O-D's Brooke Alvin is live at the Broward Courthouse with South Florida reaction. Brooke?
Jennifer, about 75 people crowded into a lobby across from the Broward Courthouse.
Many people cheered loudly when the verdicts were read. Others just shook their heads in amazement.
Now about half of the people here were African-American. Most of them felt OJ was not guilty or at least that the prosecution did not prove its case.
Some others in the group also expected not guilty, but moral fights here said they think OJ is guilty.
There was a bit of tension. Here is one exchange between a black woman and a white man with opposite views on OJ.
But I just think God said there is a God that knows whether he was innocent, tells the God that knows whether he was guilty.
I think God said that. Yes.
I think there is a God because that's who's going to have to deal with him.
In regardless of their views, many of the trial watchers here say the case proves that money means a lot when it comes to the criminal justice system.
Thanks, Brooke. And now as you might imagine all the crackpots are crawling out of the woodwork.
Saying they knew the juice was innocent all along. Terry Brill is an intuitive astrologist out of Elk Grove, California.
She called the WIOD newsroom just moments ago.
He's a cancer. He's very sensitive. He is very controlling. But I still don't feel that he did it.
For sure. 204 at News Talk and Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD, Time Saver Traffic and a Weather Channel Forecast.
