This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
When you fly on your vacation, do you want to go virgin?
I don't know. I don't have a lot of experience.
Or do you want an airline that's been around?
Hey, I can take you anywhere you want to go.
Any way you want to get there, baby.
That's us. Non-vergine airlines.
Not only are we fast, we're loose too.
With service, you'll never find on a virgin flight.
Hey, I'm stored asick. Could you flop up my pillow please?
Sure things, boy.
Whoa, I said my pillow.
Non-vergine airlines. Go round the world on us.
We're on virgin airlines.
We've really got the math.
And non-vergine airlines.
We fly on our back.
Non-vergine airlines. No restrictions applied.
Okay, 1006 at W.O.D., happy.
You're right. Here it is.
Boy Rick was right.
This week has just flown by.
And last week was really draining and innovating and nauseating.
We had all the OJ stuff and we can't get away from it now.
And yesterday I go home and here's Montel with a bunch of black people.
Screaming to a bunch of white people and a white system screaming back into black people.
And the whole concept of the program, the topic is,
is the media turning us into a racial thing and dividing the country.
And he's got, you know, racial hysteria there on a show for an hour.
Airview show you turn on, man.
They just can't let this thing go.
They cannot let go for a second.
Also, this is on the AP this morning.
All this is very old news, but sooner or later they catch up with everything.
A conures Georgia woman claims she received a message from the Virgin Mary.
Maybe she flies in virgin airlines every October 13th.
Today's the day, baby.
Today there's going to be a virgin in conures.
Local officials say up to 20,000 people may show up for the event today.
The local sheriff says a hundred tour buses have arrived from as far away as New Mexico.
He says the counties motels are booked up.
The hotels, the motels, the pup tents, the pickup trucks, the trailer parks.
About 25,000 people showed up at the woman's farm last October 13.
And you tell me that there's a lot of really bright people out there.
The Virgin Mary, she's going to make an appearance every year and conures Georgia.
Oh, all right.
And then this thing about what the OJ jury didn't hear.
I got to save that for later from the inquirer.
I mean, that's really incredible about how they did the tests, the Lumenall test on the Bronco.
And there was just all kinds of blood all over the damn place.
Blood had been washed off the Bronco.
And it's just some really interesting stuff that for whatever reason the jury never heard.
But that's because Marsha and Chris didn't want to do too good of a job.
They want to give him a fight and chance.
And then here we got the most disgusting.
And oh, yesterday we got that big tease from the Panther organization.
We got a major announcement going on, which I tried desperately to find out.
And then we did at least a head of everybody else we found out it was nothing more than the Beezer signed a new year, three year deal.
Well, even if you love the Beezer, if you think he's the greatest goal tender, the greatest human being on the face of the earth,
the fact is if they're not going to be here, who cares what's going to happen the next three years after this year?
Who gives a flying crab?
And then this morning we get hit.
I mean, just belted right between the eyes with this Mickey Erison and Wayne Crab.
Now don't we have that in the thing still here about where Wayne and where do we have that thing where Wayne was?
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here.
Yeah, okay. So Wayne has already made it very abundantly clear that even if Howard tomorrow, if we give him like 500,
billion dollars and we built him a state of the art facility that like gold in every seat,
gold and suppositories for your hemorrhoids under every seat just in case he still wouldn't play there.
Now he says that he won't play and date.
Are we starting to get the message hockey fans? Are we starting exactly?
Speaking of hemorrhoids and suppositories, you don't need either one because there's already that finger right in that slot.
Just put your finger in the slot, baby.
Yeah, that's right. He says that Barring, it says in a hero today in this article about the arena,
barring a near miraculous development, the hockey club will either be put up for sale or begin making plans to move to another locale by the end of the month.
Well, what locale are we talking about? And you know, pickers up there in Palm Beach.
You think that we're going to drive up the Palm Beach to watch a hockey game or a basket volume?
Well, we don't have to worry about basketball because Mickey Ererson is the, there is the villain.
I've been telling you that the last few weeks when we find out what's really going on here and how Mickey Ererson is desperately trying to get the Panthers out of town
because he don't want no competition because he can't really give you a good team.
He got you an expensive coach with some slicked down here, but he can't buy a good team.
So he's just going to try to do it with mirrors and shove everybody else out.
He says, hey, wait, I'll give you a little dose of your own business.
It's called muscling out the competition.
And today he says, I don't think we need an arena partner.
I think it's probably simpler to work on an arena without a partner.
So all this bull crap we've been fed for the last several months now about, yeah, they're going to really get together
and they're going to do what's best for everybody and it's good business and they're going to build one up there by the day,
Broward Line, right by Joe Robbie's day.
You're all full of crap because something like that never happens here.
The only thing and by the way, Bob Rubin, you're full of pus, okay?
Because you know, if this wasn't a Bush Lake town, how come before, how come before the hurricane started being number one all the time?
They used to have 15, 18,000 people in the Orange Bull.
He won a plate Notre Dame and how come when they have been number one last 10 years most of the time?
If they're not playing FSU or Florida or Notre Dame, they have like 40,000 empty seats over there.
And this is a major league town. Get out of here. You're full of crap, Bob.
You bald-headed geek. You fool.
And thanks to Dave Hyde for, you know, justifying what I've been saying for years about Larry King in his column this morning.
It says, when you're right, you're right and Neil Rogers has been right for years on what a fraud Larry King is. How do you like that?
Dave Hyde, finally, it gets to it, okay?
He says King doesn't do interviews. He does commercials for Johnny Cochran and company.
And by this point, anybody duped into believing King has credibility on anything deserves to be as induped.
Call me 50 dollars.
Yeah, call me this.
That a boy, Dave. Well, one out of two ain't bad. Okay, Dave Hose got Dave Hyde and that bald-headed geek on every Thursday night.
I thought Ruben like maybe had a little bit of sense, but he's just a glib.
Another one of these typical Harold shields, you know? He's just another wannabe.
He's a guy that pretends he's like in a big league town and he's just in his bush league place.
Stop pretending, Bobby. Okay, it's just a goddamn big pasture with a bunch of illegal aliens in it.
Sports palace on the bay on Bicentennial Park. That's a nice neighborhood, too, by the way.
If you think the arena is nice and safe and in real good neighborhood, just wait till you get over to Bicentennial Park. That's beautiful.
How do you get there, by the way?
Can anybody explain to me how you get there by like a hydropane?
By blimp and by helicopter.
Not by road certainly. Maybe we just still park down by the arena.
Maybe Tony that knows the marino will still honor my parking pass and we just walk over to the arena.
Unbicentennial Park. That's not a bad walker from the present Miami arena to Bicentennial Park.
That's a nice safe walk about 630 at night. No problem.
What a maniac. A new arena in Bicentennial Park.
And the city of Miami October 26 will consider setting aside pace in a place where a new arena could be built of a deal comes together.
The five acre site is on the northeast corner of a port expansion plan that could bring four new cruise ship terminals.
See, that's all this is all about. Everything is involved with those damn cruise ships of his or he's ripping off the public something fierce and has been for years and making a billion dollars.
So let's build an arena right down here by cruise ship so we can put it all nice neat package you get it together.
And we can get all those fools off the cruise ships and maybe they'll go to a heat came because I guarantee you if he builds the arena there nobody else will.
But you can go to the bank on that. Let me say it again all Panther fans avoid the heat like the plague.
Because it's Mickey Erison. It's trying to take away our play toy. Okay.
Wayne's a piece of dirt. No question about that. But he's he's dynamite compared to Mickey Erison.
He's trying to take away our Panthers, baby. And I say a box on your ass Mickey Erison. Okay. You got it. You got it.
Tell me 50 dollars. 1013 at W I O D.
Rough darkness and insidious forces working to doom the future of all South Florida radio stations except one at 610 W I O D.
Nor did a hundred new people a day moved to South Florida and every one of them has been offered a choice.
Listen all day to 610 W I O D. I'll be shipped back to Waterloo. They've seen Waterloo. They're listening.
It works like this. Listener you're out of here. And thank you from use talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D.
Hey asshole. What word did you say? Cross-dressing men. They're everywhere you look these days. In movies, TV, and magazines.
And now there's a place that lets men open their closets to a whole new world of possibilities. It's Victor's Secret.
Yeah, listen, I'm looking for a tasteful boostier. And I can read it in your office.
Victor's Secret. Founded by Victoria's older and much prettier brother is the place to cast aside the hung drum world of Levi's and loafers and enter the magical realm of Gucci's and Garda Belts.
Hey, tell me the truth. Now does the hair on my back look okay? Stick it out of this tube top.
And don't worry if you're a little shy. At Victor's Secret will help you test the waters with halfway fashions like lace panties with suspenders.
Buttons, lie tetties and sexy preserves with the logo of your favorite team. Give me a San Jose Sharks prop. Say it's 46.008.
Yep, no doubt about it. When you put your hands on our panties, you'll discover Victor's Secret.
Oh, how easy down here, man. Victor's Secret, the feminine fashion boutique that lets you become all the man. Nobody will work.
1017 to W.I.D. Look at that phone. We're off to a rousing start again here this morning, man. They're really worked up about all this stuff. 751 W.I.D. and Dade 524 W.I.D. and Brown 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 in Palm Beach and etc.
And so on in the green line in the yellow lines. And you know what? Here's a picture of a Robert Kardashian and O.J. Secretary the morning after the killing standing outside, consoling each other.
And here's a picture of that garment bag of O.J., which is sitting down there just bursting at the seams, obviously loaded with good stuff. But nobody ever found out what was inside and where to hell it all went.
Which is kind of interesting. Also the thing about a prison guard overhearing O.J. Sabai did it during the jailhouse meeting with Rosie Greer. But nobody ever heard about that because it would violate his right to privacy.
Okay, good point. 751 W.I.D. and Dade. So I guess it's going to be an all day Luis Miguel concert honor of his show tonight, huh?
Because they are going to call for nothing this morning. Palm Beach on a purple line. Hello. That would be Palm Beach a sweet revenge having you to have to drive up to Palm Beach.
Ain't going to happen man. Nobody's going to drive it up there to go to a hockey game. Why would you care? You got a beautiful new purple vet. Yeah. So what about it?
I can explain the blood on O.J. Bronco. Yeah. He hit Ben Varene on a Pacific coast highway. Yeah. Watch out. Are you sure it was Ben Varene? Positive.
Okay. And it's in the little train, right? Okay. Get out of here. 751 W.I.D. and Dade. 524 W.I.D. and Broward AT&T wireless pound I.O.D. 2 green lines 1 800 944 9463. Here is a lot of day of lakes. Hello. Yeah. No. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Yeah. You're 100% correct. Stay away from them. Damn. No good. Yeah. Also. I was just out. What?
Yeah. Yeah. I was just out. Carolina in June. Yeah. And I started up my car. Yeah. And I switched on the radio and hit my presets station. Oh, yeah. And you had a Hollywood Toyota commercial on. Yeah. I got it all the way in South Carolina.
Yeah. We're big up there in South Carolina. Yeah. Yeah. They're getting lynched. My buddy right now. Okay. Bell. Hey, look. Can I get a request? Okay. How about someone dig me up? Elvis Presley. I'm going to dig me up. Okay, Belly. Okay. Dig this. Look at that phone this morning. I thought yesterday we got off to rather slow start. This is just shocking and disturbing and grotesque. Nobody's got anything to say about this great idea that Mickey Harrison has screwing us over and says, Hey, listen, I don't really know. Not serious about working with Wayne. Who?
He needs a partner anyway. I'm going to stick my own thing down here at Bison, Teniel Park right by my my cruise ships. Nobody gives a crap about that. I think fat Hank is right. Nobody cares about the fact this is a lame duck team. And it's going to be the last season for the Panthers because Wayne's going to wind up selling a franchise. You can almost go to the bank on that right now. Nobody gives a flying crap. Nice going guys. Nobody cares. They got another thousand goddamn Panther pack seats. So they're having to get like almost $2,000 $9 seats to try to put some asses on the seat over there. Nobody gives a crap.
524 W I O D in Broward Purple Line pound I O D. It's going to be all the way. Miguel all day to get you ready for this weekend, baby 1021 at W I O D. 610 W I O D. The edge gets sharper every day. It's Friday. You best. What is this show? Roll? Roll what? Roll your boat. Rollanda. Rollanda. Rollanda. What a puke show. This is man. Another one of these. They got 8,000 talking heads.
The same guy Dan people with different clothes and makeup on all these shows. How many other people are sitting around not working all goddamn day long? 1025 at W I O D. Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Let me say it again. A mobile in for Lauderdale.
I want to put me on medicine to lower the cholesterol. No way. 24 points and 20 is not that bad 240 in exactly like life threatening. Right. That's my point. The trigotorides went from 150 to 70. Well, you know what you need? You need a doctor. You need a real doctor. Not an asshole like that. Yeah, I can't believe that. I'm serious, but you won't do it. You need to find a good doctor. Well, maybe that's what I'm going to do, but I want more questions. Just wait. Really start to drop slowly after those first two or three weeks. It depends.
I can't tell you how much you have to lose. Well, another 1015. Well, it's going to be slow. OK, well, at the lowest I've ever been in 20 years. So that makes me feel pretty good. Well, there you go. But people still don't believe when you tell them about that. You know something. If they don't believe it, screw them. OK, just stick with it and keep doing the right thing. That's what I'm doing. OK, pal. Good luck. Yeah, when you feel good and you're doing great. It's like yesterday. I go to my mother's which I don't I don't know if I'm ever going to eat another meal there again. OK. And then she always gives me this balloon. Well, just eat what you want. I'm not going to eat.
Not forcing anything. She gives. She has a roast, which was very good. You know, some roast beef and she's got broccoli and she's got additional walnut. She's got to have 17 different carbohydrates on the table, which I don't want. And she's got the book there. OK, she's got the book. She's handed for two, three months now an extra copy of the Edkins book. So what does she have with the meat? She's got parsnips. Well, first of all, who even ever heard of parsnips? OK. Oh, they're not potatoes. They're parsnips. So, you know, they're OK. They basically have no
taste anyway. They're like kind of putting mushroom in your mouth. And so I finished with this and I sit down. I open up the Edkins book and I look under the vegetable list next to sweet potatoes. What vegetable has the highest number of grams of carbohydrates parsnips? One tablespoon as 18 grams for a tablespoon. You know, how much a tablespoon is of any of a vegetable? Yeah, right. Like your thumb. It's kind of like, you know, it's like she's working overtime just to make sure I don't succeed just to make sure I don't lose too much weight. So I can keep
wearing these old Jew baggy pants of mine and walk around like a big slob. OK. And this has been going on all of my life. I'm 50 almost 53 years old. And she's doing air. Well, I'm doing the best I can. Right to screw it up for me, bitch. Do I say bitch? That's right. Open line and date 751, one on a purple line, pound IOD, one on the blue line, 524 and 200 green lines. Awful week start here this morning. I thought people would be psychotic about this damn Mickey thing. Mickey, my good friend Mickey Harrison with his goddamn cruise ships.
Which you can stick the whole port of Miami right up his ass. Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. Hey, Neil, I think I got the whole thing figured out. Follow me and tell me how close I am. Ruben is right, man. This is a great town. This is a real sports down right tomorrow morning. We're going to be here tomorrow morning. We're going to wake up and read about a taudry affair between Mickey, Aaron's and Jerry Jones. Yeah. And where the visa was when he comes out for the next game. We're going to find Dion. And then Dion's going to carry to Panthers clear to the. OK, we have an open line and date 751, one on a blue line, five, two, four, one on a purple.
This is my last time. I'm going to queue up Louise right now. OK, you don't want to play the game today. How folks? That's OK. I'm feeling great. I thought it was just going to be we've had a real piece of cake week here. No problem at all. No problem at all. But boy, if there's one day during the week that these people, you don't want to let you off the hook and ain't going to happen. It's just ain't going to happen. There's got to be at least one day during the week or they're not happy. What the hell is that? I don't know what this is. What happened to my Louise? There he is eight o'clock tonight, night center tonight, tomorrow Sunday night, which we still never heard anymore about.
That Sunday, whether it's sold out or not because again, we can't hear from nothing because we're out of contact with everybody and I got a laugh yesterday. I get home and I'm calling up. Remember I'm calling up this one. Well, you know, next time you want some information call this one. I call that one right. Right. It was just a big song and an answer about the goddamn beazer, which who gives a crap? OK. The most popular player on the team because that's the only name they know. They don't know any of the other players. That's all so it's the beazer. Plus they like saying that it's the beazer and they're all screaming in the Ellen and I got news for if it's Patrick's better than he is.
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, I'm sorry. My phone is kind of getting back here. I may have to switch phones and call you back. You hear me? I hear you. OK. I was kind of surprised at what you said about Montel Williams show because in the last couple of months in one of the magazines. There was a picture of him. His beautiful blonde wife and he is a blonde wife. Yes. And they're new.
Baby. Well, you know, he's very light, complex to two. So maybe time out of magazine magazine or put his ass on a cover and blackened it up. Yeah, I was surprised that they were all he had on one side. Oh, yeah, he was doing a real. I mean, almost like a race war right on TV yesterday. And then the one woman started trying to explain to her opinion. No, you're here to talk about race. Don't you know that? And I was she wasn't getting everybody whipped up. Yeah, because I mean, I'm I'm saying, just you are. Yeah, I'm 52. Yeah. And I was born and raised here.
Without prejudice. And I have dated black man. I'm blonde and Caucasian. Yeah. And so when I saw the picture, I didn't think anything about it. But every time I see a picture of a famous black man, almost everyone on his white white. There you go. Did you know that Sydney 48? Sydney, with the white wife. Yeah, Joanna Simfist. Yes. Joanna. Yeah. Oh, the guy that's the musician that married. I think you want to rate Charles have white wives.
But of course, how could they tell you know, right? There's there's a bunch of but when you said that about Montel, I about fell over. Yeah, well, he's, you know, thank God, he don't want to exploit anything. You know, I'm saying. That's right. And you have a great day. Okay. Thank you. Okay. See, open line and date 7519 463 751 W. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I
I. I. I.
lots of on-sold tickets islander sunday
here's my me hello
my me
or they bad today man are they bad are they bad are they dumb
are they slow
are they preoccupied with bill crap like trying to make a living yeah let's go
pal
what's the problem here what's the story every time i hear you have you never
have any callers
i give you a call because i hardly give you a call because the lines are always
so busy
oh yeah right
town is dead you know bob rubin is so full of crap it's coming out of every
poor in his body i thought he was a pretty decent guy he's just a bull
crap artist he's just another shill
this is a big league town this is bush league and so are you god damn bob
rubin this is not this is a joke
you know many times i contemplate on leaving Miami yeah
quite a bit right no but anyway like i always say that you know you always
complain that you don't have any call that's right your board's always full no
it is not
i got the two green lines sitting there right now palm beach they don't care about
any of this they don't give a crap
but now i thought they don't care they love driving all the way down to Miami
to go to a god damn game they just love that thought they don't want to
have you know just drive like up to maybe westbroward right off the
sawgrass in twenty five minutes god forbid they do that
they don't care about anything in palm beach but now you can understand
i'm going to be in professional rednecks and older Jews
sports is the only uh... business that can abuse it's it's it's it's
time but you they're running out of a patient still the patrons do not show
it up exactly getting pissed off you thought what happened with baseball
they're basically giving the tickets away right still people still not going
that's right that these people better wake up before they go out of business
about screw them but uh... no what i'm what i was going to call you about
was i thought we're going to
uh... it was over it's over let's get on with our lives these people don't want
to talk about anything though but oj do that and every time i'm flipping
they don't want to talk about anything period here today
yeah well i'm you know i'm putting in my my my two cents that every time
flipping through the through the you know the remote it's a sickness i've been
telling this for months it's a sickness with the american public man and you i
i couldn't believe he has to them flip it around a channel looking for a
newscaster for something and every show every one of these talking head shows
every one of these so-called news tabloid shows
day in date and hard copy of soft copy every show that's on his old jane
enough again and you know what i flip it up i can't i can't just got all mighty
you can only watch them which of that garbage before you get saturated just
become disinterested but you got to understand the majority of people have no
uh... no life and that's all they can do is watch these shows and they they get
some some uh... enjoyment i'll let him go to the shop the strip shopping mall
or something for quite a lot do something exciting let him get in the
having outing and also one more thing i got a compliment you that uh... from
i remember when uh... you made this appearance and this came baby though like
about eight years ago so i got a pretty yeah you were a blimp back then yeah
and i saw you uh... i was a big fat slob that's right exactly like about a
year and a half ago or something like that over at uh...
the uh... the stadium for uh... football game you do you know i'm pretty good
i lost a lot more weight and that's a lot of weight that's right i've lost like
almost a person but you guys still got thirty pounds to go me doesn't want you to
get to your goal that that's my point and that's why i'm not eating anymore meals
i'll send no i'm sure it's outside of that check once a month i don't need to go
over there and have her keep putting stuff on the table and go through this
i don't know what to think i will just cut the crap you got the book right
there okay opening up and reading stop putting parts he puts parsnips on the
guide you have even here a parsnips i've never heard of parsnips
something out of a guy named Allison wonderland book or something parsnips
well how many more pounds you have before you reach a goal about thirty
that's it you're almost there yeah i'm almost there you're almost there and you're
something i got's i hate to tell you this because it's like a dom del wistory i
got so aggravated with the parsnips out because i was i've been having a good
week this week and i just said okay this day is ruined i went out on the way home i
ate a candy bar stopped at the gas station i went and got a candy bar
and then last night before i watched the penguins get beat by whoever the hell
they played i went out and got two pints not one but two pints of Ben and Jerry's
ice cream and ate them both oh man yeah incredible how do you like that
but i took a half a diabetes pill my blood sugar this morning was 96 which is fine
and life will go on and i'll get back on it now exactly you you get off screwed up my
whole day yesterday one day a week every week has to be screwed up because she
pretends she faints stupidity okay she pretends she don't know i don't want all
those vegetables ma i don't want those nuts okay take your nuts and shove them honey
oh man all right take it easy okay all these people try to ruin your
god then they can't stand success and you know i don't know why because if i
really succeed then she realizes how fat she is and believe me real fat
oh my last announced this year i'm on at the weight watchers i'm on at whatever the hell she's on
drugs i think drugs for old people parsnips my ass i'm serious i just i went ballistic
when i looked in that book and she's got the book sitting right there
it's got more i could have eaten a whole baked potato with butter on it and had less
carbohydrates than you know like three tablespoons of parsnips parsnips and they suck they taste like
mosh ma god every time you just start making a little progress somebody gets in your way
that fucking bitch
the opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on wi-o-d you're not necessarily those of
the station or its sponsors all wi-o-d programs are copyright 1995 by wi-o-d
incorporated no tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior
to consent of wi-o-d incorporated packwood can't keep his packer in his pants
take me out to see oh jake take me out to the trial finally some ice cream and watching melt
we'll know how they call and run called and sell causes root root root for that hero
maybe with the churries insane
i'll just one two three set your date in the old jame
ten forty two a w-w-w-n if you look at wains push there on a front page of the heroly says he
will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami well guess what Wayne you do own a team that
plays in downtown Miami so what's the message what's the message the message basically is he's
gonna sell the team we're gonna lose the pathers they're going bye bye so just prepare yourselves for
that okay if you're a hockey lover like i am you better get out there for every damn game you can
because this is it this is the finale we had three years well like two and a half years if
account lasts the short and season and that's it and bob rubin sits back and says he has no
patience with people who call us a bush league town well it is so you have no patience with
people who tell the truth bob you can't handle the truth okay you're a blue sky you're a bull crap
artist because you got to convince yourself oh yeah we got four and a half million people big deal if
Joe robby wouldn't have gone out there and got his own financing and built your robby stadium there
would be nothing here there'd be nothing here there'd be no dolphins there'd be no marlins there'd
be no heat there'd be no panthers there'd be nothing zero zippity doodah but it's a big league town
make no mistake about that every other big league town in the country Chicago the united center
Boston the fleet center Washington their building they got that new arena downtown
everywhere else where they have a basketball and a hockey team they work together and they either either
either privately or with the some public funding or however the hell they did it they managed to
build a beautiful new arena and work together and get it done because that just makes sense
but here we got two stubborn rich guys and one of them the the boat guy the cruise guy he wants to
push the other one out he don't want no competition he says hey wait i'll beat you to your own game
you've been pushing the guys out for years now all your competitors i'm going to do the same with you
take your pocket team and shove it okay send a Nashville just get them out of here as if those of
us who go to the hockey games are going to go see the heat you're in dreaming baby take your heat
and stick them take that basketball and stick it to put it in your reinies but it's a big league
city man we know how to get things done right i guess these people haven't been here long enough i
guess Rubin has Alzheimer's he doesn't remember back in those days when the city of Miami kept
insisting that they were going to renovate the orange bull they were going to build a new stadium
in downtown i mean joe robby says hey if you're a businessman we don't want to stay
to him down here okay right where i'm building it right at the county line that's where you build it
okay right off the goddamn expressway with its own exit right off the turnpike so people can
drive right in there that's the way it didn't joe robby did it right for all the pieces of crap
that he may have been he did it right but it's a big league town yeah we got big league crime
and big league video real disease here's for a lot of the hello hey how you doing okay sir good to
head see the game last night what game is that got worked by the black car you i saw that yeah
pretty a week pet the well you know it was one of those go ahead one of those games when it just
wasn't gonna have they kept hitting the post and uh... public view yeah they just uh...
three shots right on the goal and yeah just one of those nights when any the eagle pulled it out of
his ass and they that won't happen again soon no anyway that's all the guy went to the game wins
the night yeah great game and six goals i don't think the uh...
i wonder if i wonder if mr big league bob ruin was it the game one tonight
not mister hot shot i don't think so we know a hockey puck from a come quad that was my like
second hockey game and yeah great well you better go catch a bunch of them go into and uh...
listen to the flu season so you can get your flu shot
there you go all right on the street right now man they care you like to pal yeah give my flu shot
we go back like last year all over again give me real sick we have an open line and
proud fine i don't think that would happen again though you know i think if i got it this year i'd be
okay because since i've been on the atkins i haven't been sick once just when i come in here of course
but i mean other than that uh you know that's probably just a coincidence though don't you think
i'm telling you this the atkins thing should be so big it should be just gigantic it should be
instead of oj which is just a bunch of repetitive crap they should be doing the atkins diet on tv
and all these talking it shows every day and saving people's lives and getting rid of diabetes and
helping people like live long and be healthy and feel good but no they don't want to do that because
nobody wants to hear about that it's not exciting enough there's no blood murder and blood shit involved
in it open-minded broward county let's go let's fill up airby guy damn line we won't talk to you but
let's fill up up anyway five two four w i o d dammit you lazy miserable i don't i can't believe that
they don't care about this bob rubens right this is really a big league town you don't give a crap
if they're here fine if they're not here that's okay and you can take the heat and shove them too
and you can take the dolphins and blow them out your ass okay whatever you say here's a mobile in
Miami hello a meal what's up how you doing sir i bet one thing i don't understand a red in the
paper where where i think that says that uh two thirds of the of the populations cut off if his
state if the stadium is filled up ninety seven percent what the hell does he care if two thirds
if the stadium was one third full i would say okay he has a point yeah what what the hell i mean
if if you can get ninety-seven percent with supposedly just the third of the population
the hell does he care you know if somebody really wants to be the guy's not getting ninety-seven
percent this year not dying on divine because secondly huh because they're in limbo i mean
part of it i don't think no i don't buy that i i still say if that was at the day you know the
Morton brothers years ago gave that land to Joe Robbie where the stadium is now that lake
Lucerne they gave all that acres and acres of land and he built a stadium there and when Wayne
bought all of that he owns all of that they got enough land there to build a beautiful state
of the art arena right next to the stadium which is that's how they do it in Philly they got
the vet right next to the uh right to the arena there that's what you do it it would be perfect
i'd be ideal but of course wind doesn't have the money and of course Mickey don't want to go in
on it because he's a selfish piece of crap and he's going to do his own thing and don't want no
partner and really wants to do everything i've told you this for weeks and people got very angry
about it Mickey Ererson wants to push the panthers out of town yeah but i think mcgierson has the
same situation where his inga has where he is all he's got that land by carnival crews or by the
terminals of him he wants all these crap in one place and i think who's gonna who's gonna go over
there how they're gonna get there oh that's a good point how do you drive there how do you get how do
you get 18 20 thousand people over in that area how do you get there i guess he'll he'll uh he'll
helicopter helicopter that's right we're all gonna go on the cruise ship that's it
that's it all right Neil have a great day yeah we're gonna go on into cruise ship and when you come
back losing all your money gambling out there then you come back into bringing to a basketball game
all right boy oh boy you know see this is the problem we don't have the the major uh
corporate sponsors in this town even if they do build you mean we don't have that like they
didn't Chicago and in Boston that's number one and number two we don't have people that have any kind
of i mean it's one thing to be a good businessman i understand that nobody wants to go into a
losing proposition but we just don't have that benevolent Santa Claus guy we thought we had it
turned out to be a bald headed geek all we got are a bunch of greedy selfish egotistical maniacs
and uh they're not gonna do anything that's right you can smell it you can sniff it you just
know it it ain't gonna happen they're gonna stick it to us and you know something life will go on
as much as i love hockey as much as i love the panthers as much money as i spend on extra tickets
this year as much as i try to promote and get everybody out there you know something somehow we
manage all those years without them and will somehow survive after they leave you know what i'm saying
we say news we mean business
we're closing the heaviest restrictions to travel to Cuba by Cuban Americans academics clergy and
students Jennifer Rims up mass news the days on news talk and entertainment radio
610 W I O D
when i think i
say it's stupid 1054 W I O D two open lines and day where some people were obviously very impatient
because they have a full rich busy life 751 W I O D let's do a mobile in Miami hello
nail yes sir how you doing okay it's a 26 year latino male caller yes and i'm calling to let you know
that i am leaving my tummy because i hate it down here Melissa and i great this is really uplifting
everybody's called to tell us they're bailing out and we're all here we're all stuck yeah we back
next week i'm only going on vacation oh i see where you going New York i'm gonna go see uh i want
to see a Broadway play it it's somebody told me kids of the spider woman was a real good play yeah
so i'll be going for a week but i'll be back you're going to New York
sir okay he's gone we have an open line of day it's like that was uh there was the end of it that
was it okay great calls here this morning by the way this is a big league city baby just called Bob
Rubin at the year old he'll tell you he has very little patience for anybody who says it's
anything other than that who tells the truth here's pop an obi chill oh oh nail yes sir
yeah i need uh maybe you know this on i've been looking i'm on that diet oh god yeah and i've
been looking at the you know when i look at the carbohydrates when they say total carbohydrate
huh do they mean total in the whole can or the whole thing total per serving whatever the serving
is okay that's what it means oh okay per serving per serving okay and i've uh i've done pretty good
on it and i heard that guy yes they said his cholesterol went up yeah uh my and went down since in
two months from two fifteen to two oh five beautiful and i went from two oh five two hundred five
pounds down one hundred eighty five now great so uh that's all i got keep it up pal all right thank you
okay open line of brown or five two four yeah the cholesterol isn't going to like drop a hundred
points in a week i mean it you know in fact mine stayed the same that first blood test what do i
care it's not bad but my triglycerides dropped from over three hundred is to what was it 66
what else wrong with that here's a mobile in key west hello hey how you doing okay sir hey uh i
agree with you on the arena and everything that's ridiculous um i got the chance to hear the city
manager talk to us these are odio odios yes odios yeah if if they come back and say my
Emmy has no money uh you could say well mr odios says that there are ahead one billion dollars
in their bank account right now they got like a pray rating so you know i don't know where they're
coming up with uh oh my oh well first well why should the city my number one why should the city
build it anyway and number two where are they going to build it are they're going to go building
it downtown and then wait until i'm not going to play there anyway hey stranger things have happened
in my Emmy city meetings right because i heard what mr odios said last night on the news no
say ir al baño or dale cuerta a mi relobe yeah uh uh wine this Caesar okay isn't that what
brood has said wine this Caesar all right okay good luck to us pal you too yeah go panthers while
we still got you baby let's see we got less 41 unless we've had two so they're 39 home games left in
the history of the Florida panthers that's so we're gonna have to like have the big countdown this
season you better grab onto every one because each one is like another tick off of our you know
I'm saying it's like what oh j had those numbers on a wall counting down the days here's a mobile
in pop it'll be chill oh hello Neil okay yeah 37 pounds three months 37 pounds
oh fantastic i had a couple questions though why of course you probably don't have a mother that's
feeding you parsnips how do you even know what that is oh yeah see there you go she's the only
person in america could find parsnips because it's loaded with carbohydrates bitch uh no uh why
is caffeine the book really doesn't explain why because the message up your metabolism man don't
even ask any questions don't even think about taking it all right another
caffeine free soda caffeine for everything you a decaf coffee no caffeine okay no wonder i
risk you all i i reach out of a plant though where you know it's tough to i need about another 20
more pounds well it'll it'll come the other thing is what does it hurt if you
there's screw you up if you continue with very very low carbohydrate you don't want to continue
too low are you doing are you doing the keto sticks yeah well you don't want it dark purple because
then you're going to get like a gout and you're going to do kidney damage and it's not a good idea
for long term okay just be patient don't we're almost not down in a day okay just be patient
well maybe i can eat some Benagery ice cream or something there you go once in a great while man
i have no regrets it was pretty damn good just stay away from the parsnips okay all right okay good
luck yeah open line of day seven five one i mean if you're gonna cheat at least eat something that
tastes good like english toffee crunch man that was that is good i got no guilt feelings i'm not like
i don't feel like don deloise hey i went off i was pissed off she screwed up my thing yesterday
so i figured hey it's a lost day i might as well enjoy something good and i did not got on the
scale this morning there was no change from yesterday so i don't feel like my life has changed
because i did little binge one day okay now what's what he bringing for lunch today by the way
steak from where is that gonna happen or not as far as i know as far as we know
Greenwich village he's bringing in from Greenwich village well i'll never get here in time
here's a bokeh on the purple line hello
oh they slow are they slow and just ponderous and confused yes turn that radio off buddy
it's off man okay man i learned our job and looking at the same time yeah this is all bumper
sticker day yeah they're looking we're new adventure in the town yeah if i looking up your ass
is that what it said i can believe it later okay we have an open line and uh so it said looking
for a adventure in space looking Uranus open line and a purple line pound iod and uh or just pound
this the progressive alternative to schlock fm rock so what kind of question is that WIOD
my m e ford lotter day news talk and entertainment radio six ten w i o d
changes voice even my mother even my mother i said past the past lips and shut up
uh even she recognized that he wasn't even doing a voice and yet some of those people who called in
i'm not saying many thank god but some of them and one guy says young guy well i'm having a tough
time believing this is really yeah right no that was no j sims and i was filled yesterday i'm
oh j sims and how do you like that you want to talk to me okay i did it first of all and number two
i'm not sorry and number three i'm arrogant and obnoxious open line on the green line one eight hundred
nine four four nine four six three one eight hundred nine four four and he just makes it more ridiculous
and more ridiculous and more ridiculous and there's still that element out there man who are just so
stupid that no matter if you held up a billboard and said it's just a joke well come on oh j what did
you just say here's Wellington hello Wellington how is that possible how is that possible how is it
possible for there to be so many assholes in one place yeah what is that is there the guy falling
the well is he in a barrel or is he just a total asshole let's go to a lady in Miami hello
oh wait a minute oh i'm i'm just punching all over the place hello
yes come on in the morning
hey you surely have a nice joke what is it i'm from my of in Cincinnati and i'm down well that's
unfortunate it's a horrible city no it is oh it's a disgusting place no it is i'd rather be dead
than being Cincinnati you crazy no i'm not maybe crazy but that that much i know for a fact why
because it blows so disgusting it's like a bastion of Nazism oh great but anyway yes i want
a allergy speaking of the diet book do you know for i could find one uh Cincinnati would be good
open line and date don't put any old farts on here today man i'm not in the mood for craggie old
farts that all sound like they got infecimo okay open line and date 751 w i o d we got one over
there on a green line if you're in Palm Beach and under the age of a hundred which is highly
unlikely 1 80944 w i o d did no way i could get a bucket yeah look under a rock okay go out on a tree
on a backyard maybe there's a bookstore right next to your house okay that's nice and convenient
so we don't have to go too far here's a deer field beach hello Neil yes sir i am so attached and
i love the panther so much but i'm ready to kiss him goodbye man i'm i got i got to read something
here i was just digging through my old uh when the first season before the uh season tickets
they they had a promo brochure and i think you might find this interesting uh if you have just a
moment okay i got a moment okay this is in the purple three hours and okay here it says the games
will be at the Miami arena until the panther's new arena is finished in the astral right
no no no no they left that part out well okay buying seats well no not necessarily buying
season tickets this year will guarantee your right your right to buy season tickets for the same
seats in the Miami arena as long as the panthers play there yeah the new arena will be a state of the
art not it might be not it could be not it it you know depending on on public fun well he lies a lot
it says yeah well you can't you can't well okay it says the new arena will be a state of the art
one of a kind facility it will be ready as soon as possible hopefully by the panthers third season
when the panthers transfer to the new arena there will be a new seed assignment and the panthers
will attempt to keep the locations as similar as part of right just like they did in the stadium right
when most of the people got screwed well however architecturally the new arena will be radically
different from the Miami arena so for example a 20th of the book okay and then but everyone who gets
ticket orders postmarked by June 12th and remains a season ticket holder yeah automatically get
priority for seating in the new arena and we'll have preference overall all news season ticket
buyers and I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Howard Conny would
change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility I will not play here yeah Neil
yes what about false advertising the man lies a lot so what about it well the more money you got
the more you're allowed to lie don't you understand that false advertising come on pal you were
born yesterday Neil yes I mean well no but I mean it's just yes you put out something like that
and very easily because there's a sucker born every minute have a great day pal he wants me to like
you're going to argue about something they wrote three years ago have a good life buddy I'll see
it to your arena man if it's still there open line on the blue line 5249 463 524 if the Morton
brothers wouldn't have given Atlanta to your Robbie I'm telling you right now and you can call Bob
Ruben that they're all to tell him this that ball hit it geek there would be no dolphins here okay you
can go to the bank you can bet your life on it but hey it's a real big league town and we know how
to get our stuff done man we really know how to get our crap together right whatever you say okay I
believe you I bite because I'm real gullible like this last guy because I read it in a brochure
somewhere then it must be true it's false advertising I'm going to take him to court how do you like
that I'm going to tell you something right now and I save it here's Miami hello Uncle Neil
yes sir good morning sir when is DS amigo come on stop come on Vauji well I'll tell you that
game the other day was just fantastic 6 1 unbelievable it was multibandee right the best the Canadian's
battered we were the great Canadian's got beat by Tampa Bay last time continuing their Florida they
just searching for points in Florida they can't get arrested in Florida well I tell you if it's
Patrick was really a great a great goal I mean we're watching and we we we took the Panther pack
and of course we never made it to the top because it was funny room when we kept on fighting there
you go and then we're good we came down to see it between two and three but we couldn't find
in 125 well I don't know how because I was right there and I never got up and left and departed I
may have going to take a leak but that was all the games the lines are wind out it I want to thank
you for that paper from legends of the fall this is the fruittake the god at the last time really
enjoyed it very much and we're looking forward to going to the islanders game not this Sunday because
I'm still a dolphin fan so I think we got a conflict with I saw on the schedule they gave us
another one coming up with a great idea of a conflict well the game is just four the dolphins yeah yeah
well yeah that's true because of the uh with 7 30 still 7 30 5 on Sunday I don't know I think it's
probably a six o'clock game I was six oh five yeah so we're you know I'm missing the so you have to
see the whole dolphin game core the dolphins playing this week oh boy I'm in there playing New Orleans
no yeah well hey listen Bernie stands at chance against the saints maybe that's my point the dolphin
should be so far ahead by the third quarter don't be making excuses man we need every ass in the seat
now I took my fifth mama down and she really had a great time and just to let you know for my
birthday my brother sent me the Actions cookbook from up north because I told him about the
diet hopefully he's got an original book and old gordo up there is on it is taking care of it yeah
but it really is great and we enjoy it okay pali okay guy but you up a little you got it yeah
open line and date like I said I want to talk to no old people no faggot snow white people no black
people no or yells I'm sorry Asian people 11 13 nothing I'm prejudiced or anything I just
am not in a mood to talk to that the group of people okay and any of those other groups I don't
want to talk to no Indians I don't want to talk to no like uh Escamos this week we've got a choice
either to believe the Selena case where she says that she was chasing her around with a gun
shooting at her as was an accident or the Menendez brothers who have their parents had supernatural
powers so they had to kill them right or would you go stand in the forest fire with our
pants full of popcorn do you want to do that popcorn yeah right here
Rick and Suds 6 to 10 a.m. on news talk at entertainment radio 610 W I O D
guys
Oh
Moving on.
OK.
J.C.B.A.
Quittal decreases.
Traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's yours, O.J.
Sick black curly hair.
You left the glove and bloody tracks, O.J.C.B.A.
To capture you used to wear.
You're a homicide o'wanko.
Traces of blood all around that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's yours, O.J.C.B.A.
To close your eyes instead of prayer.
They wouldn't find a trace of blood still there.
Tainted photographs,
Time is showing us your true side,
Ripped them both in half.
Now the evidence you can't hide,
Traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA.
Traces of blood that's yours, O.J.
Lemon 18, W.I.D., by the way,
did you know that they had a sworn affidavit
from the prison guard that overheard him confessed to Rosie Grigid?
Did you know they had that?
And then the little judge refused to admit it because it said it would
violate his privacy.
Did you know that?
They had a sworn affidavit.
It wasn't just like kind of a rumor back in the, you know,
they had a sworn affidavit.
He says I swear it, damn it.
He was probably part of the conspiracy though, right?
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Listen, I'd like to ask you something, Neil.
Yes.
Did I hear you mention Italy yesterday?
Did I mention it?
Raving about Italy.
Yeah.
Why would you tell me something about it?
I'm planning a trip.
Well, what do you mean tell you something about it?
I mean, you like it if it grays it, huh?
What do you want me to tell you about it?
Yes, it good.
Is it great?
Is it what?
You know?
What did I say yesterday?
Well, you were very flattering, but I thought perhaps you'd like to tell me something different today.
It's great.
It is great.
Yeah.
But they don't like old people there.
We have two open lines in Broward, 524940.
What is it?
That was the scooting lady.
No, it was not.
Was it?
No, it was not the scooting lady, okay?
And quit farting in there so bad.
He's got such bad gas in there because he's been eating chili dogs from Stan's Deli last two days for lunch.
And that he's a lightened incense.
And I'm not making that up.
He's lighting incense in at control room in here because he's got such bad problems.
Two open lines in Broward.
I'd like to talk to somebody out of the age of 500, by the way, 5249463, 5242, WYOD.
Major gigantic front page story here today.
And it don't bother these folks.
You want to know why because they don't give a crap about anything.
They don't have the passion.
They don't have the passion.
Fones.
Here's Cutlerage.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How the hell are you?
Okay.
A couple things.
Another issue, like a lot of sports.
Yeah.
What about auto racing?
Are you hating?
I'm not a homestead.
You hate it.
Yeah, that's for Rednex.
Okay, well, I guess that answers that.
Two is as far as your diet goes.
You keep saying that you're losing weight.
You're losing weight.
But watch now because you've got down so low that
you've got to start remembering that you're getting more active.
So you're going to gain more muscle mass doing more things.
So we'll start worrying about your inches, not your weight.
My inches ain't going to grow.
I'll tell you that right now.
I mean, I pray for it every day, but it ain't going to happen.
It's too late.
Okay.
Shameless request?
Yes, sir.
I don't know what you all call it, but the one where Hillary and Bill Clinton.
We're looking at 10 inches.
Wow.
What is it now?
About the taxes.
Is it Hillary Clinton when they get into trouble for taxes?
You still got that?
Pay for white water?
Yeah.
No, that's not it.
No.
Are you sure that's it?
Well, I'm not 100%.
Well, how does it go?
Sing me a couple of bars.
It's been so long since I've heard it.
What does it say?
Well, it's just where Hillary Clinton and...
Hey, for white water.
Is that it?
No.
Oh.
No, the one where Hillary and Waste anybody's time with that.
Where Hillary is going to get into...
Go to jail for her taxes and...
Okay.
I'll dig it out, pal.
Thanks.
Let's see.
What is he talking about?
We have an open line in day 751, WIOD, one in Broward, five two, right now.
So what do I do now?
What do I do now, Mr. Hodge-Shot?
About what?
About this piece of copy that's not here.
I just got to your attorney.
Maybe they're right nothing in there.
Fatboy says to me yesterday.
They're phoned downstairs.
I left messages on both of them.
Yeah.
Fatboy yesterday, who's the biggest bull crap artist on the face of the earth, he tells me,
oh, and you got a new cop.
But I guess what, I'll just pull out the sex bitch copy and read that, okay?
Because this account is just constantly a problem for some reason.
Six-ten WIOD.
Assume the position.
Hey, Neil, this is Randy West.
And if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
Yeah, oh, I'm sorry.
1127, I was waiting for the punchline, but it never came, kind of like Randy West.
Openline in day 751, WIOD 1 and Broward 5249463.
They don't care about the arena.
They don't care about their second-tiered away in his Zingab, Mickey Erison, all these people with the money.
If we lose the teams, they don't care.
Life is going to go on.
Somehow this bush league place had existed for years.
There was no basketball team here.
There was no hockey team.
What's upon a time there was even no dolphin team.
And you know something?
Before I got all those sports teams, it was a hell of a lot better than it is now.
Stop and think about that.
Is that a lie?
Is there anybody who would disagree with that?
Before this town got any professional major league sports franchises, South Florida as a whole.
That's within age was a hell of a lot better than it is right now.
It was clean, it was beautiful, it wasn't overrun with illegal aliens and deadbeats.
It was a beautiful place.
It had like a beach.
So Chris Baker, by the way, has got America's number five Nazi in the studio.
They'll go Charlton, the Heston today.
They're going to be doing a Deutschland Uberollas on weekend magazine this weekend.
Boy, oh boy, you talk about birds of a feather flocking together.
Is he still in the building?
No, because I thought I smelled something different.
Maybe what, maybe a word passing, guys, George?
Maybe it was Charlton, the Heston.
God Almighty, you talk about ultra right wing.
And of course, where does he hang out? California, Bob Dornin, all those guys, Dan and Meyer, Pete Wilson.
They never met a Nazi. They didn't like him, California, baby.
But of course, when you're Hercules and God and whatever, and Moses, I mean, you can do whatever now you want.
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
Hey, passion phones with the great last night.
Yeah, what does she do?
What's she on?
What was she on?
She was on mutual masturbation and a porn star who's going to do 300 guys in one movie.
Yeah.
It was the great.
It's best than it's the most, it's the best.
There you go. The price is right.
Exactly. Thank you.
Okay, pal.
There you go. A little plug for the year and summer show eight to midnight Monday through Saturday and WYOD.
We want everybody to listen. Everybody do a get off on it because let's face it.
Even if she is phony as all hell, we wanted to stay on the air just to piss off the AFE and all you right wingers in Charlton Heston too.
I do like that. Keep that sex bitch on forever.
We're not going to cave in here like they didn't Tampa. Oh, we are.
Open line and day seven five one night like they didn't Chicago with Howard taking him off the air up there.
This company caves and all you got to do is like in their face.
Okay, we'll take it out there except me because they have some they have some perverse relationship with me.
It's like an SNM thing.
They just love making my life miserable while we give him a big check.
But let's really let's just torture him.
Let's make him a metal basket case.
Where's that copy by the way in that?
Huh?
It's the same one.
It's the same one. Why?
He didn't turn a new copy. He just extended the other.
No, but that wasn't the old one. That was that was not our copy.
That was not Phil's copy or my copy. That's the night time for the passion bitch about all those adult what that's the same as ours.
See what did I tell you about that guys got one lousy spot and this guy is more problem that goddamn Mitch from video waves.
It must be his fault. Okay.
Because I know high boy never screws anything up and that says it was her fault.
It was not a net's fault and that has never screwed anything up.
We have an open line in date 751. She says she would like to go see Luis Miguel.
What she said too bad. You lose.
Here's a mobile in the mirror. Mar hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir. You're talking about Annabelle.
John.
Who is that?
There was a pictorial in last month's 10 house.
Yeah.
She did 251 guy in one day.
Really?
Yep.
And guess who number 250?
I can't touch that record.
I know. Guess who number 251 was.
Ron Jeremy.
Really?
Yep.
Oh my. Well listen.
Thank God she didn't do to him first because they never would have been number two.
You know what I'm saying?
Because you kind of lose your appetite after that.
You're right. That's all I want to say.
Okay. What do you want to do that for?
Have a great day pal.
We have an open line in Broward 524.
Can you imagine doing Ron Jeremy?
I mean I don't care whether you're female or male or in between or undecided.
Jesus.
At least there's a lot of hair to grab on to anyway if you like that kind of stuff.
Oh man. He has just gruesome.
He is fat. He's like a boy.
He really reminds me a lot of like a younger Al Goldstein.
Not quite that fat and a little more double-jointed.
Here's a lady in Boka. Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes man.
First of all I want to tell you that I think you're probably the most brilliant man on the planet.
Beyond the shadow of a dove.
And the true renaissance man if you like Luis Miguel.
Right.
And I'm under 100.
I'm under 50.
Professional jury.
I think someday you and I may come back in another lifetime and see that it's actually a college degree course.
You know a regular profession.
Right. That's right.
You are schooled in.
Right.
I think that would be ideal.
Did you hear O.J. wants the depositions that he has to give in the civil suit.
He wants them sealed.
Right.
So they won't be public.
And then the attorney for the goldmints is he's never heard of a request like that.
Exactly.
Right.
And of course that also makes you really believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that he's innocent doesn't it?
Oh yeah.
Everything he's doing and saying just contributes it like seals the fate.
I spoke to you right after the verdict.
I'm the one you said was better in martial Clark.
Right.
Remember?
Right.
Of course that could have been anybody.
Well, I was really I rate that thing.
Anyway, this ferricon thing.
Yeah.
Oh, you know, wait a minute, you know who show he's going to be on in a couple of weeks ferricon to get his butt kissed.
Who?
Larry King.
Larry with a long tongue.
Larry's going to have a week ferricon on you.
Larry, I bet you ferricon converts him by the end of that show.
Yeah.
I just want to know who's going to march if one out of three black men are in jail.
I guess you have the two.
And also this is really scary.
Yeah.
And then pull of black males 42 percent didn't have any idea what the million man march was or what they were talking about.
No, that's good.
That's good.
That means there's hope for all of us.
Well, it's just it's little scary.
Okay.
You're a great people.
You're a great, have a good.
See you.
We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the green lines.
Anyway, Brad, the Booker Bell moddies guest this afternoon from five to six on a field Henry show will be Howard Whipperman, president of the Buffalo Club of Florida.
Howard Whipperman.
Yeah, but trust me.
What do you got there in it?
Oh, video waves.
Well, that was a good timing.
Hey, listen, screw him.
Let him sell all those porn videos.
That's what people want anyway.
Open line in Broward 524.
It's ringing now, by the way.
Here's a Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Good.
I just have a couple comments for you.
Okay, number one.
Number one in March, I started the Atkins diet.
Right.
And let's be before I discovered it.
I called you in July to let you know I lost about 40 pounds.
Right.
And you went through your little setback where you weren't losing anything.
Well, I'm still very slow.
And of course, I've been in Jerry's.
No parsnips don't help, but you know, they slow you down a little bit.
Of course, I...
To this date right now, I've lost 66 pounds.
Oh!
Man.
And I'll tell you what.
I've...
The doctor is so amazed.
He had me give him the book and he's made copies of recipes and diets.
And I mean, it's amazing what you can do just sticking on it.
That's right.
I think a lot of these very weak people who are brainwashed and manipulated by their doctors.
I think you can like start manipulating your doctor and convince him and show him through the way you're losing and the blood test and how good you feel.
Just like my doctor, all he was agreeable with in the first place because he'd like me, he had done it 20 years ago.
And he's lost a ton of weight on it, he loves it.
It is so amazing.
I work at a restaurant at night, part-time.
Yeah.
And people look at me and they say, how do you do it when you eat here?
And I said, it's the Akin's diet.
Well, look, I got this steak coming in for lunch today and I, you know, no problem.
There you go.
I mean, what's wrong with eating a steak and lobster all the time?
Nothing.
And bacon and eggs.
Not a thing.
And you can cheat.
I cheated last weekend, all weekend.
Yeah.
Now I'm back on it.
I lost four pounds.
See, let me just give a little word of advice.
In the beginning, you know, in the beginning if you're going to cheat, you're just, you're never going to make any progress.
But once you really have been into it for a period of months, you know, then you can go off once in a while, on a weekend or whatever.
And it's not like a major setback, you just zip right back into it and it's not like the world came to an end.
Got a stick to it and quick-crime, right? I can't do it.
Right.
You just got to do it.
The other time I had it.
Let me ask you, how much did you weigh when you started?
I weighed 269.
I weighed 203.
Oh, man, that's incredible.
And it's, and you know, I'm not one of those guys that, you know, call up and say, you know, what do I do for this?
You got to buy the book.
Yeah.
You got to read.
All these people that want to bug me to give them, you know, it's like my mother, she can't figure out what to cook.
It's all right there in a book if she could read it.
That's right.
You're right.
My wife left out, mom.
Yep, I tried to get my wife on it.
She wouldn't read the book and she got off it.
See, my mother really believes that if you're going to sit down and have a meal.
And just for lunch, I'm not even talking about dinner.
Just lunch.
That it's got to be 16 different courses.
I've been screaming and yelling for, I don't know how many years.
I don't need 10 different things on a table.
If you just give me the roast and maybe a little piece of cheese or something or a little bit of salad.
There you go.
That's it. That's all I need.
I don't have to have 20 different goddamn things.
What's wrong with this woman?
Not a, I tell you. It's amazing.
The other coming to have real quick, these people are going to be real sorry here in South Florida when we lose the panther.
Yep.
They don't care.
That'll give a crap.
When I was growing up here, I lived here 18 years grew up.
I had season tickets through my folks to the dolphins.
Every game I went to.
I mean, now I have season tickets to the panther.
Yep.
I go to every game.
I support them.
I support football sometimes.
But these people, I tell you, they're going to be sorry when they're gone.
It's going to be, oh my god, what happened?
No, no, just pretend it was never here.
It's like hurricane football.
You know, the program is decimated.
It's all over there.
They're on the way out.
And so now, nobody even talks about it.
It's like it never existed and what else we got and that's it.
And that's it.
And that's why South Florida is going to stay the same.
Bush league, baby.
Call up Bob Rubin right now.
Tell him Bush league.
Bush league.
The last one is I was not home.
Yeah.
I heard a spot for good old challenger pool.
One today, start advertising on your challenger pool.
Uh-huh.
There it is.
Yeah, that's right.
It was in the first hour, first day.
Yeah, it was there.
I don't know, pal.
I can't tell you the story of everybody's life.
I'll tell you.
Keep up the good work, pal.
Keep up the good work.
We have an open line in Broward, 5-2 and a green line, rather.
Whatever it is, this guy.
I mean, keep up the weight loss, but zip your lip already.
Oh my god, 1137, a W-I-O-D.
G-Yankies and Rads, Braves and Indians.
Little College football here, some hockey over there.
Pat Riley says, focus on the players, not the coach.
What does that all mean?
Nothing.
Until you say dolphins, now you're talking.
Dolphins on radio.
Use talking entertainment radio.
610 W-I-O-D.
Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
In 1971, we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors.
Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows.
Windows 95.
Bill Gates, computer hype.
My computer just went down and I can't miss around.
With Windows 95.
The windows.
Their music is an exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world.
Yeah, it pushes badly.
Oh, how mad it's made me.
Hey, no more Bill Gates.
Miss software, second rate.
The windows will bring high-rock to your hard drive.
I'll do.
I run you without more memory.
The ads.
Missly, I should get it for free.
The windows and the windows 95 tour.
Feel free to crash.
It's been a lot of time with us.
Love 43 W-I-O.
Look at that.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
I can't wait to get it.
All right, Charlton. Cut the crap.
Right wing fascist pig.
He's the best, ain't he?
It's a goody two-shoes there.
Use null that foul language.
OK, that's Charlton Heston, that's Moses,
that's God, that's Abraham, that's Jesus,
that's every great biblical figure in history of the human race.
That's all wrapped into one.
Mr. Goody two-shoes, right wing ultra-nazzy Republican fascist pig.
And he's using language like that.
How do you like that?
No, seriously.
Just go back to the beginning, lady.
OK, I'm trying to give you the best advice.
Go right back to the beginning, go way down on the carbs.
Cut them like almost out.
And pretend like you're starting all over again on the, you know,
the induction.
And get yourself a goose step and start it all over again.
Go son of a bitch.
OK, just calm down, Moses.
Jesus, are you here again?
It's 11.44 at WIOD.
It's a Friday.
Don't feel like Friday.
What day does this feel like?
It's definitely like what?
Oh, Saturday.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Put Chris on here.
OK, let's just slap some tapes on.
Here's a mobile in Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, pal?
Hey, you know what I want to hear?
What do you want to hear?
I don't know who it is.
It sounds like you're here.
How's this sound?
That was a good one for you.
Hey, the one in K-Neil.
One Q.
Oh, Harry, you mean?
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
One Q.
One Q.
Yeah, that's what he says, one Q.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Yeah, one Q.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
That do it for you?
Yeah.
OK.
They're easy to please today.
Boy, slow start these last two mornings.
Of course, I wonder why that is, Rick.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We have an open line on the Green Line.
Oh, that Rick Riley, man.
I'm going to tell you.
Woo.
You think you've had some hard acts to fall.
Now, just a joke, Rick.
Just relax.
Have a great weekend.
You'll be OK.
I like especially when I have Adam out there on Thursday,
screaming and yelling at the top of his lungs.
That's my favorite.
OK, let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing OK for an old fart.
I just wanted to wish you a really great weekend.
I know you get a.
And a happy circus?
Yeah, a lot of great hockey coming up.
And I know you got Luis Miguel tonight.
Right.
There you go.
And I just have a shameless request.
I've been dying to hear this for a long time now.
Can you do?
You don't want to hear.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
You don't want to hear that again.
No, no.
The one that I want to hear is the one where you go.
Oh.
Oh.
That one.
You know, I don't know if that's.
Please tell me you have that.
Please?
Well, I can always do it again.
I'm not sure if I can do it like that again.
Oh, man.
It was such an excellent excellent.
I just have a ring.
There you go.
I like that one.
Is that in here, George?
It's not in here.
I think it's called screaming, Neil.
Yeah, that's in there.
Oh, that's one of them.
It's in here.
Oh, screaming, Neil.
How the hell is this guy?
I know what it's what it's called.
What is that all about?
How do you know what it's called in a guy named DCS here?
I like that one.
I like that one.
I want more time, man.
I didn't get to hear it.
It's on the first page.
I love you, Neil.
You feel better now?
Yes.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Oh, that's good.
They all want something short and sweet.
That's what I got.
Something short.
I don't know about sweet.
Open line of dates.
7519-463.
We got one on the green line.
189-444.
Come on.
I want to hear about that arena downtown.
I want to hear about Mickey Harrison.
I want to hear about these cruise ships.
I want to hear about, you know, I don't want to hear about it.
Because you don't care about it.
That to me is really sad.
That's sad.
Oh, there's Adam was going to go out and scream
and make a lot of noises.
Nothing worse than somebody screaming on the ear.
Ah!
Ah!
So anyway, it's 1147 at WIOD.
I don't know what that was.
It was something about Rick.
Somebody took a shot at Rick and I said,
you're right.
He's a bonehead.
Hey, baby.
I'm going to use you as a sex toy.
Not so loud, Lisa.
1255 already, huh?
1151 at WIOD,
where we sometimes give it the right time.
But we want to keep you on your toes
because they play the tapes over again.
So it's a 1015.
You have a whole bunch of times.
So we might be right.
Anyway, I want to tell you something that really sucks.
I mentioned this to Rick this morning.
He never even heard of it.
I thought he was the automotive expert.
Of course, he's got pretty crappy cars.
But, you know, what's the worst thing that they ever invented?
Do you ever have one of these?
Do you have one of these for the...
Yeah, right.
Why?
Camry is not a schlock car.
No, but it's fun.
No, I've got the simple pedestrian version.
This is that passive, keyless entry thing.
And they suck.
The only one that I've ever had, you know,
the blue car, this one, this one works.
But like for my new car that I just got my new vet,
it don't work.
And I even reprogrammed it.
I read the instructions that I'll hold the yellow
and I get the thing was flashing and I did...
And, you know, it's like it recognizes it.
It just don't do anything.
Although once in a while, it does open and close the passenger side door
but not the side you want to get in.
And if you stand like an inch away,
it might open up the hatch.
They blow and it got like some kind of a battery
which you can't even get them open.
And it's... so why do they do that?
Why do they even make these damn things?
They suck.
That's the only thing about Corvette.
They're great.
I love them.
I love my new car.
I love Jack Lebo.
It's wonderful.
But the passive, keyless entry.
It is the worst invention in history of the human race.
We have an open line at day 751, W-Y-O-D,
one and brown, five, two, four.
The natives are foaming at them out.
They're pissed off at Mickey Harrison.
They hate Wayne Worst and ever.
They know we're going to lose our team
but they're not talking about it.
They're mom.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Good morning sir.
They're all busy eating parsnips.
Yes sir.
Long time list there, last time listener.
Why is that?
Bailing out of town man.
Oh they're all leaving us.
Damn it.
Yeah.
I was kind of upset because I was going to miss you,
the weather and the pan.
Well.
But it looks like I might be seeing the pan.
And the weather ain't that great here anyway.
You're going to Nashville?
No, we're going to Myrtle Beach but that's close enough.
Huh.
That's pretty nice Myrtle Beach from what I hear.
Yeah it is.
You'd like it up there.
Look the chances of you going national, Neil.
Yeah right.
About the same chances my land in a big job in Myrtle Beach.
Well they have powered up there in the morning so I'm sure you can go to Myrtle Beach.
Yeah can you believe that?
Man am I jealous about that?
How are you sitting all the high spot?
Well I just wanted to thank you for the years of last you giving me and I just...
When you leave him?
Probably Sunday so this is my last year.
Oh my god.
Yeah I was hoping to see it to Panthers tonight.
My wife and I have been going there for the last two years.
We went to every Panthers game we could afford and I was kind of a pussy.
I never went up and talked to you.
My wife's always been giving me a case of the butt about that.
But I just wanted to call and thank you and you know...
And best of luck.
Yep and also I talked to George.
I want to send you some more bits of the bands move and there's no place for us to play down here.
So we're hauling ass up there and I'll send you some stuff when we get there.
Okay.
Thank you sir.
Hang on a second pal.
Good luck to you.
Line six, take that guys this stuff.
Open line and Broward 5249463524WID.
Where we going to Miami Beach.
Hello.
Now.
Yes.
I've fallen and I can't reach my collage.
Yeah okay.
Open line and day.
It's 7519463751.
It's in the bag.
Don't forget Harry Howard Wiperman, Wiperman, Wopperman.
President of the Buffalo Club of Florida is going to be a Booker Belmonties guest on the Phil Henry show.
Five to six to seven.
And that's one of our great highlights of the week here at WIOD.
We got to be having a billboard campaign just for the Booker.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah have you seen the billboards on your way home?
For what?
For Howard.
Yeah they're all over the place.
They suck.
Open line and day.
7519463.
And what was that?
Was that a livery?
Was it like oh make believe?
Two and Broward 5249463524WID.
They're all over the goddamn place and I still don't listen to them.
How do you like that?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I do a nail.
Oh that was Jim.
That was what's his name doing a voice.
I do a nail.
Go ahead sir.
Yes sir.
Yeah the other day he's watched that leaf Islander game.
Yes I did.
You see that elevation for Clark?
No I missed that.
When he came out on the ice he all gave him a standard elevation.
All right.
That was a class act.
Yeah but we were still beat to crap out of him.
Yeah well you won't what?
You want to look Clark with a great player for Toronto?
Yeah but he's no mad son Dean.
No but you know they got something better but he was there.
He was a great player for the leaves but you know something Ben Franklin was a good guy too
but he's not feeling so good.
Wendell's had it.
He's history.
Yeah very well.
I mean he's okay for the Islanders because they got a crappy team so he'll help them.
Yeah but while it was in Toronto we sure helped them out.
Damn right man he's tough he's mean he's but he's always injured too.
It was a better scrapper than Clark.
That's right when he wasn't hurt.
Yeah that's true.
You sure you went to toe to toe with Prover didn't you?
But mad son Dean is God man he's got four goals or he's gonna score 60 goals this year mad son Dean.
You marked my words.
You gonna give him over 50?
Over 60 goals.
Yeah.
Yep.
Right on.
Okay.
Have a nice day.
And back to you.
How come I got two lines what what?
Wait a minute.
Oh this phone is doing that the clapper thing again.
What is going on with our phone now somebody's pots get around with our phone.
Now do you see that?
Somebody is pots getting around with his goddamn phone.
You're not fooling me man.
Two open lines in day.
Seven five one.
What's just the look at that.
What's going on here with this?
And one and Broward five two four nine four six three.
We got the best money the best phone system here that money can't buy.
I'll tell you that.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Yeah listen.
It's I'm on a diet and I'm doing real good but.
We're on the Atkins diet.
Yes I am.
Okay.
It's too far to drive to Lorenzo.
I try to once and it was great.
Don't get me wrong but what I don't get you wrong.
What I started doing is going to my local little grocery market.
And I'm going to the bakery and say hey here's can you make this for me.
And they say yeah.
There you go.
That's great.
So I mean if anybody is like you know.
How about how about right up the street here at Stan's stage Delhi.
They're like Keralds getting all the stuff from Lorenzo so we don't have to
schlep all the way up there.
And like if we want like some cheesecake or some of that sausage with no
nitrites whatever they got it right here.
Exactly.
So I mean if like you guys up in Palm Beach you can't go down to Lorenzo just say.
Or people up in Broward they can go up to E and S markets and get a lot of good stuff.
Anybody?
Right.
If they're not familiar with it hey look I've lost all this weight.
Could you give me a favor?
I mean we would prefer that they all went to Lorenzo because they've been great to us
and they're our sponsor and our friends and we love them but not everybody can go there.
Yeah it's about an hour drive.
Right.
Well I just want to let you know everything's going great.
So how much you lost?
Oh I'm just about 25 pounds I got another 10 to go.
Great.
Yeah.
Outstanding.
Thanks.
Keep it up.
See you.
See you.
How do you like that?
See all these little people out there this is one of the greatest closet even the
faggots aren't in the club.
This is the biggest closet thing going on anywhere in this state and that is all these fat people losing weight on the
Atkins.
Thanks of course to yours truly.
Now there are a few who had bought the book or heard about it or whatever before but the
overwhelming majority as the bookstores will verify they're losing it because yours truly
discovered a book that won famous Sunday in books a million and went on a year and opened up a big mouth.
So you're welcome to all of you.
You're welcome because I know you're thanking me profusely and giving me a little kiss on your speaker.
Two open lines in date counties 7519 463 751 boy are these people foaming at the mouth about that arena thing right there on
their front page you want to know why they're probably upset because they don't read the herald.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, welcome there.
Yes sir.
Did you get the purple that?
Yes I did.
How do you like it?
I love it.
I missed the beginning of the passive entry system.
Is that the thing where you push the key chain button?
You don't really push it.
You just like walk up to the car when you get a few feet away the doors unlock and then when you leave the car you walk away and
then they lock and you're beeped the horn beeps and you know they don't work.
Sometimes they work they die.
Is that your key chain like a sort of transmitter?
Yeah.
I wouldn't trust that.
Oh these things blow.
You know what I had what time that I liked?
I wanted my cars.
I'm sure you've seen them.
The little numbers, the key pads on the doors.
Right.
And you had your code number and you can punch it in and unlock your car and you can pop your trunk from there and everything.
You can pop it?
Yeah.
And I thought it was great because I never had to carry my keys with me.
I could put them in my car and you know pop my code in.
Yeah.
And you never have to carry them.
And of course when you get Alzheimer's you start forgetting the code then you can take the bus.
Well then.
If you remember to bring any change.
What can you do you know?
There you go.
And you know you said something that really that was perfect at all the whole all of the OJ's actions that he's made.
It's almost like he's going to take out a big ad campaign, a big billboard campaign all over the country and TV spots say hey I'm guilty.
Oh.
Guess what I did it let's get it over with.
I mean his actions are completely that of him.
Yeah.
You know it's unbelievable.
He could do better just to sit in on the watch TV.
Just don't move.
There you go.
Just let it work.
Why you're sounding like a racist pig to me now better cut while you're ahead.
What can I say?
Have a great day.
I see it.
Don't get fused the folks with the facts pal.
Not the way things ought to be.
The way things are.
610 W I O D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Well the rumor I don't want to connect it.
You know this is not Jennifer.
It's not the news because I don't want to get you involved with rumors.
No.
Because you never put that on the news would you?
Never.
Unless it was juicy.
You know the Panthers move into Nashville.
Really.
That's the rumor.
The rumor that's the rumor.
That's the rumor.
That's the rumor that's the very prominent Uno President comes from a very good source
who also called me yesterday and told me about that Bogus press conference who's
nothing more than больers signing.
Right.
And so everyone looks.
Like avezuniz he got some idea what's going on.
He said there move into Nashville it's a dundeeel.
It's simile, it's sealed and delivered.
Well, yee hauh.
I'll get somebody on it right away.
Yeah, I bet you will.
I hope he looks good.
Thanks, Dana.
for how depressing I don't even want to play the openness I don't want to do
anything I'm just what did I tell you see I knew it was coming you know what I'm
saying I knew it was coming and I didn't even bake a cake but that's so
depressing but I you know it's one of those things they're gone so enjoy
every game this year while you can because you know it he practically came out
and told us that today it's right there in the paper and you bozos don't get it
he says he will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami the only arena we
got is in downtown Miami mr. hot shot over there iris and with his crew
ships he wants to build this thing over there in bicentennial park right by his
crew ships by the port over there and you don't want no partner and you don't want
to you know so nice going congratulations to Mickey iris and for chasing the
uh... thing whatever they are the panthers out of town but hey we got these
neat pens we do have those neat panther pens thanks to the fact that Jeff
Moss came through after Woody stole the first ones and by the way what he wears my
60 bucks
from the producers of the children comes another slice of real life
terror reality film presents
the teenagers
goodnight kids remember to keep that stereo now okay my we promise
but
teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood
and the only thing that's certain is
mr. Kramer tell your daughter I'm ready to take it to slumber party
but I thought that was just for girls
it is your I'll show you something just for girls
that when they go through puberty you go through hell
the teenagers
now destroying a living room near you
twelve away to w.w.w.d. and here at sock
tober 13th it's a black Friday baby it's a very depressing day and I want to
make a racial thing out of it but it is black Friday worst in the market crashing
because the panthers I mean this is not an official announcement from them but
this is very good inside information from us the deal is done it's signed
sealed and delivered and I would try to do something about myself but you know
the problem I have a very small penis
son of a bitch okay so they're not much I can do I wish I could I wish I could
may wave my magic one but I just don't got one okay so that's it
with been a lot of fun and it's going to be real interesting if they do if
this thing does leak out and the announcement does become official to have an
entire lame duck season that's going to be really good here's a mobile in
what is it in Lantana hello
yes I am I guess I need to save your and relish every moment of that game
tonight save your it yeah after here any for the last couple days hinting how
they may be packing it up I marched down there and I got a panther pack I was
like for the fifth in line yeah and we'll still be able to get two tickets so I
guess I really got to pay attention tonight we've been hoes man we didn't
have I just can't wait for anybody knows if you say it it's true I can't wait
to read Bob Rubin's great column about what a big league town is isn't about
anybody who says it's bush league is a full of crap et cetera and so on yeah I
heard you talking about is that the same guy that was not it's been on
force wrap a couple times yeah I was on there with them once and I thought you
know so but he's a piece of crap well you're right you hit it on the head
there when you talked about the minimal attendance there at the uh her
gains you and I talked a couple months ago about that terrible attendance at
the martin yep look at how many blackouts we have the dolphin games over the
years Julian something yeah thank goodness for what is a channel four channel six
six they start out five and oh and they still have 2,900 on-soul seats and he's
given a song and a dance about well 68,000 is enough and it's a big stadium
yeah whatever you say man whatever you say he's got an excuse for everything and
wait till you see that Rutgers you emcrowd is on Sunday it's gonna be you're
gonna have to get a search party to find them
well I personally had a hand in putting down the foundation in the arena and I
haven't been back in there since you know the place has been finished so this
will be real treat for me especially if they're possibly hitting the road yeah
yeah yeah yeah I just it's weird how you talk about go I finally go get my
ass down or get some tickets and I guess I need to frame you know but it's
good that's right frame they're gonna be a collector's that and they're gonna
be worth something all right now okay pound
yeah that's what everybody I'll see you Sunday night and eat you will bye Sunday
night the islanders man let's go to every guy damn game let's pretend like
everyone will sing old Lang Zine and old Wayne I know I played it yesterday but you
know asshole asshole but the that way high singer such an asshole he held
that man that greed he turned because he wouldn't take a shower with Hank
Olberg asshole
between hyzing a such an asshole he's just like Hitler and Abe a
ron what's that these found me
asshole
We just took quintessential ass hole.
The only thing there is left to say is property.
Right away.
Okay, 12 minutes fast, doing out of very depressing.
A Friday the 13th, but we'll do the best we can.
Okay, it's raining.
The panthers are leaving.
Everybody's bailin' out on us.
We've been lied to.
We've been had.
But we're used to it because this is a world-class town tonight.
You bastard!
We can possibly survive this trip!
6,000 miles to navigate and one bucket of water!
Well, sir, if you have a complaint, disney headquarters are off to your left.
Oh, no!
Phil Hendry, 2 to 6 p.m. on News, Talk, and Entertainment Radio.
610 WIOD.
No solamente es Hankelberg, también es un tipo fotable.
Time once again for Dan Quayel's family values theater,
illustrating how to be traditional, even in the 90s.
Why should that dinner great, kids?
Yeah, mom, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought!
Better than the pizza you had delivered last night.
Well, what are you kids up to tonight, drugs?
No, Dad.
I've got my bulimic group.
And tomorrow nights, lesbian, scouts.
Uh-huh.
Son, you need help with that scale model, serial killer you're building.
Some other time, Dad.
Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms.
Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl.
Oh, Dad!
Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some far-no movies.
Gee, you two are the best parents a kid could ever have.
Thanks, Dad.
Oh, that's quite all right here.
Thanks, mom.
That's quite all right, dear.
Join us again next time for Family Values Theater.
Where life is a big minute of the vice president's imagination.
1216 is WIOD.
On what started out was a pretty decent Friday,
but now it's becoming dark and dark and depressing and morbid.
Let's hear it for those panthers.
Oi!
Oww.
Oww.
In jackass.
1217.
It's like everything else.
We can't do anything good in town.
It always disappears.
Remember the famous restaurant that used to be great?
Remember Piccolo's over there on the beach on South Beach?
That was great.
It's good or gone.
Remember Pumpernix?
Not bad, gone.
Remember Prince Hamlet Raptor's hit gone.
Remember New York's stay-couse on Biscayton gone.
Remember Niels Restaurant over there in Alton Road and gone.
Almost all the good stuff, man.
It's gone.
But hey, we're still here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Take this analogy.
What does Wayne does with everything he gets?
What do you do?
The first thing he put together was waste management.
He got it.
He made a profit and what he did.
He got out.
Schlockbuster.
Thank you.
And how about the panthers?
Right.
He's going to sell them for like 50 million or 90 million.
Or whatever the hell it's going to be.
Now.
Make a nice big juicy profit.
And I think it's 90 million is what he's going to get.
And he paid 50.
So he lost a few million in the last couple of years.
But in the meantime, he's going to come away with a multi-million dollar profit.
And stick it to all of us.
And what is he doing with Republic Ways?
With his good friends, Marino and over.
Right.
So there's your answer right there.
Just turn it around.
Make a profit and hell with us.
Ways is the operative term, man.
Here we thought we had Santa Claus and we've got Heinrich Himmler Jr.
Well, it's a sad thing to say.
But we have been used and abused.
Right.
And you know something I think we're starting to enjoy it.
It's kind of an SNM thing.
It's starting to feel pretty good, you know?
Someone made an SNM remark that some people in Florida
are Miami or South Florida.
Have any one of you want to call it?
Are waiting that when they have a new expansion, any shelter, and we're going to get one?
You know what?
They're crazy.
They're crazy.
If we can hold one, you think they're going to give us another?
We have to hold this one.
Right.
No chance.
Let me ask you this.
Where are they going to play?
Where are they going to play?
Let me tell you something.
And Jordan knows who I am.
Who controls the port of Miami?
Who controls it?
Yeah.
Well, beside the county.
But I mean, Mickey Harrison.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Don't go too far, Neil.
You know what they're going to build next to this arena?
What's that?
They're built.
There's a $200 million proposed cruise ship tournament.
I know that.
And guess who ships are going to be there?
He is.
And he's got like four big new cruise ships that are going to be sitting around there.
Yankee to everybody's money.
See, a billion dollars isn't enough for Mickey Harrison.
It's not enough.
Just like 800 million isn't enough for Wayne.
How much is enough?
How much is enough?
Do you know how much a billion dollars is?
We can't even imagine what a billion dollars is.
We pay a million million.
They're a main act.
Yeah.
Listen to this.
Why would Wayne want to build his own park at the Joe Robby?
There's no profit for him to do that.
Why he doesn't want to build it?
I think this has all just been a dog and pony show.
I think they've just been yanking us around.
I don't think there's any since here to desire.
All this crap about what Wayne really wants to keep him here.
For what?
He doesn't give a crap about hockey.
He don't care.
Unless somebody...
Just like he told us he were in a half ago.
He don't give a crap about the fans.
He's just in it to make money.
Unless somebody comes in with a last minute deal like that.
I'll see that in the news.
That's what they tried.
They tried.
But that ain't going to happen here.
Listen, Theo has basically removed his pants to make this happen.
And you know, it's the gone deal.
Not anyway.
Good luck to us, pal.
Thank you.
Hey, listen.
Yeah.
In closing, my mother-in-law wants to meet her.
Thank you because now she's been on the Atkin diet.
Yeah.
And now she can see her pubic hair.
She couldn't see it before.
All right.
Because her pubic was so large.
Okay, hope nobody else can see him.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
See ya.
Open line in day, 7, 5, 1.
You can see at pubics.
And one on the green line.
What 800, boy?
This is really...
How do you continue?
You know?
How do you continue?
Like I said, life will go on.
We'll make it okay.
So you get a bunch of tickets.
You go up to Toronto, see the Leafs.
You know, you go up there and see the changing of the Leafs and the Maple Leafs.
And there's the other way around.
And you know, whatever you want.
You get up...
You want to like the Bruins.
You go up to Boston a few times.
See the Fleet Center.
You take your raincoat, your galoshes, your heavy overcoat, your underwear, you know, whatever.
So it'll be cold.
Big deal.
There's more to life than weather.
Look at the great weather we got.
Just look out the window right now, man.
How can you beat this?
Here's Boker.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's up?
Yes, sir.
I'm ready to blow my brains out.
Why is that?
I'm a two-year season ticket holder.
And now you break the bad news.
Well, I'm not forget it's just a rumor.
But it's a very strong one.
Well, we kind of expected it.
It's like a cancer patient.
You know they're going to die sooner or later, but you're still depressed when you get the news.
Right.
That's right.
So it's just something that we all knew was going to happen.
He had no intentions of keeping the team here.
He said that from day one.
And he's made really no efforts.
I mean, he's going to try and save face by saying that he's tried to make all these efforts.
It's okay really as he done.
All he tried to do was browbeat, you know, the counties into building him in arena
and putting up the money for him.
And when they didn't do that, he's saying basically, hey, I'm not going to put up the money.
Screw you guys.
I'm losing a million a month.
I'm going to get out of this as fast as I can.
I got a bunch of red necks up there in Nashville who are willing to give me a billion dollars
like right off the end.
Goodbye.
You know, see ya.
That's it.
And like I said yesterday, who cares about the Beeser sign for three more years?
He was already signed for this year.
And if they're not going to be playing here, what the hell do we care?
That's right.
Why is that news to us if they're not going to be here?
And anybody who goes out to see the Marlins or the Doll Fins or anything else that he holds is...
Well, I'm going out to the Panthers only because they already got the tickets and I love my hockey and I'm going.
But this is it.
I mean, after the hose job we got anyone who goes out there and supports his other holdings is not.
Yeah, is holding it.
Now, I kneel out.
Life will go on, Pally.
We'll survive.
Let him take his damn hockey pucks and get their lot of here.
Alright, deal.
Get the puck out of here, Wayne.
Okay, Pally.
Bye.
See ya.
Hey, Wayne.
Do you son of a bitch?
Right.
610 WIOD.
Appealing to lunatics everywhere.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, look at this.
Carpachu of beef with a little bit of cheese.
This is from Greenwich Village, elegant Northern Italian dining, a 1,000-one South Miami Avenue.
And all you brickal people, this is a great place, is Woody.
And look at that.
There's some Chateau-Brion and some, oh man.
Oh, and you know something?
We got some of that steak sauce and the thing I bet.
Oh, yes.
And a little refrigerated.
I don't want to, you know, run you around because I know it's at least 7 feet away there.
So thanks so much to the Greenwich Village.
This is some beautiful stuff, some great steak, Carpachu.
It's like real Italian.
And there you go.
There's some of that real outstanding Peter Luger steak sauce from like the real place.
Okay, we have an open line on the Green Line, 1-800-944-9463.
As we're celebrating the Panthers departure out of Miami at the end of the season to Nashville,
which is like not official yet.
I don't want to get anybody panicky, but pretty damn close.
From Whiteway here, from an unimpeachable source who knows what they're talking about, maybe.
Pemberpine, hello.
Uncle Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
You know early stinks, Neil?
What's the thing?
We just got rid of Mr. Cousin's video.
You know, we're on a roll here and you know, look what happens.
I believe in us, you know.
We're on a roll?
Well, I mean, you know, better than last year anyway.
Oh, you mean the team you're talking about?
Yeah, the team looks great.
That's why it's even more of a tease, though.
You finally got to coach.
You finally got a team and guess what?
Now that we got it all together, screw you guys.
Goodbye.
What do you think about getting Harold Ballard down here to coach us?
You know, you're doing Harold Ballard.
You know, a real owner and a real announcer now you're talking.
Twin brothers, aren't they?
Right.
You know, oh well.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Have a great day.
Good luck to you.
Open line on the purple line, pound IOD, one in the bokeh and et cetera.
They don't care.
Now, what is the, oh, there it is.
Boy, there's a knife looking at a bitch.
Oh, Jay, like that, baby.
That's a knife.
Oh, did you see the comment he made?
Not that I want to talk about him, but did you see the comment he made about
the found out that Tom Broca had his knives sharpened and was going to slice him
up on that interview the other night, which is one of the reasons I canceled.
Isn't that an interesting choice of words?
Broca had the knife sharpened up and was going to slice him up right there on a
ear.
I wonder what he meant by that.
Oh, man.
Here's a, uh, uh.
What is in his food?
What do you think just poison me?
No, seriously, there was something like real one of those little pepper type
thing you know I'm talking about.
A little pepper corn, man.
Oh, man, is that hot?
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Great.
Yeah, listen, I knew there in above that nap saw thing.
It's not not the biggest waste of taxpayers money going right now.
What?
What did I saw and tax money?
What are we talking about?
Are they not the best of it?
Waste of it?
Nassau and tax money.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
What story are you talking about?
Well, they were talking about the space shuttle having its engine problem.
And, uh, what have they done?
Uh, you know, they waste so much money.
What good art is Nassau?
Nassau?
Yeah.
I never liked it there myself.
I was talking about Nassau.
He's calling it Nassau.
That's this guy for you.
Okay, here's another one.
Open line, I think we made a good choice.
Open line and Broward 524.
Purple line, AT&T cellular wireless.
Whatever the hell that thing is.
A pound IOD and one on a green line.
Good, stay.
Good food.
Good stuff here.
Nice going, Woody.
Here's, uh, Davy.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time listening, the first time caller.
Yeah.
I was doing some grocery shopping the other day.
And a lady in a security uniform had approached me and told me that her name was Big Mac from Lamir.
From Lamir, yeah.
And?
What did she approach you for?
She just wanted to tell me that she was on your show and...
No, she was not on my show.
She was a crazy caller.
Why would she stop you in the middle of the store and make a statement like that?
No, I didn't understand.
Who put you up to this call, man?
I didn't understand.
I figured it out.
Yeah, right.
Likely Sturry.
Yeah, what about him?
Oh, I just...
I wanted to call you and let you know that, you know?
Yeah.
That she's still as crazy as a bed bug.
Okay, thanks for the good news, man.
Big Macs.
Oh my God.
Two open lines in Broward 5249463-524-WIOD.
One on a green line.
So this really shows you.
Look at the outpouring of emotion we're having here today about all this.
Okay, it started with a Harold story.
Now we get a very, very strong, a rumor that I think is probably true.
And nobody cares anyway.
So like I said, Bob Rubin is right on target, man.
This is a real big league town.
These people know how to take it.
And where to take it, too.
Here is the loader hill.
Hello?
Listen about a nail?
Yeah.
About the first of all, I gotta say that,
there's no need to be a big league town.
You gotta have public transportation to and from any arena or state.
Hey, we got the best mini buses that money can buy, man.
With all those Haitian drivers out there, what are you talking about?
Well, you don't have it, though.
I can get two to games from where I am in Browitz.
Yeah.
But I can't get back because all the buses stop running.
Yeah.
Well, you do want to get back when you're in day.
You want to get back.
You want to get back.
You can't believe it.
And the other thing I want to say is that as far as Wayne High is in the goes,
all the citizens that support our capitalist system are getting a good lesson
from Wayne High's thing.
George wants you, whatever, in there.
What's up with that sauce?
He wants to, well, I'm not done with a sauce yet.
Okay, Mr. High Shast.
Nail.
Oh, there's another bottle.
Go ahead, sir.
Nail.
You know, they're all about money.
And High Singer is no different than any other.
He told you that.
He came right out there and had parade magazine or whatever that was.
Okay.
He said, I didn't build this thing here.
Let me tell you something.
I just moved down here from Philly a year ago.
Yeah.
It was a guy named Katz over there who owned the 76s.
Yeah.
He did the exact same thing.
He held a city hostage over a similar arena for problems.
Yeah.
Said that he was going to move them to New Jersey and came down for a guy to say.
And they did the same exact thing.
These guys are all alike then.
They're not sports fanatics.
They're a standard.
The only difference being they build a new arena up there and they got, you know, they got their act together.
Yeah, because they're going to happen here.
He held the flyer hostage until he got what he wanted.
Just like they did in New Jersey, right?
But you see it ain't going to work here.
It's not going to happen.
You can't build a sit-look.
If you want to have a stadium, the High Singer is right about this.
In fact, I got to give him credit for one thing.
If you put it right down over there in Miami.
He is right about that.
He is right about that.
But on a one-handy city, he ain't going to play in Broward.
He got pissed off because they wouldn't give him the money in Broward and to do his bidding up there.
Well, that has been with Willing to go along now with the deal to put it on somewhere in Broward or on the line.
He's not willing to go along.
Well, that's the problem then.
Don't you understand?
Mickey, let me say it again.
Mickey Ererson wants the Panthers out.
I've been telling you that for weeks.
People were saying, oh, you're making it up.
He wants them out and he's accomplished it.
That's right.
And he can take his stick and pat Rally in a Miami Heat and stick all of them up their ass in every great life.
You're screaming, man. You're out of your mind.
Get me upset this guy.
I mean, he's not a bad guy, but he's getting me pissed off and upset.
That's right.
Mickey Ererson with his billion dollars.
See, the rich guys, they always get their way.
Everybody else, we get just peed on because we're peed on.
But the guys with the really big bucks, I'm not talking a few hundred thousand.
I'm talking millionaires and billionaires.
They're the ones that pull all the strings.
And when a yanket, we jump.
Open line of Broward, 524, here's the lady in Kendall.
Hello.
It is.
I envy you.
You're going to the link.
You're going to Luis Miguel concert.
Yeah.
Envy, envy.
Hope you enjoy it.
I'll bring you back up.
Pubek here.
How's that?
Oh, a little bit more.
That'll be okay.
Listen, uh, Jay.
I'll bring you back up here.
Huh?
Oh, here.
You know what?
A former RJ juror, Tracy Hamston, is allegedly going to post for playboy in a courtroom.
Oh, no.
Yep, in a courtroom setting.
Oh, no.
In lieu of writing a book, she decided to go that route.
She was the one that was dismissed, 25 results.
Ah!
That's what we needed, huh?
Yeah.
Well, thought your listeners.
That goes to show you the kind of really astute intellectuals that we have on the juries
that are deciding the guilt and innocence and really getting justice in this country.
I'll bet you how much they know.
Let me tell you again, for justice, we must go to Don Corleone.
That's the only place you'll get justice.
Well, even though we're losing the Panthers, have a great weekend.
And back to you.
We'll survive it.
And we will.
We'll see you.
Screw them, okay?
I'm going to all the games.
I got my tickets.
I'll have a good time.
I got a pretty good team this year, and we'll enjoy it the best we can.
And then it's on to other things, okay?
When we get that goddamn handball team in his town, we'll show them a couple of things, okay?
We'll show them who's got the real balls.
Boy, this is good steak.
What are you waiting for?
You eating some of this chateau brion?
Huh?
What movie were they talking about?
Chateau brion.
Oh, that was in network.
Remember that?
Before we dig into our chateau brion.
Remember that?
That was Nelson, the president of the network of UBS, when they were having that big thing
for what's your name?
For a fade-done-away?
Diana?
Remember that?
It says, before we all dig into our chateau brions, let's all show her just how much we appreciate her and what a piece of turd she is.
That's right.
And he said, I'll get back to you, Diana.
And even Howard Beal couldn't help himself.
Time is mad at hell, but I just couldn't think that anymore.
Oh!
Here's a mobile in Pompo.
Boy, they got that thing really cranked up, okay?
Wow, it's not like you're going to goddamn win to them.
Oh, hey.
Yeah.
Hey, sorry, man.
I'm in a truck.
Wow.
Hey, listen, man.
How much more do we have to give hyzing for a loyalty?
I mean, I might keep all the merchandising for you to ask for.
When it comes to the panthers, my in-laws, my season tickets, you know, since they've been here, they drive down there, they park, they do everything.
You know, everything, what does he want from us, man?
I mean, I can't fill out the money.
Blood, he wants our blood.
I know.
I can't show up to money to build them in arena.
He's got more than I'll ever see in my life.
That's right.
Okay, what's going to happen now if you get ticked off?
Somebody gets upset with them and the dolphin.
He's bitching last time.
Oh, he'll move to Los Angeles in a heartbeat.
They need a team out there.
They're used to have two teams now.
They got none.
Los Angeles would wine him and dine him and kiss him on the ball spot.
You marked my words, man.
Well, let me tell you, I personally, I've had enough eye-zinger and it's like, I don't care if he takes his money and everything he's got.
That's right.
And jam it all up his ass.
You got it, buddy.
Okay, well, see you.
Yep, that's right.
Like I said, somehow we managed to survive.
I love sports.
I love the wall games, all the other good stuff.
Love hockey, but you know something.
There's other places to go and see it.
Go up to Toronto, see the Leafs, see the place.
Jam packed, standy, Ramolei, really people really understand the game.
Rocket and Roland have it a great time.
Not leaving an hour before the game is over unless they're 10 goals ahead or whatever.
Enjoy the environment.
That new fleet center up in Boston.
I can't wait to see that.
I bet that's a great place.
You know, that's, there's places to go, man.
You hop on a plane a couple of hours.
You're somewhere where there's like real people and not all this bull crap.
This is a place pretending to be a place, Bob Rubin.
And this is all proof of it right here today.
Just unfolding in front of our puss.
You bolt-headed clown.
Yeah, this ain't no bush-leg town.
I have no patience with me.
Yeah, you have no patience for people to tell the truth.
Just like OJ, he's getting pissed off because people have been telling the truth and he don't like it.
OJ Rubin, baby.
610, W-I-O-D.
We're loud and we're not going away.
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb.
Listen to the boot steps of a Nazi-wing, buying every inch of Florida.
He must have several reasons on his tiny brain, because all of us had had enough.
A hot dog and a beer costs only 40 bucks.
The bathrooms all have dollar-changer slots.
His attitude in businesses will really sucks.
He's taking us for all we got.
Wayne, Wayne, our pocketbooks are made of glass.
Rating and pillaging are part of the past.
Let's get the Vaseline and Stick-Blockbuster park up your ass.
OJ!
Listen to the boot steps of a Nazi-wing, buying every inch of Florida.
He's son of a bitch.
Okay, 1243, W-I-O-D.
This stake is dynamic and outstanding by the way from Greenwich Village, 2001 South Miami Avenue.
Oh, this is really a dynamite, Woody. It's about time to come up with something good.
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm a newcomer to the Atkins diet.
I just started, but I wanted to thank you before I've seen any results.
I've been reading them book. It's very interesting.
Wait until you do it.
What I'm doing is basically getting on that low-carb diet.
My blood had some blood work done.
I knew I was overweight. I didn't need to lose about 30 pounds.
But my cholesterol was real high and as well as my triglycerides.
So, I guess this is the way to go.
And I want to thank you for bringing it to my attention.
I've been thinking about it for a couple of months after I had that blood test.
There was no doubt in my mind I needed to do something.
Okay, you love all that stake, man.
That's right.
Okay, do a good job.
Thank you much, bud.
See you.
What are you looking at, George, so I put the mic on a stand for once for the first time in a while.
Did you drop that cozy on your plate?
You want to lick it?
Okay.
How about the cozy?
Actually, I dropped it on the Peter Luger steak sauce.
Even the microphone cozy will taste good with Peter Luger steak sauce, huh?
Mmm, mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Man, is that good?
Let's do a Delray on a purple line. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Yeah, well, I'm not calling to talk about any diet, but my blood pressure is rising.
Yeah.
Or I am so ticked off.
Pist off.
I'm unbelievable.
You want emotion?
I'm driving and I shouldn't be driving.
I'm so emotional.
That's unbelievable.
The first time I ever called you and I've been listening to you for years was when we got the panthers.
Right.
And now I'm calling you because I'm hearing that there are rumors that they're definitely going now.
I mean, the rumor is the Nashville deal is a done deal.
Again, it's still a rumor, but it comes from a really good source evidently.
Well, that's the only thing that's keeping me from losing it completely is that it's just a rumor.
Yeah.
I mean, I love this game.
I mean, it's such a...
I got my kids turned on to it.
I got my wife turned on to it.
Yeah.
You know, it's a happening thing and it's right.
And we're going to lose it.
It's good for us.
I shouldn't own it in the beginning.
It was just a tease.
We shouldn't own it.
But the guy that dumped all this money just a tease, I can't see that.
I think it's a combination of a lot of things.
These city council people who don't want to call for the money because they can't see the potential down the road that not only will wane reap the profits, but so will they.
I don't understand how they can be sure.
It's fine to like this.
So now you're blaming the politicians and it's not wane and Mickey Ererson.
Is that what you're saying?
They're in there too.
It's all of them.
It's all of them.
Like you said, they're on an ego trip.
You know, and you get the heat man.
They can just...
They can get the hell out of town for all I can.
Let me say it again.
Anybody that ever calls me and tells me that they bought a ticket to the Miami Heat.
I'll hang on and I'm faster than you can say up your ass.
Okay, I've never been to a Miami Heat game and I'm never going.
They can take that NBA stuff and they can blow it right out their butt.
And I love basketball, but forget it, man.
I'm disgusted.
I'm really am.
I'm...
And I have a part season tickets to the Marlins.
I'm really getting fed up.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
It is absolutely unbelievable.
So I hope all this comes to a pass and we find out it's just a big joke
and Wayne's sitting back in his big cookie chair, laughing his head off,
listening to all this and then he's going to spring it on his own.
Just kidding.
Yeah, he's just being a zit head.
I hope so.
Okay, pal.
Thank you, Neil.
Good luck to us.
Bye.
Well, this don't sound too good.
Does it with this thing like that, huh?
It does?
It's all right, yeah.
Huh.
Sounds kind of like hollow, like barely.
Like I can barely get used to it.
At 610 WIOD, when we say news, we mean business.
The rich and hisses restrictions to travel to Cuba by Cuban Americans,
academics, clergy and students.
Oh, I can't hear you.
The best news.
The days on news, talk and entertain the radio.
610 WIOD.
Haney can beer.
The beer for very good friends.
So, I'd like to tell you about my friend Lance.
Lance is a gay, but he has potential.
He's totally way cute.
He's got tight little buns and he has good fashion sense.
Unfortunately, he likes girls.
So, here's my plan.
I'm going to invite him over to my place and I'm going to get him really drunk on a honey can
and then I'm going to b***** it.
When you want a piece of your friends, Haney, make sure you've got lots of honey can on hand.
1252 WIOD, a very depressing Friday.
Haney, it's the 13th.
Didn't they have the, when we had the last stock stock market thing that crashed wasn't it on October 13th?
Yeah.
And that thing up there in Joja at that crazy woman's house with the Virgin Mary.
It's on October 13th every year.
I say we skip October the 13th from here on in, man.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation.
Okay, nice talking to you.
Okay, blow it out your ass, man.
You idiot.
Here's Loxahatchee.
Hello.
Hello, Niels.
Yes, sir?
Oh, I'm out here in Loxahatchee.
I saw the F ... what are the P إ f λ i m in the sky?
The cheese as I saw in the cloud of a Loxahatchee.
Jesus, in a cloud with diamonds?
OverLoxahatchee.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, I've done the acting since August.
Yeah.
I don't go by pounds to go by body fat and my body fat is like around 5%, now.
Yeah.
And what does that mean? What was it before? It was about 15. Wow, well you were fat. Yeah, a little plump.
Chubby. Little little plump. I had one too many Chaco tacos. Mm-hmm. You've had one of them before. Yeah.
I sent you a tape, um, sentimental by Kathy Lee Gifford. You did? But did you get it? When did you send that?
That a week and a half ago. I don't think I got it yet. All right, if you don't get all sent you another one.
The pony's a little on the slow side. I know. I mean for 32 cents. So what do you expect?
It's lepping. Right. Um, let's see. That's, uh, that's about it. That's about it. And thanks a lot.
Good job. It's to you. And back to you. And I'll call you again. Take care. See you.
Huh? Two open lines and a green lines 1-800-949-49-463. What a hundred warmers in the young and a horny George.
All right. Now we're getting the good stuff because it's Friday. You know, and you don't want to miss your soap on Friday
because if you drop it on Friday, you never know what's going to happen on Monday. Two open lines.
They're both in Palm Beach. If you can hear us up there. I know it's raining cats and dogs somewhere like probably in
locks of hatchy, but give it a shot. 1-800-949-494. Oh, there's cricket and mad again.
And she's keeping them occupied. Okay? Because Paul is in there diddling around in Matt's stuff.
And she says, I'm going to keep you occupied. You disgusting piece of dirt. You and those dimples are acidine.
Here's a mobile in where? Hi, Alia. Hello. Hi, Alia. Yes, sir.
Neil, how can we get a list of all wanes, holdings and every time he's involved with it?
And what are you going to do about it? Yeah, right. You're going to hurt him in a pocketbook. He's worth a million dollars.
And you're going to hurt him in a pocketbook. Are you dreaming? Well, we can just listen. He feels every little thing.
If he's crying about it, if he takes a pant as a way from us. Yeah, not if when he takes him away, I will for every living thing that he has anything to do with.
Yeah, I will never go and purchase all about diddlings like garbage.
I'll eat it. Okay, there you go. Okay. I'll truck it up to.
Okay, I think you just started a movement, man. I don't think you realize what we're going to do. From now on in Broward, we're going to eat our garbage just despite that son of a bitch.
That's right. We're going to start eating the garbage. No more plantation bags for you people in the city proper. No more of those garbage bags for us out there at the acres.
We're going to eat our own garbage. How do you like that? Wayne? Okay, to you, pal. You bolted it. Freak. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Nail. Yes, ma'am. Did you hear about the juror who's posing for Playboy now?
That's what the guy just called about a couple of minutes ago. I didn't hear that. What do you think about that? Is that ridiculous? What do I think about it?
I mean, is there something that I would think about it? Like I would even waste my time with some sarcotic bitch like that? I mean, is that like I just discuss this with me?
It's like these people are supposed to be, you know, so serious and here they are on TV claiming about how much they...
They're serious about one thing, sweetheart. They're serious about writing books and posing for Playboy and making lots of money and being celebrities.
And in the meantime, somebody's trying to tell us that this was about justice. Who the hell are they, kid? Man, this was about a circus. This was about even a goddamn janitor out there and a goddamn courthouse is a big celebrity now. They want to eat his garbage.
These people were like, you know, Joe Shmo was before and now they're famous Joe Shmo's. That's right. Yeah, isn't that great? How ridiculous.
I just wanted to hear what you think about that. That's America for you. Welcome to America, man. Have a great life.
Okay. Of course a lot of guys want to know what does she look like. We have an open line in date, 7, 5, 1, and they don't care about principal. They don't care about the jury. They don't care about the verdict. They want to know what does she look like and what does the magazine come out?
Which issue, baby? Open line and the green line, 1-800-944-9463. Here's Miramar. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to say that the fish room was true. All of the ass liquors on the TV, Joe Tony, Jepetto, and Jimmy Buffalo, and the bucket head on QAM, and all those personalities that liquid-wained this. If your eyes aren't open now, then get out of town. You don't need that anymore. Hold your breath, man.
No, kid. I just got a one-leven one thing to say here that while Hazinga, he had to last laugh and he got his kicks by selling the panties to a bunch of goddamn hicks. There you go. Later. Okay, pal.
Yeah, and you know, Nashville and Wayne, it's got a good reign to it because I was there for a month in 1980 that is the worst place. It makes, it makes entry Georgia seem like Manhattan. That's how bad Nashville is.
You talk about nose pickers. You talk about Yahoo's. You talk about rednecks. You talk about illiteracy. You talk about bigotry. You talk about hate. You talk about stupidity. You talk about Stone Age. That's Nashville, baby. And let me tell you again, just in case I hope they do move there. And I hope that he's, you know, well, of course he's not going to still own. That's the problem.
I wish that he would have moved him there and kept the ownership. That would be the best deal because they don't want nothing to do with it up there. They don't know hockey from a squash. They don't know a hockey puck from goddamn parsnips.
And they interviewed a lot of people in Nashville back on a CBC last year when they were doing this piece about all the rumors about at that time, the devil's moving there and all these rednecks. We don't know nothing about hockey. We don't want that here. You know, that kind of stuff.
So somebody's going to lose the big one on that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Be careful, man. About what? Don't let them get on and start talking about you know who? Okay, because we don't care about that anymore. Yeah, okay.
All right. Hey, I tell you man, I can't stand. I'm not talking about you know, I can't stand a dolphins. I can't stand the heat. Okay. Yeah, I'll never ever go to one of their games. Yes, sir. I despise the Marlons. I hate him like Ponscom. Right.
But I was willing to give the panthers a chance. Okay. Yeah, I was going to go to the game on Sunday. I wanted you know, to just to see what it's like because I've never been to a hockey game. Yeah.
But I'll tell you after hearing this. I don't know man. Now you still ought to come out. I want you to come out. But you know, we need some people there to make it at least exciting while we can.
Yeah, what's the last one of the last? I watched him on the sunshine network, man. They played a great game. Too bad there was nobody there to see it. Yeah, I mean, you know, I mean, they can.
And now when this one is thing totally leaks out. I mean, it's still in very rumor stage, but very, you know, very firm rumor. But when it completely bleeds and leaks out, man, you, you just wait till you see the backlash.
Yeah, I mean, I don't believe anything until I feel it in my own ass, but I can do my pants. Trust me, man. Get the Vaseline moment coming. So we find people. So what?
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. Wordsworth news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W I O D.
A lot of to do hour.
I think that he is buying everything that moves.
I'll be fall to hockey. Any. Why will video stores and using them to. And so we say. Oh, we think that you're okay. That's why we're begging.
Please buy on bloody. But. We pray safe and. Yeah, Bob. It's a big league town. All right. That's why the goddamn heat are going to be on.
And then I'm going to be on a goddamn light bulb. They're going to be on a station that can't be heard and brow.
Or tonight. Everything that goes on here, man, it's Mickey Mouse. It's on a level. It's embarrassing. It's in the sandbox.
And this thing on the front page, which I tried to tell you before we got that tip off called before on his rumor, which is very strong.
You know, whether or not like reacting to it like, wow, it's just another article. You know, all they're doing is giving it to you in code. Why don't they stop lying to you?
Why doesn't Mickey Harrison come right out and say we don't want the Panthers here. Good riddance. They're competing for the dollar with us.
Goodbye. People can't afford to come out to the heat and the Panthers. The ticket prices are too high. We're ripping you guys off.
So goodbye Panthers. Adios. And I won't work with that bald hated geek. I got enough money on my own. And instead of saying he will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami.
Why doesn't Wayne just come on and say I'm selling them to Nashville. I'm going to take my 50 or 60 or 70 million dollar profit, screw you people.
I wasn't in it for the game for the fans. I'm in it for the money. Just like I said the first time. Nothing has changed.
Including his goddamn complexion.
Oh, that's right. We got that crap. Here's a dear field beach. Hello.
Yeah, what's with the musical anchor women on channel seven?
What's with them? Yeah, I mean, every time I turn on channel seven news, they got somebody news that we're brings to the world.
Valley back. Okay. Well, don't turn on channel seven. That'll solve the problem. We have an open line and Broward 5249. Thanks, Woody. Get out of here.
524 W. I. D. Go say goodbye to your Nick Aragwood friends. They're up this street. Get him out of there. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Miami had the Panthers a great ol hockey team. But Wayne Heisengut said they wouldn't fit in his regime.
Oh, down the erudgers and all his fans. We have nothing to watch. But this thing. Okay, that was cute.
That was cute. And you didn't even hear it. I should just let it go on a year. I heard it. Oh, wasn't it cute?
I'm writing it down. Oh, we have an open line in day. It's seven five one nine four six three. So what's the story?
Here's Matt with Victor. Can this owner? He's still with cricket.
Mr. Newman or going to do something. What have happened? Yeah, Mr. Newman. We're going to do something.
The matter would happen. Oh, that's right. They're there. Look at that. Victor and cricket and Matt. Uh oh.
Mr. Newman. Uh oh.
Yeah, let's you and I have a talk.
Isn't that cute? I wonder Victor's going to write him a check. Do you think so? Probably Victor's got a goddamn tape recorder.
Look at the look on Victor's post. If you're not watching the young and a horny right now, you're missing.
And this is climactic. Yeah, thanks for bringing them by and I hope Paul finds some good stuff in his apartment.
Nice going cricket. You're the best sweetheart. And by the way, get a new hair. Get some new hair.
Now, what did you say about her yesterday? You wish that somebody would do her hair besides a prostitute?
No, the her makeup. Her eye makeup in particular. Oh, I see. Oh, come on. She's okay. That cricket. She's all right.
Here's a Weston on the purple line. Hello. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. How you been on going to help? Okay.
Well, I tell you, I saw three games last year, the pamphlet games. Yeah. And I think we lost two of them. We scored a combined total of about four goals in all three games.
Yeah. And then he gave me tickets for the opener. And that was the hell of an experience. That was really nice. Calgary game. Yeah. Yeah. The Calgary game.
Mm hmm. It's good to see him sticking the puck and sticking the net a couple of times. Yeah.
And now, of course, when things are getting looking up, things are really looking down. Yeah.
But anyway, I'm still a pamphlet. And even if they move, I think I'm about two more.
Well, what do you mean? What do you mean? Even if they move? You know, in other words, you're moving to Nashville? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I guess so. What the hell?
No, not quite. Oh, St Thomas is a lot better than Nashville. Hang on, pal. Purple. I take care of that guy.
We might send him out his way to St Thomas. Okay. They got a hell of a hockey team.
They're having a little trouble with their arena at the moment, but they'll put it back together. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I can't speak to Howard. Speak to Howard. Howard who? Howard Biel. Okay. We got Howard Biel right here for you, Paral. Hey, Howard. Howard, you got a call over here. Howard.
I'm not a hell. I'm not going to take this anymore. Here's the Palm Beach Gardens. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, pal? Listen, I just wanted to remind you.
There was one thing in the paper I you were on the air that Howard. How it's famed. What is it? Hello. I'm here. Okay.
It was a regarding when he was going to buy the heat and he was denying it. And then the guy in the paper said, if he likes swimming in denial so much, maybe he should move to Egypt. Right. And the same thing applies to OJ.
If he enjoyed swimming in denial so much, maybe he should move to Egypt.
Going to be getting pretty crowded over there pretty soon. I should take Johnny Cochering and everybody else and maybe they could open up a pyramid scam. How's that?
Yeah, I listen about the population deal. Yeah. There's one thing you can compare to your swimming pool. One day you go out there. It's a little. It's a little green. The next day. It's a little greener. The third day. Boom. Because it's not a linear progression. Right.
So in other words, the message is do not pee in the pool. Don't pee in the pool and keep it straight and don't make no more babies. I'm going to the game on the Sunday.
Yeah, I'm the first hockey game. I'm really excited. And then all of a sudden the wind has led out of my tail. That's okay. It'll still be great. Just put that in the back of your mind. Okay. Just put that on hold.
I'm telling on Jacobson show. You look great. I do look great. I'm a sex pot. Okay. I'll see you Sunday. Come by and say hi. All right. Now, okay.
Open line on a purple line at the 18 T wireless man at pound IOD. So in case you tune in late, there's a very, very strong room or right on the heels of this crap on the front page of the
game about Mr. Erison wants to build his arena down here on the waterfront by the goddamn port where they're going to build a cruise ship terminal and his four new cruise ships and all this other bull crap. I'm going to tell you again.
I'm going to tell you again. If you go to see the heat, if you buy those tickets, if you subsidize Mickey Erison, this to me is the most sinister man.
He makes Wayne look like Santa Claus. Okay. Mickey Erison. I've been telling you this for a long time, but you don't want to hear it. Is the most sinister man to come down the pike. And why don't we have casino gambling?
Why do we have this sewer of a town instead of having a paradise with lots of jobs and lots of money and lots of tourists? I'll tell you why because it's selfish people like this guy who don't want to see gambling come in here.
He would put those stupid make believe cruise ships out of business in a heartbeat and the Bahamas to Hank. How do you like that for some goddamn truth?
So these are the kind of people that are behind keeping his town in the stone age so they can have a stranglehold on all the money and then they turn around and belly a quiet you guys won't build us an arena. I only made a couple of billion dollars. Jesus.
Man, I'm crying all the way to the bank, baby. I'm crying for you, pal. I hope your goddamn ship sink.
Once 16 and W.I.D. Paul's got the flashlight out there. He said, Matt's apartment, all of a sudden we go to black and emmings. We're going to commercial God damn it. All the good stuff's coming up the next 10 minutes.
Okay, here's Miami. Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. All right. What's up? How you doing? Great. Listen. I'm a student at FIU, right? That's your problem. Yeah. Well anyway, me and my girlfriend, we always go out every weekend, whatever. And this weekend, I was doing something different.
And let's go to see the races, horse races, right? But I live in Miami. So I don't know where to go. You know, which where's where's a good place? You know, I know the race track would be a good place. Yeah, probably the track would be a real good place.
No, I know, but I mean, you're talking about Pomberto Park and yeah, but what place can I get? Cause that's, you know, that's real far. How about Calder? Where is that? Where is that? Do you know where Joe Robbie Stadium is? Uh huh.
Uh huh. Like right next door to it. Is that good? Well, what do you mean if you win, it's good. And if you lose it's not, I mean, it's not a dump, right? No, it's not a dump. It's fine. It's say a fine place. Just avoid all the old people with the blue hair. That's all.
Cause I heard once this girl told me she went to this thing at some race track. She went to a thing. Yeah. Yeah. And then she was like to the races anyway. So she was up there in some special booth. And she says it's so it's pathetic. The difference when you're up there and you go downstairs. You see everybody downstairs is like.
Dead beats. Yeah. Like a dead bee, you know, struggling like you don't go downstairs. Go like upstairs. Go up there and the, you know, with a hot shot. So they have good. Like food. Yes, they do. Calder actually has excellent foods, a matter of fact.
All right. And tell me, you know, like how to get there from day or should I just not be a, you know, how to get, you know, how to get to Joe Robbie Stadium? You know where the turnpike is?
Have you ever seen that thing called the turnpike? Yeah. Cause you sound like you don't leave home a lot. No, I'm terrible. Listen to me. Yeah. Yeah. You know where I 95 is? Yeah. Where do you live?
I live in Miami and Westchester. Oh, and Westchester. Where you're screwed. You can't get there from there. Why?
No, listen to me. Get on 95 and go north. Okay. You know how to go north on 95? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You go north.
You go to 95. He's going to go what you're going to send him way east. Well, you listen to me.
Shut up, George. Make it. Now he's trying to give you complicated directions. I'm making it simple.
You go to the turnpike. The Golden Glades interchange. They're okay. Turnpike north. Right.
Now you know the exit right after you get on the turnpike. The first exit is like 199. It's to Joe Robbie Stadium exit.
Okay. When you got to turnpike, 199. Right. Uh-huh. And you get off there and you go like kind of through where the stadium is.
You know that road along there. Mm-hmm. And you go out there on 27th ever whatever it is. And you make a right and you're right at call to race track.
You just make one turn. There'll be some schmuck standing out there saying, Hey, how do I get to call to it? It's right next to the stadium.
Okay. Okay. So I give you the easiest directions because you've only got to make like one turn.
I think you can make it. Huh? At what 20? What street at the corner where you got to make a right?
You go to the end of that first street there and you make a right. All right. Am you like? Do you get to find it? Huh? Where do you go? Where do I go?
Yeah. I go wherever to let me in. Have a great time pal. Get out of here. We have an open line in date. 7519 463. Oh, there's a Sharon and Nick.
Look at this. This is getting pretty intense now. She'll always be at your side.
Even though you were screwing my brains out and we weren't really married and the priest was make believe in the priest said father old tool.
God. Oh, Nick.
Hey, Nick. No lipstick. Say, huh? You're looking a lot but you're I'll tell you that sweetheart. Let's see what you got.
This is so emotional. So make believe. I'm going to show you something. Do you hear that? I'm going to show you something before you see it.
I want you to know I already checked it out. God's Nick. Everything is so big. What is it? It's a note. It's a letter. It's something. What is it? This is two tenths. I'm sorry, but I'm just so well right. It says.
Justice of the peace called fraud. Oh my God. See, she just find it out that they were thought they were married and they're not and they were doing the wicked.
They were doing the deed like I mean over and over and over like a lot. A lot. Oh no. Look at that. This can't be happening to me. Oh no.
The best.
Okay, you better turn this on. Okay, I'm telling you they're going to have like a shot fit right here at the end of that show.
Okay, let's do a break and when we come back, we're going to really solve this Wayne problem, this Mickey Erison problem. We're going to solve this arena problem.
We're going to keep the panthers here. We're going to start taking control of our own destiny. Okay.
And if these people try screwing with us, we know who to call.
610 W I O D. Sit people with power to it's right there. You best dude. Look, it's lucky the little green lunch at Khan quick. Let's get him. He's got the kinky charm.
Oh, the rascals. Kinky charms. A lustful and nutritious way to start the day. Just look what's inside. White chains. Blue whips. Red handcuffs. And pink hearts. With green leather clovers. I can't let them catch me. I'm going to get away.
Oh, don't pat me behind with this hair brush faster and faster and faster. Get the hair brush. You gotta be put it for not eating your lunch and gear.
Don't stop. Well, kinky charms, the victory that loves to be eaten.
What do you say the panthers are packing them in. They're out to the fans with their pack and they okay. Don't drop the vasoline jar on a way in the arena. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
hollywood hello yes sir boy i'm dying over here from what well now i was just
on hold for a little over twenty minutes and that's not bad don't don't give up
on this high thing a thing i'm telling you the guy give up on me no just keep
saying what you're saying because uh... well i've been saying it for two years
well you know maybe maybe self-floor to wake up and like you say
well grasp reality i don't think so
and i'll give you an example when i have those stupid tailgate parties over
jrs before the dolphin games even though i'm not there i get spy reports
and they tell me that when he gets up there on that stage and they announce
him everybody's cheering i win you know like these people really love them
that they don't know what a backstabber he really is you know the guy gets on
he buys all this stuff and says you know i'm the greatest investment and then
a year later he says well we're losing money and the tickets go up and you know
we're getting it up but not just tickets alone
and uh...
you know we need is a funny character but i i think with all the money in
self-floor to one hell don't we get our own team and say the act with all
these professionals and get guys to play with their hearts
and i think we can pay fifteen dollars for the ticket
and i don't think they can get our own thing about a hundred and ten of what
of who
i don't know but
with all the talent that self-floor to have an all the money you don't think
that we couldn't do something and teach these
these months and i'll teach him something okay a suckers born every minute let's
get our own team okay we don't got nobody to play we got no league we got no
arena we got no nothing but let's get our own team let's go out there and do
a little rollerblading okay what do you say well i did hear yesterday the
george's rollerblading and that makes me very suspect because he's always
talking about how sick he is and everything so those of you think that you're
getting really good exercise and going to be in real good health by going out
there and rollerblading dream on baby i'm sick from this place oh well i'd
explain to us we have an open line in broard five two four night yeah look at
that look at all man look at those vents up there again huh since very cold was
here what was that two years ago about two and a half years ago nobody's even
touched that damn thing in the vents either well that's all right we just
till that big mouth starts opening his mouth again because it's not financially
expedient for others at this time to worry about the health of our employees
right that a boy bob here's a guy who's going to straighten it all out for us did
you notice when you're in italy how much better your fear when you take away
of stress and you right good meal absolutely i felt i just got back i felt
from italy but from where oh we uh we flew into Milan got the hell out of
there right away went over to Venice stayed in Venice a couple days well that's
right you told me this whole itinerary it seems like only moments ago
yeah i know how it's Venice because i i've never been there but i hear it's pretty
you i'll tell you what you will love it really the food there is as good as
Rome or as good as Florence yeah the um the ambiance
if the streets are so tight and it just has it's just the streets are so what
that they're tight the roads are real now you don't have any cars
yeah right and it's all walking oh wait a minute i just messed the end of the show here
matten uh and victor were having some kind of a conversation here
something no seriously something heavy duty must have been said because they
don't end the week on a friday without some really traumatic thing
and it's over dammit okay go ahead i'm sorry but anyway we ran a car which is
which is probably a mistake but anyway we went from uh
Florence to Rome through the through sienna yeah and hit all the little vineyards and we stopped
in a town called san jiminiano you ever heard of that no i have not oh that was a nice
really Italian though very very that was the nicest part of the trip the countryside
is absolutely beautiful it is the people and i well i saw the countryside between
roman and florins because we went there in the train yeah oh you did see it
mm-hmm did that go along the auto bonner was that kind of through the mountains the auto bon
yeah whatever the hell they express way the auto bon in italy i don't know what they call it
auto it was out in the country but anyway where the hell did we go wrong i mean the people over
there have such passion for everything they do from yeah from me to tell you where we went wrong
we're having british ancestors that was where we started wrong and it's gone downhill from there
that's right i'll tell you what the people in Rome are so beautiful they are my my wife is going
absolute the police they all look like they're 21 to 24 year old they all look like the models
but they're all over the place and you feel very safe my wife got one of them the handcuff and
throw in the back of the car i know it's amazing they really they really are the nicest people
and and did you notice one thing the people over there they're enjoying their lives they have no
desire to be here they're not lined up at the immigration thing waiting to come to america they do
like the american music and american clothing they like that the chachkes but in terms of their own
life over there man they they're love they're very happy people even and they and they live very
much most of them very modest lifestyle but they're real happy american music even without
the strip shopping centers cigarettes and holly david's right that's what they want that's all they
want right but listen you don't see fat people very few you don't see crying i'm not just babies
and crying kids right kids are all happy you know why it's because of the way they eat right i mean
i felt i didn't watch anything i just ordered an i ate and i felt great there you go at the lines
the cheeses the bread it's like why can't we do anything like that right but we had a blast we
went this is america that's why so we were in Rome we went to we stayed in Rome for about four
days oh great um and then we went over to capri and oh it's beautiful huh naples is a dump i'll
tell you what's really interesting when you fly out of there and you fly right over capri and
what's the other island there right now well serenzo the non-spanenzolo capri no big island there
capri is the biggest island no but what's the other island there where napoleon was exiled to
elba yeah yeah it's just north of capri you know what i did find out while i was over there
it was kind of interesting my great grandfather was a mafioso dom and Sicily and died in prison
so that was kind of interesting yeah figures so anyway i from what you got left out of the whole
guy i don't know i don't know but everybody tells me you got to go to Sicily for what it's just so
beautiful oh no you know i don't i don't a grab never been there you've been there no i haven't
nah forget that oh i hear it's like well it's totally it's very Mediterranean so let me just
now you didn't get to napoles right i did we drove through napoles but i can dump it is that's
that's what i'm getting to the further south you get romas as far south as you really want to go
yeah because the farther south you go the more poverty there is and when you get down to napoles
they're shleppers there's a million gypsies all over the place and by the time you get to
Sicily the only people got any money are the people who have broken those like 25 fingers marino
i got well i hear Sicily's not like that yeah right i hear right there's a lot of money
roma around since the little i got to tell you great gypsy story yeah we know all about him
before we went over there how do you know that well i just friends friends that have been there
because i told you about it that's why yeah well i said but anyway so everybody's telling me
use garbage zip tides on your fanny packs and on your you know on everything you can use to make
it harder for them to get in to make it harder yeah so listen there are two there's two German
couples real stout staunchy arrogant cocky yeah they're in we're right in front of the Vatican
and these two gypsy women with infants and two little kids go right up to and pull the newspaper trick
right they put the newspaper on the chin well a little usually they have big pieces of card
on it hold up to distract you while they're uh you emptying out your pockets you know the kid
went underneath the newspaper got in his fanny pack and got i don't know what he got out yeah
right he walks uh she pulls the newspaper way he realizes his fanny pack is open he goes and grabs
the gypsy while she's got her infant in her hands yeah grabs her by the neck she pulls up her top
and shows him her breasts and starts screaming he backs out and then they all scatter like that's
out of hell i mean it was great he just stand there and build up so that was kind of fun yeah
but the new trick now were they big yeah though they were huge and they were fake no there um the
new thing now is they hand you the baby they'll like throw the baby at you so you'll go to catch it
yeah and then the way the respond of that is to just drop it yeah smack it hit it with the
base back when it's it's everything just gonna be another gypsy so uh you know kill it the
the women the women over there are absolutely stunning and we're almost as pretty as the guys
right it's everything everybody says it is and more there you go and we have no clue here that's
right no clue yep mom glad you found out for yourself you don't think i'm just being a sourpuss
no in closing have a good day open line on a green line one eight hundred void why i have to go
bad it's 133 at wio d six ten wio d muds linging with the best of them grab my junior honey
oh easy and the videos the head of the gambie knows they're raking their own two
the godly family he wears expensive attire you cross him you'll lay fire you ride with the spurt
tire the godly family standing the wall
daily a desk standing the nose teddy the truck Tony the lift
so if you think you're part of there's people that you can't stop you won't find things are
up in the godly family was that 20 to lip marino he was talking about or what 139 at wio d so i
guess we don't have to worry about too much more parking after next a couple of months at the arena
here's pember pines hello yeah neal yes sir it's just a hockey game yeah so why you belly aching so much
because i feel like it you know people call it up a duff and it's in their belly aching
yeah so what do you belly aching your belly aching about your belly aching about our belly aching what do
you belly aching about what do you belly aching about belly aching about you yeah well go go go go get
naked your belly pal we have an open line in power five two four nine four six three five two four
w i d like i said we'll survive without it we live with with we know what i'm saying we'll
survive not here's a bokeh hello guilty guilty here's a cruel spring's hello
neal yes sir how the hell are you buddy things going okay yeah i feel like belly aching though
yeah that's what that guy was talking about like you can belly aching all you want your dot god damn show
yeah hey listen um somebody's holding your gun to his head and making him listen i ran into a woman
i was in a store this morning i ran into a woman and she's looking at me and she finally comes over
and says you are near rangers i said yes she says oh well you know my husband when you were on
mornings on another station years ago he used to make me listen to your show every morning and i
conjured up the image of her husband sitting there at the breakfast table with a gun to her head
with a radio turned up real out you know what i'm saying yeah i trust him i'll listen every morning
i try to get my wife to listen to yesterday but she wouldn't do it really i don't know why
well what what the hell is her problem no sense of humor that fucking bitch her name's when you
can tell her again lenn oh i wonder she's got no sense of humor with name like lenn yeah no doubt
yeah i got a couple things that was gonna ask you yeah is Wayne he's in a circumcise because i know
he likes everything at a discount i'm wondering if if he is i don't know yes he is okay good uh and also
i just found out last night that he's a homeless wini yes you're i think his four skins on his head
i can't be sure but i found out that your boy Luis Miguel yeah he's got a girlfriend
you know something you are so slow pal you're so slow are you gonna feed me this daisy
phoenix crap okay is that what you're gonna feed me daisy phoenix any butter or BMW i didn't know
about the being in addition to which let's suppose that's all for real which i know for a fact that
it's not but let's suppose it's for real okay what about it what difference does it make
i just thought of you when i heard it that's so who cares you're right am i gonna be his boyfriend
you would like to see lust yes i would does he lust for my body i don't think so if you knew
there you go hey and also i'm a little out of touch with this adkins diet where can i get the book
is only down in my amy i'm up in nowhere anywhere you are like in a more in the big bookstore
Walden books or any of those Dalton huh how about like borders sure no problem they got it up here they
got it and the book too right okay can i call somebody a douche bag yeah hey my killman you're a
douche bag okay go get it thank you and the book open line of broward five two four nine four six
three five two four w i don't forget Howard whipperman wiperman whatever that is president of
the buffalo club of florida is going to be on with Brad the burger bell modi five to six on the
fill Henry show this afternoon or did you uh check it out here's my amy on the purple line hello
meal yes sir are you paying for this call and start at this uh yes i personally am right thank god
listen you've been over to the new uh lot of another to eat yet no that food is great i'm sure it is
and uh um they both said to say hello carol and show them out oh yeah they sent me a nice note
yeah they're great people in the food terrific great and uh both so uh we just got back from
Italy for the third time a few weeks ago and what is that poll poll harpy junior on a phone before
yeah yeah everything he said is uh i seconded immensely where did you go we went to row Venice
uh Florence and then we spent four days up in Lake Lugano which is beautiful
mm-hmm right up here by the Swiss border right and i tell you i have to get up there it's uh a little
late back but the food and the scenery and the people are just wonderful great so you know
so i could go back for uh christmas all right getting the hell out of this place now you're talking
yeah because i mean they have it over us so much uh it's unbelievable yeah all right listen one
other thing oh jay sucks okay pal hi see ya that's what his best friends say that's the rumor oh
there he goes again it's that racist son of a bitch oh my god okay can't help myself i'm
relentless we have an open line it's on that purple line that's the 18t wireless of in your car
right now you reach over and pick that baby up and uh pounded pound iod and you never know what
will happen we pay for it here's a lady in hollywood hello Neil yes ma'am hi i'm glad i was able to
get through so far so far i wanted to give you an update on roza lopez yeah
yeah a roza you can hear my dog barking because all the people are walking by my house yeah um there's
quite a few people out there today again unfortunately they've got all these barricades they're walking
right in the middle of the street you try to drive on the street and they don't move and they
look at you like well what are you doing in a car on the street you're not supposed to be on the
sister married Catherine he's okay okay okay uh it's uh open the door and let him go get a few of
them okay wipe those bastards out those crazy fools you know and if Virgin Mary is really over there
how come the pope didn't go to visit her when he was here last week oh he was busy up there in
Georgia with that other crazy bitch you know and someone told me that they she was recently ruled
like medically incompetent or something incontinent yeah yeah that's what i heard and the cop on duty out there
told me that roza lopez is people called the police station last night and asked them to please
have the barricades up by eight eight o'clock this morning so in other words he's running a police
department to open the mayor of hollywood all right that's great nice tonight are nice to know that
the virgin marion a roza lopez are running the city over there that's great they are isn't that
life is a beach yeah okay good luck sweetheart thank you Neil see you bye bye how do you like that it's
the 13th of the month again so all the uh getchkees are over there with a roza lopez to see the
virgin marion at totenos pepperoni and sausage pizza all right there she is it's the virgin Mary
sister married Catherine oh my god a bunch of crazy people running around out there a bunch of
lunatics running around on the loose all over this world with their god damn baloney we saw that
look up into clouds it's jesus it's moses there's uh it's uh it just spelled on the word sex up in a
cloud there see if some of these people will get their head out of the clouds you know what i'm saying
maybe they see something down here on the earth but i doubt it so anyway pretty mediocre response
to it and i think uh you ought to be pleased to know that nobody's going to have an nervous breakdown
about the fact the weight is stickiness in the back and Mickey Ererson is the biggest piece of
turd that ever came down to pike nobody cares about that because this is a town that refuses to
really care too much and that's probably a good thing because if you did care a lot you'd blow your
brains out so i think you're probably adopting the right altitude here's the lady in north Miami
beach hello good afternoon nail how are you today okay nail i'm very upset with the american
public and i think there's only one way for us to redeem our power the american public about what
what are you upset about about something that you have not wanted to discuss today yeah but i
think that the american well why don't you find something else to think about okay forget about
that it's not gonna you're gonna like this you're gonna like this whether i like it or not that's
what i'm telling you i think you need to get a hobby my job is good doesn't cost a lot for a set
yeah now bring up something else bridge no okay anyway i think that the american
public is good for a few months and it should demand that oj be brought to federal court yeah okay
well listen find a look get out of here i'm not talking to you okay go get a life
like i told you before i'm so sick and tired of these god damn women the millions of them out there
this all they know is oj oh j and of course like i said yesterday go home and every one of these
shows it just it just now dawned on me why all of these shows are perpetuating this crap because who's
home at that time well the women they can't get enough of it they're obsessed with all these talking
head stupid god damn shows with all these make believe people on their heaven verbal fist fights
on a year and how can i try to come out oj oh j thank god jane blowmatch your ass lady and get out
of my face she's very upset with the american public well what about oj yeah that's the problem
we got in this country is oj we should demand this and we we should demand that you cut the crap
that's what we should demand lady that you cut the bull crap with your oj business okay
i say officially enough already today i don't give a crap if he confesses over the weekend
enough with his damn oj oh man yeah screw you two man
but how come time magazine did make him so damn black you know that's what montel was all
upset about yesterday that that to me seriously somebody should have been shot on that show yesterday
i'm telling you right now he's on there pretending to be doing a show about how awful it is that the
media is turning this into a racial thing and he's having practically a race ride right there on a god
damn ear he's got the whites in a black center screaming at each other and this poor god damn woman
is trying to say ten words i told you we're discussing race here today you forgot what we're talking
you stupid bitch you're spoiling the whole damn deal and how come time did make him so black
as if somehow that has something to do with anything we only started suspecting he was guilty
after time made him so black that's part of the big white conspiracy to darken the images of all
blacks the only one they left out was montel he looks looks looks pretty white to me and doesn't
he have a white wife by the way i think we found out blonde yeah oh yeah blonde white white though
some of these guys they like the blondes baby former stripper with fake talk about the pot calling
the kettle Caucasian she's got fake boobs too what she must have three of them then
you got your Yankees and rads braves and indians little college football here's some hockey over there
pant riley says focus on the players not the coach what does that all mean nothing until you say dolphins
now you're talking dolphins on radio news talking entertainment radio six ten w i o d
okay one fifty three at w i d by the way there's another rumor that i just started the dolphins
are moving to Los Angeles which i think is going to get a lot of people even more upset
here's the mobile implantation hello uncle male yeah you're the best uncle male yeah
if they lose you if they lose everything hey Neil you know why uh oh jay's going to do well in prison
let's go to a north mind me be cello male yes sir yeah great show buddy okay listen uh i want to
a little talk about politics today politics yeah something let's get off like all the crap politics yeah
so yeah let's talk about something really meaningful politics front runner for 96 who do you like
front runner for 96 yeah i would say match sundine i was thinking Eric Desher down huh no he's a
defenseman man yeah yeah yeah yeah but uh that's why they always stay at the rear i just came down
here from Connecticut since last november yeah i think i'm in a foreign country you are
what do you mean you think you're in a foreign did you bring your passport i hope because you might
get deported pretty soon i think they're gonna deport me you'll never get out no they won't deport you
just you'll never get out oh my god i'll never get back into the states and what what what i can't
believe is still gram and bob dole coming to Miami speaking to the Cuban saying yeah oh okay no problem
we can have spanish and english official languages liberty power cuba liberty power cuba
here you go jesus man we need to send some of these thank god we don't kind of politicians that
pandered into these hysterical ethnic groups you know what i'm saying thank god we don't have that
we need to start like exporting some of these Cubans back some of these cubans you just got
here from Hartford and you're picking on a cubans already what those wrong with that what about
ever seen a group so cocky and you're talking about the exiles okay those old parts they'll be
dead pretty soon they're all dying off don't worry about how come there's not an Italian exa
community or there is there is the runaway over to uh assistily right now as a matter of fact if
you don't watch yourself they're gonna get your ass i couldn't believe that day go get with the
called get with the program man and stop being such a god damn my jackass okay hey jack
great life here is a hollywood hello Neil how are you okay hey about this oh jager yeah
we have an open line in date seven five one w i o d one and proud the answer is yes by the way
five two four nine four six three and two out of it how do you like those last two calls put
together there huh huh let's go for three in a row so we can get to coup the clocks and the clanders
oh liberty power cuba liberty power cuba okay let's see how many times he needs to say that before
that thing comes back on liberty power cuba three liberty power cuba what's wrong liberty power cuba
chinkway liberty power cuba six oh don't say sex under here that's bad here's a deer field hello
hello Neil yes sir how you don't okay i'm curious you keep on talking about okay no i do not keep
talking about rojay everybody that calls talking about rojay they get hung up on like you
here's the western on the purple line hello kill yes sir what's up buddy what can we do for you pal
hey you got to calm down man i'm very calm i'm almost in a coma what can we do for it like i said
the first time it's raining cats and dogs okay thanks for the good report here's Miami hello
yeah how you doing okay hey good talk to you good last ten minutes here we'll solid the
ten minutes of broadcasting yes sir okay yeah couple things i wanted to talk to you first
bowl about the concerts yeah i was able to get a hold of the tickets on sunday for sundayshow
right and looking forward to it i wanted to take my wife over there and she'll love it oh good
no i might enjoy it too yeah i'm hoping so one other thing um we were thinking about moving over to
broword we haven't decided to be going moving over to broword from where from date oh but you do
have a passport then well i'm hoping okay um let me ask you something as far as recycling
anything what's better to go to a bank or a mortgage institution or at least in your opinion
i've never done it so i'd be the last one to give you any advice really yeah
if we were to consider broword where would you consider something like pember of pion or holy
whether pember pyes would be great right out there by all those old people oh my god what is
uh and there's a good mcdonalds out there to right in the corner of taft and hiatus
i bet you george eats there all the time right next to a publics and records and at pizza joint
and that guy that i doctor that don't know nothing here's a mobile in north mimey beach hello
nail yes sir i'm a man from canetticate right outside of harford and i'd like to say a couple of
things how do we get two people from canetticate like out of four cars that i have possible i've
been here three years yeah the guy get the get used to the humans well neck i was just picking on
everybody was just an ass you know i love the whalers man yeah except for one thing well they're
going to be leaving two men a good like seven thousand people are game they're on the way out you
know what when i was i went up in Memphis 10 years ago they raised their prices to like 30 dollars
yeah for the worst seats in the place yeah and that was 10 years ago they're sure packing them in
arthay man oh hey the harford whalers long good thing about the whalers when you buy a seat in the
upper uh the nosebleeds seats you can sit right down there by the glass because there ain't nobody
there there ain't nobody there right where we're the training spot for the rest of the whole and they
just they got a crappy team too by the the worst they really suck i like the broans okay good luck
to pal they stay two by the way saw them a little bit last night against the sharks i don't know
who won a game but the Fred was getting psychotic but the broans looked like the same old broans they
do the same every year they're like a day late in the dollar short they just they just don't have
that fire somebody needs to light a fire under their ass here's a hi alia hello hey uncle niel yes sir
we smgel god you put me a god yes that's fun it is too what albums that on what album is it on it's on
what's the name of that album George it's like the one that's in that thing in here it's like the old
one where he's like uh what is the name of that oh it's called soy como kerosar that's what it's
called okay i'll come back why don't you know what do you mean what do you mean look like that George
that's the name of the album why aren't you gonna meet him niel what do you mean i'm gonna meet him
and i'm taking him on i'll ride yeah hey go give him a big squeeze and tell me a love him okay
i'll give him a little time for you pal okay okay buddy uh so anyway i'm gonna take him home you won't
see him that day he won't see him no more i'll guarantee you that i'm gonna lock him i'll put him
away in a closet and uh once in a while i'll put it up and check him out throw him a bone so anyway
i guess uh that's pretty much pretty much it for the week i just want to close with a very important
message in fact i got it for two people first of all for Wayne you son of a bitch but more
especially i want to send it out to our good close personal friend the frankenstein is out
floor to mckie erison you son of a bitch
