Get push!
Hey, f**k them!
Oh!
Get manned it!
Hey, f**k them!
Oh!
Let me shut up!
God damn it!
News talk and entertainment radio, 610.
WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Yeah!
To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date.
524 WIOD in Broward.
Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free.
1-800-944 WIOD.
And so you know, one customer can call pound IOD at no charge.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show, a news talk and entertainment radio, 610.
WIOD.
You're not going to pay for it, you're not going to pay for it.
Do you like books alive?
Yes, I like books alive.
Booms alive, books alive.
You got like books alive.
Really like books alive.
You got like books alive.
Booms alive, books alive.
You got like books alive.
Now, in the light room, your sweet boy.
Been down the locker room with all that noise.
Think you do you like books alive.
You got like books alive.
Booms alive, books alive.
You got like books alive.
Do you weigh your chocolate?
Yes, the women's chocolate.
Got you in your chocolate.
Got you in your chocolate.
Got you in your chocolate.
Chocolate, chocolate.
You got to weigh your chocolate.
Got you in your chocolate.
You got to weigh your chocolate.
Give me a head of like a lung.
Give me a head of like a lung.
Give me a head of like a lung.
Give me a head of like a lung.
If I had a lung, I'd fall for that being round.
There all around, just like those ladies dance around.
You've got to weigh your chocolate.
Oh wait here!
Do you like books like internet?
Recompseled you kind of likes books like internet?
Recomp sihalling all Robel soapy boys
We've got a lot to do with all that's wrong
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
She can do your act with some act
They've all been schlecht
Wow you got a beard
You've got a beard
JWALA
HABIT
You've got a beard
You've got a foot
You've had a foot
You've had long
IF I HAD A long
They've all been
They're being loud, they're all around.
10 past 10 at WIOD. Happy, what the hell day is it?
Wednesday to you.
You know, when you have that extra day holiday,
you just still lost. Happy Thursday, like let's get out of here for the weekend.
So I did see that thing on Channel 4 News last night and approved to be on a
shadow of a doubt what a silly goose that the cigarette always.
Did you see the part where he looked Ron Bennington right in the face?
And he asked him that stupid question.
Have you guys ever seen each other's penis?
I mean, I thought to me that was probably the lowest piece of trash I've ever seen
in the history of journalism.
And how about that Newt Gingrich and his mother on CBS this morning day, huh?
Oh, yes!
She's a bitch.
Oh, sorry.
Did anybody see that?
That was a beautiful thing.
I thought he was going to get up and smack Paul Azana a couple of times,
beat her up around the shoulders and the armpits and just Hollas.
It was a beautiful thing.
By the way, speaking of freebies, I do have something about once a month.
We have a periodic thing.
If I can use that expression, Shindler's List.
Look at this double set, double videocassette.
Shindler's List.
So if we have any old Jew that wants this, it'd be more than happy to give it to him.
Still in his plastic container.
Shindler's List as in boy.
So anyway, the big news, which we had it on here here first, like weeks ago.
How many weeks ago do we have that on here?
About Castronova going over to Azeta?
About two weeks ago?
Yeah, at least something like that.
Maybe a 10 days ago.
The Castronova was going over there and that Ron and Ron would be dead meat.
And Rick Riley, of course, has all been out of shape because he feels that we've been treated unfairly
or that he's been treated unfairly.
And he ought to get used to it because that's the way this town is.
The local media in this town sucks.
There are a bunch of morons.
You have a bunch of stringers who write for the newspapers.
And if you think that they're going to ever give you a fair shake, all they know is howard this and howard that.
And Larry King this and Lardass Limbaugh that and Michael Jackson this and Madonna that.
And that's about 10 rows in.
We can't leave her out.
The hype people.
Arnold and Slice Deloam with his $20 million movie that hasn't even been written yet.
That's what the life is all about, man.
That's what it's all about is hype.
We're not the hype, like I told Rick, we're not the masters of hype.
We're the masters of being comatose in this place.
Oh, we got a great station, but let's not tell anybody about it.
Don't say it too loud.
Somebody might find out.
Listen and enjoy it.
Okay.
But anyway, I told you about the Ron and Ron thinking about Castronova.
Are they up to the teas yet?
Anzada, they're doing their A through Z.
Like I told you yesterday.
And then they're going to go into their progressive, their alternative.
Whatever the hell it's going to be.
They're going to be right up there against she.
They're going to be doing AOR.
And now we're going to have two AOR stations to split the 2.8 share that she has been doing.
So they can both do about a one something, which will be right in line with Buddy Bud Paxons territory.
Here was the only claim to fame.
Here's a guy that's got a $12 million house on 75,000 radio stations and a bunch of other crap.
And did it all through that schlock home shopping network, which is where he made all of his money.
And also buying and selling a lot of distressed radio stations for fun and profit.
Who knows nothing about this business.
Who wouldn't know a good show if he'd bid him on the ass.
And the only claim to fame he ever had in any of his stations was the Ron and Ron show.
Whether I elected or not, that was another story I've already spoken my piece on that.
But that was his only claim to fame.
So now he's got casted over there playing the more music more often on radio or rock revelry.
Whatever the hell that means starting tomorrow morning.
And going to do about a one five or a two share in the morning.
They're back to obscurity like Zeta has been since somebody I know left there in the morning.
Seven years ago, they're going to go right back in a crapper.
And buddy, but it's going to be at least be consistent.
That's what I've always said in life.
If you can't be good, at least be consistent.
That's what they are consistently invisible in the ratings.
They have no audience.
Whether it's INZ.
By the way, did we ever tell that Elaineette to her story in detail?
Do we know any more about that?
The fact that she got blown out over there is news directoris.
And the reason that nobody is talking about is because she is suing them in a sex discrimination suit.
She started suing before they blew her out.
Oh, I see.
Well, I can't imagine why they blew her out then.
She was suing and then they fired her.
That's a surprise.
A smart movie, Lane Honey.
Nice move, baby.
And get that nose.
They're refixed.
She had a nose for news that Elaineette tore.
So she goose them up to about a what about a one share?
So this market continues to amazing us down.
So there's an article in the herald and one in the sunset,
and I'll which I'll get into.
Also, I have gun.
I got tons of crap today, man.
Oh, what are these people want?
They want that chindler's list?
Look at that.
I sat down here like a big and empty board basically.
Nobody gives a crap about anything because they're still looking at their wounds about the U of M.
And boy, I got plenty to say about that too about the University of Miami and that outlaw football program.
In fact, this whole thing that goes on in sports today, this step in fetchant mentality,
which is totally unacceptable, totally unacceptable.
And most people, they'll talk about it in private, but you're not supposed to talk about it in public.
I think the NAACP autosuit every one of these universities, especially the University of Miami,
for allowing this kind of behavior to be seen in public.
Going out there and acting like something out of a step in fetchant from like 50 years ago,
putting on this damn, I'm telling you, if you talk about promoting stereotypes and prejudice,
that's exactly what these guys are doing with their stupid clown act.
And people are real, and you know, people are laughing at them.
They're not laughing with them, they're laughing at them.
So black people in this country want to continue to be kept in the dark ages,
if you point that expression, here's the perfect way to do it.
Is keep fulfilling the stereotype, man.
Just keep going out and having these guys go on there and do their step in fetchant routine.
And meanwhile, everybody has laughing at them.
Trust me when I tell you guaranteed, everybody has to say the same thing.
They don't want to say it on the air because, well, we don't talk about these things in polite conversation.
But what's polite about it?
It's rude, it's crude, it's obnoxious, and it's unacceptable behavior.
And screw these guys.
So anyway, we got the press release from Ron and Ron here also.
I did not see the thing on Channel 4 News last night where Tony Segredo asked them.
Have you guys ever seen each other's penis food?
But I hear about George's sought. You saw it yourself.
And, you know, of course there's several sides to the story, and generally speaking,
there's a lot of liars all the way around.
Like on the one hand, you know, Murzky saying one thing,
and then on the other hand, they're claiming that it was the announcement of the DS's wife having AIDS,
which is why the show got yanked off in Miami and Jacksonville, which is not the truth,
because they already knew about that months and months and months and months ago,
and now they're trying to say, oh, gee, just a couple of days after the announcement,
the show gets yanked off the year, and that's why they're taking us off the year,
which has nothing to do with it.
So, you know, that kind of reinforces the things that we were hearing ten days ago,
about the fact that they were using this announcement to try to build up sympathy,
and to try to get the packs and to renew their contract.
You know, I mean, you talk about crass.
Okay, I know there are a lot of guys who like their show, a young, you know,
18 to 34 males, especially, they had an audience, although it was diminishing rapidly,
and Howard was blowing them off the map quickly.
And they were already on the way down.
Rick would be very upset if I didn't mention that.
Rick and the suds were taking plenty of their audience.
They were already on the way down and out.
But to use something like that, the guy's wife's illness, she's got AIDS,
and to use that to try to exploit a situation, which is what a lot of people perceive it to be,
is about as crass and low as you can go.
I mean, that's just the unconscionable.
But there are a lot of people who believe that that's what they did.
And it didn't work.
Ten, seventeen at WIOD.
So we got just a pile of crap to go on here.
Who wants that damn movie, by the way?
Is there old Jews on the phone?
Unless they're an old Jew, they're not going to get it.
At least over the age of 200.
I want chandeliers to list.
What's the deal giving away?
And of course, if they're old Jews, they probably don't have a VCR anyway.
So what's the deal here, huh?
Sixteen, WIOD.
Pre-mature modulation.
Hello!
Hi, it's Peewee Herman.
Take it from me.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Today's fast-paced world holds its share of headache.
Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report.
Do it again.
Oh, yes, sir.
Got a problem?
No, sir.
Under some pressure, huh?
Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode, and aspirin doesn't do anything.
Well, here, take some ibuprofen.
Ibuprofen?
Well, I'll try anything.
Oh, and dirty rotten stuff.
I'm pulled up.
So Peewee think he's talking to.
I had to make a little...
Do his own...
Report.
Feel better?
Yeah, what's in ibuprofen?
Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio except our secret ingredients, screw them all.
Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind.
Oh, here comes your boss.
Look, I want this report done even if you have to work through your lunch hour.
Listen, I'm not...
What are you going to get off your...
...and do some work around here?
Oh, I see.
You take ibuprofen.
Yeah.
I take it too.
You lazy piece of...
Oh, no, sir.
I'm the cop here.
I do profe.
You're only a fucking derailleur.
1023 at WIOD.
So anyway, let's start with Pat Curry, our good close personal friend who now pedals her crap to the herald
as the radio writer for the herald.
A son sent a little blue ass out, so now she's over with the herald.
Is she still writing too? Did you see her?
She watched Channel 4. Did you see her?
Her doing her.
I didn't see the piece of...
...puts.
I didn't see the Puts piece.
So what were they talking to her about?
What does she know about anything?
They let her get like a certain sin.
Yeah, I got a sentence for her 10 to 20.
Bitch.
So anyway, Ron and Ron off Zeta 4, cast her over and brew her replaced them.
Fans of Radio's Rockets, Ron and Ron cheer went for a disappointing drive time today.
The city-hitted show was dropped Tuesday by Zeta 4.
Zeta 4 and its owner, Pax and Communications, announced Tuesday afternoon that the 6th to 10 AM show had been replaced.
Effective today by South Florida Radio veterans, Paul Castrono balls and Ron Brewer.
Pax had also dropped the show Tuesday from its Jacksonville station, but it continues on the year on the it's Orlando affiliate.
Now I didn't know that.
They own a station in Orlando that it's on?
So what does that mean?
I don't understand what the hell that means.
In addition to which if they were dropping the show because DS's wife has got AIDS, how come they're leaving it on the year in Orlando?
Probably because the contract is not for renewal, I would imagine.
But Pat Curry doesn't go delve in deeply enough to give us that information.
I'm sure somebody in the audience like the Phantom Informer can let us know what the deal is with that.
In response, Ron and Ron show officials issued a news release implying that the show had been dropped as a result of an on-ear announcement in December that Ron DS's wife Debbie is suffering from AIDS.
We're surprised because we had already told Pax and communications that we're going through a transitional phase.
Co-host Ron Bennington said we told them that Ronnie would have to miss some dates because of his wife's illness.
And they told us we had the full support and love of Pax and the full support and love of his holy highness.
Mr. Born again, Mr. Holier than now, Mr. I would stab my grandmother in the back if I could make a few bucks on it, buddy bud.
Another one of these good, Born again, Christens with his $12 million house.
$12 million house. People are starving on the streets and this man is building a goddamn $12 million house attribute to greed and being a good Born again, Christian with his Christian manual.
I wonder if Paul Castret always read that baby yet because it is mandatory reading Paul.
You're going to have to turn into an immediate J Barker.
No touching below the waist, no touching above the waist, no touching anything. Hands behind your back or straight up in the air.
Anticozont about the ratings in his son Ed and about Neil Murseki, the program director says it was a matter of ratings.
They were off. They were going down.
Bap, bap, bap. And then of course there's a son sentinel spin on it, which the son sent a lot of page 2b or not to be or 2a on the inside.
People in the news stern bumps Ron and Ron, which ain't even mentioned basically in the other article.
But the Melissa Ruggieri, which is Rogers and Italian, of course, member of the family, stern bumps Ron and Ron, just four months after invading the sound flow to radio market.
The Howard Stern show has claimed its first casually the first of many Melissa were all going off the air because Howard's on here in Miami as in all packing up our little kid bag and leaving.
Now Melissa, you stupid bitch.
WZTA home of the one time ratings grabbers Ron D. As in Ron Bennington officially severed its ties with the duo syndicated morning show on Tuesday.
One of several changes the station will unveil today.
According to Neil Mercky, program director for the state of the station had been searching for a new morning program even before stern end of the market in September on WBGGG, which that now that's that's bull crap.
I don't believe that for a second. They were kicking ass. They had gigantic numbers. Why the hell would they put a different morning show on?
See that why do you have to lie Neil? Why do you have to BS the public?
Ratings trans indicate Ron and Ron's often crude show had declined from a 4.8 to a 3.5 share over two months span by comparison.
Two months after his arrival, Stern boasted WBGG's morning ratings to a 5.5 share from the 1.3 share the station all over the summer when it was Waxy FM.
The full arbitrage on ratings fall book, which covers September through to several of you, the religion about two weeks.
Stern may or may not have been a factor in Ron and Ron's decline.
Mercky said they've been sliding for a long time in the decision to carry the show anymore was purely a ratings thing.
Paxing communication, which owns Zeta will also yank Ron and Ron from its sister affiliate in Jacksonville.
The duo's Tampa Bay show it aired on Zeta since 1993 will continue to serve its nine other affiliate markets including Tampa and Orlando.
And then of course not about Castronova and Brewer. So anyway, then here's the press release from Zeta.
Boy, I got just crap off the old shoot here this morning. Ron and Ron devastated after being dropped in Miami in Jacksonville after AIDS announcement says the press release from their corporate orifices unbelievable.
The actionally syndicated radio program the Ron and Ron show is devastated after being notified today that it is being dropped by Paxing Communications Corp stations in Miami in Jacksonville after making the much publicized on air announcement prior to their Christmas hiatus that Ron DS's wife Debbie is suffering from the AIDS virus.
The Ron and Ron show hosted by Bob I will continue to serve Bob I will.
We are shocked and sad and the Ron and Ron show a serve these markets extremely well. We have a very strong bond with 1000s and thousands of loyal Ron and Ron listeners and promise to be back on the year as soon as possible with another radio station, which is why they were sucking up with me by the way and us over here.
Remember that business with the with the AIDS announcement about the best stuff stuff and peaches which we appreciate the help by the way, but I don't think the motivation was quite as honorable as it was made to sound.
We feel as though we've been as matter of fact, I happen to know beyond a shadow of a doubt that they were sniffing around to try to get them on the station a little bird whisper that through the door.
We feel as though we've been let down after Paxing Communications had pledged to us their full and complete support as late as last Friday.
The program director of Zeta and Miami had told me that they were committed to us as their morning show and that Paul Castro nobo would be doing afternoons.
We obviously underestimated their level of support and their amount of lying. You see again because they operate by that good Christian credo over there on Zeta, they would never lie to you.
Unless of course in this case, this time, this time I'll make an exception K this time only you can ask me about my business.
Just like Michael Corleone, the same the odd father strikes again. Let's take a call from sunrise and get rid of this tape. Hello?
How you doing Neil? Okay. I just got to tell you one thing. Yes. I usually watch the dolphins on TV even though I'm not a dolphin fan. Yes.
But I was working out in the yard on Sunday and I listened to your new broadcast crew.
Our new, our new broadcast crew. Yeah. You mean on the game? Yeah. I'm the game. You mean Bill Zimfur? Yeah. Zimfur on the skin flute. Yeah.
Yeah. But I gotta tell you where the hell did this man that's come from? What does that mean? What does that mean? Where did he come from? I think he's the old tight end man. Old number 88.
Yeah. Well, he's a great former tight end. Man does he suck. What what does that mean? You're knocking the mad dog now. Everybody loves Mandage.
In fact, he was in the building yesterday when Aaron Summers came in and said look at the **** on that blonde man. Yeah. Only she's not blonde, but he wasn't looking at her hair.
I'm telling you I will never listen to a dolphin game when the station is long as he is. Well, why should you be different from anybody else? That's why they're on television. Yeah. Well, God. I've just had to get this off my chest.
Okay. Well, feel better. Okay. Can the Middle Ages do you get the tail? No.
Carlson here rips the mad dog and he wants he wants me to give him Schindler's list. This guy is out. He's history man. He is off ripping my good buddy Jim Mandage.
Yeah.
Boy, talk about Hutzpah. Oh, geez.
Okay. We got just too much crap around here today. What is this? Here's a this is from today.
A judge has ordered professional football player Cleveland Gary. Whatever happened to Cleveland boy Gary anyway.
By the way, speaking of the dolphins and his wife to pay American express more than $35,000 in back charges.
Remember that story that's been an ongoing thing. Pay up already. Okay. Pay it now and cut the crap.
He's got to pay 13,576. His wife Simone got to repay 22,000. The credit card company sued in October claiming they'd failed to pay their 28,842 bill on their American express gold cards since February of 1993.
February of 93. And this is goddamn January of 95. And God don't know how much money the dolphins just handed away for him useless as as a teacher on a frog.
And in the meantime, he's just hanging on probably sold all that good stuff that they bought.
What is this bought the best of 94? It kicks serious as as in Mandage. It says this facts. So raise the crap.
I'm a bar. Jay Barker is uglier than Al Goldstein's ass. It says Jay Barker is uglier than Al Goldstein's ass.
Yes. Okay, big.
See takes the helmet off and out of the way that there's from what we heard yesterday. Another born again.
Christian was running around shouting from the mountain tops. I'm a virgin. I'm a virgin. I never do not. And man, I never touched that thing.
I don't want to know nothing from that. And then we hear yesterday that he's a boozer and carousel and banging everything on campus is what we heard.
No, that's just a rumor. But what do you believe, folks? Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Nio. Yeah. Hey, how you doing, man? Good, man. Just saying it in here, man. I had this this tickle here was one of the changes list, but she wondered why?
She was a bit of a chinslaur's list. Tell her to forget it. Yeah, I know. Is she Jewish? Well, she's cute with those clothes. Yeah. What I was going to tell you. I don't think she's sick. I'm sorry. Yeah, probably not. But I'm going to make sure that she gets sick.
That she gets it. Yeah, I'm sure she'll get it. Yeah. Hey, what's happening with the tickets, man? With what tickets? All these pre-loaders. Everybody wants the tickets now. They're hoping that Miami beat San Diego and they're really losers.
I didn't say nothing about any tickets today. I've been on for half an hour and say one word about today. I've been on for half an hour and say one word about today.
Yesterday you mentioned that the fact that you still have the tickets. I don't run anything. Good. I'm just going to go. Good for how long?
Okay, let's go to Cooper City. Hello. Hello, sonny. Yes, I'm an old Jewish man. Actually, I was listening to the ball out of 45. I was listening to...
Phil Hendry. Anybody ever hear Sonny and that goofball from Philadelphia together? What else is his name, George? Go ahead.
So I was listening to Phil Hendry yesterday. Yeah. The first time I ever found him to be funny, he was a star.
What are you people all talking about? The first time you ever heard him to be funny? You're out. You're off the airpile.
Yes! All these people that we got a whole new deal now. This must be... this must be Paxons people over here calling in today trying to flood the lines with BS here.
First guy's ripping manage whom everybody loves manage, right? Yeah. There you go. Even old Sour Pie over there.
And now he's ripping into Phil Hendry. One of the great talents in the history of our business is the first time he ever heard him.
Why did you call him and tell him that you spineless piece of dirt? You walking jellyfish? Call him and tell him that. God Almighty, talk about...
I sit here. I go through a 33 minute monologue. These people wouldn't know Ron and Ron from... they wouldn't know Don I'mus from Don Amici.
They wouldn't know Tony Cigreto from Tony Alamo. Jesus, Joseph and Mary, where the hell are these old... just because I said we want to hear from Old Farts, it was a joke, okay? Go away! Please!
Hey! Here's a lady in Hylia. Hello. Hello. How'd you like the flowers? How do I like the flowers? Yes. They were beautiful.
You received them? Thank you. You're welcome. They were lovely and you're still a douchebag. Thanks a lot. That's okay. Why?
Because you... I don't want to go through that whole thing again. Can't you move on with your life now? Or can't you stop saying something about it?
I haven't said a word about it. If you were talking about the dolphin tickling.
Yeah. And it's true. It's true. I give things away. I have valuable things to give away here once in a great while, sometimes which I purchase with my own cash. And then I give away to people who don't use them.
Or just take them for granted, or even worse, lose them, or make up some cock and bull story about losing them. It wasn't a bull story.
It was a bull in cock story. It was what it was. No, it was. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was a bull in cock story. It was
a bull in cock story. It was about 90 record of one day four days after that happens, that is about warriors referred to as a fool in his course and doc КЛУня. It was about hardly eg. It was about 90 record of one day four days after that propeller until dawn.
All WIOD programs are copyrighted 1995 by WIOD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior rippinconsent.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fatter than Hank Goldbuck.
Oh!
Richard Gere, a thawed in concheetah, a Cindy Cove hammer, a dote in through his distance,
and now they're divorcing, sending them out, and now she's single, that's why I'm going to shout, hey, hey,
can I have Cindy now?
Hey, hey, since Richard broke his mouth, hey, hey, let's share a fatter now, what was he thinking?
That girl is fine, is Richard stupid or just out of his mind?
I'm feeling good, finally got a chance, Cindy is better than jubles in your pants, hey, hey, just give her a sendin' down.
Hey, hey, I like to show her how, hey, hey, hey, I like to rock to me, hey, hey, hey,
You've perred 20 to 11 at WIOD, amazing Phil Henry, who just took a little shot on the ear here from that other guy,
which really just, it frosted my ass, I can't believe that anybody is that stupid, except the people who call in, of course, and get all bent out of shape, about Margaret and people like that, those are the re, and then have the balls to say on the ear,
oh, is that woman is really stupid, you know what Phil, she's really stupid, yeah, she's a stupid one, right?
Yeah, here's Tamarack, hello.
Hey Neil, yes sir.
I had a video action in today, I had a radio action in today, on the Continental's worst vision, oh boy, they got the worst cable vision, they got no channels, we're paying for no channels.
They're on channel 17, they had this, these people that were like over 185 years old, they're doing calisthenics in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in the, in
the, in the losing start, in the losing start, in the losing start, in the losing start
the years uh... remember big list
faded off into obscurity once they found out he was doing drugs and was a
punky little but piece of crap and had a real bad complex and didn't look as
good as we thought in the first place he was kind of like the jay barker of drugs
the jay barker of cannings you know from far away like over in singapore he
looked at the you know it's all right and then all of a sudden we saw close
up he was a real piece of crap i think larry king was the one who exposed that
facade
just like he exposed ross for having those big ears right larry you you idiot you
suckle
suckle the year once again goes to larry king
just looking and uh... lathering up all over everybody's body which is why
they did line up at the door to be on that show
for those marshmallow roast
here's kindle hello
hey me how you doing okay this is the uh... your uh... cuban prostrate
friends
yeah how is it
mine is fine how yours minds uh... okay
you know was hurting a little bit over the holiday because i had a little bit
of liquid entertainment
albed
uh... by the way have a little uh... recommendation for all you mail prostates
sufferers out there my mother my mother finally after spewing up bull crap
all these years finally told me something true yesterday
and that is stay away from citricil you know your doctor always tells you to
take like a little uh... i hate to say stool softener laxative because that
makes you sound like a real old part
but the bottom line is uh... don't take that citric cell it's got citric acid
in it
and like over the weekend i thought oh gee i'm getting all better from this
thing it's just about ninety eight percent gone it's starting all over again
she said throw that crap out it's got citric acid it will tear your insides
out i threw it out and uh... i'm feeling great
yet anything that's actually it will that's right
so watch your acid
and the prostitutes if you have prostitutes watch your acid
listen
anybody even if you name a city any call anybody who calls uh... your show ripping
mandage
i hope you get to work on the top of his head it's uh... stupid and it'll
it's obnoxious
let me check that right
if it wasn't for mandage you know what the show would be like
that
that's right he's the only thing that keeps the guy them uh... game on the
that anybody would listen for the shearth listening for comato zinfer
they're listening to mandage despised at amthing up and go ape shot
there you go i rest my cases
well neal
i just want to see how you think with the one of your prostitutes uh... they're
both uh... excellent but i'm actually running out of material
obvious okay have a great life like you're a finger on it
we have an open line in date seven five one and one of the uh...
bell soft mobility line which amazingly that one and one and proud it looks
like three just what i thought we're starting to build up some gigantic
momentum and who wants to shinlers list amthing i want to get rid of this it's
a double a two for one deal
to a vc r a v a two vc r's
to a videos
how long is that they have to anyway boy you talk about morbid
that must go on and on and on three hours and seventeen minutes
of self pity oh my god it's just a lot for
uh... you know what it
why do i want to watch it
to get really
i don't want to see it
i watch uh... all i watch all those day in the
and i watch uh... all of those that i've seen eighty million i watch public
public television whether new king rich likes it or not
i've watched eight hundred thousand hours of holocaust movies
i know all about it i've seen all the bones i know all i don't know nobody has
to convince me that it happened
i'm as well aware as anybody except maybe those people were survivors and were
there i know all about it i don't need to see anymore
it's not a documentary what is it it's a good story it's a story about this
guy i know what it is mister
mister goya shook up i know all about it okay i don't need some little
goi sitting in there tell me about some jewish movie all right i know all
about it a lot of force can i make more they didn't have no you're thinking
of your role but you're open now no this movie they had to make it i don't want
to see any naked man okay i want to see naked Jews all from the most i want to see naked
goiom i want to see jay barker dripping wet in the locker room and see just
just what the real story the inside story is there with that punk with that good
christian that that thing is probably like purple at this point
a lot of naked old people too it's probably raw as a beat
a lot of naked old people there you go any horny old uh queens out there a lot of naked
guys in this okay old over the age of a hundred
here's the four-letter day hello well good morning sir
nothing here back to you hey i uh took your advice and got the auto
biographies the unauthorized uh the michael jackson book
who yeah talk about hype yeah unbelievable
yeah he's doing it who and i guarantee he's still doing it
you know there's not gonna be too many people that'll stop him he's got the dough
why he's got the bucks in that part about day have you finished the book
no did you get to the part where Latoya was going through the closet in the
house and neverland and she found all these canceled checks like for a million
here and two million there they'd read the parents of all his little boyfriend i
read it well hey and it's just like that woman that was on her
although i'll never forget this line as long as i live she comes on air and
gives stands up very indignant big fat black woman and says i'd be proud to have
my son molested by michael jackson i uh what kind of a statement is that what
kind of an episode you have to be to make a statement like that well see
otherwise if it was father or tool that would be a sin and uh you know
suezaz and so the church but if michael the uh molester then it's a wonderful
thing i must be okay he probably even used that sequin glove to do it
she's driving a new light rolls oh yeah right there you go
he's rolling it hey why not have you noticed how good rick sam says looks lately
i don't watch that station under penalty of death
you know i occasionally i'll flip it on how good he looks
as compared to what a while green turd you know he used to have this slainy slick hair
his complexion was kind of yeah majehiler butched him up on
he's gonna be he's gonna be the best man at that wedding
i'd like to get a higher said he's the best man he's had in a long time so
whatever that means you figure it out i i thought it was marlin mitsl
anywhere thought it was what marlin mitsl you know the health reporter i don't
i don't watch channel said i don't know who any of those people are
what will say great back he's getting married to jesica a giri
canis musmacho jesica a giri or an bishop
yeah but is he circumsized uh you're about the only one who wants to know have a
great life pal and go back and read the book because obviously you need something
to keep you busy anybody that's obsessed with rick sanchez needs
serious serious help just the year roma about those 20 gallons of oil
wow it's 1047 it you can almost smell it over here and they're like
several yards away 1047 at wio d how's jay hyalur doing by the way and if they
set the date yet and are we invited
is the paper boy going to be the best man he won't be the first man but he might
be the best man
16 wio d the biggest dick in south florida
kids who say hang out at the beach and sing about it but each boys are a thing in
the past now case malrackers gives you the chance to meet the new generation
the mall boy
well we spend a lot of time hanging out but we don't buy a thing now
and the mop police hate us but we know they can't do the thing now
why not grab your woody and hang with the mall boys
zips grab munchies now i think i could eat a cow come on hit the food with me
the mall boys are they aimless youth cast a drip on the barren beach of life
or are they just waiting for their parents to pick them up in the beamer
well i like to walk around and smoke the cigarette
and i think i looked up but i haven't started shaving yet
the mall boys they're not a lost generation because you can always find them at the mall
10 51 and wio d and let's see we haven't given away the shinlers list yet i want this off of my
hands immediately if not sooner let's get rid of it here's four-letter mail hello
neal how you doing okay hey listen i woke up when i heard that shinlers list because
when i saw the movie yeah i recognized my great at my grandfather was one of the
uh guards one of them did not see generals i know most people call
your grandfather was a not see general yeah and they showed him in a real life clip
in the movie i almost freaked to the center of the movie what was his name rush limbaugh
senior no no no no short call anyway
neal yeah i'm still on i know it's amazing
yeah keep going anyway neal so i was when i realized i saw the dollar movie theater at the
emc ridge one time and when i stood up i said you know maro as grandpaugh up there all the Jews
turned around and they were you know what can i mean smart move yes smart move and you're still here
to tell the tale i you know we were we didn't get came to this they have probably good
us we had to wait anyway i know it's not right because i know what he did was wrong and stuff
but i just like to have my movie you said i'm one clip of him you know because he wasn't
you know but it's you're the you're the grandson of a not seen you want me to give you this movie
do you realize what a disgusting and grotesque act that would be in my part but neal listen i mean
i didn't say you're not getting it i just want to just ask if you understood how disgusting and
revolting that would be why do you want to see it it's not really disgusting revolting because he
was a great general he was a great general hermongering he chose if gherbels George goble when he was
still alive and i was young and i asked him and he said he regretted it and he was forced to do it
yeah so i don't have a picture of him you know he's a gas i understand that Rudolph he's
didn't know yeah you're great you know i am that's why this this would be even i can't stoop this
little can i give it to this guy George he's making it all up you're making it up George said
what was his name what was your grandfathers name general sports call okay i told you was making
it up you're lying sack of crap and i want look if you got a make up i'll give it to anybody but
to make up stories this is bad if they do you know for tickets or something for a ballgame that's one
thing but now you're making up stories to get a goddamn videotape i mean that's pathetic you can
go read it at shockbuster for only about a hundred bucks and if you're Jewish 200 bucks oh sorry
Wayne we have an open line and Broward five two four nine fours sorry crater push
how's the run and run doing by the way gut not you know something why did i waste all that time
on that we haven't had one call about that nobody gives a crap about that evidently we didn't get one
call about it nothing not not a one zippity doodah here's Miami hello running run our finally gone
thanks Howard we have an open line and date 751 who the hell was that sounded like a familiar
voice to me as in perhaps a it's how it how it's bam let's see Miami's gone let's do a lady in
boca hello hello yes good morning nail this is a little bit political i think i'm the only person
that's outraged about these Cuban refugees who escaped from belgley prison convicted first degree
murder what what's the name wait a minute wait a minute my psychotic friend what what difference
is it make with that they're Cuban refugees i'm not not Cuban i'm saying any refugees just these five
happen to be Cuban yeah and that's what uh what did you want to open up this yeah i'm out of here
she wants to start that crap all over again go call up m.e. shaefer okay go call up the school
teacher call up enus the penis sheira call him up wants to start all that crap again yeah we
already know that nobody knows it better than i did he sent every a degenerate every douchebag every
devious dangerous crap we know that so go scream at large slim ball okay love to love to love to
go scream at his fat ass get out of my pus why is it you notice 99% of the time it's women the women
in this town they're like obsessed with this with this but oh call up sandy paint and she'll be
delighted to hear about it okay call up sandy and she'll say oh you're so right lovely lady and
have a nice day there you go one more time sandy have a nice day oh she still hasn't lost it
hechi that syrupy phony jappy sound and also i'm not getting any of something i better don't get one
call about this today but off the air i get everybody that i everybody i run into comes up to me
and says boy you sure i write about that the annual vam is only one example of it deon Sanders would
be another but of course deon Sanders is a professional look it up in the book so there's not
too much you can do about that even though it's still just as disgusting and nauseating our people
are laughing at him like some kind of a like some kind of a jackass who ought to know better
but these guys i mean on the college level if the coach and the athletic director the people in
charge don't have enough control over these assholes out there to say hey this this looks like crap
this is pathetic you guys look like how much assholes doing this crap strutting around like step
in fetch it and with all this trash talk and the fighting and all the other garbage at you and
then of course the fans of it oh that's that's the kainsman they couldn't wait if they didn't do that
yeah right that has a lot to do with the athletic ability and with competing on a field and being
articulate and literate educated etc and so on which of course being articulate and educated
and literate are some of the things that nobody wants to talk about in this society especially if
he happened to be minority and especially if he happened to be black don't get an education
just go out there and kick some ass there you go and be be pithed off that's what it's all about
and everybody else is laughing their ass off and in the meantime this is like the epinicle of success
is to go out there and strut around like some kind of an asshole on in a heat and it's pathetic
Kendall a new yes uh we look for sapon and xv and on on the sm now should we look for what
tapin and the queen for what since uh since they're just going off to our
what one of they gonna be on on uh you said what yesterday that castor and ovis doing mornings
over there running run around that's the switch huh yes today the coast was going back to that
was it to get out of here the sky is falling oh my god how is it possible for there to be so many
stupid people in the world how is it possible for there to be so many parrots out there do you
think for yourself do you have a brain is there anything functioning is there a function at your
junction my god you said this yeah the sky is falling i got six million dollars in a briefcase i'm
gonna send over to you right after lunch uh warren moon is a is a clutch performer uh newt gingrich
is a genius who's gonna lead us out of the wilderness into progressive uh america uh what what are
you talking about man let me ask you something man are you a moron or what was that run and moron
on the phone i said yesterday herman and vinc vinc vinc start next monday in the morning i don't
want to get david kesh warts upset over there on the coast w g tr it even got the monkey back in here
and thank god they got it before michael jackson shaved his ass boy just in the nicotine
oh that that call right there you marked that one for the uh posterity that was the that was a
astonishing you said yesterday yeah i say a lot of crap okay you've got to be able to pick and choose
between a crap and the truth and truth is something we know nothing about on this station although we
were the first ones to tell you about paul castrenova and about zeta and every other god damn thing that
happens in this market right damn right freaking a here's homestead on the starline hello moron morning
to you um i want to say was the guy who called earlier saying that uh yesterday was the first day
found uh uh feel funny yeah was the first day you got it yeah that's right and uh what a what a
putz that it's telling you and i wanted to mention something about i'm gonna sum up south florida
in a little state in 30 seconds okay um you know every year at the end of the new year they they
report on the first child born in the new year well in Miami now we're reporting on the first
person killed in the new year right and go over it and over it and over it and again and that's it
and the starline still works and guess what now that we don't have gambling we can feel real safe
this year yeah have a great day pali and a great year by seah like i said George seah
station too big for randy roads news talk and entertainment radio have a nice 10 w i o d my m e
fort lauderdale newt's not happy with conny good morning at eleven o'clock i and terry griffin six
ten w i o d news brought you by film
loridian done as dirt lick it and stick shoot them in the leg oh news talk and entertainment
radio six ten w i o d presents the neal roger show to talk with neal call seven five one w i o d in
day five two four w i o d and broard outside the three oh five area code it's toll free one eight
hundred nine four four w i o d all right say the one customer's can call pound i o d at no charge
now the neal roger show a news talk and entertainment radio six ten w i o d i already have a
homosexual relationship with neal so i might as well have one with you too
you
what you want the truck's old got it what you need i hope you bought it
because all i'm asking is all the limitations just let me come
all you do is jump
oh man baby
you love i love you
transfer
So bring me, retraction, when you call me baby
Oh, you'll let me come home, that's a little bit of a wholpetaction
For you to live, you're all TCT, and now what it means to me
C-O-N-D-O-M-S-E-F-O-S-E-S
To the point of my heart, I need to find out that my world's attraction doesn't let me get me potential
I need a low-petaction doesn't let me let me be potential
I need a low-petaction doesn't let me go
Where am I going to let my world's attraction go?
I need a low-petaction doesn't let me be potential
I need a low-petaction doesn't let me hide baby
Oh, have you ever offered me a little bit of a wholpetaction?
I need a low-petaction doesn't let me go
I hope that last doctor I went to a Tamarack who's listening to this boring big fan of the show, a big fan of hers too
And the first thing he asked me when I walked into the office, how's your retra?
It's 11-08 at W-I-O-D, happy Wednesday to you, we are really rockin' and suckin' today, not?
We're talkin' about Ron and Ron today, which nobody wants to talk about because they had no audience left evidently
Also we're asking a musical question, how come in those college bull games over the weekend, all those viral football players were holding hands in the huddle?
That's the new deal now, see they won't talk about the padding on the butt, that's bad enough, they can't...
They just, oh, they look the other way, they pretend that's not goin' on, they will never respond to that
And in sports it's okay for one guy to pad another guy on the butt, but anywhere else in life in his country if they did that, they'd all be like raising an eyebrow and whistling at the top of their thing
But now the new deal is these football players, and even on the pro level some of them are doing it
Every time, not just like once in a while in a crucial spot in the game like as in let's be together, man, we gotta stick together
Cause I'm pissed off, not if that pointed again, but like every time they go back in the huddle they're like grabbing each other's hands and whatever else they can get
They're holding hands, guys holding hands, now what is that to teach a bunch of young college athletes, huh?
Now one of this countries is gonna hell on a hand casket, man
And nobody's got Shinler's Listia, which I don't understand, I'm just dying to give it to somebody
And the movie too, here's Weston, hello?
Yeah, a nail? Yes, yeah, I just want to tell you one of my relatives is the survivor of the Holocaust
Yeah, and...
No, that's lucky, and they haven't seen Shinler's Listia
Well, they'll bring back a lot of bad memory, so let's keep it that way
We have an open line in Broward, 524, I'm not gonna give it away, just cause that kid made up that story
I'm gonna drag this thing out the whole show today
I mean all the other movies that I give away generally speaking, nobody even acts for them
Nobody even wants to goddamn things, but I got to speak it well, it's two tapes
And if you're smart enough to put a little Scotch tape over the bottom there, you can actually tape over these
Huh? What's wrong with that?
These are nice virgin videotapes, probably cause at least 399 it came art
Here's... what do I just do? I do Weston, I believe so while you were genuinely reflecting
Here's Westchester, hello? Hello, Neil? Yes, sir
Neil, I've got a problem, maybe you can help me
Yeah? I think I'll fall out
Holy hands in the Huttles in it
I would go for it though
Why did guys hold hands in the Huttles football games?
I think it's like a sense of brotherhood, just like to lure themselves into being like one unit
Oh, well, you nick? Yeah, a lot of you nick that hold hands, you got a point I think you got it
What's the other story?
Neil, I'd like to send his list like movie, but I'm more interested that I think I fall on virgin mandates
Yeah
I mean, ever since you played that screaming yes, I mean I've been hot and bothered
Have you? No, is there anything new with the fact that it used to be a tight end?
Yes! Yes!
Okay, I think both campers more his type
We have an open line in day, 7519-463, oh he wanted a movie, dammit
Let's go to Jupiter, hello
Hey, they all do it
Pretty good
Great, got a random report
Yes? Yeah, I do yours day, I'll have to stay at slow
She played the Dickens cider bet
I've heard her play a couple times
Nice
Nice judgment there, sweetie
Remember a couple weeks ago, especially up there in Palm Beach with all those 900-year-olds parts that are going for really big
I'm almost sick today, so you have to excuse me
Yeah, you sound like you sound like crap
I'm not saying I'm assuming you're okay, man
Huh? I'm assuming you're not okay
Yeah, right, it sounds like it
You remember a couple weeks ago in Jocelyn or Goyce Limb that booted out
Well, they've put this down an article about the evils of masturbation, the use of them with the analogue
Yeah, there you go, that's me
I'm a little slow
They used to teach and all that
And I could send you the article, I'll save it for you
Oh yeah, I know that, and it's not that many years ago, back in the 40s and early 50s, the public line, the AMA and all these other geniuses
A masturbation would make you, you know, grow hair on the palms of your hands and make you go mad
And all this other crap, and of course you had to wear real thick lenses, coat bottle lenses and all this other crap
They even had a part where they would put cages on some kids that couldn't leave alone that got stuck in the locker
And then of course there was John Crawford who used to tie her kids hands behind his back and I went to bed
Oh yeah
So he couldn't accidentally wind up touching anywhere
Maybe still rubbing that
Yeah, unbelievable
Can I have that movie?
Sure
Okay, let's get it over with
Okay, this guy's on a, give him the damn Shemler's list, he gave us a little Randy Spireyport there on Dickens Sider
We have an open line a day, of course these falls will all cone off now
How's David Cohen doing by the way, still getting a grip on life?
Open line a day, 7519463, let's do a lady in Pember of Pine, hello
Hi, this is Doris, I wanted to say good morning
Good morning Doris
Did you see the topics magazine Sunday?
The one?
The topics magazine
How about the tropics?
The tropics
Or the topics, yeah
All right, the world's wrong, the world's wrong
I didn't see it, tropics, tropics or whatever it is, I didn't see it
I thought the picture of Cherrick and then Harding was one of the funniest caricatures I've ever seen
One of the funniest ones?
Curricatures or cartoons?
Curricatures
Whatever, I'm stupid today, right?
Curricatures?
Carricatures
Carricatures?
How about one of the funniest pictures?
I thought I just mentioned him, David Cohen, one of the funniest pictures I ever seen
He sure had a lot of bull in the pen
Yeah, he had his hands on it
I told you, you've been saved my life since I moved here in 87
Yeah
You're my son, John
Oh yeah
Yeah, well I know you have better calls than this thing
I sure hope so Doris
Oh, thank you
You have a nice day
Thank you, you've been here for five
Bye-bye
She's becoming a caricature of herself to be honest with you
We have an open line on, in fact we have several, but I noticed that one in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, W-I-O-D
Just call up George and whistle Dixie
Yeah, that guy's got to, and we got the green line open, of course it'll never ring again today in the way
And the great news is that the star line is still a buzz and it's still working there
Bell South mobility has not yet committed that interpretact of disconnecting it
But I have a feeling that any moment, any day, any second, any heartbeat, any deadbeat, it's going to happen
And at that point, if it when it does happen, there is going to be a revolution on this show
The likes of which they have never seen at Bell South mobility, I guarantee you that
Trust me when I tell you
By the way, I mentioned it's 1114 at W-I-O-D
George, you're taking a break now?
How many have we got?
Three
Yeah, and we don't want to take one now?
Well, usually the way when you take your normal break
About 12
When we do three, usually take up around 20
Yeah
So in other words, we have a new deal now you're going to tell me what we're doing
The breaks, is that the new deal? Like they do on these other shows where they
Know you just have a host and a weirdo
Where the hosts come in like they're lost and they can't have their own program long
I want to tell you something that really bothers me and I hope that Rick Riley is listening to this
And everybody else who does supposedly does a show on the air
If you are, if you're just that dizzy, and of course in his case he is, so he's exempt from this
But anybody else, if you can't keep a copy of your program long and you don't know when it's time to take a break
And you don't have control of the structure of your own program and you have to rely on
Some pre-pubescent butzucker like Andy Calbor, anybody else to decide to format your show
In that case you need help
I guarantee you Phil Henry don't do that
In fact I notice on Friday when he's out there in a road he gets like foaming at the mouth
Because they're trying to make him take breaks when they're in any spots
And he gets all bent out of shape about that
Yeah, but let me say something for some, let me say something later
So now it's 11
Let's take a mobile and four-letter deal, hello
Hey Neil
It's Lenny, how you doing?
Get out of here
Okay that'll do it now, that's a good step to break time
Can you believe that I've heard him call and Phil?
Let me say something to you right now, okay Lenny the limo driver
We don't want, I'm speaking for everyone on this station including Rick Riley
Whether he goes along with or not because he's too much of a pussy to admit it and put his foot down with anybody
We don't want to speak to you, you are a nitwit, you're a turd, you're a troll, you're just a goofball
We don't want to talk to you, you're a pain in the ass, you're a chronic
You are beyond chronic, you're useless as horns on a frog's ass
So go a vague, go drive somebody because you're driving us nuts
Now that to it, 11-16
Let's take a mobile and four-letter deal
Oh god, we didn't get to him fast enough, damn it, they probably thought we were going to take a break
Sorry, two open-loins in Broward, probably on Lenny
5249-463
And one on the green line at 1-800-944-9463
We haven't had one Ron and Ron called, they're not one
I went through 30 minutes of gnashing and got rid of every article
I talked about their press release, about the ins and the outs and the ups and the downs
Not one, talk about an impact
And of course Rick was sitting here this morning telling me, oh yeah, we got the whole Ron and Ron audience over here now
They're all over here, man, because they tuned out and see that this morning they're all pithed off
They're really pithed off and they're not over here
I don't know where the hell they went, but they sure ain't here, I guarantee, I guarantee you that right now
So it's 11-16-163
Let's take Miami on the purple line, hello
Yeah, how you doing Neil?
Pretty good
Listen, I called the sucker round for those movies that they're already gone
They're gone, that's right, they're history
No more sucking around
They're not doing anything with that bell
I want to do a radio show, I don't want to be radio giveaway here
I want to talk to some people that want a little verbal intercourse, I'm action here
I just call it into sucker round for something for free
Let's intercourse each other
I do not pass
They're not a bell south crap when they disconnect
We file a class action suit for tumors
Yeah, there you go, good thinking
Hey, I mean, you've got to get them hustling somewhere
I got news for you, on the day that that happens
I'll conduct a massive cellular one, I'll have more new people signing up than they had in a
in a barrel full of monkeys
That's it, I'm wondering what ever the hell that means
I used to when I had bell south for a while and they screwed everything off
They make me sick, I go home and get my mail yesterday
Here's a bill from bell south mobility
We're disconnecting your phone, which by the way I had this connected
We're disconnecting your phone because of the unpaid balance, hundreds of dollars
Which has already been paid, like two weeks ago
I called the turd burger up and I say, you know, I'm getting a build here
And he checks the thing, oh yeah, there's a zero balance
You want to get it reconnected? I said, no thanks, have a nice life, goodbye
Well, I had the same time
They can't get their crap together for a lover money over there
I had the same type of problem when I had calls on my bill that I didn't make
I contested it, it came down to the Iodum $18, they took me to court at random
Hundreds of dollars without me to court
Good for you, stick it to them
That's it, stick it anywhere we can
Okay, bye, have a great life
Purple line's open, that's cellular one, that's our favorite line
Dot at pound IOD 11-18
At your...
Well, you see, you can play this game, you know, I'll just drag it out forever
Just keep your right on the edge of your seat
I mean, if you want to take the break, when I want to take the break, great
Like maybe I had to go downstairs and do a little number or a big number
Maybe I want to do it right here in the seat, I don't know
But all of a sudden you're still well
I don't know, I thought you'd take it
Don't think I'll just blow and smoke because I wasn't ready for it
Yeah, you're blowing something in there, I guarantee you that
I'll tell you what he was doing, he was spinning around in the chair
Looking at the spower, Aaron Summers dropped something yesterday
She was in that control room and man, he was wheeling that little chair back a little further
Almost into the guy, damn window back there
Aaron Summers is okay and everybody's booking this building
She's really, she's a lot better than I thought
She's gonna start Monday, eight to midnight on a station, I guarantee you
She'll have the highest rated show in this market
Make no mistake, AMF, MP, MBM, shortwave
She will have double digit numbers at night, Aaron Summers
And even though she has no idea what she's talking about, that's not what it is important
She's got a great ass, she's got big, very, very well-shaped tutors
She's got a nut, and I'll tell you something, you know, Christy Brinkley
I mean, I'm sorry, which one am I thinking about?
Now, now I'm getting confused
See, I always get those two confused and I'm gonna say the wrong thing and everybody
Oh, how could you say that?
Which is the one I'm talking about?
Oh, Cindy Crawford, I'm sorry, I always get her confused with Christy Brinkley
And I apologize to Christy Brinkley because that was a shot
What is the big deal with Cindy Crawford?
Do you think she's a hot babe?
No, she has a mole, that big deal
She's got a skanky looking face man, her nose, she needs a nose job
She's bad, Cindy Crawford
She couldn't lick Christy Brinkley's ass, I'll tell you that right now
Or air in summers, although it might be, a lot of guys would like to watch
20 past 11 at WIOD
Some things in life are easy to describe
Like the way Madonna looks at five in the morning
The stadium the morning after a night game
And a hangover after too much tequila
But how do you describe the Phil Hendry Show on 610 WIOD?
Send your answers to WIOD
Miami 33141
And in the meantime, imagine turning on a night light
Rolling over to see the Phil Hendry Show
2 to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday
On news, talk and entertainment radio
610 WIOD
Oi
610 WIOD
Where the seven words you can't say on radio are down to two
Mr. Merrick Madditch, he's a european
Saturday night on CBS
Eat it is back from the dead
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family
Oh, rookie death
If it ain't John Jell-A-Wee
Daddy, don't be such a cool
What is now, what ever happened to my little girl?
Look at you
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe you have a salad once in a while?
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
Again with the charity Spirats
Well, it's true
Charles, why don't you send them the bones from the taiki you had for breakfast?
What about a moon?
I call them against all she's prepared
The death I taught you was pushing off days, you smile
Oh, now watching the last episode was all a bad dream
It seems so bad to me
Look, who was it back there, Beded?
Who's to die off, you can give me an edgy beer
That's 20th anniversary of all in the family
Saturday night on CBS
Brought to you by IBS Home Car Respondent School
Where you can learn auto mechanics, gun repair, and back to the show
You guys are so over
Have you seen her lately?
She has ballooned up
Now they only show her from the forehead up
I mean her face is that she's got a head that's as fat as Lord-ass Limbaugh's ass
She is just gigantic
She is a monstrous
She looks beastung
Like an allergy
How about beastly?
Oh, man is she gross
But hey Gloria, you're the Beth
And old Rob Reiner, he's looking real good too, now isn't it?
Yeah, here's North Miami, hello
Hello, this is Neil
Yes sir
Okay, I'm one of the Ron Ron couple
Now listen to this
Alright
Well, I listen to them in the morning
And then I flush the year of show
And then to Bill Henry
And I'm really mad about this
Said a four garbage man
They're gonna get what they deserve
They're gonna get about a one share over there in the morning
Yeah, I really like rock and roll music
And in the kind of garbage they put on here
I just just put that on here
Yeah, and it's gonna get worse
I just, Ron Ron was the only thing I used to listen
And half am, that's all
There you go
Alright
Kisses is a good biopal
And have a great life
See ya
And get a new phone
We have an open line in date 751
And one in brown or in 524
And at Green Line we gave away Shinler's list to somebody on the Green Line
I'm sorry, I apologize
What an act of stupidity on my part
I can't believe I did that
Where's that guy live? You got his address?
Where are we sending that tape to?
Jupiter
Oh, like I said, that's okay
I thought maybe he was in Boka
Oh, God, would that be disgusting if we gave it to somebody in Boka?
Oh, fat
Here's a lady in Pompodow on a starline
Hello
How's the hang in mail?
Okay
How's the anchor in the acre straight?
How's the wine?
The anchor in the acre straight?
I don't see him too much
Except every once in a while when they're sitting up there on the sunrise over by the corner of a hundred and eighteen
Shooting their thing down the street
And I'm always going nice and slow
Well, I might take off somebody and do a sprag
Okay, go ahead
We have an open line in a brown or in 524
One on the starline
And star IOD
And one on the Green Line
1-800-944-9463
Are we going to hear from a woman today who's got anything to say about anything?
I mean, I just can't believe that. Of course, we didn't have a good friend Doris. She was kind of a caricature of herself
And then we had, who else did we hear?
The bigot lady
Oh, yeah, they're women from Boka who wanted to talk about those Cubans again, about those goddamn Cubans again
Thank goodness no white people commit crimes
That's right. Thank goodness that Charlie Manson was Cuban
And David Berkowitz and that guy who's shooting up the abortion clinics, he must be Cuban too, right?
There's even a few white people committing crimes out there. Honey, how do you like that?
You bigoted old bitch that they just can't let it go. They can't let it go
I don't know if they are going to go to the bathroom or to the room
Alright!
There you go. Stick that in your pocketbook honey and twist it
And a Green Line is just sitting there. Look at that.
Okay, well I guess we forgot about these tickets we got for the big game. There isn't any big game but we got a bunch of tickets
And we're only giving them way to people on the Green Line
At 1-800-944-1-2-1-2
Let's give away that golf cart absolutely free, little used a little used golf cart almost in pristine condition
Like that pristine bullet that went through John Connelly's wrist, body, John Kennedy's brain and Jack Wilens hat
And the offender of the limousine
Let's go to South Miami. Hello?
Hey Neil? Yes sir. I've got a title for the sequel for Shindler's List
Yes sir? Shindler's Pist
Do I know the fourth on here? I thought I was going to start Brian Cox
Well, we can let that out
I'm pissed off man. That would be great. I can just see it right now
Breaking in the fortenites to buy more juice
Uh-huh. Well give it to both of Brian maybe you can do something with it
Okay, good luck you
We have an open line in day 751
We do have that Shindler's List thing. Did we ever put that in here? I doubt it's not really all that great. It's okay. I might even play it. I doubt it
Let's do we did South Miami. Here's the lady in Westchester. Hello?
Hi
I want to give you a suggestion
I suggested of what?
I said about WIOD instead of saying that, say 9463
Luckily I just remembered the number that's all I got you
Uh-huh. Luckily for who?
Well, what would you say WIOD instead of saying WIOD at 9463
Okay, just call 9463
Okay. Just okay if you're in date 9463
Right
Okay. Everything's alright
Everything's alright
Yeah, that's good
I'm listening to something
Well, I'm glad I'm glad everything's alright
Okay, and don't forget now 9463
Right, okay, how do you say that in Spanish?
How do you say that in Spanish?
How do you say that in Spanish?
I can't speak Spanish
Nueve
Wow, yeah, what is that saying?
Nueve, Quattro
Oh
Quattro, SACE, it trace
Wow, you can try it in Spanish
Scented trace, huh?
You taught me three words
There you go
Here's another word
Here's another word
Adios
We have an open line in date 751 on a green line 189
No, wait a minute, I'm sorry
9463
If you're on a green line in Boca West Palm, Jupiter Uranus
9463, okay, don't dial anything
I'll just keep pick up that phone and keep dialing 9463
My allergies act in up again and here today
I have a feeling that very shortly I'm going to be dashing through the snow
Just like Santa and his reindeer
I'm going to be dashing through that giant pile of mong
Oh, I'm sorry, that's Jeff High
In the hallway there, I thought it was a pile of mong
A mong pile, well same difference, here's Pompato Beach, hello
Hi, is this 9463?
This is it, Sunny?
You know Sally Struthers is so huge
The only thing I can think of compared to would be the size of Rush Limbaugh's head
Yeah, like I said, like Rush's ass on a bad day
If you were seen as size of that head, I mean I accidentally turned the channel and it took up the whole damn screen
Who, who is her his?
I've never seen his head nor do I have any desire to see it
Well, Neil, this is Boyd Bragg
I know, I think anybody could find it
We have an open line in day 751, 1 and Broward, 524, 1 on the Green Line, 1-800
Did he get cut off?
He started talking head stuff and he got cut right off, that's a shame
He is off limits now, he's out
Wouldn't you agree?
You are beyond chronic, you have nothing to say, you're beyond chronic, you must
I'm going to do you a big favor seriously, I'm going to force you
Even if it feels bad in the beginning, just like a little SNM
I'm going to force you to find a life
Even if it hurts, you must find a hobby
Badminton would be good, you can go out there and play with that old shuttlecock
You can take up surfing would be great, although I think shuffleboard might be the board that you're looking for
Whatever it is, just grab it and go with it, but go somewhere and do a fast grab
Go away, please
In fact, maybe Lenny the Limbo Driver will pick you up in the tube you can have a long chat about chronic doses
Oh my god, he's just out of control
And just, you know, it starts sailing right along
Oh, this is Greg, get out of here
One thing I don't like on this show is chronicosis, man
I don't want no chronic, it's the kiss of death
I don't want to hear no talk, so you hear the same god damn half dozen people every day who have nothing to say
The same old people like old Bonnie from Kendall
Now Bonnie's bringing in the family, the Gonsa Mishbhukhas moving down here
So she can line up the verbal artillery down there
And then it was Sandy and Bobby and this one and that one
All these front-running phonies who are looking you're asked one day
And then all of a sudden the next day before even washing it off, they're looking somebody else's
I think that's disgusting, grotesque and certainly hazardous to your health
1232, see it's not 1232, I just do that time of the see if you react
It is somewhere like probably out in the middle of the ocean, it's 1232
Maybe in the Bahamas, man, maybe in Brazil
You know what I haven't played in a long time and I'm just dying for it right now
Like Tom Hopkins would say I'm really horny for it right now
Where the hell is it?
I played the little clip from it but I haven't played the whole, like I said, anytime I've played it, I'm not sure
I'm looking for something for it, get it
You know it's gonna be gone, all the way this particular case, it just happened to a finger it right now
I want to take this brave dress up
Like many tap-pordeops
Like a brave braid
Let me bathe you
Oh, alright
Yeah!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Can you imagine the on-race cater and mandates together?
That would be a broadcast.
Man, you'd have to get new speakers after every game.
I'll quarantine you that.
1133 at WIOD.
16, WIOD.
Delivering daily without warning sickness.
I need help.
We need some help.
Man, I need help.
We need some help.
We need some help.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humidity, Talk Show Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
Folks, at over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories.
Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue.
Just look for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube.
Find product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
All right.
Okay, 1137 at WIOD on an ass-kicking Wednesday.
Somebody's getting a kick somewhere.
I guarantee you that.
How about those dolphins, huh?
All right.
Let's jump on that bandwagon.
You notice we haven't had one call.
Well, we had one call about Rod and Rod.
Thank you so much, your, sure, sir, for making me feel like I didn't waste a half an hour, one call.
And then the thing about the, the Shufflin off to, wherever they're Shufflin,
oh, they're Shufflin their feet.
Maybe they learned that from Wally Hensley at Pompe no Park.
Sorry, Wally A, just a joke, okay?
As these signals on which horse is going to win the race, right?
Fat Rich, ride.
At a boy Richie, you're so full of it, man.
It's coming out your nose.
And I just don't understand.
See, I told you that they wouldn't respawn of that.
I mean, forget about the guys holding hands in a huddle.
They won't talk about that.
They don't want to think about it.
But the fact that these, uh, and why is it that only black players are allowed to do that?
Is that just come natural?
That the step-and-fetch it routine and all that jive has crap?
And then getting down kneeling in the end zone and, uh, doing all that stuff?
Is that, is that a black thing?
Did Alex Haley write about that?
See, you don't want to say it either.
What were you going to say?
Who else would work, too?
Well, I don't, I don't know, but why do they want to?
That's my point.
I don't understand it.
Because everybody else is laughing at that.
Just like when people are illiterate and can't express themselves,
people don't respect that.
They frown upon that.
And nobody wants to get that message across.
It's kind of like, you know, this is the way things are supposed to be by design.
And it's, uh, said that nobody, you know, and, uh, I'm telling you, it's just, yeah.
And the same thing with Frank Costa getting a nail for losing that game there today.
Not that I want to rehash the fact that Nebraska beat Miami in the orange pool.
Oh!
What I do.
But, uh, what is that?
Is that because he's Italian?
Do we have some kind of an, I'm going to call it Italian defamation league right now.
I'm going to get on the phone right now.
The same people who were very, very right in protesting against the Godfather.
I remember when Joe Dajiola, who grew up on Dego Hill.
Can I say that in St. Louis with Yogi Berra?
He did.
That's what they call the Dego Hill in St. Louis.
All the Italian, all the talent, all the talent in the Italians live there.
All the luxion.
And, uh, as in Luxion Kool, that's noodle pudding.
See, you're learning what, what, what, what an education you get from this show.
What a tremendously educational show this is.
In fact, probably, uh, it's too good to be on PBS and Newt Gingrich agrees.
What a little fat, what a hypocritical little fat-faced slime ball.
Oh, CBS was so unprofessional.
Just because, see, he never responded to the fact.
Never denied that he told his mother that, uh, that, uh, what's her name?
Hillary is a bitch.
What's her, Puss?
She's a bitch.
Of course she is.
Here's a mobile and store.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Good to talk to you.
This came over from the Tampa area.
All I got to say is, if I start taking S.U.N.
As Paul say, are going down, baby.
Are they really?
Oh my god.
Yeah, S.U.N.
S.U.N. was over there for vacation over New Year's.
And he said that they sounded comatose.
Oh, it's, it's terrible.
I'm telling you, thank the Paul S.U.N.
Now, I'll put them in the emergency room right now.
Another thing, I'm like, uh, also, I looking forward to the, uh,
Yeah, last, uh, I talked to last, uh, he said they were kicking.
That's right.
Yeah.
Looking forward to football this weekend.
But all I've got to say is, as long as Will McDonough's around,
America will never be beautiful.
Okay.
Thank you.
And he's got, can you see Will McDonough and, uh, and Wayne Huzinghi together again.
The crater pie.
It's, uh, 1140 at, uh, uh, uh, uh, around and around and about.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Say, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Arla?
I used to listen to Ron and Ron until I got a backstab this morning.
And I had a twist that, you know.
It must, uh, you must be bleeding.
And then they rub the salt in the wound by putting that Paul Castronova on.
That's really, that's really rubbing it.
I can scrape stuff from underneath the refrigerator.
It sounds better than he does.
I hope they really do not think that's going to help their ratings any.
They, they're not going to have any, so they won't have to worry about it.
They won't have ratings.
I mean, he's got off on his friend.
They're, uh, Ron Brewer there.
What a waste of air time that is.
Yep.
And so you know, I'm listening to Rick and Sousa all the time now.
All right.
Now we're talking.
Now we bring the people back to AM where, uh, the real crap is going on.
Yeah, no, and I can pick you up everywhere.
I don't have to worry about, uh, finding the station for running, running, running, anymore.
Exactly.
So, uh, I just like to say, build packs on the douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm not going to see buddy, but you're not fooling anybody.
You're about as credible as Jay Barker.
I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them are doing it.
Open line and Broward, 524WI would be one out, but I sure hope not.
One on the green line, one out, uh, oh, I'm sorry, 9463.
On the green line.
If you're in a boat, good, Del Ray.
Just pick up the phone and down 9463.
And Georgia will answer it.
No problem.
Here's Miami on the purple line.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil, yeah, uh, did you, uh, first of all, I want to thank you for the CD.
You're a gift for my daughter.
Which, oh, the one I signed, yeah.
Yeah, when you signed, uh, and did you see that magazine I brought in about.
Las Vegas.
When did you bring that the same day?
I dropped off the magazine Las Vegas life.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Well, that's a wild go.
Yeah.
Oh, it's about a week in a half.
Right. That to me, that's a long time ago.
Yeah.
When you're old and seen, I'll, man, when you're old in the feebrile.
But just, uh, that article about the weightings over.
Yeah.
Can you imagine one hotel employing 12,000 five hundred?
I understand, but I don't see it's too depressing.
It's only the fourth of the year.
We don't want to have to go through this whole thing again about how, uh, you know,
our care this place is.
And the fact that we live in the dead estate in America because it's, it's true, but it's very depressing.
It's morbid.
Yeah.
All we, all we have to say is Florida sucks.
There you go.
Two words, some of all of.
Now, we had a great time out there.
We were out there for about five days and had a great time.
You can't beat it.
You have to have a great time in Vegas.
If you're not, you have to have your pulse taken.
If you go there, don't have a great time.
You have to be a dead head.
You have to be a moron.
And we don't gamble.
My wife and I, you know, don't have to gamble.
No, it was fantastic.
That's right.
And, uh, the trip was cheaper than taking a cruise.
Right.
Oh, please.
Now you're really getting me going.
Gambling and cruising.
You mentioned it both on the same day.
Don't do it, pal.
But we did find a fabulous Chinese restaurant out there under shopping center of all places.
Really?
Yeah.
What's it called?
Uh, Changs of Las Vegas.
Yeah.
Uh, the shrimp were fresh.
They come, they have a tank right there.
A jumbo, you know, giant shrimp.
Mm-hmm.
And so we ordered shrimp.
Molo's Chinese shrimp, I think, is the operative word always.
Yeah.
And then they had a fish tank there where they caught the live fish also in case you ordered a fresh fish.
Beauty.
I'll mark it on my list on Shindler's list.
Yeah.
Well, have a great day, pal.
Okay.
Nice hearing from you.
Bye.
Here's another guy just had a great time in Vegas.
We don't want to have that here.
We don't want the evil of gambling here.
God forbid.
By the way, see it, Pompato Park tonight.
Oh, sorry.
We don't want no gambling in this town, do we?
No way, Jose or Evo or Esther.
We don't want no gambling here because that would bring in lots of crime.
Thank God we live in a community where everybody can be safe.
If they padlocked the door and never leave the house, maybe, maybe.
Let's go to a Miami, Buenos dias.
This is Rods, a John on that.
Hey, Rod, how you doing, Rod?
How are you, baby?
Yeah.
Be sure to list the box.
Yes, there are no balls on that.
Four nine.
All right, Rods, a job.
Take it a break from doing that.
I'm going to do a great PNL.
So it's our first out.
Well, it's not our first out.
Sorry about that.
I thought it was our first out anyway.
Yeah.
Who is that?
Okay, I know you want me to get the card out.
I didn't want to do it.
I didn't want to do it.
Like El Jolson said, you made me do it and I do it.
Where the hell is that card?
Now, see, that's the problem.
You start looking for those damn cards that you can't find out.
I mean, what?
Okay, I think we got the...
Let me get a little bit more compression going here.
The little lumpy here, myself, the gravelers.
I got five, baby.
Hey, 75 degrees in the magic city.
Hey, we're broadcasting live.
Hold on a second.
Let me stop that over.
75 degrees in the magic city.
Hills over, Grayson.
Oh, I'ma go already, old dog.
Come on down with it.
We're going to get down to that.
We're going to get down to that.
We're going to get down to that.
It's the right time.
What the hell am I talking about?
I still...
I just amazed at that.
That couldn't have happened twice.
I hope that Phil Henry is listening right now.
You talk about a blind talk up, man.
No timing.
No, you gotta see that's the old trick.
I mean, you know, getting...
In fact, that's what really pissed me off is when I used to start putting the times of the musical intros on the cart.
I mean, anybody can look at a timer into a talk up.
What kind of talent does that take?
The kind of talent that you find on FM.
That's the kind.
None.
A bunch of voices.
All so, a bunch of kid curries.
All sound the same, man.
No talent.
No personality.
No, not on nothing.
We have an open line in date.
75...
I'm not on a green line at 9463.
Here's a lady in Key Largo.
Hello.
Key Largo, I've been waiting so long.
I'm almost in Florida City.
I'm on the stretch.
All right.
You're making progress.
You're almost heading towards civilization.
If you keep going a few hundred miles, you'll make it.
I know.
You know.
This is the first time I've ever called you.
Why not?
I just...
Well, you know, I think it's because...
You get so used to hearing you all the time.
Yeah.
And I know I got this mobile, but I never call.
But the thought that Bell South is gonna pull out.
All of a sudden this morning I'm in a feeding frenzy.
It is scary when you hear that they're gonna pull out.
That's right.
You know, can I say something about Miami Dolphin?
You can say whatever you like.
This is America until Congress convenes today.
You can say whatever you like.
I think they're playing Great Ball.
And I just can't wait for the day when Jimmy Johnson catches the team.
Oh, right.
So I've been waiting for three years.
Yeah.
I keep digging when's it gonna happen?
Here's another vote against Brainstem Shulah.
I can't believe it.
I've been that way for four years,
but nobody wants to hear me.
Yeah, up until a year ago when you said that,
it was like, you were gonna dump my own martini on my head.
But now people are willing to listen.
Now they're willing.
Now they're all Johnson for it.
Yeah.
Now can I just really run Erickson through the rain or here?
Please go right ahead.
I think that the team...
Now about before you go into that, well maybe that's what you're gonna talk about.
Are you gonna respond to what I said about the Givestirkeys out there in the field,
like a bunch of assholes?
No.
Why not?
You don't agree with that.
I don't think that's the issue.
The issue is very...
I didn't say whether it's the issue,
but you certainly must have a feeling about that,
that you probably do not wish to articulate.
Now if they can do that, they wanna do that and play great ball.
I say more power to them.
Oh, I don't agree.
But that's okay.
It's time to shut it down and get down to the game.
You can have fun when you do that.
But what does that mean?
They lie.
It's a college football team.
They lost a couple of games.
I mean, do they have to win every week?
But that's not the issue.
Do they have to win every week to get a few fans to show up?
Yeah.
What is it?
What is his story besides he drinks too much milk?
What is the problem with that?
I don't care what he drinks.
He's all right.
He's an okay guy.
But when a team...
When a bunch of young men who are trying to play their heart out anyway...
I don't think you like his...
I don't think you like his kids' complexion.
That's the problem.
His son's got that crater face too.
I don't know.
I never thought about that.
But I've never thought about that.
Was that his son?
That's not his son, Craig Erickson.
That's not Dennis Erickson's son.
I don't know about Craig Erickson.
Was he his son?
I don't think so.
He's got a kid that plays football.
That was his son wasn't George.
He wouldn't care what I was saying.
I'm listening, but I'm interspersing some interesting stuff in with the two.
Go ahead.
Well, my problem with Erickson is that these guys are like a little more than halfway through the season.
He starts talking about entertaining other coaching jobs.
Yeah.
What kind of way is that to act?
What do you mean they're halfway through the season?
When did he say that?
When did he say that?
When did he say that?
When did he say that?
When did he say that?
When did he say that?
What about a month or so or a month and a half ago?
He was looking around.
He didn't say that.
And he was considered.
He didn't say it.
I heard him say it.
During the season he said it.
I heard him say it.
During the seeded broad crack cast and walk away.
Well, we'll pack him a sandwich.
I'm a glass of milk.
I think so.
Jimmy Johnson back at UM.
Yeah.
Well, no.
I don't know who's going to coach UM in the end, but the defensive coach, I think, does a fine job.
He'd make a good head coach.
Okay.
But Jimmy Johnson does really good.
Let's bring Bill Arn's bar to coach you of it.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
He's a good ball.
I sure do.
Or maybe if I get my tongue in the right position, right Luis?
Right?
Yes.
We have an open line on the star line.
Use it or lose it baby.
Use that star line.
If the people at Bell South mobility perceive that line is dead for more than like five seconds
they're yanking it right away in the line too.
I don't want to start playing butch balls, Diana.
It's 1150 at WIOD.
Sixth ten WIOD.
For better reception.
Take off your clothes and raise your antenna.
Don't show up.
Oh!
Not to be outdone by the mad dog.
The coach released an album of his own.
A collection of hand-tick tools sung by the coach himself.
Cause you will see one fine dead.
You will look at me.
You're gonna know what's out of you.
What meant to be the one who did.
One fine dead.
You're gonna want me or your girl.
I like it.
Never sound as old fine.
It's old fine.
It's old fine.
It's old fine.
Yeah.
My baby.
Stop on fine.
Same with Jesus up in there my wife.
Roo.
Oh, yeah.
It's old fine.
One fine.
One and one I recall.
The wife that brown brown.
Jesus loves me.
I feel fine.
And for a change of taste.
The coach is all time favorite.
My guy is red-high.
Your guy Lee Dooley squat.
Well, my guy Lee's red-high.
But your guy Lee Dooley squat.
If she's got my money, now she's really got a lot of money.
Well, he's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
He's so fine.
We need some help.
We need some help.
Love 55 at WI-D.
There's brainstems, Shula sings my favorite.
Let's go to North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about the Shuckin and Jyvin players.
Yes.
And the holding hands.
Those are two separate issues, yeah.
And the kneeling on the ground.
Right.
In the end zone, right.
I don't know if anyone called in about this.
After the Detroit game, I'm a season ticket holder.
And a bunch of players gathered at midfield for the kneeling down in the prayer.
Really?
Do you know who was involved in that?
You mean dolphin players?
Yeah.
I wouldn't think.
Not just dolphin players.
Dolphin Denny.
Dolphin.
Denny was involved in that?
Yes.
He is down there at midfield on his knees.
He ain't got a prayer.
You're into you that.
He was on his knees, huh?
Probably a lot of experience with that.
Dolphin Denny is a duck.
Oh!
And in closing, I have a comment to a Newt Gingrich.
Yes.
Listening.
Newt, our Black brothers have a very clear definition about something.
Our Black brothers say that a hoe is someone that will do everybody.
A bitch is someone that will do everybody but you.
Smelly bitch.
Okay.
Bye.
Have a nice day.
That was Harry Smith calling it, by the way, from CBS this morning.
We have an open line in Broward, 9463, and one on the Starline at Star-I-O-D.
Yeah.
And of course, Newt, like I said, doesn't deny it.
He's a foul mouth duplicitous.
A wife stabbing.
I mean, oh, man.
She's dying of cancer in a hospital.
Come on, honey.
Sign on this divorce release here.
Let me out of here so I can go get a good deal.
I mean, so I can go have a good time in, so I can get out of here now.
Come on.
So I can go be a hot shot, dot the eye.
And the media there are enough feeding friends.
They got Newt I.
I mean, Bob Dole, he's boring as he always was, but they've got an obsession with this fat part.
They're just a fat face piece of dirt.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Davey.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
First time caller, man.
I've listened to you a long time.
I usually work in during the week.
I don't get a chance to call you.
And you're off?
Yeah.
Was off yesterday, too.
Listen to y'all the yesterday.
Great.
Did you get a chance to see Hank Goldberg?
They had him on TV this morning.
Really?
Yeah.
You sound a little bit depressed.
Now I think I know the reason why.
He was talking to some people.
I guess it was his radio show, but they had a camera on him or whatever.
Are you cereal?
And now I know why he does radio.
That was Hank.
Yeah.
And he was talking about the show voting and stuff.
And they were talking about.
A lot of people were calling up, you know, saying they ought to get Eric's out of there.
And that's that.
And he was saying that the show voting is nothing that's part of the game.
It is not part of the game.
How come it is that the white guys don't do that?
And for the black guys got like a separate set of rules.
And unless they're allowed to show boat, and act like a bunch of jivas, turkeys,
then suddenly somebody step it on their fun.
Now I will say this.
All these unsportsmen like penalty calls on spike in the ball or excessive celebration.
I think that's a bunch of crap whether they're white, black, or both, or a little bit of each.
But I mean, as far as all this, you know what I'm talking about?
The shuffling and jivin and all.
Oh man, that's just pathetic.
It's a rotesque.
It's embarrassing.
Well, what he was saying is that it was all right when Johnson was there and they were winning.
But now that they're not going on different things.
Well, you know something, I hate to break the news to you, Hank.
But when Johnson was there and they put on that thug routine and they wore those fatigues
and they went out to the festival.
And they got their ass kicked by Penn State and the festival.
People were bitching and groaning and moaning about it then too.
So he's got a short memory and as usual, he just isn't asking us.
That's Hank, the biggest ass kisser in town.
He must have a tongue as big as his pus.
Yeah, and he was pretty much cropping at the mouth too because everyone was, I mean,
he really looked like a rabbit dog.
He was going nuts on the phone.
There you go.
So I just wanted to let you know about that.
I started out this morning and I said you got a great show.
I'm going to call a couple of guys a douchebag, all right?
Yes, sir.
I'll tell John and Keith, you're a bunch of Don Schurler-loving douchebag.
Oh!
Have a great day, pal.
I'm going to get out of here.
Open line in Broward, 5249463, one on a purple line, one on a starline.
Starline!
Don't tell me that's disconnected.
Now, Bell Soft Mobility, you better get on that baby because like I said,
I give them the amus man.
I told them they better use it or they lose it.
Like many other things in life, use that starline, fondle of caress it, love it.
Because they're going to yank that on us any second.
