It's 1106 at WINZ. We're back for our fourth and final hour with the on a Thursday
Bill Calderall be here at midnight and we'll be back with our mystery guest in
a little bit but right now it's time to get an update from a good friend of ours.
Roger Conner is the executive director of Fair, the Federation for American
Immigration Reform in Washington DC. At Roger and the folks at Fair have been
working diligently now for what seems a lifetime on this whole immigration mess.
And Roger, where are we today?
Well, we'll you you've probably seen the line stories in the last
fifty or eight hours and I have to put a question back at you if the
whether anybody was asked to float back to Cuba today.
The best of the stories we were hearing on the radio about
New Year in Washington. Yeah.
When the court of the field family cleared the race for the free 23 Cuban
criminals to be returned. Right. And did that actually happen to you know?
As far as we know, that's what we've been reporting all day and I as far as I
saw the story on the evening news before I came on I thought that was the
plane that I saw, unless it was a fantasy, but as far as we know, yes.
You know, it seems like a long time from the first television from the first
time that you and I were on the radio together. When we were
being introduced to everybody that there was going to be traveling, because of the fact that
my 🎶
Roger, let me tell you. We've got a line that sounds like you're...You know,
calling from underneath a rock somewhere. So, so let me do this.
Let me put you on hold for a second and Chris will call you back on another line.
Okay.
Okay.
Put the end of her.
Right.
Let me go up and pick up another phone.
Okay.
Rogers on one of those cheap phones, even at fair, they have cheap phones in their house.
Come on, Roger. Get serious.
Anyway, we'll see if that's not the phone, and we'll call them back on another line,
because that was almost unintelligible.
Anyway, while we're waiting for Roger to dodge over to another telephone,
let me remind you that DCA, South Florida's number one builder,
announces the opening of that great brand new model center at sunrise lakes on University Drive,
just south of Oakland Park Boulevard, and as far as retirement community value,
this is it. Trust me when I tell you, sunrise lakes with a multi-million dollar clubhouse.
There's tennis and golf top-name entertainers, a full-time social director,
everything you could ask for, and now with a new model center,
they're featuring four new elegant designer models.
They're beautiful one-in-two bedroom condos, each has either a golf course or water view
when they start. Get this from just the mid-30s.
The best retirement value, as I said, anywhere in our neck of the woods.
I'm going to be out there at sunrise lakes, a phase four model in sales center at 2701 University Drive,
next Sunday, that's a week from this Sunday, March 3rd from noon to 2,
and I'd like to meet a lot of you. I hope you'll come down and say hello,
and obviously, while you're there, check out these great new models.
At sunrise lakes on University Drive, just south of Oakland Park Boulevard,
for exact directions, call them, call 742-3200.
Right now, let me tell you about our good friends at TV Analyst in North Miami Beach,
the Dependable Pros for Audio TV and VCR repairs over 30 years of dependable experience,
and servicing and keeping customers satisfied all over the South Florida area.
And let me remind you, and this is an exciting offer they're making.
They've had a tremendous response if you own a video recorder,
any make, any model, whether it's beta, VHS, whatever it is,
and you have any kind of a repair problem right now,
while the special offer is on, the people at TV Analyst will repair it 99.95 complete,
that includes parts, that includes labor, the whole smear,
and believe me, when I tell you, VCR repairs usually cost a heck of a lot more than that.
So if you've got a problem with your VCR, keep it in top work and shape,
and call TV Analyst tomorrow, the number to call is 944-3973.
944-3973, and don't forget for your TV repairs,
if you mentioned the O'Rodgers, they'll take $10 off their regular price, too.
TV Analysts, there are 265 Northeast 166th Street in North Miami Beach,
right behind Coney Island, their service hours Monday through Saturday from 9 to 530,
and that number again, 944-3973.
It's 11 after 11, and let's see if we've got Roger and his telephone hooked up again.
Roger? That's a lot better. You don't sign a lock, you're in Alaska now.
Sorry about that. More like Auregon, but a lot better.
Thank AT&T for this.
Okay, you were saying.
What I was saying was that when we first started talking,
we said that we could not allow Fidel Castro to decide America's immigration policy.
And a lot of people said that's alarmist rhetoric.
Don't worry. Go back to talking about Hollywood actresses or something,
and ignore this. You said I won't ignore this.
I think that this is serious, a serious problem.
And of course, eventually, everybody else came around to realizing
that the concern you were raising on your radio show and that your listeners were raising
were valid and true.
And now at long last, we have step one, 23 criminals being returned.
I just talked to Richard Alvarez, last week, Richard Alvarez is a Cuban American.
He's a policeman. He lives in Pennsylvania.
He, on a little Apple computer and is that the pay for with his own money,
has kept track with police departments all across the United States
of the criminals who came over in that flotilla.
And it's his opinion that there are several tens of thousands.
Yep.
We need to be returned before this return of the criminals is over.
Absolutely. And those of us who have a good memory and remember back to 1981
are positive that he's correct.
So that's step one.
But of course, the bigger problem that we face is that
Fidel Castro is not the only foreign dictator who is in control of our partial control
of America's immigration policy.
Someone once said that the IATO LaHomanie has more to do with America's immigration policy
and an American citizen doesn't.
And they're not far off.
There's a new development, that two new developments here that I have to call everybody's attention.
The first is that there is a new Mexican connection.
What I mean by that is in the last six months the immigration service has uncovered dozens of smuggling rings
that are smuggling illegal aliens into the United States.
And they're smuggling them across the Mexican border, but the people they're smuggling are not Mexican.
People from Bangladesh are paying $2,000 to $4,000 of poof to be smuggled across the Mexican border.
People from the Philippines are being smuggled across the Mexican border.
Believe it or not, Haitian illegal immigrants are being smuggled across the Mexican border.
That's huge and exorbitant poof.
The INS has captured a number of these people, but they say they just hit the tip of the iceberg.
What's beginning to happen is that as a pressure for immigration builds around the world,
people in countries around the world are making contact with smugglers in Mexico that are saying
the United States borders out of control if you want to come to America, here's the way to do it.
Ignore the legal routes.
Ignore, don't go to the State Department.
Don't go through American law bypass American law.
It's a new development.
I think it's a serious one and one that we've got to take very seriously.
That's on the negative side.
On the positive side, Senator Simpson is staffed as assured me personally that he will be introducing legislation in a short time.
He's going to be holding hearings, but he is going to be introducing new comprehensive immigration legislation, Neil.
It's actually going to be even stronger than the legislation that he introduced last year.
He hasn't decided on the final form it's going to take.
What they told us is that he said this publicly in Washington, so not speaking out of school here,
that he's going to introduce legislation.
He's going to pose it to be passed, and that if the leadership of the House of Representatives wants to block it,
they're going to have to do so right out in front of God and everybody.
That's on the positive side, that there is.
I think that part of what has happened in Washington, Neil, is a result of the SOS campaign
and all the people in South Florida who got involved at the end of last year and at the beginning of this year.
You see one of the things, the people in Florida, you concentrated on your Florida representatives and senators, and that's proper.
And they talked to their friends, and Florida is considered a pivotal state by both the Democrats and the Republicans.
Neither the Democrats nor the Republicans want to have angry Floridians hanging on their door,
and those both parties are now jocling to see which can do a better job of trying to respond.
So what you've convinced people of here in Washington, I think, is that the people in Florida, as well as across the country, are still watching,
and they're still involved, and we just refuse to throw in the panel.
We just refuse to give up our heritage, our future for ourselves and our children, just because it's difficult.
Yeah.
Just because it's not easy to resolve this immigration problem.
So that's from the positive side.
Now, on the legislative front, I think there is, there, Congress now has, it's almost, you know, the old story about how to get the muels of tension.
You had to take a two by four in him and a forehead.
Yeah.
Well, the SOS campaign was a politically prevalent of a two by four across the head of the muel, and we got their attention.
Now, on the front that you know, we found a lawsuit in January, late January,
thanks in part to the support we received from people, financially in South Florida, to finance the lawsuit.
It's only just begun, but we found a lawsuit.
The government has not yet responded to that case, but they must respond by some time in March.
They get 60 days in the basis file, so about March 25th.
Right.
They must respond to the lawsuit.
We do not yet know what it is that they're going to say.
But, frankly, I look at the law and on the law it's an open and chuck case.
And the last thing that's very interesting development, the other that happened here in the country,
is a movement has a reason called the sanctuary movement.
I don't know if it's gotten much publicity there in the Florida, mostly in Texas and New Mexico and Arizona.
It's a group of people who say that they believe that people coming from El Salvador
should be allowed to immigrate freely to the United States.
Now, the government doesn't agree with this.
And thus, they decided to take the law into their own hands
and bring people from El Salvador and Guatemala into the United States on their own.
They could have made themselves into the government, if you will.
Right. There's a piece on the CBS evening news about that tonight.
The interesting thing to me is the parallel.
You see them saying, in the instance of the Cuban flotilla, a group of people said,
we don't care what the government's policy is.
We have decided that these people from Cuba should be allowed to come to the United States.
So we will take the law and throw our hands and bring those people here.
Right.
If we decide that that should be the law.
And now a group is saying, well, if we don't agree with the government's policy on El Salvador and Guatemala,
we will go and we will take the law into our own hands.
Yeah.
It's the same basic phenomenon and has got to be responded to in the same way.
And that is that our freedom is based and predicated on the respectful law and a respectful order.
And we have got to fight on every front when people say,
citizens are going to take the immigration law into their own hands
or the special treatment should be accorded to any group, whether it's El Salvadorans or Mexicans or Filafino's or Cuba.
I want to ask you about the Cuban Adjustment Act.
The numbers that we're hearing, in fact, just today, one of the representatives from the INS said 30,000 a year is generally speaking the number we can expect.
Now that the exchange process has begun in a very small way, we can expect 30,000 total number immigrants per year over the next several years.
Obviously, the key to a lot of this in terms of the snowball effect and the things you and I have talked about in the past,
is that Cuban Adjustment Act and whether it's going to be invoked until the end of time,
or whether we're going to finally get that message across to the government and say,
hey, this is not good law.
It's not valid for you to invoke it at this time and it's got to be stopped.
You see the key is the Congress amended the Cuban Adjustment Act in 1977.
Right.
And said that if you take an extra Cuban this year, you've got to take one skewer from some other country.
Right.
And those people have to qualify for visas just like anybody else.
Now that amendment was just as plain as a nose in your face, the committee reports said that it's a intent of Congress,
that no one can be granted permanent residence under the Cuban Adjustment Act unless visas are available.
For most of these individuals, visas are not available.
It was a clear intent of Congress.
If more Cubans are admitted, they've got to be fewer people admitted from Mexico and the Philippines and Taiwan or some other country.
Now, for the INF to come along and say, well, we're just going to admit it extra 10,000 or 20,000 people a year.
Because we, I don't know why, that's not the way our system of government works.
The Congress makes the law. The immigration service does not make the law.
And that's really what this lawsuit is all about.
If they want to change the law, let them go to Congress. Let them do it out in the open.
Let them have everybody see what they're doing.
But are we called our representatives accountable if they do?
But Roger, we're going to have to wait until the lawsuit is resolved or is part of what's happening in the Congress and in the House in particular,
part of what is happening and attempt to clarify that whole situation with the Cuban Adjustment Act.
Well, I think what is going to happen because of the lawsuit, it is going to trigger efforts in Congress to clarify.
And I hope anyway, it will force the Congress to finally face up to this situation.
Yeah.
And put some realistic and effective limits on the number of people that are going to flow into this country from everywhere, including Cuba.
But I'll tell you one thing. We will fight all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to to prevent that prediction that you just saw in the paper from coming to pass.
Yeah.
Because I think we've all agreed that the carrying capacity of South Florida in natural resource terms, economic terms and social terms is very nirvana.
And there's, you know, there's been in all areas of life, moderation is a virtue. I was always told.
And I think we've got to have some moderation when it comes to immigration in South Florida.
Well, there's no question about that. That's the bottom line.
And we're trying to reach a happy medium and find some sanity in the whole policy, not just in regard to us, but in regard to the whole country.
And that's what the whole thing has been about right from the beginning.
Obviously, people who are members of fair, people who are supportive and it's a long drawn out battle any time you enter into a lawsuit like you are doing with the federal government.
You need their continued contributions. You need their continued support. And we also need continued input from the residents here to those folks we put on those lists way back in December and January.
Absolutely. Because I'll tell you that what Congress, what the, let me put it differently, what the special interest in Washington hope is that the people of Florida,
will lose hope. Their belief is that the general public ultimately doesn't care about the future.
Well, that's what allows the special interest to prevail on many, many issues in this town.
They're very much out of touch with the sentiments of the people of South Florida if they really believe that.
Now that's right. That's what they're hoping. And so far, we've proven them wrong.
At every turn when they try to come in and seize the advantage, seize the upper hand, sneak one through, you've been there and the citizens of South Florida have been there to say we've had it.
We're not going to take it. We're not going to stand for it. We're going to fight.
And, you know, thank goodness for that because this has been the spur that's helped us so often to get Congress off the dime and to get Congress moving not just for the protection of Florida, but for the protection of the entire country.
Hey man, Roger, thanks a million. It's good to talk with you. As always, keep working hard and we'll work hard on this end and get as much input as we can.
And we'll be in touch again real soon. Thanks a million. Roger Cutter, the executive director of Fair, the Federation for American Immigration Reform with a couple of pieces of good news there.
It's 25 minutes after 11 at W.I.N.Z. And in just a couple of minutes after we do a little piece of business, we have our mystery guest.
We're going to unveil him, take off the veil. We're going to try to keep on the clothes. And if you'd like to talk to our mystery guest, those who've already identified, I feel like John, what was his name on What's My Line? John Dealy.
The number in date is 624-0191. Please sign in. What is he signing on there? Now, not write that in here.
Anyway, the number in date is 624-0191. And in Broward, it's 764-07-07. If there are any fans of this startling personality who's in our studio tonight, now's the time to get to those phones. If you want to speak to them during the brief half hour or so, that we have left.
Let me give the numbers one more time in date. It's 624-0191. And in Broward, 764-07-07. Right now, it's 1126 at W.I.N.Z. And to be kind of interesting, if nobody calls, you want it to be a stan.
Yes, twice as much for half the price. That's right, there's twice as much of the magnificent country club lifestyle you've always wanted at Boka Tika, Boka Ritones' most successful country club community.
Twice the recreation, twice the elegance for half the price you'd pay for anything comparable. They've got it all. Golf, tennis, clubhouse, health club, recreation center with fabulous facilities, 11 pools, even a motel for your guests.
And wait till you see the apartment. So spacious and luxurious, you're not going to believe they start at just 95,000. Boka Tika, absolutely the best value you wanted to floor the sun.
Get by tomorrow and take a look for yourself. Take I-95 to your motto, Road East. Toward the ocean and Boka, go to the third light, turn left into the Boka Tika entrance to the first stop sign for the model and information center.
If that's a little confusing for exact directions or more information in Broward, call 426-3600. That's 426-3600 or in date, call 949-6109.
949-6109, Boka Tika, twice the living at half the price. 28 after 11 at W-I-Z, you know when you have a money emergency, it always seems to happen at the worst possible time stand, whatever it might be.
You big car repair bill out of a job and when you do have a situation like that, it always pays to call the pros, the good folks at United Mortgage Company will give you personal understanding service.
So if you need a first or second mortgage on any kind of property, whether it's in or out of Florida, call United Mortgage. They'll take the application information right over that telephone so they can get to work for you right away.
And don't forget inquiries from investors are always welcome too. In date you'll reach United Mortgage by calling 379-2676.
That's 379-2676. In Broward, it's 524-7225. That's 524-7225 or from the Palm Beaches, call 655-95554 United Mortgage Company, a soft Florida institution you can trust.
29 after 11 here at W-I-Z, Bill Carter comes along at midnight. Stan Major is in the studio with us and has been here fooling around for about the last hour.
Ah, bye. Well, I don't know, it seems like it and seems like about eight hours to you. Well, that's because it's a tough one.
It really goes slow, but at any rate, especially when the phone is empty, we've been sizzling all night, right? We were cooking along and Stan came in and played mystery guest and now the phone is in the program.
As dead as a proverbial door nail. So if there are Stan Major fans out there, Stan of course was here on W-I-Z for what about two years? I think it was about a year and a half. Well, that's a pretty long time for you too.
Yeah, Stan's average W is usually about what, six weeks? Yeah, six weeks. Something like that. And you're in a half a W-I-Z. I think I was here.
Busting something else. And of course prior to W-I-Z, he was at W-Snow's down there in South-Aid. And the fact you were there, the day we went on the air, weren't you?
I was in the old WFA building on the day of the flood. Yes. Even no one ever saw anything like that.
And we were all sitting there with our pants rolled up to our knees. I was to God, it's the only time I ever had an umbrella for somebody in the building.
It was really unbelievable. And Stan of course then, you weren't around very long then, but I don't think that was your doing.
Yeah, I was there a year. In the beginning? Yeah, in the beginning I was there a year. And then you kind of flew away. I came over here.
Oh, that's right. I just moved right over here. I came right over here and then came back a second time to W-Snow's.
Right. And was not there very long. No, that second time. That's when I went to Philadelphia. Right.
But a lot of, seriously, a lot of people during the past five years I have heard back from you and from others.
I've had some very kind things to say about me down here. Not on this show. Well, my name has come up occasionally. Kind of unkind things. They got the name right. Let's put it that way.
And it's nice to be able to say thank you to them because I haven't been able to do that in person.
Boy, what a mellow. What a way to be remembered. It really is. It's nice to be remembered.
Well, if the phone is any, you know, barometer, nobody calling you. You got the phone number.
Okay, if you want to talk to Stanmaid, you've got 28 minutes now left and one break. So really when you take it all out, it's not that much time.
And if you don't call him this half hour, and if he doesn't hear from some of his former fans and some of the people are really despised, former girlfriend, former girlfriend.
There were many of those former folks who just hated his guts. And there were, there were at least a couple of those.
The number in date is 624 0191 624 0191 and inbroward, it's 764 0707. Now it would be really embarrassing.
I mean, five years is a fairly long time in this business, but it's not a lifetime. And it would be kind of embarrassing if we didn't get all the lines lit up there.
Well, there are a lot of people down here from Philadelphia now.
I'm sure. I have people who mentioned WWDB very frequently as a matter of fact. The Dolly Banks once in a while calls. And there are some actual people who are from Philly.
You'll call, talk about you and Bob Grant and Jerry Williams and Dom Quinn and Richard Hayes. See how I remember all of those names?
You know, Grant made a big move lately. I thought he's not an MCA. No, he's a WABC.
You're kidding. From 9 to midnight. Bob Grant.
And can I be heard in Philadelphia for the first time? Well, is he going back to the old Bob Grant? He's still kind of emasculated.
He is back to the old thing. They have loosened the muzzle. They've taken the shield off. Absolutely. And as a matter of fact, he was the fellow who was quoted in all the newspaper articles following the Bernard Getz thing.
Because it was his show that was the melting pot. Yeah, I would imagine for comment.
But let me tell you, I'm sure they weren't Philly too, but they were nuts about that. They think Bernard Getz is the next thing to Jesus and maybe even a little bit better.
Couch, I think, is very nervous. Well, you guys get gets gets could run for mayor and whipping.
Oh, I'm sure he could run for anything in New York and win tomorrow. That's very interesting about Bob Grant being a WABC.
All kinds of things in show, but you get on the inside of the business when you listen to this show.
Okay, you've got several callers on here. We have one line still open and date six two four oh one nine one.
And in Broward, if there any angry Hispanics out there, the number is seven six four oh seven oh seven. Now you must admit you did ruffle a few feathers while you were here.
I've never offended anybody, but you my biggest fans were Merit Stairheim and doing night night and Maurice for a race for a he still speaks very highly of you when he comes out.
And it shows of gobbles of my when he comes on my show, he speaks very highly of you, but of course the mayor doesn't come on this show.
Okay, line one in Miami. Hello.
Oh, I stay and I'm glad to see you. Thank you, sir.
And I mean it. You're one guy had to encourage your convictions. We got a lot of more to misnourage here now.
And they haven't got any gut to go. How is my hometown of Philadelphia?
Well, it's still there, sir. Is that right? But they're about to lose the Gulf oil refinery.
Is that right? Why? What happened?
Well, those things keep happening. Well, anyway, let's talk about the worries.
I'm worried about you being here. What's that? Does the main guy has no you here yet?
I've been in Miami since 940 and haven't received one death threat.
That must be some kind of record.
I'm pleased to take care of yourself. And believe me, I say with all my heart, you have guts and a lot of men nothing here.
What do you try to say, sir? What do you try to say? Spit it out. Come on. I can take it.
I'm not talking about you. Oh, okay.
An exception really are, but you turned yellow too a little bit.
Yeah, I knew it was coming. I know.
When you started the weekend on this day of you, I just turned yellow.
Yeah, I just put my tail between my legs and ran ahead.
Okay, sir. Thank you. I knew that was one of my fans. I recognized the voice.
Old Yellow stain, they called it. It's the canine mutiny, lady will be in any second.
We have a couple of lines open and dead. 624-0191. Stand major is in Miami, which could be of major significance or on the other hand.
I don't tell a hero. And we have a couple of open lines in Broward where of course Stan is very big.
Broward number is 764-07-07. Line 2 in Miami. Hello.
Yes, I just caught the end of the last hour and of course you had an ounce to it was, but I could tell by the dose of tunes.
It was five years ago that we heard this man that it was stand major.
Seems like a lifetime, doesn't it? It does. Stan, what are you back for?
I'm a combination vacation business. I see. Are you still working until it out here? I didn't hear you.
No, I resigned my position up there. Is there a possibility?
Hell, I don't know. I'm going to talk to you.
No, no, come on. This fits right in with what you and your gentleman who's gone at 12 wants to do.
Who's that? Are talking to the management.
Oh, no. We don't talk to the management anymore. No, we've learned better than that.
We like to stay friendly in the best way is to keep a distance.
I mean, but stand major on WINZ would be one.
There's a three of you. Build call to stand major and meal rogers would be one.
Wouldn't that be a trifecta? Don't really like the building too much, but that's okay.
What do you want? You want to be first now? You want to be first?
Absolutely, don't you? How are we going to do it by age?
Good heavens. We do it by age. Call to get first blank.
It's good to hear your voice, Dan. I hope you consider coming back down here.
Thank you very much. Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you, but I'll see how this whole immigration thing goes before anybody makes a decision.
Okay, we've got some lines open. Stand major is here.
And of course, we want you to regale him with your delight and hysteria over hearing his, as the caller said,
dulcet tones or did he say dull tones? I'm not sure.
In Dade County, six two four.
Are you aware?
Yes, I'm. I'm fine. Still got my hair.
He looks the same. He looks the same as ever.
Well, I just want to end my sentence to everybody else.
I wish it could back if we sure need you here.
Well, that's very kind of.
I mean it. You're a meal and...
Stan had guts, didn't he?
Pardon?
I say Stan had a lot of guts.
I know we did. We sure and generally miss him.
Not a lot of common sins, but a lot of guts.
I was going on at other stations. It's just disgusting. I don't turn them on.
What station is that, man?
Oh, snooze?
Rhymes with lues, I guess.
But what can I say? We don't want to be bitter, you know.
I know. I don't want to take up to...
I know quite a few people want to talk to you.
And I wish you a good house, Stan.
And please stay.
Thank you, dear.
All right.
I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Okay, you're really getting some going here. Line 5 in Hollywood. Hello.
I'm Stan. Welcome back.
How are you, my dear?
Let me tell you something.
Neil, I'm Stan. It will stand and turn me on to Rudd's work radio.
Well, I don't doubt that. Stan has heard a lot of people on it.
I don't know if you're aware of it or not, Neil.
But you and he both have a very similar voice.
You can know that. Has anybody else commented about it?
Never. No.
I think it's because we're sitting in the same studio.
No, no, no, no. I mean that's... I mean that's...
St. Kelly.
Oh.
I just... I'm just so... he laid it back and I hope that you're going to stay.
Well, I'm complimented that you would call an undoubly complimented that you would compare me to Neil Rogers.
Well, you're in very good company. I can assure you of that.
Thank you.
And as far as cuts, you're both right in there.
Thank you.
Top's in my best best of you.
Thank you. And that makes up for that first gentleman with old yellow stain there.
What does he know?
What does he know? He lives on the beach. What does that tell you?
Home.
Okay.
Okay, right on.
Bye-bye.
One open line at day, 624-0191.
We're building to a crescendo here as major comes back to dazzle and delight and irritate the South Florida audience.
No former girlfriend.
The number in brow... well, those are the irritated ones. Mostly.
The number in brow it is 764-0707.
You would probably say they were the ones that were dazzled, but I've heard different.
Line 1, Miami Beach. Hello.
No, Neil, I live on the beach and don't compare me to that first one.
No, not at all.
Well, the beach isn't all bad. It just pockets of badness.
There are some very good ones on the beach. Those are the left. Very few adults.
Anyway, I want to say welcome back to Stan.
Thank you.
And you consider going back to snooze?
I think there's a 3-6 bus that should go.
It's not.
It's disgusting.
Absolutely. I don't know how he got the jaw.
But he does know a lot of restaurants, man.
There's a lot of restaurants and today, you know, there's nobody to listen to between 3-6.
So he's talking about nude babies.
Well, you have to listen to INZ and get all the news between 3-6.
Well, I get the news from INZ in the morning, as I gave up on the program director the whole year.
So I think you ought to apply for that job.
Well, man, I really don't know what's going to happen.
It seems like you've got a ground swell of support building here.
Now, tomorrow they're going to be marching in the streets.
We want Stan.
We want Stan.
They'll be standing over there and talking to the thumb.
Yeah, call out, call out, Rantel, until they have lunch with me at least.
I don't want to speak to that, sir.
Well, you've got a lot of freebies you could enjoy down there.
That's the least they can do is buy you a lunch or something.
Well, we're better get in touch with Steve because he has your freebies.
Okay, thanks for the call, dear.
Bye-bye.
Well, they get hostile at the drop of a bucket here.
I'm telling you all you have to do is start mentioning talk radio and they go nuts.
19 till midnight at W.I. and Z, another veteran of the talk war is Bill Calder.
Is in the building right now and Bill is going to regale you for five hours starting a midnight.
And I'm going to tell you something.
He's got stories from Gulfstream today that are just going to knock your socks off.
Under a contract with the United States government, I am C's Gold Plus Plan is working to provide Medicare beneficiaries for individuals with parts A and B of Medicare.
The finest healthcare available with lots of free benefits and no monthly premium.
And now the Gold Plus Plan has become one of the fastest growing HMO Medicare plans in the whole country.
Over 140,000 Floridians enrolled in over 90 medical centers all over day,
Broward in Palm Beach County.
So you know there's one close to you.
And I'll forget the Gold Plus Plan is recently opened their enrollment office at Cedar's Medical Center.
That's a 1321 Northwest 14th Street Miami.
You can enroll there any weekday, Monday through Friday between the hours of nine and six or during those same day time hours.
Just give them a call at their toll free number.
Call 1-800-462-273.
That's 1-800-462-273.
17th you'll midnight at WINZ.
Let's talk about great food again.
You know we're just talking about good restaurants and moment of go if you will love mouthwatering seafood prepared to perfection.
And I highly recommend you give it try at the Italian Fish House, a tremendous menu, every kind of seafood under the sun and then some.
And it's all prepared fresh, only the highest quality ingredients used in the preparation.
And all the seafood is fried in pure peanut oil too.
And if you want those early bird lovers here in South Florida, they got an early bird for you every afternoon from 4-6-30.
The early bird dinner started just 4-95.
They give you loads of food and the whole meal from 4-95 to a top of 7-95, depending upon the choice of entree.
Choose from broiled macaron, breast of chicken cacciaturi, a broiled Boston scrawd, broiled citra, a veal cutlet, parmesan, spaghetti, or linguini with meatballs, and lots more.
And again those entire meals starting for just $4.95.
You'll love their raw bar. They have stone crabs, fresh clams and oysters, and lots, lots more.
It's a super place. Give it a try soon. The Italian Fish House at 177th and Collins Avenue on Motel Row.
At 16 till midnight, the infamous Stan major is in town. He just kind of dropped in like out of nowhere tonight.
And we opened the door and there he was.
Had to open the gate first.
We opened the gate, we opened the door, and all of a sudden he came back and saw the palatial part of our new studios back here.
This is, you must admit, first cabin compared to the...
Well, it wasn't bad. I mean, even what we had was better than what they had across the city.
Right. But this is phenomenal here.
I don't know why Maurice Faray wouldn't come out just to see what the place looks like.
Well, if I would leave the building, he might just be nice.
Let's try line 6 in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, I don't want to let the cannon of the bag, but the yellow stains and the hot burn cane have been seen launching its Morrison.
I've rune the hazard through the Boston circuit that Stan is coming back to hit the 3-6 circuit.
And these rumors are really sound and solid, and I just feel as if we should give out all the news that's at the point.
I'm really happy to hear it, and the people should know that we need a 3-6 drain on the radio, and we've got to get that other kid off.
We'd welcome you back, and I can't wait for you to start, and looking forward to the announcement of when the day is.
Do you know a hell of a lot more than I do?
Well, I want to tell you something. That Jerry Williams can't keep a secret.
Jerry Williams can't keep a secret.
Right.
I mentioned it on his program the other day that one of the leading boys from Philadelphia was on his way down here.
Well, sure. I was coming down for a vacation.
Well, no. That's a little bit more.
Let's let's let this out. Let everybody know. Let's have a good time. Let the flags begin to unfrozen.
We'll get easy on his finding.
You haven't had your flags at full staff since I left, right, sir?
What staff?
But what is on those flags? That's the question.
Let's happen to the honest things that are tonight.
The results?
Yeah.
Have an 11th and 12th trisector trying to figure out the results.
If we got him any other room?
Well, I'll tell you what, I'll try to make call to our plan.
We preempted him because I gave Stan such a short trip.
I rather he has Stan anyway.
Okay. Well, that's a good deal.
He didn't win any money anyway.
Take good care now.
Thanks a lot. He didn't win any money. I can tell him.
How do you know that? I had a good day out of Gulfstream today.
I had five winners. We went there for the last eight races.
I had five winners in eight races, including a $25 horse and a $40 horse.
That's not bad.
I'm not going to go to the track with you Saturday because if you had a good day like that,
it comes on the roll. I'm on a roll.
We go in streaks. Caughters been on the losing streak for a while.
I don't know. I know he was 0 for 40 at one point.
That's me in trivial pursuit.
And he cashed.
I held the record as the all-time loser in trivial pursuit.
Okay. Well, we're not going to give you the prize at the end of the show.
That is for sure.
Align two and Kendall. Hello.
Oh, hello. Is the famous Neil Rogers?
This is the infamous Neil Rogers and the outrageous Stan Major.
I just wanted to reserve it tonight.
You know, you know, it sound like you're coming from a vanicula on my radio.
So I decided to call you mean something good has happened tonight.
Yeah, that's maybe it's because of the Stan.
I think Stan has brought us some good luck from Philadelphia.
Anyhow, I wanted to put my vote in for Stan.
That's very kind of for what? What is he running?
The greatest six. I thought it was too good of you to do that.
Oh, you folks sure way ahead of me.
Well, you don't understand.
You see, this is kind of a subliminal attack against the particular individual at the time.
Oh, it seems to arouse considerably more iron than even in your wildest days you ever dreamed of doing.
I thought he was trying to do it.
In other words, they hate him is what I'm trying to say to you.
I mean, you know, what am I using all of this language here?
They despise the guy.
Is this a guy saw in the Donohue show?
That's the guy.
Was he plugging his restaurants on that show?
No.
Oh, he was having a tough time getting on the air.
No, I don't really know anything about him or anything about what's been going on in Miami for about five years or other than what Neo tells me.
You're right. I started listening to you.
I first started listening to pop radio and I found you, you know, pretty good.
Well, we had a lot of fun in those days.
Yeah, it was a little different then.
Yeah, well, that was a whole nother area.
That was like another lifetime.
Well, he got into some pretty serious topics, but he's pretty good.
I just started called because like I said, you know, like tonight, I finally finally coming in.
Well, if you can hear us and Kindle, I'm sure my former wife will call you when she's checking them out.
Usually it sounds like usual sounds like Havana, you know, but tonight is a little different.
Well, we got Fidel on his best behavior tonight.
We sent a few of those criminals back and he's going to mind his business.
Yeah, that's possible.
Maybe there's a guy coming to do.
Don't hold your breath.
Have a good night.
Thanks a lot.
Line three in South Dade.
Hello.
Hello, Sam Major.
How are you, man?
I miss you.
I'm glad you're back.
And you're the one that taught me about Norengia.
I never knew there was a Norengia till you said it.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Norengia.
Norengia.
Down by homestead.
You had a lady call from Norengia one day.
Really?
And you snored very nicely through the phone while she was talking.
I became your fan that day.
Well, anybody from Norengia is all right with me.
Well, anyway, I just called to say welcome back and I hope you stay.
Thank you, my dear.
I died.
Thanks a lot.
By the way, if Dali is listening on the beach, we'd love to hear from her tonight.
Snoring while somebody's on here, can you believe that anybody would do something as tacky
and grotesque as that?
That's really terrible, isn't it?
Let's go to line four in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, I just turned my dial and there you are.
I'm so glad to hear you back, Stan.
Thank you.
I always wanted to say when you were around here and you certainly are a welcome change.
Oh, I like all of the I.N.C. people.
And I think that that rude crude snored who took you to a place of a talk host on W.
There's a program right now, a lot of people off here.
We didn't ask for this.
You know, this just happened spontaneously.
This is a very interesting spot.
It's completely empty.
It's coming into me and I'll be listening to a raise and a big.
Thank you, dear.
And welcome back.
Okay, well, I understand you're staying at the Ramada.
Thanks a lot.
You're not staying at the Ramada.
The foul harbor?
Sure.
Sure you are.
Let's throw in a couple more so I get phone calls every place.
He's staying at the Motel 6, which is about as much, you know, after you're working to fill it off here for five years.
But we'll talk about that later.
Line 5 in Pembroke, let's try to get in downtown in one of the snazzy new ones and they wouldn't let me in.
No, they won't let you in downtown.
There are too many people who speak Spanish down there.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Can I ask your guess what the status of talk radio is up here filling now?
Well, we covered that briefly, but he'll go into it again.
All right, I just got on about 10 minutes.
Except for the station that I just left, WWDB, which is all talk on F.
I have to listen to you up there.
Yeah, there really isn't anything that exciting happening on AM.
What's Leonard Toes doing these days?
Leonard Toes is going to have to unload the Eagles.
I don't care what you hear.
He will have to sell.
Or the bank is going to take the team.
Yeah.
Leonard said don't bet on it though.
The true one's a good idea to go out to lunch with Mayor Good.
No, I don't.
I don't.
And he doesn't have time for lunch.
He's a very busy man.
He's a very busy man.
Actually, surprisingly, he's a very effective, effective mayor.
But compared to what we had in mayor green before Mayor Good went in,
anything would have been Mickey Mouse would have been an effective mayor.
Do you like Miami better than Philadelphia?
No, I don't like either one of them better than the other one of them.
He doesn't like either one.
He doesn't like any place.
I don't don't don't put me in that kind of position.
They're both very nice places.
The thing about Miami is it's so marvelous to be able to go to a supermarket and buy a bottle of wine.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
You have to read a supermarket at three in the morning.
Stan gets into a lot of these esoteric conversations that are very, very difficult to follow.
And that's the one thing.
When you listen to Stan show, it keeps you alert because you have to have a road map.
And you know, you start out in Narendra and you wind up in OJ.
You have to live in a place like Philadelphia, a meal for a while to realize how good you've got it in an area where you can walk into a drugstore at three in the morning if you've got a toothache.
What does that mean?
What are you doing for a lot of it?
You can't, there's not one single 24 hour drugstore in all of the fourth largest market.
That's so part of the blue awesome, Drome is that kind of whole.
No, it's just that everybody decides that they will close at nine o'clock at night.
And so they close.
There's one supermarket chain and they only have, oh, maybe in the entire area of Philadelphia and Sanchez, they have maybe five stores and they're open 24 hours.
That's it.
See, when you were up there, you kept trying to get me to go to work up there.
And now, and you tell me how great it was, now that he's left there and he's here, he's telling me how lousy it is.
No, I'm just telling you the difference because you haven't been there.
So you're not aware of these finite little things that bug the hell out of me.
The state liquor thing is the thing I campaigned against up there almost every day on the air.
It's the most assinine ripoff of the consumers that you can imagine.
Imagine if you want to buy a six pack of beer, you cannot get it any place except at a beer and soda store.
And those are few and far between.
In other words, you can go into grocery store and buy a six pack of bud.
And you can do that in almost any state in this country, but in Pennsylvania, you can't do that.
Oh, really?
Okay, lion.
I always do have a lottery.
I've always wanted to do that to your lion six in Helen Dale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Hi, Stan.
How are you?
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I just would like, I, I know why all these people are sending you to the up station.
I'd like you to be on I and Z with more talk shows.
Well, I think they're very successful with what they do, man.
I'm sure they are, but it's just a dial.
Listen to the other station anymore and inviting in the car busy turning dials.
I'll catch you somewhere.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll be up to five o'clock in the morning when you stay on what you call it.
I know I know I know I know it doesn't make any difference.
When I stay on with what do you call it?
I mean, I go to bed, I go to bed at five and I'm up at seven thirty.
Well, don't count on too many more of those, you know, those five, those five AM jobs, not too many.
Have a good night.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Put some of them on tape.
Line one in North Miami.
Hello.
Oh, Stan.
Yes, sir.
You sound a little more relaxed than you did back in the early, the burial boat lift.
I am quite relaxed, sir.
As I said, I've been here since 940 and have had one death threat.
Really a change.
Wait a minute.
We have a message coming up.
Well, I'd like to say I hope you stay with us down here.
It's good to hear your voice again.
Thank you.
Nice talking.
Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot.
I wasn't that great, doesn't that show you what an area died in, well, well informed audience I have on this show?
What are you laughing about?
They've really, really, really, really, well been very nice though.
They remember who you are.
Yeah.
They've been very kind.
But you know, the other night I did this show on nostalgia and I think the same point holds true.
My point was that when you think back to the good old days, you forget the bad things and you retain the good.
Yeah.
So they remember all the things they liked about you, right?
Right.
Right.
Well, we tend to do that about everything in our own mind.
It is true.
You screen out all the negatives down there.
You remember the good old days.
Right.
Just like you're forgetting about well, I evidently you're not because you keep mentioning it.
Those long yellow legal pads with all the death threats.
Yeah.
And that was kind of an interesting period of time.
I wasn't sure it's police front all the time.
But it wasn't quite like Nashville though.
I don't, I think, I think really ought to give that a try.
Before you make any rash decision, I think you ought to go up.
I understand you do an all paid religion at night up there.
They're wasting that big 50,000 watt signal at WLAC.
I think you'd be gangbusters.
You'd be dynamite if you pardon the expression in Nashville.
Well, if I could just pick a guitar.
It's over real big.
I think so.
That's excellent.
We used to have, they understand.
We used to have a couple and the shoes to sing and he used to play the guitar.
They were, I don't remember what their names were.
Maybe Calder will remember their names, but they used to follow me at midnight up there.
And they were a real trip.
Let me tell you that whole whole four weeks was exciting.
And it just seems to keep popping back all the time over and over again.
It just won't go away.
But anyway, Stan Major is here in town and he'll be around for a few days.
And you never know where you might hear him.
You might pop up on an e-show, right?
Could be even on I&Z FM.
Who know?
On I&95?
Heath is pondering that situation up there.
He's saying, well, you never know.
Let me tell you, he'd be dynamite on I&95.
He'd knock their socks off.
He'd put prints to shame.
Let me tell you that right now.
You think prints is how it looks like something.
You ought to see some of his clothes.
Anyway, Stan Major, it's great to see you again.
And you tell me where they're phoning my amy vies.
That's really the only reason I got here.
No matter what.
Right afterward, we've got six Cubans and Al Pacino out there.
And they're going to be welcoming you in just a second and two.
We have a special ceremony.
And they have a little award they'd like to give you that they wanted to give you before you left town.
Anyway, it's great to have Stan back with us.
And tomorrow night at 8 o'clock, my guest will be Gordon Stein.
And we'll be talking about atheism and agnosticism and rationalism and irrationalism
and all kinds of other exciting things.
Right now, speaking of irrational, Bill Calder is in the building.
And Bill, as I said before, has just stories to tell you that are going to turn you on your ear,
even wilder than usual.
So stick around for that.
And we'll see you again tomorrow night at 8 o'clock.
Linda Rockefeller standing by.
She also has some stories that will dazzle you.
And then we'll get the latest from CBS at midnight.
It's 11.59 at WINZ.
