Okay, we have an open line two of them in Dade County the number is 624-0191.
624-0191, it's open-posed tonight.
Anything you'd like to talk about so long as it has to do with animals.
Anybody who would have heard the monologue and put that on tape and heard what I've
away started the show and then kind of tuned out for about 10 minutes and come back.
Probably would wonder if they're listening to the same station and the same program.
But we're just having a wonderful time here and we have an all points alert all over
the W-I-N-Z building to see if we can't find the cat so we can bring her on the
ear here kind of introduce her and does she have a name? Does it have a name?
Oh her name? Her name is Ashley? That's the cat?
Oh I see he, Chris gave the cat the name. Isn't he clever huh?
Ashley is in Ashley what? Do we know that it's a female?
Let's go to Helen Dale next. Hello. Hello? Okay nobody in Helen Dale as soon as I asked
that last question they got a real nervous in Helen Dale that opens up a
Broward line 764 0707 Kendall hello. Yes. Hi. Hi. I'm first time
does Greybo have BO? Yeah. It's time the hour right now. It what? Yeah that's
how you can be out all right? Okay. Okay. Okay. That was Greybo? Yeah. How you doing Greybo?
This is one of the best calls we've had all night. In fact this could be a new
format for the show we could have one night a week where we only talk to the
animals. Remember that record we could have her Ralph or play the music in the
background? Greybo. What do you think about the budget deficit Greybo? Greybo. Who's
the best call? And what about that Chuck Tanner huh? Yeah that's what I say. Okay well
listen it's been great hearing from you and have a wonderful evening. That was one of
the best calls I've ever taken in this market. There's no question about that. We have
an open line indeed at 624 019 what? Okay let's go to Miami Beach. Hello? Yes. Okay.
That was a good call. That was great. Talking about your vacation near. Uh huh.
Have you a back budget vacation? Yes. Okay. May I make a suggestion? Sure. The next time you
have some time off you must try an island and the rest in this court chinata.
