For a special guest right here in the studio with me none other than guest not a guest We don't have guests. Oh, you said you're You're yourself in on the as- And place for boogers wait to hear this you will fall off the chair checkers Oh, they burger burgers Checkers is hey, what place for what? Don't come into my town and ridicule the taste of my audience and my friends and neighbors What did they? They do the survey in lutes or what? More than how were the taste buds of the people at besides having no taste with a lion all who's voices They's watching you and this are playing lutes. I'm telling you The place for burgers is checkers You have to be on the town and knock my friends and they have a hard to prove that you're on welfare before they let you eat a checkers That's how they didn't do the survey and lutes because somebody lost the crayon Crissel is like burn steak house compared to checkers and this goes on raving above I've focused the eyes and the shakes. How how do you compare that with steak and shake? Why don't you just accept it those of us? He then who live in Miami would kiss the ground to have steak and shake and this cocka-memi thing here The readers of the tribune say that checkers is the best play This has got to with the benefit of those of you listening at home What has happened this morning is the tapotrabe and I know not everybody gets the tapotrabe Thank God has published their you know best of the annual thing They do the best burger place the best of this the best of us well one of the things that was you know the best of was Unfortunately the best top show host and guests didn't win It's just in here. Tell me his seat fit wait listen the best restaurant for a last date McDonald's I Love it. Well, you see they they think this is just incredible this whole thing has to be a put on I think they put in the sun Publishes this what rank what publishes the tapotrabe. I have no idea. I think it's the tapotrabe and company No, but it's like from somewhere else There's what do you have no idea all it might be a night greater publication come to think oh Well, I know it's far the front. Hey, where's the goddamn front page of this thing? It's fine. I'll be responsible for this swell. See here. I think the same people who publish players publish the tapotrabe in myself To where's the master kid published delixits Sunday? No, no by the tribune company Media general who knows that media general much a redneck's probably from lutes I don't know who all they owned the level of this paper blows man I want to go on record right now saying the tapotrabe and tribune could be one of the most Real democratic newspapers have ever read in my life. I mean all the years I have looked up to you all the years who've been my radio guys Well, you don't know what it is. I just don't have little people You can try it crap. I don't expect to be in there, okay? I'll do have a bigger number than you got I didn't get a number yet. That's the point. I know No, I had a point These people don't understand the book and you're sitting there lying through your teeth You know that I was not included in that last friend. Yeah, so anyway these people of the hockey game last night said oh and the nail Oh, that's blah, but they're high-doin blob Am I right Ha ha ha ha ha that's what they said Is it me on your great? Oh, who's that over? Oh, blah, I don't see a lot go go for it's a good morning go for it You're on the air. Tell me what you want? Hello Neo Uh-huh Hey, we don't need Joe Stone crab. We have red lobster here exactly now you're talking some class I see what this is all about now. It's simple. It's plain. It's like No fancy table claws just a plain old crab, right? That's what the tapotrabe is all about plain old crab Hey, you can wrap fish with that temperature of you. Exactly, but only if you get it at uh, what's that at long john silvers? Yeah, what's wrong with that? That's the best who needs burns. We got sizzler. Exactly. Now we're talking heavy duty You know it You know I have an absolutely horrible miserable puke-conduking shameless request. You're not the chronic in the Where's this guy calling from? Oh, go for it. I'm out of chronic. Okay. You're selling that form or honey Lionel the golf board lawyer Well, Lionel graduated from the same law school, which I know attend here. Oh, you're kidding So you're the new golf board lawyer. Yeah. Oh my god. You know I lived in Miami all my life I listened here for 10 years. I'm stuck up here in this marlin hating St. Pearsburg area Where if you're under the age of death you can just forget it. I'll tell you one thing We had a good young crowd at the hockey game last year. He's over in golf. What that is? Oh, golf for it. Yeah, it's death I got the day off today. Yes, honey. Can I come by and say hi? Come by wear come by here. Come by the station No win no way. What do you look like? I look like Jagger. Yeah, right Mick probably Mick on a but what do you mean come by and say hi? They're gonna let you in here I can't drive all out of 40 miles away from peaches. I can't come out there Sunday. I got a study sir sir Let let let let me explain some of the facts of life to Neil and I of course are getting you Manga's gobs of money for appearing tomorrow at peaches so we will pretend to like our public But we just don't let anybody come up here and you'll glide hand with why not? How much money can you bring in the bread food? I bring anything Neil. I just want to come by fast. Can you get here you'll bring anything You can come by where's that violin? You'll go at cart tell it's in my sack. I brought all my crap Don't worry about it. Did you bring the carts to yeah, I brought a lot of crap and my carts to a few of them So can I come by later just tell them that we gave you an executive of a permission or something like that? They'll they'll give you a little guided tour. You're serious. Yeah, I can come by you can come by Curt will let you sit in his lap really yeah He's the only person's lap. I can sit in well God yeah, or blah blah let you sit in his lap. That'll cover a lot of territory. All right nine o'clock What do you mean nine o'clock how are you gonna get it? Is there somebody gonna let him in at nine o'clock? Yeah the doors are okay. No sweat I think they're gonna be able to get in I couldn't but you'll be able to get in okay. Neil you're God see yeah No, it's a little bit behind the time one line available. It's in Penalua's the telephone number five seven six WSQ and I want this audience to wake up for last sugar man you people should be kissing his fat ass that he came back here To give you his tremendous deep ballsy voice and his assistant Torian opinions or whatever it Hell it is and I just can't believe it seriously. They ought to be just like this kid They ought to be knocking the door down just kissing you all over your back Discuss you are implying that they don't like me that I don't have any audience And just a couple of weeks ago say that just a couple of weeks ago We out there with sandwich boards promoting and telling the whole world that you are You're gonna just couple and Ron and Rana Robb Oh, you said I mean these people love that fat man like just it that's gonna be just amazing I've got it all on tape man. I ever think you ever said does your whole show consist of little snippets of me saying crap on a year is that is that a show? Uh-huh, okay But but but but but yeah By the way, they are so money can I recut them more who no we like that come on Understand that's part of the charm of the no it's not part of the car real Bob card that it goes It's muffle we like that 15 minutes after the hour of the walk Time for the hour of eight o'clock 56 Tampa 55 degrees. I just the I just a foot over your car's there, you know It's it's it's you know, I just talk to you have the pot open you damn right. I don't have a pot I'm glob you say wait to say you just open it up which number one one one Can you handle I don't know which one of this all I feel when all free for God sake go ahead. Oh Oh, okay just a little quick. You just see if these are hooked up. Yeah, well they're hooked up. Okay We're hooked up there you might have to play with a volume a little bit because that's a little low Oh Here's to be this one year Okay, oh, there you go. It's not that one when you cut the crap already We've got this I did this what do you mean who are so easy? All right? You want to go for the T-shirt or not? Yeah, okay, so can you identify this collar I get all the things I want Rose Okay, give the idea the T-shirt. Okay, I got a nice very good that was Rose. Yeah, very good Well, I don't know the name of any of the other female callers, so that would be it. Oh God okay 21 minutes ago. Was it built from Newport Richie? Sound of it. I get all the sick. Yeah, that was Bill. No, no, it's Vell Vita. Let's go to Tampa either Tommy Let's go to Tampa. I tap here only Well, same to you Tampa. You asshole. Let's try safety harbour. Maybe they're not assholes there. I safety you're on the air That's right buddy. We're not at that right now and safety harbour is one of my favorite places Indeed and I say this man. Yeah, yeah, man. Hey Neil you don't hold a candle about Oh I know Day hold a candle the candle to this okay, but we send this guy to shirt couple. Yeah Great deal sentiment candle. I think he knows where to put it yeah Yeah But I even told him that's true I was better than him the three and a half years. I was gone I had higher than him. You said it was how to stay in it. Yeah, right it doesn't Yeah, we're down there Miami with a Marlin And with our baseball team and with balled Wayne has then guy We had a bunch of Jews and Cubans down there and Fags get out of your ass Oh, yeah, it's guy off The moment of the bunch of queer right exactly. Okay stick that candle back where belongs Hey, let me tell you can this is got called the great call I'm not here with this I come down here for this. Oh, I love this guy Is great call all this abusive idiotic You know I'm saying this is a call no wonder last hitter is blown it out as knows here my audience loves calls like that God god almighty one line of ill who's a pinnola's name let's go to oh Whoa, whoa, we like call from Sun city I was blown you're on the air WSUN I'm as tarotters you have no intention of even coming near Sun city to do No, I hear it on sir, cause quite frankly I can't find my teeth Well, I would certainly hope so you're ready for us as a bin we have I I My god we've got enough trouble with that They've been notified by God did you say? Uh, I thought it was busy with a guy at Texas The lieutenant damn air. What do you ask you something sir? I went down this dancer can you answer your question for me? I certainly can okay when was the last time you had a really meaningful ball movements sir? Uh, three days ago. All right well listen go work on another one Get this guy out of here Get him out Great call I hear it's a girl It could drive it's fake. I don't go for fake sir. You're uh, you're not for real What are you in the valley? Chrome your in airzots human being man what you live on the cruey you're in crone archit Crone yeah, that's a disease man I think that's what you got That's what they ought to put you in that damn detention sir. Right exactly I'm going in there right now. Okay with you. We can like put our teeth in the same glass asshole All right these are the kind of calls I've been waiting for now Let's just zip right through all right All right, every retard every metal reject every reject from the human race here They come out of the woodwork from other their rock. Yeah. What do you what do you want plant? Neil you're Yeah, now we're talking are relentless Let's follow on out of a window you better not stand or window when I'm near you use a son of a bitch Oh And you think you're not funny go to Key West where you belong. Okay. We're not Yeah, oh another great call guide. I love it. Can I ask you a question? Yeah sure How many phone lines are they tying up at FLA to make these calls? I don't know if these are great call They are good. Oh man. I'm about to hey, she was going to do lines in the spot she was called the other guy before that first a punk that was in that was Percent. Boy just because he said he had that a bomb movement and three. Oh, no, not him. I'm not good Right you're any more either. Come on move along. Let's take a lot of calls here I can't write a way about here. This is morning drive. You know how many interruptions I hope Belvita's at home listing. We hope you feel better time but a great when I say too many Early time Oh my god, he might have a boy's changed the line. We'll talk him with Chris Donald Born a creator born a kid. Oh, there's uncle Neil Down there, you know, fetching him his bag again looking for more cards my show But he's gonna run his own cards. Cock a loan. Oh great. That's a very popular one up here Let's go to You're 100 WSUN What's up Oh, let's get with a program Come on. Welcome to the last UNIOD Whoops wrong card. Hey. Yeah, I'm gonna be boring for those other people you're relentless sir. You're absolutely relentless I was just a completely turn on the radio. I was gonna give Neil call the day because I read the temperature being as kind of bored of What does it what does it happen to you that damn Survey what did the temperature be insane? He's talking about me. Oh, you already have this crap So how do you like checkers sir? Those are the best damn boogers that money can buy man. Oh, yeah, the very best and the best shakes. I get the shakes just thinking about it People at the tab and tribune and those who are even have taste in your ass man you people are Exactly What is that story? Times instead now just don't get a newspaper. It's depressing. Oh I could you say today they got a lot of nice colorful pictures and maps and pretty colors. Yeah, I like I love that weather man Huh Pizza Hut yeah, pretty good best flavor of ice cream vanilla now we're talking excitement man No wonder people people Tampa Bay have spoken You know I don't have the last action suit by the people loving this community Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah now you Understand by people all over the damn rest of the world think that this is the most boring place in America because they we'd the goddamn Tampa Tribune now I understand I understand my players magazine didn't want to touch you with a ten foot You condo bread Wonder bread now we're talking let's take another call. Let's go to Jill and new port richie Don't you dislike to say feel this? That was your buddy. That wasn't Jill was bill Oh, aka hey, man. You got to screw those call better earlier morning. She wears her little skirt so bill is Jill in the morning He probably on his way to church to see the priest. Yeah, right right right. You'll see the bishop Or maybe he's on his way to see the cartonels Yeah, okay, I come up on 20 minutes after the hour of eight o'clock I have been invaded in my studio with his own car. See the Avenue of my car. So they're gonna play me a mine This is exciting watch Wait a minute, you think down there to pick up the scarards how would this be right? I don't have a bonus, but that is not me that that's that's Larry King. I know the difference between my voice Larry King's voice Yeah, yeah, oh, I do oh, yeah How's that oh, it's great great You know, maybe we can do you know going quite seriously Yes, and probably the last time we'll play that but I thought I'd say before you unless you want to take it back to my amy with you What's that that's a lunch piece, I love it George would pay a lot of money to have that Betty would how much you want a little back to form an hour is wage 75 cents and don't pay very much down so anyway during the news break It's sure when having like a sexual experience while she's doing that whether or what what is it what kind of a weather is that sure in the body God, it's kind of me 75. I'm telling you I guarantee that she's here Just you're just all panatic shape because she's got a deeper more manly voice than you do true So anyway During the break The way at the land here, he said Tom Velvita can be a little bit tough to deal with because he's so erotic That is Mary no Rob this or what rest of the story God almighty Tom Velvita is erotic That incredible Oh, God That's incredible cut the crap already gets the battle of the carts here this morning I know I'll keep I'm you know just keep in mind that I control the volume on yours and I have not turned them down Yeah, I'm going to take a nap out in front two for an hour I have get that yeah, let's go right to those phones immediately plant city hi there plant you're on the air WSUN Hey Bob great land. Thank you great job, blob God is baby Bob God Yes, go all right. I still the market for a deep yeah A problem we a lot more so than I was earlier today. Oh, well Grand Cherokee or as well. Well, I don't know You know that I was really serious and you know granted I'm stumbling here this morning on three hours asleep and I was just throwing out anything that came to mind I am serious a lot green our general manager at Wild drives a Cherokee Jeep company vehicle That's what a classy outfit we got Little rado that's what one of the CJ series though, isn't it? No, it's a Cherokee oh Cherokee orado It's got the sick cylinder Tonight he nine have no problems with it Oh yeah Why didn't buy it here? I don't know you spoiled me on my turn here, but Hey look you know we're gonna call Corvette later. I'm sorry, call her please go ahead You know these Mike my guest is being very rude. Okay. Oh my wife uses it to drive over Corvette Oh really oh now it's starting to sound like you know can I get one here before 10 o'clock? Sure, I don't want to send over to me I'll have them off. He just to run a check down Okay, I need if you're listening go right down to the Jeep dealer and the pay for it. Okay, thanks then I appreciate Oh, you don't like when I say I appreciate do you Now we've heard his only dog at a me I'm reading the paper here. I'm waiting for you to get this personal call over with here. Come on Let's get the camera I want to talk about you Morning show here is like Ron and Ron and they're not even on the air anymore Let's go to sample hi-tabby Ron here oh yeah, hey man One of these they're always my favorite we always get these I thought this was the recon sensor What's that bag doing on there now? Great pal. Good to have you in Texas. Is this somebody we know No, somebody we want to know this in the whole time great never has the nerve to call it all right It's about time don't you think it's about damn time this town got off their ass and started giving Bob the kind of support that he deserves He's okay, yeah But anyway You hang it out for a couple days or what yeah hanging out That's a cool Better personal call gonna go with one of the great restaurants that we have here in the temperature You like the olive garden. We ever eaten at the olive garden sir Yeah, all right. Yeah, all right. That was a better a lot And don't a tell us and bellows and the good fellas. Yeah. Oh, you know with good place go for lunch The relis the relis there's another one and funny how they all rhyme and that funny because they like to keep things simple Simple things for simple people That's what we do it here. Oh listen you all have a great day now. Hey, can I call somebody to you? Bashar god Stanley is a douche bag Okay, see you okay take care there fun see you five seven six WSUN in Pinella's Hillsboro two two one WSUN although that's the only place there is a line open in Hillsboro Which could write down as are the one just in case you might want to live it later on Okay, let's go to let's go to really in new port richie either will he in new port richie Honey boy, I can't imagine you're gonna get this. Oh, I can't imagine What do you think every every other call from dies? Jelly willy Let's take a contest. Who could that be? Let's see the first 75 guesses don't count, okay? They all rhyme with Billy, but it's Willie and silly vanilla and millie Well, who do you know about it here? Give it to my face. That was your pal My pal who Billy from uh silly vanilla. Well, what's the very witty? Let's see Sorry, but why no t-shirt for you What the hell man? A 45 way that yeah, that's coming up here the lawyer of the future and Reynolds replacement Right, this lawyer Dennis Lurry no cure for cancer CD and great expense WSUN official the great expense the WSUN Show it expense the work. I've got to give it to him because nobody will take it off your hands That shows you what a parochial Autonuses What's the great CD? There's a lot of them going to many Catholics here Let's go to clear water. I clear you're on the air. Yeah, you guys. Hey clear Listen, you guys come out. You like checkers, right? What guys like checkers? No The number per chess people who read the Tampa Tribune said that checkers has got the best bookers in town You'll like stiddly winks. Oh, hello, so on the kind of brother you're bringing back those the kind of brothers you're bringing up Right You're listening they all even bring that rich at what he did no Boy, Bobby gets him pretty big shoes to fill. Yes. I do Yeah, I call some red juice crack. Yeah, Luke from ball you're one heck of a big do you Okay, have a great day, pal. Don't ever do this again and by the way can I make a suggestion to have Yeah, you have great calls. You have a really great callers here. I think it's really pretty I show this is your show. These are your callers. This is my callers my callers don't call call up Let me try to have some iconic bits that called me for how you're disgusting You've got it been dead and you're gonna listen you're about the window I hope you go to Key West and the get AIDS and you're wonderful and stick it in your nose She didn't say she should get AIDS. She was thinking about it. Okay? Excuse me exactly 84 the time Oh, it's a color a card That's how I call it The pop Bottom and Neil Gamora show you got that's that's Bob Gamora Neil Sodom sir Well, I'll show after you sunk on all time alone. I'll bring this deviate from date up here Yeah, deviate from man. I have an 11 Broward sir. Okay, so I'll start doing my birthday You're getting a date Antisethio where you live. Noxious bigoted asshole But if you get out your address you know exactly where you live I am not begging it you're in it, but you are not an obnoxious asshole you admit to that part of it No, I do not. Yes, you did you did I just said that you and I'm not just bigoted asshole You said I'm not bigoted so two out of three I bet okay even Pete Rose don't bet 60 I'll play the most the disgusting vulgar vile can I ask you a question to sir? How about some prun juic? You think that might clean out your system you idiot? God You ever get out of the house you just sit there with a phone up your ass you moron. Come on. Let's get with it Something to say or is that it doesn't fit just on a was that he's depended on It was the other day when he sits in the bathroom We're sky off okay, let's get on to somebody who can who's alive. Oh, he's already hung up like spot he hung up You cause he's a moron you're driving away my call finally got to the truth to the bottom of the matter Do the better maybe nature's calling finally five seven six You want to do one WSU and in Hillsboro all other areas toll free 1 800 3 5 6 WS Look I get your bone away my calls man. I got a pump the numbers here I mean we have a nice friendly little chat my morning We're not brand they will hear how bad they are we every line will be lit okay, I'm walking out How do you like that go at the door hit you on the way out okay? 9 15 last summer on news talk radio. You stay right where you are We're also good in my hands in those cards last summer on news talk radio 620 WSU and All right, what the hell like yeah the lights take more calls not gonna take more calls Mr Rogers or Should I play some stick or your job radio when it's smooth let's let's take a lot Okay, let's go to clear water hello clear you're on the earth WSU and Oh, thanks. Thanks clear Neil about time someone ripped Fred the apple Hold now it is yeah, but don't you like the fact that we squeezed a little bit of honesty because he said that he was not Bigoted but he isn't obnoxious asshole. I appreciate that. I like it yeah cause Bob would say I appreciate that Bob let's go and talk and talk and talk and talk and Leave a little bit wait Bob show Bob Bob don't want to talk He's like your old time don't you understand if Bob had the kind of hot phones that we got here since I said down every day Between 6 and 10 he wouldn't have to put assholes on here. Hi, I want to know that you have you were just crying Did not just say that here we go Will we came back is it not? Yes, you guys haven't had the big for a call that you've been there right that's right since I came in and And we got the self-deft out there frantically calling in we're trying to deceive OP Trying to scare him Anyhow about this yeah, wouldn't be something of all those people that we had at the McSurber water more last time if there was only a put up Yeah, yeah, I think shipped him on the planet talk about peaches tomorrow let him talk Yeah, I love him to two right okay, power what the point of showing up early you guys are just giving out pictures All those good I have like a show and wait a minute wait, but there is gonna be food Well, do we know about this so that we can tell the audience or is this another exit in the Apprentices and recorded spots give it a I don't we talk about it. Well, I don't know what you think about it. We're we're supplying food for the troops that are coming by And who's bringing it? Okay, I can carry But McCash and carry that's only no it's a super market. Yes, well, they also have a catering on a deli and take really Oh, great I think it's a little market is cash and carol My favorite too. Oh, we shot there all the time. Yeah, I'm very wouldn't go any place else. Yeah, you got the dress the crowd Is it gonna be like a show pepper are we gonna dress the crowd? No, we're gonna undress the crowd Well, I'm dressing for them there definitely early. All right. Okay, is it gonna be like Indivisual more than or we're gonna work on each individual that's right All the depending on what they look like Okay, that's what I knew when I are going to you know personally great I'm the women and I'll undress the guy Oh, yeah something for everybody. It isn't why I know but we do have a song and dance routine that we do have it We used to do when we both worked in coffee old Neil and Bob that's right You know that going on there too. I think Okay, see yeah nine 21 the time what do you mean all you's one of your fans? That's good guys Just desperate desperately desperate couldn't you hear the shot of his voice? Let's go to Tampa, I'd say up here on the air. Tell you us you are I know hello Remember that this Bob get any real calls or these all make believe You're all your calls man Today we're not the worst of my audience you're so negative. Do you still have your look at charms? Yes, you know the Bob Lighting it is morning I'm lighting it. Wow If he's morning, that should be up to light up the whole goddamn town. What do you mean moonlighting? I double US you and ma'am. I am I double US you are he is WSU and he's the son and a moon I saw you working you don't know the light the Get off my thought you jerk out of my life. That was the best call I've ever heard that was great I know what this I got to put you up a little bit Oh That would be here all this is a special one just for you and don't go to list it on me. Okay Don't go for this. It's gonna be a cart or a real call. Well, you'll just have to try to figure it out You know it is already let's go to Jill from a new board Rickity. Hi there a Jill from the board Rickity. Hello This is a Bob yeah That's right Come in the pictures come on walking hole. Yes. We're gonna be wearing a very clap and t-shirts and when we pull Yeah What was that 65 of them are I'll go to jump out the window And I'm gonna kiss you right then you're gonna kiss this asshole get rid of him. Why do you put your hand Get him off get him off wait to get him off. You don't think I said here. I can't read of them. It's the big round Hmm Always getting in heaven Oh! Oh! Okay, okay. Get a kill about out of here. What do you put him on? Why do you insist on putting that asshole on the air? I have an honeymoon for a week! And there he is! You've already played him on Cart 75 times. I don't want him on the line. What do you want for you? I don't want to fit. Hello? Man, oh man! I wonder there are people jumping out of buildings in this town. I put him on for your benefit. Thanks. I do a little special something for your trip up here. Okay. Holy cow! So now you'll have something to talk about to your Miami Guardians. Great time. Nane, you're in. Yeah, it is. Last and a time, we'll talk about it. It's 20WSUN. Go on. I have. You know, I'm going to- Where is Drew Hayes used to say? Let's go back to those busy telephone. Drew Hayes. There's a name. If ever the GM kind of family missed anybody that they should have taken care of, there was the guy. How much do you think would take? What a punk. I've got $5. WLAs. The world's largest sore. Anyway. I don't know how to go. Sorry to bring back bad memories. Boy, you certainly did. Let's go to Tampa. Hi there, Tampa. Hey, how you doing? Hey, pretty good man. You're soft. Not too bad. All right. A long time listener. First time college. All the great. How are you? Yes, sir. And, uh, Bob, I just went- I've been kind of playing car for a long time, but I decided to call. Um, six years ago you changed my life and I just wanted to thank you. What, what am I doing six years ago? Well, mainly you just got me to start thinking for myself instead of listening to the rhetoric. Well, I certainly will. We've changed that in the room in the meanwhile. I just wanted to call and tell you. I really appreciate it. I'm looking forward to meeting you all tomorrow. Oh, that's features. Yeah, I'm going to come out there. All right. Even the two, if you get there early man, you know, you scoff-up on some of the- And besides the food will probably last day, I'll have a lot longer now because I doubt very much. The Pax and Fested Valdi will be there tomorrow. Yeah, I just- I just think don't- don't think you realize from time to time how much you can. You can affect people, bars by just talking comments and I didn't help me keep it up in the future. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Have a great day, pal. You too, pal. See you tomorrow. One more time. Don't like slough on it. How come my level is so low now? You got my mic turned off. No, I don't have your mic. Turn off. Turn off. I love my mic. See you're not fooling me. He's trying to like upstage me now. I'm not trying to watch stage. You've got a different mic than I do. Your mic, my mic is highly directional. Yours is not. And when I raise my voice, I can hear feedback in your mic. Feed this. Yeah, you feel it. Slough over that. That was like a very- It was like the microphone. No, not the microphone. It was pointed. It was meaningful. It goes to show it. That sometimes people who are inhibited, people who are living in a little, like this narrow little cloistered world brought up in this kind of an endothal mentality. When they actually hear there's an option like somebody could think for themselves. It's like a mirror. I still, I'm screaming over here in that God damn needle isn't even moving on it. What are you looking at the wrong one? This is the one. I don't want to go anywhere. It's not like that. Look. See what I'm talking about is what? What a different way. Great that thing up. Let's somebody hear this God damn station. Well, you know, one of you don't have any numbers on this station. The work. When you walk in a radio station, and you see the view, the needle is barely moving. What? Come on. Come on. Right is. Lay that thing on the right. Good man. Lay that baby over there to start the damn thing. So they'll be listening in Jacksonville. Why do we want people listening in Jacksonville? You're right. Exactly. I'll turn it back down again. My turn all the way off is Trump. Let's go to say Peter'sburg. Either St. Petersburg, you're on the air at the BDSU and with the doctor. What's going on? Like, doesn't last a minute. No. I think Fred that. Fred that pops the famous religious caller formerly Jacob from Fumma with her. I think he's after your bot. What do you mean formerly Jacob? What does that mean? He was one of Bob's old coars and that's the way his name is. Jake. And now he's Fred. Well, if you'd like to know the truth, I'd like to know the truth. Well, I'd like to know the truth. Well, I'd like to know the truth. But, uh, so sure man, I hope they're in any poor richy. I hope they have big enough shirts to fit over their Colossumy bags tomorrow. They're clapping shirts. So Bill and Fred and Jacob are doing like a little three week. Right now as we see just they are clapping. Stop! Stop! Oh man! I can't wait to see the Colossumy shirt show. Oh, funny quote. Hey, hey, now. Yeah. Closing your great botlap that has got man. Have a great look. You ever heard of some kind of radio? Sure. To talk show. You know, people phone in while he's on the air and make a beef. Call what about? Why I think Joe, whatever. I'm just a buggy in that's what you talk about. Sometimes he agrees with the caller. By the time he says some straight. So when I said you never listen to him, he goes to the other talk shows around. But for my money he's the best. Why does he get results? Well, no. He doesn't do anything except talk. Well, and I guess it just gives you a chance to unload. You know how it is. You gotta beef. You tell it to somebody and you feel better. Bob, God. This time we go to Newport Ridge. What's your problem? Talk about a self-stroking exercise. Get serious. What do you mean self-stroking exercise? Where we call that exercise. Now did you say Newport Ridge? We're going to Newport Ridge. Do we have to, how many questions do we get? I think you'll be delightfully surprised. Newport Ridge, you're on the air at WSC Run. What's happening, Big Bob? You see? You're a different voice in Newport Ridge. That's right. Make an progress man. There are hundreds. On any Sunday, 100. He's bright. He's a liar. Violent? Are you sure? I took you in the college. I've got something coming. Oh, it's on. Former WFL employees. Both former W-W-W ended you work there. Pretty much as a last week. As a last week. Just a start-man. So I worked there, board-up a couple of times. I don't want to talk too much. So that's one finished business there. We know one of your most loyal listeners. Yeah. Well, when we were on finished business. We here would want to offend him. No. I don't know. But I know he's listening. He spends more time listening to your show than he is concentrating on his show. Well, he likes good radio. That's why he listens over here. He just has not reproduced this. He would know good radio if one slid up his hands. So he was listening. So he was listening to the station. Now he's gone. He's gone. Monitoring so he can write letters to arbitron. So they said, dire we again. They said it. That is true. He's out of his freaking mind. Well, hold a hold on there. No, one way your business is getting up there. I mean, you know, when we get in the closet. You're going to get in the closet. I'm sorry. I wish just I'm probably David Paul's illegitimate brother. Has the last check cleared? Oh, yes. Okay. So you don't have any unfinished business. Matt, spill your guts. What's going on over there? Well, I have nothing. Nothing. There will be nothing shed about you on the radio. Well, I know that way. We know that. How about off the radio in the halls? Oh, off the radio. There's, but everyone listens to you. And we'll let it. Everyone. Oh, man. It's great. I have. We've had people trying and call the show and then, you know, get Perch words on. Oh, you're kidding. Well, Lionel called one day. There. Yes, he did. On serious, too. But then Lionel's just a chronic caller. And, probably ever was a caller. It's always still his. Oh, I tell you, he's done it. Yeah, well, you know, Lionel and I, God, man. I feel so bad. Lionel and I have a light in common, you know. I always wanted to be a lawyer. He always wanted to be a top show host. And neither of us ever got our dream. Well, I just wanted to comment, say, Did you guys win my work in Fiche? I'm damn, man. Big Bob. Hey, well, you know. Come on over. Yeah, I know. But thanks a lot. I'll catch you guys tomorrow. Oh, hi. Congratulations for getting out. Hey, be sure to tell us who you are. Huh? Be sure to tell me how you are. Oh, yeah. You know, I don't care what the situation is. Because there'll be a lot of other radio people there, too. So be sure and tell us. All right. Okay. Thank you. I'm seriously, when we did the thing at the Clearwater Mall. Yeah. Like days afterward, I was told through the rape line that the every person who works in radio and some who are on the outside looking in would at that thing check it out. They did. Wasn't an incredible gathering. Have an employed Tampa Bay radio people as well as some employed as well. But I do get spy reports. If you're pardoning expression, I don't use the word spy reports on my show. I got to get some errors talking in front of you. He's my radio god. I do get spy reports that. What are you making faces? Come on. Come on. Let's go. Your pacing. You're talking about my show. But they talk about my show up in Dama Halls at WFL. I probably haven't been meeting every day. Did it sit down and analyze it? Oh, no, no, no, no. I mean, they liked the show. Yeah. We're talking about the employees out of court. Well, I was told me at the game last night, which he was paying no attention to. He was telling me that at the news paper's here. And at the TV stations and then news departments, everybody who works in TV news here, listen to this station. Yeah. That's true. But how come they won't talk about it? How come the goddamn Tampa Tribune is given a song to dance about Ron and Ron who aren't even on the air anymore? And Mason Dixon with his crone poem, figure up his butt. Here you come up hearing himself. He has a selfie audience. Exactly. He's talking to her. You know, not our audience. He already said, so this, the audience had reads in the Tampa Tribune that he said checkers. And up Chuck said, the Olive Garden. Well, last night, on Newstalk, ready to 620, W.S.U.N. Let's go to a new York. And then they were right. Well, no, it's very believable. New York, hi, you're on the air at W.S.U.N. Well, the no talk goes like new. Who told you yet what's red or feel? I literally met on your coat and started the coat. They couldn't even cop or feel. I love it. Was that belt being called in from the house? I don't think so. It's voices in that deep. Oh, about saying Peter's word got their signature on the air. W.S.U.N. I'm a bad dog. How are you doing? Oh, it's a pretty good thing yourself. Pretty good. Hello, Neo. No guiding light for today. No, over to many basketballs. This is what your favorite callers, chronic chronic rose junior. Yeah, hi. Yeah. Glad you're new God. Glad you had a safe trip up. I thought you were flying. Wow, look at this. Good. Come on. We got food. See all I got to do is come in here. I attracted like a magnet rose. Oh, there's plenty of stuff up and down to four straight. Yeah. So did you have a nice two got up there safely. You must have found down 120 miles now. No. No. Now we did not. As a matter of fact, I've made it in four hours. And it would have been less than that. Except when you're coming up 75 and you get around four miles. Yeah. God, are there those people old and slow and those picking man old men? Yeah. They're like a convoy. They're like in all three lanes and they're like all going about 45, 48 miles an hour. And everybody's just tearing it out trying to get around him. It's impossible and impossible. I wanted to tell you that my sister was down from Boston, my steps to the stir. And she listened to the whole show from beginning to end. I mean, from the last to the right through to Randy Lovejal. Right. And she's a total hockey baven. And she ought to be because she's the daughter of the late Walter Brown. So she wants to know if it's the call to say a little to you. Well, say a little to her. Okay. Hello her. Our name's Marge. Time March. Okay. Take anything. Have a great day. You're all around here. Bye. Bye. Oh, great. Now we can enter inventory of the food here. Do we have anything to drink? Like sodas like diet sodas. How come last night? So how come last night at the game when Todd said, do you anybody want to soda? And you said, I'll have a coke. And then he said, like diet or regularly said regular musmite. Dietbettic friend. Are you eating sugar? What do you mean? I'm eating sugar. Just what I asked. I occasionally asked. I can't. But dietbettic was eating sugar now. I've been admitted to you that I had amin amizet to hotel in the many barlash. Now you'd be upset. I mean, I can't all of a sudden you're so concerned about my health. I'm not. I didn't think so. What is that? What is in that? I don't know. Here. Can we take a pubic at that? Well, now is this the stuff from the deli? Oh, that's your omelet, blob. Look at the size of that thing. That is. That's your omelet. Why you don't have to eat all of this. Shortes is deli and restraud. Judy and Michael shorts at 1706 of the Elmabri in Tampa. Coacher and concher. And catering and joy. And for glam and for fun. And you almost all other on baking. There's stuff that's phenomenal. It's great. Do they advertise on WSUN? Like, well, why not? Well, let's go. I have got to wake up this place. Man, I might have to take a month off and stay over here. And wake these people up and get this into a real radio station. A month off and go. Go that. You're on down there at the end of the hall with their goddamn Neil Diamond records. Who do you want to hear that crap? I'm not going to hear this into a real radio station. Now that Ville Vita is home and invalid. A month off and stay here? Yeah. Oh, my God. What's wrong with that? Well, that's what I want to enjoy being here. I'm going to enjoy being here. Same Peter's. Same Peter's burger on the air. Good morning. Good morning, Saint. No, I'd like to start off. By thanking you, Robert, for introducing me to a Mr. Robert English All. Oh, yeah. You're so okay, sure. In the minute, the Messiah. Who's at some kind of communist Robert English All? You're going to who he is? Yes. Yes. Who would have known when you were good? Really? Never one thought Robert. We have a foreker who we need to start over. Here's here's this stuff. I don't know where he was going. Go ahead, go on. Oh, that is a Neil Roberts. What is a Neil Roberts? Yeah. I don't know. But you know, let me go. Right after Tim and Paul kept you going. Yeah. Here's static on my radio. Yeah. And then a two-a-pick up. Good. Good. I'm busy in check out the school. Okay, these guys, okay, with me. Just say anything you want. I'm checking the food out. Okay. And look at that beautiful bread. If you ever said so, those mixed-rion Pumper Nicolette is incredible. Okay. I'm going to end my call. Yes, they're still here. Oh, my God. Oh, God. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Okay, come down. Get a great call. Oh, God. But I'll do that later when I get home. Let's go to Sepner. I'll set up your on the RWS-U-N. Neil, how? Oh, Neil. Just an robbing, talking to you. Oh, bed. I don't even vibrate in two. Yeah? I might even be. You're right. Don't wear your batteries out. Oh, Neil. You're so tired. Damn. Could you people talk longer? You know, we're trying to eat. Exactly. Try to get to damn food organized. And we got a bunch of short ones on the phone. Okay. Oh, I can't put a long one to run on. If they don't come any shorter than that one. I look. All right. So that we can eat just the... Wait, what up? It's got like all kinds of good vegetables and stuff, isn't it? Right now, and my arm was getting cold. So, you know, we've even had a few more. We've got to put one on the wall. We've even had a little bit of time on the phone. Well, we've got to... Let's go to a celebrity line. You're a whole rose. Clown my darling. Just keep talking, honey. Is this the rose? Just... Yeah, hello. And you talked to this bitch? Hey, asshole. Yeah. Yeah, real asshole. I'm no chronic, Neil. So, then what do you call me an asshole for? Because kind of a breeding is that. You think calling me a chronic ass? You disgusting filthy bitch. What kind of a breeding is that? I come over here in the first word out of your ugly, up-pustilled mouth is asshole. But you've been calling me a counter. You was slud. You've been calling me a chronic. And that's... I don't even know who you are. I hear your show, Neil, because I like your show. So, why can't you listen? Why do you have to call? Good. You tell everybody. I'm a chronic. And that's not true. I just stand out because I'm good. Yeah, you stand out, huh? Yeah, I'm a good caller, Neil. Stand out on this side. And that bitch that called a wild girl that chronic. Everybody do is a bitch. And asshole, why don't you clean up your act. Gargolotch, your thing with horror from you. Yes, right. Clean up your colostomy back, honey. I'm not a lot of room. You have a lot of room to talk to you, bitch. Whoa. Anyway, listen. Hey, how's it going? Yes, Rose. You're... I get a lot better than Neil. Yeah, you know what? I find very amusing Rose. My chronic suck around bitch. What I find most amusing is that you're about the third one. Well, you're the best or Neil's the best. Why can't you get a listen to the radio? And it always trying to pit this one against the other one, okay? If you like Bob, listen to Bob. If you like me, listen and don't ever call. And that you're as for the whole audience. While you're reading the way it goes, is your number one. And we're concerned that number two and Neil's like number three. And Randy is a bitch. Just to listen and cut the crap, okay? Well, for this, you get up in the middle of the night. It's true, honey. Ninety-fourty-eighths a time. Let's see your lastner on Newstalk Radio. Ah, six-twent double USUN. Great foot. Okay, all. Let's ram it a couple more. Quick calls so I can get out of here and go home and go. I'm going to leave you by the way. Okay, great question. Mark and Josh, what's your address? I'm afraid to love to see you. What's uh, what do we have? Oh my god. Guess who just walked in. Guess who just walked in. I'll be so happy. Um, I, you can't see him from there. Jacksonville, hi there, Jackson. You're on the air. Matt the Huck. Hey, I'm doing, man. Look who's here. What the hell is going on? Get a pan, sir. Jacksonville, listen and four. Neil? What? If you don't want Jacksonville, listen to this. Pretty lovely Jacksonville, sir. Yep, huh? That was mom that said he don't want Jacksonville. Oh, you got it all wrong. God, that's what I heard. You only difference between Jacksonville, Tampa and Miami and the number of assholes for square it. Exactly. What about up? The number of square inches. God, I went down and came up here from Clearwater. And had a dog named Bubba. Why did you move from Clearwater to Jacksonville? Yeah, I got a promotion. Actually, I live in a small place. How could you possibly get a promotion? I mean, I know the Clearwater is a, you know, prize winner, man. But how could you possibly get a promotion? I would take you from Clearwater to Jacksonville. Well, actually, it's a smaller town than Jacksonville. About side of Jacksonville. And a town of about a thousand people. No way to make it. Are you the guy that called before? No. Huh? No, I'm not, you talk to this gentleman that came in here that brought us all this crap. Are you the guy that called, said you were coming in? Yeah. We gave him the, uh, good to see you, by the way. Oh, you're the see you, but I'll give this guy. No, not you. This guy that came in here brought us, say, uh, right. I want to grab a catalog and a bunch of stuff in a bunch of M&M. So we just gave him a pornographic album. Right. Hey, wait, Bob. Yeah. When you were on Florida, I can't believe you're back. I can't believe him back either. So, you're doing a great job with this show. He is doing a great job. He is doing a great job. You want to know something? The monster in a business, sir. I don't like sports talk. But you do a good job. I do a damn good job. You make it. How about those leaves, huh? How about them, leave? They did it. They kicked some ass. Well, I'm a, I'm a penguins fan. Well, that one nice night too, by the way. Okay. Now I didn't care about it. In fact, well, keep up with this work. Okay. Here you're, thank you. Have a great day. Mr. Chairman, I'm just a way from the side of that. It's a way from the side of that. It's a way from the side of that. Would you take care of the calls and stuff with a damn food here. It's a radio show. Not a goddamn restaurant, last. It's a land. Oh, lakes. Either land. You're on the air. W.S.U.N. All land. Let's go. Go on. Huh. Well, then. Didn't want to talk to them anyway. Most people are going to lakes for bizarre. Let's go to Tampa. Hi there. It's happy you're on the air. W.S.U.S.U.N. Hey, Bob. I talked to Neil the other day. Yeah. Have you played just your field quings for me? And I did. Yes, sir. And I was just inviting you. We're going tonight in the Marnight. No, I'm Drew. That's too bad. We can't go there tonight. Well, we'll be there tonight. I just hope I had picked up the check for all of us. Okay. I don't work. There'll be about 20, 30 of us. All right. And we're going for my vice president's birthday. I've got to say happy birthday to him. Happy birthday, Pete. And I did not bring that card. But that's. We got to do birthdays on Wednesday. No. Why not? Because it says you're not a nice guy. That's why. Anyway, next time you get a little bit of free time Neil and you're up. And Bob, I'll take you to. Oh, correct. Okay. No problem. It's a deal. Thanks. It was going to Don and Tell us. You. You're a lovely wife. Right. Allegedly curtains. Susie. But I'm sure they'll come up with some other excuse on that. I thought we're going to basketball fair. That was last night. What's the excuse tonight, Kurt? I always got a hand. Nobody in there. That's all it. And Bob's running on its own. Bob Neil. That's it. That's it. That's it. That as far as I know. Okay. Isn't it? And of course, we don't. Oh, see how low. Be trying to revolve your only air WSU in. Good morning, Mr. Lasseter. Good morning, they're upon. I'm going to page just tomorrow. And of course, I know what you look like. After seeing you get beat up by that lady. We're asked for sure. I know how to say you, but I have no idea what Mr. Rogers looks like. Mr. Rogers is hiding your shoes and grass. You'll be wearing it. Mr. Rogers is known to give about the lady you're wrist. I'll be wearing it. The slip is a matter of fact. It'll be lovely. What color dressed and shy he'll shoot in the bag? Maybe we'll give you the slip. How's that? I'll be there. Okay. Great. Bring your white hood to with you. Let's go to a bomb armor. Hi there, Bob. You're on the RWSU end. Good morning. Good morning, Bob. Are you still living in this 6 to 10 spot, huh? You know, you've made it to this side yet. Man, I love this. I really enjoy like the hours. Come on in, bird. Oh, man. Well, you used to be the rating for very important to you. Oh, it's still hard. But you would own this. You're on market. If you were on after some of us was brain woke up in the morning. Well, you're saving off from this cold gun. Oh, the market. You see, this is the most prestigious time. If I can make this big fly, I'm going to earn so much. Oh, God damn much money from this company. It's beyond belief. Head foam. Yeah. Seven to eleven. What a pretty well. Seven to eleven to be okay with me. We just had the kind of walk this company along. And yes. Hey, guys. No worries. Just the radio show going on here. Don't worry. We just have to kind of walk this company along into the 20th century. You know? All right. We are going to succeed. We are going to succeed. How do you like that? Right. Why did these assholes were going to do it? You got it. I guess you probably will. You know, we're still listening even though you know. Six to ten. What? God. Well, now wait a second. I was on an afternoon drive. People rearrange their lives. Listen, and after to drive, right? I don't know. Yeah. You probably do too, right? Yeah. We're going to get you up at six in the morning. Don't you worry. What? Go. Well, I'm not going to. It's going to be better for bird watching. And stuff like that if you're up at six. You got it. You got it. You got kids running around. We've got wives. Well, send it back to their parents and cut the crap. Okay. Oh. Can you read it? And now you're going to put Richie tomorrow? No. No. No. We're going to peaches. We're going to peaches. We're going to put our food. We're going to put our food. We're going to put our food. That's where a lot of people hang out. But those are mostly. We have to. People. Well, listen. It's been a treat. Yeah, really. And stay up. Okay. Okay. Well, just about the end of the day here for some of us. Well, that was a relief. I thought I was bad when the food came in. But you're like, it's just total disinterest. Like, oh, we got to hit the board over here. Like, he isn't no interest in the show and the calls are anything else. It's going out. He's standing there shoveling it down his fat piece. Why don't get four or five meals brought in every day to me. Like you do. I have a big and plead and Ben fetch for food in here. And so far, I've really got. Let's see. I have a Wednesdays once a month from the pickle makers who come in and critique my show. And I've got two days and Thursdays from Michael who's a fan of these in the now at a great Delhi at 1706 Southdale, Mabri. Well, not you all. God, I've got a message here for you. Is that it? This. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. People see things. We haven't had one report this morning. Not one miserable little report this morning on Kurt's gig at Blubber Hill. I mean, I get all the promotion yesterday all the begging, the pleading and nothing. Marvin and Wendy went out there and know that. So that's two more than they would have had. That's probably like a half a dozen. TJ, how about you? Did you go there after the SLA thing? How do you come on? Let's go. People. Oh, I get into my hotel room last night. I turn on the TV. It happens to be on 44 a T.O.G. And what's on the news? What? The FLA thing. That's news. That's a news story. And there's Lionel talking about, wow, we like to press the flush without a stairs and get their end planning. Well, he does. You like seeing how his past lot of his business card proved. It comes to find out the only people that showed up there with the ones who have ever seen Bruce Williams really. Yeah. And it wasn't even on Tuesday. Probably down. But almost 576 WSU and a lastator on AM620 WSU and the trick of the, I was a deep car. Was that Rose? By the way, was that specifically for that bitch? What did you just play? I, uh, why don't you just get rid of her? That would be a sign of the group at the hall. Get out of here. I've been here for what? This is the fourth day. We're starting a patch. You know what? They should've got the thing for you. You know, calls and the thing on tape. She's like a co-host. I'll let you see. I'll let you see. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I just can't work on this. I'm not as in one for a couple of months. Here. I think she just has the thing for you, Matt. Let's go to Tampa. I can't be your own the air. WSUN. Hello, Mr. After Mr. Roger. Hey, Mr. Sarah. Welcome to Tampa. Thank you so much. I thought that was the end of the call. No, I wouldn't hang up on you, guys. I just want to say I just, I just turned in. You guys a couple of weeks ago and it's much more, much refreshing from that. That's right, sir. That's right, sir. I'm going to put that fill in late. Yeah, like I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm really going to pay 10 bucks to see those guys. Yeah, or even $9.70. It's more to go see them. Yeah. You know, I'm often, I would have paid 10 bucks to see. I would have gone except I was afraid they'd throw me out. Well, I think just, I don't know, they just too much stick. You know, like old-born, don't stuff like that. That's right. We don't do stick, you're, Matt. You know, Mr. After I want to thank you for the tape and the little letter. Oh, you're quite welcome. Hey, bye, took a do-mouth box personally. My softened fill out the, uh, the, uh, and we'll open everything. Yeah, appreciate it. So you're welcome. And, uh, Neil, um, you know, I, I, to tell you the truth, I do catch your show more than then Bob's just because I get up later. But it's nice that both of you guys on the air, because you sound like you have a good before together. The best. Oh, yeah. You know, people say, well, Jan, they said a little bit of shit. You're creeping you. That's nonsense. You've got a good time, sir. I want you guys to do it. You know, I mean, you guys complimenting each other, you know, you're going to pick up on the other dots. Exactly. That's right. Whatever he doesn't pick up, I do. Let's go to St. Petersburg, St. on the air, W.S. Okay. Yeah. Hi, Bob. Hey, uh, hi, you don't say, okay, Neil, how are you this one? Okay, sir. Listen, if I don't normally call it a flame. Yeah. What? The fire. But yesterday, yeah. I was invited by Tom Delphita, uh, the dollhouse for lunch and the meat-randy roads, right? You know, and he, I hear you guys rip on him a lot, and I've always felt that maybe those little bit on just... Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. I'm fully after today. Sir, it's only because we're afraid of our jobs, but, uh, you know, we, uh, we're as kind to him as we are. Well, is that absolute time-rit? Well, I simplify it with you because of yesterday's experience. But one second, if your period is, uh, Hey, Tom, there's a guy on the phone that says he is all the dollhouse yesterday. Do you know what he said about you? I was a geek. That's right. Well, here's what happened. Yeah. How did he make it brief? He invited me to their... ...stomach table while I'm having lunch. Yeah. Bring it to the pot over. I'll take her to this pot. Oh, Todd was there, too? That pot was there. God, I think you must have come back to the town for that, yeah. Then he proceed. He's still wanting to hire lunch on my lap. Are you serious? I'm serious. I'm serious. As a geek. Todd, Todd goes to get the boat a rag or something to wipe it up. Yeah. And Tom, well, to that pot is gone. He says, you have to forgive him. As a geothermal manager, he has to please forgive my general manager for doing that. He's very clumsy. And I saw what happened. It wasn't Todd. It was Trump. It was the boat. Unbelievable. The plane was Todd. Was it a zipper up or down? What? Was it zipper up or down at the time? Because I understand he had a zipper problem yesterday. And he said, well, they will be by you. We'll be by you. Yeah. You got a little bit of time. By you a lap dance? Yeah. I got food all over my lap. You know? And I said, well, wasn't a lap dance. It was a lap meal. How's that? Please, see, if you had all that food all over your lap as it was then. It was a lap meal. It was a lap meal. I was an all that bad. Unbelievable. Unbelievable indeed. Joining us in the studio today, of course, is the bird. Meal Rogers is here. And we're just about finished with this turkey. Let's go to, um... We're not sure where. Hi there. We're not sure. How about you? No, you're not. This time it is a West Kong beach. No, wasn't Rose. God, you're not Rose on a brain, man. Everybody is something you like Rose. Jesus. Oh, line one wherever the hell that may be. West Palm Beach. Yeah, right. Hi, Bob. Hi. This is Martha. This is Bob. Uh, but is this time to clear water on a cell phone? I clear you're on the RWS-1. Hey, Bob. Deal. Goaler. Hi, Joe, guys. Oh, great, man. What do you think, Michael Jordan broke the silence? Oh, he did. Did, uh, come out and say anything nothing but a thing. Oh, isn't that something? Just a hobby. God, I hate that, man. Hi, I'm serious. I started to dislike human Chicago, but he has such an angelic smile. I mean, he just looks like such a nice guy. And I know he isn't. And I don't mind being a son of a bitch. I'm a son of a bitch. Most of my friends are son of a bitch. It's all high meal. And, uh, it's just that when you pretend that you're not what you are, it's just, it drives me crazy. And I like Scotty Peppin, anyway. Hey, man. We're a great at basketball player. Scotty Peppin? Uh, Michael Jordan. That's Scotty Peppin. No, Scotty Peppin's world's best looking guy. Oh, speaking of that, you've got to watch Eastpan. Uh, they're, uh, six, thirty to seven o'clock. A robeick show in the morning. Eastpan Eastpan. I'm so zed. It's something for everybody. They got three broads for those of us who are in the middle of the broad. He's a good guy. I love the male robeick stance. What's up? I'm telling you, and decks. There's one black tooth deal. Yeah. There's one black tooth on the goat's meat. He's been thinking about it. And they get a decent span. Why is he? He's trying to help your friends out, Colin. You see what you get lower on the first day. You know, he's getting old. It's seen going away. You like Michael Jordan. Yes, he is. One car. One car. I can't believe you. I can't believe you. Sure he can call somebody a douchebag. I started that back in 1967. Somebody stole it from you though. What do you want to call a douchebag sir? Uh-huh. He's gone. He's gone. Oh, that's right. That's the, that's the new thing. Right? Yeah. Oh, that's an old thing. So don't think just picked up over here. Uh, okay. Uh, let's go back to West. West Palm Beach. Other West you're on the air. Hi, Bob. Oh, it's you again, Martha. Yeah, hi. You hung up on the air. It wasn't my idea. Listen to that. Well, we should need it. I, I, um, I'm in West Palm Beach here. You know, Rogers made me do it, Martha. Well, how long have they been in the fight for the, he said he would blew it? He said he would never ever get me another job if I put you on the air. You know, Bob, I'd be on the air. You should look better by just a little bit. He, he's strong. You're talking to your job. He's yours. Two tight this morning, Rogers. I thought you were a little boxy. Oh, boy. It's just more shit. You must be on East Bend. Oh. Yes, so yes, Martha. Bob, what's your adventure with, Jonas? Five, seven, six. What you, you, you, you, you, you, you. Is the telephone number, uh, where would that be? And then I'll listen to him. Maybe you want to, you want to, you want to, you want to, you can relate to that. Wow. You, you see, you come in here. You insult my great colors. Here I am. Your clothes, Robert's on the station. Or your rose on tape. We have rose on the phone. We have rose on the phone. You know, I'm not transferred all these, all of these great listeners and callers to your show. That's the only reason you really took a big gun on. I'm not sure in the book. Quite frankly, I'm throwing the towel or put it on. But I can't, I don't, I can't relate to that. Whatever that means. Miami or Richie or, is it Richie? Is it? Miami. I mean, George, but out. We're having a good time with this. And you're, uh, sticking here. Well, just do what you're paid for, okay? In other words, just sit there and stir straight ahead. Because it is a, you don't even get paid enough to sit there and stir straight ahead. Oh, thank you. Huh? Newport Richie? What is that? Is it Miami or, oh, he doesn't know. Well, who typed it on there? Is there a, like, a mouse in your pocket or what? Careful. Huh? He's reaching in there to check it out. Yeah. Okay, that's right Miami. Hello? Are you in Miami or, or Richie or? I don't know. Okay. Great. We got a right, Kurt. That's a boy. They got a fool working behind there. Behind where? Whoever's working the phone. Is that Marvin? Is it, though? He said you're right. It's Marvin. God, this is a meet audience. Oh, it's not. Meet audience. Yeah. I want the whole rest of the state to know that this morning I came on with blob. I dragged my ass out of about a 630 in the morning. I come in here at 715 and couldn't get in here. It'll 730. 730 to one. The first three calls are like, you're back there. You're the big kid. I was great. It was beautiful. It was blob zone person audience. And they were all calls were coming from Bob's house. Still was great. Go ahead, sir. Don't be intimidated by this crap. Favorite, favorite. What do we got here? Neil, what were we for the later build back up again? Neil, what's going to you, and what is this? What is this? What is this from? Is this from like a poster that we put up on the board? Or it's a little blow up from a press release from Tom Velvita. By the way, it's feel better, Tom. We sure hope you're feeling better and back with it in two, three months. That's what everybody said. Now, do they? They said, man, it sure is around here. We're all brought in here. Well, it's maybe a year. OK. Neil, what's going to you, and what's going to you, and a Friday morning host, blocking a pool of the bayon Cohesity for a webinar at a moment in front of a PBRA in mayor tree. That's not a great day. The first year, it's probably 10 E plants around the Boris. OK. I actually know how to use that green emphasis on the boat. It didn't touch. Anyway,Aw. What do you think about twanging the boat? Do you want to talk a bit about what it is that you call itself boys. Yes. Yeah. Before we see that you interest me, The Governor of the Stars. Wiset. Is that you? Oh, I do know. This is a big deal. The show is developing, and it'simb he appears to us. Looking for a point is. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we got our crats together. They're not sweaters. We have one of these refutumers. Cover up for our late night. Did you ride Cousin? Dad, it can't. Or good food or what? Oh, it's a great food. Don't cover up for him. What are they doing in there? They're playing grab-ass to get in there. Crits play grab-ass with everybody in the room. Let's do the show in there. It says, come early for free refurcments provided by Cache and Kary. How early and how much? We don't know. No, we don't. Oh, we didn't know. But he won't tell anybody. I don't care. It says you went. It's not mine. I don't know. He did. Baby Bob Neill will be there, addition about. And certainly if anybody can do it. Huh. You don't know Bob Neill. No. Oh, man. So come and see Bob Neill. Come and see Bob Neill and Bob Neill tomorrow. And just Neill and Bob. He is here. He's here. He's here. He's going to be here tonight. And he's going to come in and say to Gwiddil. Hi. How are you doing? With a spinger like right up around here. But of course in Bob Neill's case, he don't have to worry about. Because his fingers always like right up around there by the left nostril. And it's a natural. He's from Atlanta. Funny that thought where you had your finger. He's a Neil Borts guy up there in Atlanta. He's the David Pong guy. He doesn't want to see me. Turn the label. What? Well Mike Disney poisoned his mind. I'm sure toward me. He didn't want to see me. But he, uh, I don't think he didn't. Disney are like exactly like this. Oh, well, they Disney was shipped in pack back to WCKG in Chicago. Which is desperately dying radio station. Good place for him. Yeah. He'll fit right in there. Yeah. Wonder how Mike celebrated cent Patrick's day. And he's got to figure out how red his nose is by now. It's 11.35 on the IoT network. You can wake up with Bob last year every week. They're morning from 6 to 10 on news talk radio 620 WSUN. Hey, what was the lady talking about it? I don't know. I can change. She doesn't want to be mixed up with the squirrels of the stuff. Yeah. I understand you left out of that. I have talked to you in three to half years. Oh, another one. Another one. Yeah, yeah. I've heard you on the radio. Okay. So, I'm happy. You know, you're waiting for miserable weeks to call me. I know. I found out about a two and I was driving down the road. That's not me. I'm coming back and I tell you. I got a woody. You got a woody. No. Oh, good. How do I do that? By the way, what's the one that was the long time ago? He's a they are Mercury or a, a Dissoto woody. I never left him. Okay. What is the seward anyway? We came mornings from 6 to 10. It's Bob last year on news talk radio 620 WSUN. It's the Neil Roger show. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463. Oh, Neil. My queen. Okay, 140. All right. Cut the crab at, uh, that I say 140? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Why is when you're having a good time, doesn't it? Yeah. We're working so hard. It's 1140, 20 till noon. We're at our palatial WSUN studios on the shores of the thing here, man. Now you saw, you know, before I hit it in a rock because it is my show. Much. You know, I have a, do they call like a Bayview? All right. Is that the Bay Tampa Bay? That's Tampa Bay. Right in behind the hotel. And this morning, I get up and I open up the windows. And here's the beaches out there. All I will say, pretty sorry filthy fucking beach. Don't go on them. What do you mean, even in a summertime? Even in a summertime, unless you have the overboots and gloves on. Why not? A lot of people like to walk up and down those shores of Tampa Bay with those large green trash bags and collected fish. Oh, seriously. What is the problem back there? Because I thought this is exciting. I'm on the water here. And then I looked at it and looked like mong. Well, that's, because that's what it is. Oh, it is mong. Mong. So if there's anybody in the audience who doesn't know what mong is, just take a drive up to the thing. Don't drink it though. Just drive up. Don't go near it. Okay, let's do, uh, you were about to say something. I interrupted very rudely for which I don't apologize. No, you mentioned Rick and SUDDs, you know. And I was going to say, you saw SUDDs Wednesday, same Patrick's day, but he was allegedly in the bag. Perfectly coherent. He was. I leave that thought, though. Of course, in his case, how do you tell? Exactly. But he looked okay. Yeah. That's a larger blood sugar. 100. What's the test it now? See, you're trying to compare the smoking thing with these M&Ms and during the break. Because you've settled the errands. I'm going to go out there and smoke. Go out there and smoke. Go shout out. When did I say that last week? I don't think you're earlier. I will never smoke another cigar as long as I live. You know why? No, listen to me. Uh, I smoke it. Maybe it was because George gave me those nasty ones. They spliced the end off of the other day and it like got in my tongue and all over my. Those things irritate the cramp out of your mind. I think they're worse than you know. You know, see how all the little people around here are counting on you. Every time I step out my haul, let me want to make smoke and a share of the body comes up. Okay. Peter comes up to smoke and it affects what the person says. Yeah. Well, what did you do? Just get a new pack? Yeah. Well, it changed smoke them now. No, not much. You're not going to say anything to me. That's true. Yeah. They go to help. Pull this show out of the station. In fact, then you can say douchebag. You're a little people are counting on you. Where's the asterion? Well, we don't have an asterion here. Because there's those smoking and the building. What kind of a person is that? Just try to damn good reason. Use my bottle. Okay. Good. God. No time. He's smoking. God. Sugar. Here's a. Now, what is it? What did he do? I got to get the tentative slot after. Oh, Miami is next to sunrise. I'm very confused because Kurt is like doing his best to screw up the show. It's a little bit of a joke. What? The lighter. It's not the lighter back. Nobody cares. What lighter? Do I have your lighter? Oh, there it is. Oh. Isn't he about ready to go home? Don't you need an asterion? Yes, I do. Where are we going now? Are we going to sunrise? My bag. I need an asterion. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good morning to you. How about the morning? Hi, birdie. Hi. How are you? Turn the label. This isn't the island queen. This is the original one. Wow. The island queen. There you go. Yeah. Oh, man. It is. It's island. Hi, birdie. Are you okay? Yeah. It's when I stop to you. How astonishing to hear from the island queen. High Bob. Either. Why are she sitting on birdslaffin? She don't let just to piss me off for what? I don't know. Look at this. They're grabbing each other. You're not fooling anybody. Okay. These are raids. We've seen them a million times. It's not fooling anybody. Go ahead, queen. I'll be so nice to see you again. Yeah. How does he look? He looks fine. Yeah. It's definitely headphones on. He looks like Mr. Spock on a bed day without the ears. With a beard job. Yeah. Better day. Yeah. It's like the good old day. It's like a little reunion here, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's a douchebag. Good name. A dog. High. High lyrically. Probably the best board I've ever worked with. Sorry, George. I know, I feel like I'm working with a guy. Because Neil keeps trying my amycloth. You didn't hear that. You're just a little kiss. Wasn't that sweet. I'm the late bowl. Yeah. Well, I could go Jeff. It's waiting. Okay. Well, make sure you get it. The do a good job. I'll go with it. Okay. See you later. My.. Whatever happened to a guy, I totally forgot him. He wasn't ready to go. He's still there. They were very him. I am Z probably doing morning. He probably did the one with his brother. He's still there. That's what it took his brother and three might into the gutter and he ever crap about that. I wonder what ever happened to Keith. Now there's a guy who probably wouldn't be too good on a job interview. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't give a real good impression. On the phone, he might be a little better. Probably probably couldn't. He gave good thought. If it's a night, if it's a night. Yeah. Like three in the morning with those crayons, he was very good. He was a piece of work. I'll say that. He was different. Yeah. He was sure different. We commented, do the morning show on Zaytta like 435 a clock at a morning. And he was like in the middle of just in wrapping up again, ready to go home. Yeah. From a late night session with this crayola's and his charts, he didn't come to work till five in the afternoon. That's a later. Yeah. Or later. And that's why he walked out because they started demanding that he come in for meetings like in real times when normal people come in and he said, this grew bad. They said, Keith, we're having the meeting to the side or meetings. Is anybody upset that I'm smoking in here? Evan. Are you serious? Haven't heard anything? I'm not inhaling this by the way. I want to go out. The okay, as long as I make a lot of smoke and make a big to do about this. Now, are they going to like rip my ass for a week after I leave now? And they are. Peter said yes. They'll say, what did this? Oh, it's a win ski. On the left. He's got all your slots. Oh, it's like in a voodoo doll and stick all kind of thing. Can I have a smoking in here? I don't see that. It's having a great impact. I don't see any schmutz on a ceiling. It's a lot more trouble. But all the way is a little too warm still. No, shmutz on the ceiling. Oh, no. Oh, it's so comfortable in here last time. In other words, they don't. Did you see that? I have never seen such a limprist in my life. What if I saw that man? No wonder he wouldn't come to the hockey game. Yeah, that's it. Stand up and toss it down, baby. Who the hell are you kidding, Kurt? What's going on? He was playing a little, he was tossing it. Oh, here's the hotline. Hello. Hello. Nail? Yes. How are the faith last night? Is this Melvita? Yeah. Oh, he's smoking. Volvita, he's smoking. Nail can do anything. He won't. Yes, he's there. How do you like that last night? You fed so. So anyway, we had a great seat. And we had a great time. And we found some SUV and listeners all around us. And it was great. Good. Hi, Tom. Are they, hey, bird? How are you feeling, Tom? Huh? Oh, I'm feeling pretty good. Let me see it again. How are you feeling, Tom? The fever's down. And I'm feeling pretty good. But I'm all packed up. You are? Yeah. Well, I noticed that the one that used to be on Kurt's face is missing now. So is there a coincidence? Maybe you picked it up from him. If Kurt were in the boat that I gave him. He's wearing one. Yeah, he's wearing a pink one. He's said, yeah. He was supposed to be wearing a boat today. Yeah. That's all he's got on. He's just got a pink phone on his head and he's like wrapped up like a little holiday package. Leave him alone. Yeah. I was just going to see what the boy was doing. With this guy, you're going to give him a complex and get him neurotic. Oh, no. Susie stole the boat. She's got it on her head. Isn't that so anything you give to Kurt? He's going to give the Susie. You know what I mean? Well, that she's going to give him a box. Yeah, right. He said he's going to give it to her. But I think he's been saying that a long time. She's even she's laughing at that. She said that'll be the day. Well, what time did you turn the radio on this morning, Tom? So what? What time did you turn the radio on? It's been on all day. Oh. And how's it been? What? Jimmy or on it. You know, I got to be honest with you. We've been doing very well up until this call. But you're like, so I understand you're out of the weather. I don't like blow the whole thing out of the water. I was planning on running a place and come up here for a couple of months at a time. That'd be great. It would be great. Come on up. Because I enjoyed a lot better. Although they would get up. So am I smoking in this room? Are they treating us? They're treating us great. And the shorts is deli on Dale Maybrie. I came up with some great stuff. We don't need any more food. We had a feeding frenzy. We had omelets and potatoes and bagels and the beef. The alis and cookies. And then we had one of our listeners come up and actually got the Dennis Liri CD off our hands and all kinds of stuff. And bucked two extra packs of cigarettes so I can change smoke and we're having a hell of a time and we're having a little grab ass. And Bob is actually staying in the face. What if she do not be well and we're leaving? What do I know? Is she on the floor? Neal's distracted. Oh my god. Yeah, whatever's going on in there. I missed an out time. You're saying, God, this is radio. Yeah. If you could only see it. I usually do that. That's what she was saying. If I could only see it. But anyway, what? And Bob's actually staying there past 10 o'clock. He's going to stick around as long as I want because he appreciates it so much that I came in early this morning. And I would have been on a lot earlier except that I was walking around in the halls trying to get my ass in his station. Tom. Peter, let you in, didn't he? Yeah. Okay, no one knew what time you were coming. I'm not touching any of your lines. Okay. Hey, Tom, can Neal stay at your place next time? He was supposed to stay this time. I'll just move in like to the front seat in your car there on the floor and that bottom right hand in the passenger side there. Well, the saw dust is it makes for a nice little bed to lay in. Neal, have you ever had the chicken park? When I was a kid like most people. But you did have them. How long is this going to last? Did they tell you? They mean that call? No. Yeah. Exactly. That's what I had in mind. Okay. When I heard your voice, probably a week and days. Yeah. 14 days. Which is how much longer? Well, I don't know when I actually started coming down with it. Probably Sunday Saturday Sunday. Yeah. So probably I might be back to a dark and Bob door next week. Because Keith Connor told me that you look like crap on wheels, man. He said that you looked like a pathetic. He said it was embarrassed for you. But I don't think so. What's the hell about that? But you would have enjoyed the hockey game last night, Tom? Yeah. A lot of fights, a lot of action, a leaf swan it. But the lighting were right in there. And pot band made a lot of great say. It was a good game. A lot of enthusiasm. And a security guard waves back. No, actually the security guard. You who was to guard. The security guard number 29 went to us when we came in and I said, Listen, Bob and Neil are only names. Okay, kid. Well, listen, Tom. I don't want to blow you up here, but you're blowing me around. Have a great day, Tom, and feel better. I didn't get to call anybody a douchebag. And we're so sorry that we may well send you to your Tom. And I'll smoke another one just for you. Okay, Tom. Hey, thanks for having me. Peter and Kurt said they miss you desperately. Hey, enjoy your stay. And if you believe that, okay, Tom. Well, Peter for his big band club from state to from coach. You don't need to pay to such a picture, such as sad tragic pathetic picture of Tom and his his pox that everybody here at the station actually thought sorry for him for about ten minutes. I'm into that call. Now I feel sorry for us. Yeah. It's 1151. Now it's a possible. On the IOD network. News talk radio 620 WSUN. This Saturday March 20th from 11 AM till 2 PM. It's Neil Rogers and Bob Lasseter at Peech's company. We're free refreshments provided by Cash and Gary. Some fee, Bob Lasseter and Neil Rogers at University Collection Peaches. Lasseter and Neil Rogers at Peech's company. Be a little dribble. And Saturday we got our remote our parents and peaches from 11 AM to the PM. And the block together again and Tom Bell Vito will be there. We'll have some ugly pictures and a bunch of stuff. Neil Bob Fowler, peaches, be there. Don't miss it. It's gonna be one month. Come see. And Neil and Bob. Come meet Neil Rogers and Bob Lasseter Saturday March 20th. 11 AM till 2 PM. Peech is at University Collection. Another personal appearance from News Talk Radio 620 WSUN. News Talk Radio 620 WSUN. It's the Neil Rogers show. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free. 1-800-944-9463. It's unbelievable. So anyway, wait a minute. Just look like a blob to you. See, you're the one I told me. Don't make the levels that high. Just look like a blob to you. Yeah. It's 155. We got back up badly here to the end of the hour. We did? We got back up. We didn't get it. Take some x-likes. Here's a Fort Myers, hello. Hello. Hello. Quark Myers. Hello. Quark Myers. Quark Myers. Hello. It's something working. They've been on here for hours. They're gone. How about Port Charlotte? Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Good to you. Yeah, first of all. Welcome to the west. Yes sir. I'd be out there to see you. But nice old pevets, poor dack front. I'm not a cyclone. I have a cat. So I won't be able to copy see you. Those are nice. I'm glad to hear those old parts of the drive down by you man. I was popular. I was popular. I was a gut driver. I was 75 yesterday trying to get around these people. They're in all the lanes. I'll go and slower them. And talk about Canadian plates man. There are more Ontario plates than there are in Ontario. Well, you just get near the callback and you'll be right. What the hell was that all about it? I can see there. Not when they go in down the road. Anyway, listen while pop is in the room. Bluffel plastic. Ooh, right. You were talking about that. I live procedure. Oh yeah. I've had that choice. You have? Yeah. And how did it come out? Pretty good. When I was born, I had a condition called toe. This is where your eyelid just doesn't work. You know, it's day shut. Yeah. And Bluffel plastic. And the winner is called one. Coatosis. Hallotosis. Coatosis. Just plain toe. Just plain toe. What is toe says? Is that when you're toe state shot? Yeah. That's when your eyes face shot. Yeah. Anyone coming sticks their toe in your eyes called toe says? Yeah. Anyway, it's a procedure that fixes your eyelid. Like reattacheted to the muscle. Do you know how to do it? We attach this to your muscle. It reattaches it to the eyelid muscle. Boy, that must create some back strain. Have in your muscle attached to your eyelid. Oh yeah. Even, even, what's his name? With a hair. Ron Jeremy couldn't do that. I don't think. Yeah, make sure real thick we got the dress. Yeah, I would. That would think so. Anyway, that could be our relationship. Can't get his dress on over his. The early certain times the dry was open. So you got halitosis and your eyelids are all straightened out now. Yeah, and I don't think nothing it does is a sleep with that eye open now. So I have like, I'm like, look, I can wink you when I sleep. Well, sir, if you stop having dirty thoughts, you can sleep. Wait a minute. Great. Or Charlotte, you can be like the wink post your child. Yeah, well, you know. Order references the cart can't help it. Yeah, well, listen. You're not missing much. He's okay. He's not looking at you. He's not looking at you. Okay. We've got to tell all of that down because we don't want to intimidate him. So much will create a neurosis. And then of course, he'll have toosis. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Wouldn't want to ask you. Would you rather have neurosis or toosis? Uh, probably neurosis. I could cope with poor Charlotte. Okay. Anyway, what an old crappy place, huh? Uh, yeah, well. You know, Tony Allen. You know, I got to hear WWR. You listening probably on S.U.N. right? Yeah. Because it comes in much better. Well, WWCN is only like within the three mile radius of four mires and use this or whatever that is over there. Yeah. I have guys sterile. I have got to tell you that radio station. I don't think it's like really on the ear. I mean, I could hear it. But like, oh, spots are available on the new Rhyber Show. Call up Tony Allen. They give a phone number. It's I have never heard a radio station quite like that. It's like he's sitting in a room somewhere or running the board and making a waiting for the phone to ring the salsa spots. And I, again, it's like the house of the, what's what we do here? It's like a monopoly games. Like a hobby. You write just like here exactly. They remind me just before your show on Mondays. They stole the spot for an hour. They had these two ladies to own an erotic toy shop. Ooh. They need to keep a call in and discuss what they want to do and then they've got. Yeah. It's a pretty interesting. A lot of toy store. Yeah. It's a whole different sort of thing that you can't talk about. Really? Like what? Oh, you'd be surprised. Well, they sure went to the right. You could just think this one on your toes. People coming in and, uh, it guy has, like, his friends. Hey, look at, he's still scratching his head. Uh-huh. He said, what you do with that? You stick it on your toes, sis. But anyway, Sally would be upset. What would you have been a really alarming caller, I think? It's a good one. I'm looking forward to it. Thank you. Anything. Yeah. Since Bruce Wilson, I shared today as our birthday. Think of your toes, sis. Yeah. Yeah. The first and I shared today as our birthday. So if you could play the, uh, I'd be fair, demy more part. I'd be, uh, okay. You're definitely a, a blob is hiding at the rock comedy CD around, okay? All right. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN, St. Petersburg, Tampa, Clearwater, finally entertaining AM radio, not the same old talk. It's the Neil Audrish show. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free, 1-800-944-9463. That's 1-800-944-9463. The appellation is a lot of fun. 944-9463. The appellation is expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management or advertisers of Newstalk Radio 620, WSUN. Hey, Joe, speak. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I, I, I, I don't believe it. Look in that girl. Neil, God. He's a big name, beauty, who's appeared in movies, and you've seen her in the picture show. Yeah, I saw Ghost Bruce. Whills his her hubby, and she's got a little baby that she brings to the studio, right? She may call, try to tone it out, try the clothes, but the clothes she'd never wear, oh, are the clothes that are painted on the girl, who's naked on the cover of the vanity fair. But he's been waiting for me, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. But he's been waiting for me, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. And I'm a color of the vanity fair. I'm turning a body now, I'm a god-pick. But I'm turning a passion for skin type fashion, because she's gone out all the way. She got a body by her, who's yours. But he's been waiting for me, and she got a piece, and I'm a rose, and a man who pillows her with them, and she's looking so beautiful in there. But she ain't seen nothing like the extra money, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. But he's been waiting for me, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. But he's been waiting for me, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. And I'm a cover of the vanity fair. I'm a cover of the vanity fair. I'm turning a body now, and I'm a cover of the vanity fair. But he's been waiting for me, and I'm a god-pick. And I'm a cover of the vanity fair. And I'm a cover of the vanity fair. And I'm a cover of the vanity fair. And I'm a beautiful smile, and she ain't even pregnant this time. So anyway, it's a 12-0-8 blob, as good ready to go out of here. As soon as he puts up, that's awful, foggy that he's smoking. What are you laughing about? The only reason why I told you about it, is that you've bunched up, is because I smoke one in here, and I like Felvita. So are you going to weigh in there? I'm not smoking, man. I would have tried to do it to me, and trouble. Yes. I just smoke a foggy, you know? He's smoking it in here. He's doing it. He lit it up. It's burning over here. You're a trouble, man. You're a trouble maker. And you're a blow-hard man. I agree. So anyway. I've heard anyone. Anyway, you're going to be getting out of here in a couple of minutes. Go home, take an app. We're going to have a great dinner. Don't tell us tonight. The only thing that bothers me is having red... And we still have had no comment about that. About what? About that thing in the tab, a tribune. Of course not. Why? Well, you mean the court nod. You ought to come back Wednesday, man. How do you want the court to be part of it? Here's a big spread, if I can say that, in the local newspaper. And I got only knows where they surveyed these people, except maybe at the unemployment line. And one of the best of this and the best of that. And the best hamburger they got checkers. And a town that's got steak and shake. The an an crystal for that matter. And what's the best pizza pizza hut, which is really colorful. The an the best. Why does this so at the risk of bringing your show down? Why does this surprise you? I called you. The Italian restaurant, the Olive Garden, which is industrial strength. No, no, no, no. Best. I call you about a month before I get this gig. Right? Did I not? And I said, you know, tell me about working mornings. And you said, well, you know, I don't really know. It's all we did. We played records and then we suppose that we took some call. This is not mornings anymore. This is the middle of the day. And they're still not talking about it. Well, you have a distilled morning mentality. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's not. It's not. What about them? What about what they're doing? Yes, they do. But I'm not here. They're going to be over and over again. Maybe nobody reads the goddamn temperature. Maybe everybody reads the same feet times and you were saying it today. Because they like the history of it. Everybody cares. Maybe nobody's like following along with the pictures and you were saying today. Maybe nobody finds it unusual. Maybe their favorite restaurant is the oligarchen. And you're insulting the hell out of them. People love the oligarchen. Oh, yeah, some people do. I love it. I can't believe it. This is sick of your neurotic one. You have to be joking, aren't you? People I talk with that brown curdled up lettuce. I don't like it at all. You know, I've been there. How would you say earlier? You're talking up to Neil Mann. You're talking up to Neil Mann. Yeah. You're talking up to Neil Mann. Yeah, geez. Everybody. I think you're going to get your job back. You're going to tell him to prove you'll like the oligarchen. No, he doesn't. Especially with the salad. No, he doesn't. He said too many good free meals to have that better. I just don't get it. I just don't understand it. And checkers. Checkers I've never been to. You can't work with me if they were free. I don't know. I can shake it. If I want to hand over. We've had a checkery career. But I mean, checkers. Checkers is like rallies. You know what rallies is? Vickly. Yeah. Same kind of thing. It's where people who only have like loose change. And nothing over a dime. Okay. No, seriously. They drive through there. They reach big down deep. They scour through the car. And they feel the change. And they like toss it at the drive through. And that's it. That's what that is. Okay. So I guess checkers and the oligarchen aren't going to be advertising any time soon on WS-1 or W-I-O-D or W-W-C. Of course, in four miars, you don't make any difference. We're going to be advertising on W-W-C-N. I don't get it. How does he pay the electric bill over there? Well, I don't even know how to make four miars. I have the knowledge, aren't you? They don't. Thought it up skill mark. What do they have in four miars? Besides a lot of old decaying dry up people. They have the erotic. What is it, women? What is it? What was that? Oh. Oh. George said they got... That's what he said. They have the erotic toy store. In four miars? It's not what the guy said. And then we're all in the night. But now, it was that old lady got confused. It was a candle shot they opened on. Erotic toy store. Are you out of your inventory? No, no. That was the guy who had his tosis. Yeah. Yeah. And he was talking about this erotic toy store. And they didn't know it was. I hallucinated. It's Sally open up a business in four miars. What's going on? What a sense of humor. I wonder how that energizer bunny is doing with her. You know, she does use this kind of battery. Did you know that? You know why? Is it keep going? It's her writing notes. No, that's right. You were personal. He's writing a personal note. Oh, God. I'm just shocked. I'm just shocked. And he's like drawing a picture too. You know, that disgusting, correct god almighty. And talk about an exaggeration. So how are we doing on the phone guys? I don't plan on taking any calls the rest of the day. No, we'll take one or two. Now you're sticking around, right? If you insist. I insist. And you're leaving. God, I insist. Oh, okay. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. He didn't get something wrong. I don't want you to be grumpy. You're out loud. You're out loud. Yeah. Here isn't a hint. Deal. Special me. Shut up my mic. I get it. Now listen, how do I? Well, I don't want to curte to feel bad or feel anything. But just before during the news, I was reading out. Did you type it on the screen? Also? Yeah. Then what? You just came in here to be close to me again. So you could write this. I don't understand. If I come back here often. He might even shake my hand. I doubt it. You want to try it? You don't do that. You don't think he'll do it. Come on, Kurt. Just one time. Doubtful. You don't think he'll do it. No. Come on. Let's see if he'll do it. I wouldn't do it. What do you shake my hand? Yeah. You see this? This is an interesting exercise. I think this is a... Hey, look at her. Hey, you got a bucket. He's got a bucket. Just a joke. Get out of here, Kurt. It says if you thought the pizza from floor is had a lot of onions before you went and see nothing yet from Marvin and George burping and farting. And it says on the bottom of the thing which I read which is your Kurt type. If you thought you couldn't get it on there, how about the message? Put it up on the... It wouldn't fit a shop on there? Yeah. Everything he says is another line. If you notice that, the guy is just... He wouldn't check my hand. It's okay, blah, we'll see you later. Have a great day and get some rest and we'll see you tonight. 1214 on the IOD network. Catch the Rick and Sudshow today and every week day from 2 to 6 on news talk radio 620. How about you, S.U.N.? I really think that guy had a good idea. We're coming to a time here where nobody wants to give up anything. But we have to take care of the debt and I don't want to get off on this, but you know, you're seeing like, like that, well, like, kid who gave up a thousand dollars out of his business. Yeah. Okay, it's said it to Clinton to help relieve the national debt and then... Well, that's what it is, yeah. And then Clinton in turn said him back the paperclip that it bought for the B1 bomber. Now, that thousand dollars. Then news date hundred dollars to call the kid and thank him for their first one. Yeah, everybody's the whole family. So now we're in debt from that thousand dollars. So thanks kid. Yeah, you went a little punk and just goes to show you what happens when you give kids money. They just go, all right. Who's up? Yeah, you're put with it. They had a fault for it. Okay, cheap the government and hoard. Finally, entertaining A.M. radio. Not the same old talk. News talk radio 620. W.S.U.N.? The floor land flea market. Tampa Bay's newest and largest indoor market has something for everyone. Floor land has over 800 booths. Plus a farmer's market. Three food courts. Bingo. Free entertainment. An N.G. Center. And it's all under one roof. If you haven't been one of the thousands coming to floor land each weekend, don't miss out any longer. At floor land, you'll find acres of free pay, parking and free admission. Shop in air conditioned comfort. Have a snack or a meal at one of the three restaurants. Enjoy the free entertainment and take care of all your family shopping needs at the floor land flea market. Open Saturday and Sunday, 9 to 5. Just take I.275 to push Boulevard exit 33 and look for the big yellow sign. Don't miss the Bay areas newest and largest indoor flea market. Floor land. If you're planning a trip to the mountains, make sure you listen to the exclusive Hormale ski watch right here on Newstalk Radio 620 WSUM. Brought to you three times daily by Dinti Moore Beeps 2. It's a real meat and potato meal. You'll hear up to the minute ski conditions. It resorts from all around the country. What the base is, how much powder you can expect and some very valuable ski tips too. It's the Hormale ski watch three times a day. Only a Newstalk Radio 620 WSUM. Newstalk Radio 620 WSUM. It's the Neil Lodger Show. You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463. Big Joe Spick. Neil God. What you're sleeping for? Well, I'm a spaster. While your window is open, All run down the hall. While your window is open, I'm out to the truth. When I feel secure, Because your temp will watch while you're... Windows open. Did you just say something, George? I'll do a heartless relentless baster. Yeah. Okay, 12-18 and we're having a good time now that blob is gone. Now the choking begin right now, the fun can begin. Oh look at that. Keith and Susie Schroetzger, it's around there doing it. Get our correct back in the chair, man. This guy is so... I want to tell you something. That was one of the most frightening exercises I have ever seen in my life. Oh look at that. Oh my god. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You see that? How his little finger crossed, little pinky girl. No, it did. Look at that. When somebody shakes hands with you and they do this, What does that mean? What's already here is in a face. Yes. Kurt, it's just a radio show. Susie, will you talk to him? Please. I want to hear it. He just did. No, it's just seriously. Shake my hand. He went like that. What does that mean, Susie? He did. He did. And then he was in here and he drew a picture. He looked like the state of Florida, I thought. God, it's just a show. If I knew that he was so uptight about this, I'd picked on somebody else. Although I can't find anybody in the building to pick on. No, there is no, you're right. Well, I wouldn't say personality is the word. But anyway, great. Go get busy and do something. Well, you're getting nervous. Anyway, that was incredible. I mean, how many people have you shaken hands with your life who went like that? And I can't do it on the radio. But it's like with the little finger like, you know, never. That's like a message. It is. Isn't it? I don't know. Wouldn't you think so? Well, it's like a silent message. Well, it's like if you went in the elevator and somebody ghost you, it would be like a silent message. Wouldn't it? What the hell? Okay. And you know what they say at the metro zoo, you can't pass up a ghost. That's what Ron McGill always says. But what is the message? So anyway, Joe Gerston's in jail. There's all kinds of crap going on. And we're not the calls we're getting. I mean, it's been fine, but they're not informative. They're not, they're not like keeping us in touch with my image. With my image. With the world. Anything that's going on, which is why we're in such a good mood. And by the way, the rugalach from, you know, J.M. Schwartz's Delhi and restaurant, and we want to thank Michael again, that. Those were the best I've ever had. I've had some pretty damn good rugalach in my time. You know, something I wish we'd have been here on Porum. Can you imagine a humontosh and he must have had? No, seriously. Have you ever had him? Didn't you used to have him when we did the show? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I can just imagine a humontosh and that this man must have whipped out. I'm serious. I mean, we had real good ones this year. Thanks to our friends Steve. We don't want to forget Steve. Do we, George? No. Just in case for him. No, we don't. Just in case for next year. So we only got four calls now or what? Because I don't really plan on taking any. Do we have a bunch of calls? On six calls. We have said that's pretty good. Because Keith is in there showing, given instructions to Kurt and how to do something. I don't know what he was banging on something. So anyway, let's do a mobile insane Pete. Oh, I see what he's doing. He's got a whole enthusiasm. Is this something new? What keeps wife going to think about this? Oh, she's at home. She don't care. Hello. I got some news for you. Okay. Okay. I need to check this every day. You like it? Yeah. Oh, good. Wow. What do you mean, it's just something to work with? Now, let me ask you if you've ever eaten a steak and steak? Yeah, I have it. It's disgusting. I got sick. It was in bed for today. Is that right? You got to be kidding me. Are you serious? You realized that there are people in other parts of the state not to mention the much-dreaded Miami and Fort Laterdale. We would kill for a steak and shake and you guys are eating a checkers. Well, there's one over in like one that I stopped at one time and I got a steak and shake. Yeah. We have three. I want to milk shake and start with. Yeah. I got milk. Actually, shaking. That was about it. There's still shaking it. Oh, they were shaking. Maybe they didn't finish shaking it. Oh, it was for it. He was really working. He made me hell. He was good. It made me hell. You know, speaking of making you ill, I am watching a scene in here. Are you trying to convince us something because we remain unconvinced to is he okay? She is like sloppered all over anybody. Over every guy in the building, she and Peter are like hugging and kissing. George would like to be in on this. I'll tell you that. Absolutely. Yeah, bet you. Get very mobile here for a little trim and everybody have a hell of a time. She's doing it. She's laughing. What? She's laughing. She is doing it. She's laughing. Well, listen. So you like one vote for checkers and you're the first guy that responded to anything we said today. Which we can graduate you. Wonderful. A nail let me tell you something. Yes. It's fine happened to leave you the cart of Dennis Lary the disc of it. No. If the apple song but it's got a disc of beat behind it. I'll find it. Do you need? He's gone. You went over a little net before his next beating. Oh, netty. Yeah. Little netty pool. All right. What do you think about it? Yeah. You might want to put this up on cart. Rick Riley is an apple. Feel good. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Excellent. Not again the drift of it. He actually responded. And even though we may have not agreed with his response, well maybe we ought to try checkers. Although I'm not eating meat. Maybe you ought to try it. Do you have a checker in Lakeland? Yeah. But I'm kind of hooked. What would you be willing to try it? I guess so. Over the weekend. Hmm. I know so Monday you can call in with a report. This will see this is like almost a topic. Oh, God. Ah. Ah. So in other words, you don't want to be the guinea pig. I'm going to hand up on that. No. But I think that you could do the drive through. Okay. Huh? Well, I like almost like a Rick and Suds thing like a drive through challenge. Oh. Okay. The challenge is whether you come out of the library or not. I think about it. But you know I got this kind of like going to Carl not Carl's Duneers. That the one where they had the thing Carl Junior in California. Yeah. Wasn't it Carl? No. It was a jacket of Bach. Yeah. That's the payphone challenge. Drive through challenge. Yeah. I got those steak and shake coupons. I'm kind of oriented to steak and shake. But you know, I'll make a sacrifice. I will. I'll think about it. I'll think about it. Okay. Check. Well, I think we've discovered a lot of very interesting stuff over here this time. I think this has been a real Peter knows what's going on. See, but he doesn't dare tell me. He just wants me to find out for myself. You know, he knows what the lay of the land is here. Very uptight. Really uptight. I mean, just a petrified. So anyway, it's 1225 on the IOD network. Like a dream come true or a nightmare. Bob Lasseter is back. You can tune in weekday morning, 6 to 10 on news talk radio 6, 20. WSUN. The last day of set. I'm Tony Alexander with Ormelski Watch on News Talk Radio 620 WSUN. Brought to you by Dintymorebeast, too. The skiing is soft and sweet in Colorado. Keystone valence, being both have their cover on the sloppy side up top of the kind of wet towards the base. The outer pocket showing up it veiled backpulls and keystones outback. I'm Tony Alexander with Ormelski Watch on News Talk Radio 620 WSUN. Brought to you by Dintymorebeast, too. A real meat and potato at meal. How to make Dintymorebeast, too. Taste even better. First, take a chair lift to the top of a hill. Or better yet a mountain. Then find a sign with a big black diamond on it. The one that means most difficult. Then get after it. Find the toughest path down and tear it up. Then at the bottom, if you've done it right, you'll be ready for Dintymorebeast, too. And the big chunks of meat and potatoes will taste better than ever. It's a most just reward for conquering a mountain. Dintymorebeast, too. A real meat and potato at meal. A missed a missed a. I got a complaint about oil can Henry. Well, I'm here to make it right, sir. What's your complaint? That's just it. This politeness. This yes, sir. This no sir. Letting me know what you're doing and letting me make the decisions. I'm not sure that I understand, sir. Well, when I go to get an oil change, I expect to be abused. I expect to get covered in grease and a dirty waiting room. I want an unreasonably high bill without an explanation. Well, I'm sorry that we can't accommodate, sir. Don't say you're sorry. You're worse than the guy who showed me the airfield than he forecaged it. Look, take my advice. You guys got to make this place a grimy mess. And start treating people like dead if you want customers like me. I don't know can Henry's. We may offend a few people with our politeness and attention to detail. Some people might not like old fashioned service along with state-of-the-art technology. However, most people will find oil can-handraise to be there with a little of choice. Oil can-handraise in clear water, brain-tinned, unedited, old-smarring carol would open seven days. Get into the pioneering spirit with a great American cleanup. Help clean up 39 city of Tampa Park and Recreation Center. Saturday March 20th beginning at 10am. You could win four rounds of U.S. air tickets anywhere U.S. air flies in the continental United States. Every day, U.S. air takes up more than 2600 times to over 150 cities throughout the U.S. Remember, U.S. air begins with you. Grand Canyon Washington, DC, or New York City travel restrictions apply must be 18 years old. They're in-person at one of the cleanups to win from the Florida Aquarium City of Tampa Park and Recreation Center's and Windex-Banish and O-Ceter products. Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN. It's the Neil Roger Show. You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll-free. 1-800-944-9463. 16 communities have a variety of items on the ballot with the exception of mayoral erections in sunrise and Cooper City. When I grow up, I want to be just like determined because he's having tremendous pain in other skies. He's better than a bridge tender. Are he from the Trilady or her bastard son, the guy with the eyes? A poker Brian and a late-grade man who was the fourth and adequate, but even so. We just grow up, I want to be just like determined because it'll wind up with his own. Got him show. When I grow up, I want to be just like determined because he's just a phone in a tube. Now, God, I like him much better than Paul Harvey Jr. Or the lady who says, pack him alone. If he played a gig in public, he'd get more chips than sight than life. So, what I grow up, I want to be just like determined and I'll never have to get a whole line. Makes my calling, I'll never have to get a whole line. But, probably, it's just like I'll never have to get a whole line. So, it's first day. Here's exactly the second day. Joe Girston showed up in court this morning at 8.45 and the judge said, Big Joe, speak. And he didn't do it. And they threw his ass in jail. So I understand. And if these people would let us know what else going on, we'd know, but I don't think so. New York? New York, New York. New York, New York. You and New York, New York? I am New York, New York, and I'm calling New York. Yes, and you're speaking to New York. New York. Why am I calling New York? Good question. I'm glad you asked. Because I have a guy in Florida. Yeah. I'm a violent glist. And he says, Max, if you're working on this show called the Sheaker, I have you be. Why haven't you been in touch with the Rogers and invited him to the show? Exactly. And you don't like, because he probably won't go. Well, well, maybe he's missing something. Well, he is, but I don't think it's the show. But anyway. What? Well, you know, if you see, you don't know what you're missing. That's what you think. I know what I'm missing. That's what makes it bad. Why do you say that? That the Sheaker, I have your be the listen to the music of Irving Berlin. Hi. Hi. I'm Long. Right. Well, it's, uh, after all, it got a, uh, fairly. And with the Jewish Plumber and Brandon said, oh, I clog. No, well, the, uh, that he see it. He's here, yeah. He's here. Yeah. He's here. He's here. Yeah. He's here. Well, let me give you the, help it. Let me give you the opportunity. I'm seeing for yourself. Judge for yourself. Yeah. You're not less. You're not less. He'd be judged. That's what the good book says. And unless they're outside an abortion clinic. Yeah. Neil, you know, I didn't know you were. I'm, I'm delighted to speak to you. Yeah. And I'm, well, what do you mean you didn't know who I'm? You're calling me on the arm over here and saying, Peter'sberg doing like a remote from our sister-in-law's to our toast's, dear. What was it? Our toast's station. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't even know what to do. And you're calling, try to get a free plug. I gotta give you a number. I gotta give you a number. Yes. Yes. Why don't you admit it? I'm just a courier. I'd bite you to see the show. You were told by home. I'm in Chris. To the Alon. Alon, Alon. I never heard of him. Well, he, he, he, uh, uh, the corporation called Alon's to it. What was that? Well, that's a, uh, a manufacturing place in Florida. Don't trust anybody with two first names, sir. I don't know. I just, that's not his, that was second half is, uh, It's Kathy Griss. And also, yeah. And he, and maybe he'd put big two probably, right? I also, I have to make a nickel and treble. They all have another show called it, uh, it's Oliver. And that's probably in that the, uh, at the Broward. My grandmother used to have a very colorful expression. She used to say, Hawkman is King Shining. Would you please? And I think that I'm about ready to repeat the same thing to you. I don't know what, I don't know what you're talking about. Huh? For those, those, those, those. Don't start to talk it in four languages with us. Okay. Unless it's on a far, and I can't. Unless it's on your, or in my, uh, Bobby, Bobby also would have said, Cox, or boys, but we can't pay that on the year. We can't say that. Not on the year. But if you're going to listen to it, have a great day and thank you for having me. Can I wish you, uh, a shabakshala? And a happy, uh, forum, but it's too late. Have a great day. Happy, happy Shabakshala. I think about you, B. See, I didn't understand one word of that. I have no idea what Ellie was talking about. And I think that makes at least three of us including him. What was that? Alan, uh, blue work, blue work. Clueless. I do it, gliss. I think he was in a hockey game last night. I can't, and I do want to say, how come that guy who is like the, uh, the real groupy there and right in front of a blob last night, who was like a barrel of fun and allowed mouth and a good guy. He never recalled in today for about the hockey game. Because I wanted to tell him that Dave Andrew Chuck and Dave Ella were both out of our line of last night, two of our big important stars. So don't keep making excuses because you guys played just fine and handled your unbeatous and all the fights but lost in the game. So I guess if you're like a macho man, it's more important that you win the fights even if you lose the game, right? Even you would agree with that. Oh, right. No question. Okay. We've got, uh, I think Dave and Brown are probably like laying down a little bit again. Thanks, sir. You have keyweights on the starline. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Is it better there? Yeah. Can I ask him a question, please? Yeah. Do you paint your bald spot? Oh, no. Is this a rumple, Neil? He'd like to respond, you sure, okay? Please. I don't have a bald spot. Maybe he's like a kater that's right, paper, isn't he? Well, go on and get a case, how's that? Send him to that jump guy. Maybe he can do marical. Okay. Have a great day, come on. Well, if we had time, we'd paint the bald spot. We started now. I think by next program, my favorite is to jump. I like that call better than the previous. Yeah. A lot better than Helen Glyss and the chic of AeroB, writing it on his horse through an Aples or whatever, he was talking about. I have no idea what that was. From the Yorknall. He must have been confused with Aperacial, huh? He called from New York. And you believe Aperacial would like, oh, and even the players, even players to get the New York Post. That is right, man. And there's a hersfield theater in South Florida, isn't it? Right. Yeah. In fact, that's the only place when you go and you pay your money to get the ticket they spitting your face. Yeah. Yeah, stay there. Any hair. Now, how many calls we got George? Because I'm a little bit nervous here, even alive. What? Cinco. Five. But don't start with this ass, financial. The first we got a guy in Hebrew. Now we got Cinco, Cinque, all the way. Oh, yeah. And Oive. Oh, you know, he's driving into the yonkers in the 10th race tonight. We have a, what was the guy's name? Mario's one at a, okay. In date, 7519463 and Broward 524 and our out of town lines. And we're not even giving these numbers. And that's probably a bad mistake. Because I don't know what they are. I think it's 1-800-944, yeah. 9463. And we'd like to get a lot of response about steak and shake. I can't, I cannot believe that there's, I mean, different strokes for different folks. And it was a good guy. But he just got crappy taste except the show. He likes checkers and he hated steak and shake. That's not possible. Well, yes it is. If I were still eating meat and a lot of grease and fat and stuff like that, I would be at Stake and Shake right now just clawing my way in the inside. I'd be grabbing at it. You remember the story was I would be just reaching out to touch it. Oh, God. Yeah. Three years ago when I moved up here to Lakeland. And the first night in town, where did I go to eat? Do you ever get out of the house? I have never, seriously. Other than, you know, you don't get WL, yes you do. WL are on a cable over here. You know, a ceremony, Kessler that does the noon news with the white ghostly faith. Forget about the nuts. Okay, he's like, he's like, sir, I'll leave without the nuts. Pasty, white complexion. I mean, doesn't she ever let you out of the house? No, seriously, this is Florida. Okay, I realize it's the winter time. But that's dangerous man. That is right and pasty and a complexion too. So anyway, what? Oh, what was I saying? I was talking about the first night I moved to, I didn't say pasty. Okay. I said pasty. I went to Stake and Shake the very first night. I was here. We got caught up a day. I was booking it. Yeah. Let me know. You can sleep there. Can you rest? Why didn't you go to the hospital? Hey, you did to be back at aestey regenerative hot water. No one in your family could take it. They couldn't.