Well, let's go to Mulberry. I'm all here on the RWS-UN. No. Yeah, hello. How are you? What was that? How's it? I am. I am visor, but just fine. Good. Good. Listen to your old time and enjoy your show. And they don't know good talent when they got it. That's for damn short. Off at his to a cell phone. I sell you on the RWS-UN. Yeah, let's sell phone. Oh, hi. Hey, Meddog with Eminem. Oh, not obvious. What's happening? I'll tell you what's happening. I'm being insulted once again, Rogers is in the studio for like four minutes. And already here comes Velbita with a selection of snap-a-all over the place. Oh, I am. I'm pretty. Great. I should have picked up that sock when it first opened. It opened in 20, uh, what? 29. Oh, yeah. Grab them. This is good. I think. Yeah, right. I like the lemonade. It's zoomin. I got to say something. This red guy is a real apple. Yeah, he is. Oh, man. I can't believe even put him on here. I want you to listen to. I'll put anybody on. There you go. Listen, Bob. Yeah. I know that since today's last name going to be here, he is using all the crawled. He is pulling out all the stuff. I got burned on that, uh, gray kind of thing. Right in here. Oh, I did. Oh, that's just for behind the traffic. Well, I didn't know that. I thought it was some kind of, you know, a great bit. Yeah. And I'm sitting there and I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And I'm waiting. And it's going on, you know, like 45 seconds. Well, I wish you heard that. That must have been entertaining. Oh, it was. Hey, Leo. Yeah. Good to see you up here, man. Well, thanks a lot, pal. You going to have to west shore tomorrow? Is that absolutely? I want to ask. I got a question asked is, uh, sure anybody going to be there? Uh, I don't know for sure, but, uh, she's not working. I guess she'll come out. I mean, it's there. Everybody's coming out. Everybody's coming out. There you go. Well, I'm going to west shore too. There you go. Hey, listen, great talking. I just want to do the couple of signs that, uh, that I call them off five weeks So, uh, couple of times I see this said that you are going big time Robert is this, uh, uh, uh, you're, you're getting a lot of commercial airtime and, and it's very difficult to get through to you guys in a line now. Well, thank you very much. So keep up the good work and Neil have it. Have the happy trails down back down to Miami. And God bless you, my son. See you, man. Okay. By the way, I got a report that, um, buzz in the lobby at WFL is, uh, battle with the other. Well, I show you how the buzz in the lobby was, uh, Lanceter and Rogers. Everybody was talking, uh, because a lot of people didn't know that I was back or that you were on over here. Everybody kept saying to everybody else, oh, you've had a little, I said, earlier in the morning. Where was Roger? I'd with Eckerd Hall last Tuesday night for their battle. The talk shows. Oh, oh, yeah, the battle of the talk shows. Got me. Oh, what a catching in that. It really is a must made open. Really happy, you know, all that promotion. They were the people. They are the authentic. And thanks to Channel 13, by the way, who did a really nice segment to, the came out to shorts and peed all over us for like hours. And, uh, did about two minutes on the 11 o'clock news last night. And then some guy named Opie apparently showed up and smashed their windows and afterwards. I wouldn't be surprised if I triggered that guy. I don't want to admit it, but you know, he did show up around midnight. The segment came on at 11 o'clock away. Then probably I triggered something inside of that. Maybe it was his David Keaton, like, uh, inter repressed emotions. I didn't see that bit to like a lot of the airtime. The top of your, your ball spot was on there. And then there was a Neil Rogers piece. Now they showed your face briefly. They said, yeah, the real fact guy is there too. I'm thinking calls here. Hello. Hello. Yeah, hi. Yes. I just wanted to share my feelings about your show and Neil. Uh-huh. I just don't like Neil at all. Oh, why not? I feel so bad. I like you a lot better. Well, guess what? Guess what? Guess what? So next week he'll be here all by himself. I'll add those charcoal, those certificates to give away. We'll be back in Miami with all the other healings. And you can rest easy. Well, we won't be here intruding on your space. We've got to understand that after you're taking off of that crap, it's starting to get ready. What about you, Randy Rhodes? Do you put the man's beak? What the heck? What the heck? What's the hectic hole here? It's night o'clock in the morning and the man is in coherent. Does he has Randy Rhodes? Don't doggy downers. Well, why don't you take the paper towels and the yes, let's go over there and go clean up the suit. You can see me when Neil does want to hear something. You're talking a lot to person speak. Go right ahead. Take all the time you like. And I just, I don't, I don't think he could catch her but. Or Terry much. I don't want to kiss his butt or your as he this sir. Okay. I'm not into the, I don't know what it was my fault. I don't want to kiss it. Why not? Even your in laws don't want to kill. Although your wife said somebody could kiss her last night about that car. She's still frothed about your. I can, oh, tell me about it. I tried to make, make a light of it to try to loosen her up a little bit. Oh, you're one of the people to mention it to her. Oh, you know, you and Fred are a match made in heaven. This can, this can try can try. Why, yes, phony just calm down relax. Just take a look at that. You're taking another problem. I can't do stick a relaxed spot. You can't touch good. You should have been here earlier because like a church and a boy cheese ruffle hall. And George was got to think left and right about boy Gary. It is not, it is not. It's true and the funny thing is gossiping about boy. Boy was saying a boy Gary does that. Boy Gary does that. He does. No, he doesn't. Well, I know he does. But the funny thing is, is that boy and she. Listen to this. He does have Randy Rhodes. He's in a basement to the future of the isn't he? Is there any known cure? Is there some kind of, you know, of injection we can give him. Pilly stuck in Judea park. So anyway, like I'm saying, boy, she's ascended out the hall. Shaking his head going. Oh, I'm just stuck in perpetual park. And virtually everything the George is saying is stuff the boy. She's does and boy, she's is out there. Oh, that's terrible. I don't know how you work out of those conditions. Oh, I feel so sorry for you. Oh, it was absolutely disgusting. I've never seen anything like an entire life. Oh, so now you're not going to say anything. What am I going to say to respond to then? What would be the purpose? Why would I waste my time? Why would I dig into the whole thing? George, when I came on the air and said this, I said, boy, you should have heard about that. Then George, I mean, oh, he's on the air. No, I'd say that. I know I didn't say that. What would see you totally intimidate by you? What can I do my attack on the bird now? Or should I wait for 10. 5? I guess I'll wait. There's no point in doing that. I've ever read him twice. What? And asshole, you are bird brain. What an idiot. I thought he was going to be here for a couple of days. In fact, Monday, I'll confess. I invited him to come back. We had a pretty good time. Tuesday was at a vocal. It was a disaster. He started bringing some of the old rodents out of the woodwork. And I thought, well, okay, let's not press our luck. We went out to park him out of two o'clock. I said, thanks. Have a great day. Drive carefully. But I never expecting to see him in here again. Once the morning, I'm sitting here with you. I'm going to shut that off. I can't take it. Can't take it. My show. It is so hokey. I'm not supposed to have session with hokey. So you were saying. So anyway, I'm sitting here in a recorded tent. I look around all of a sudden. Here he is again. Yeah. I said, I didn't think you were coming into the day. He said, Nathan did I. Nathan did I. Hey, you do that well. Yeah. And then Thursday, he's here again. You're feeding him and feeding him and feeding him. And he can tell the audiences like foaming it to mouth. And George tells me like 80% of the people were calling down there. We're pitching about when the hell is he going back to Lakeland and getting the hell off the show. So then he, it was done. George, it is. It's all the time though. I finished with one story. You are the biggest loudmouth just. I ran. You wrote some of your bag at there and shut up for a minute. Will you blob? All right. So he, you know, can't just leave here yesterday. You know, let's say at the end of the show. Well, it's been fun. I'm not coming back tomorrow. It's been enough. But, you know, thanks for the lunch and thanks for the memories. No. I'm sticking around with a while to suck around with Rick and Suds under the guise of, well, he wants to talk about some of the local personalities, Jack Harris. Like I don't know who Jack Harris is, right? And all this other crap. And he spent about 30 seconds on that. He spent about 30 seconds saying the channel 13 is the best local news of any station in America. And we do love all our friends at Channel 13 who will love us to a point of almost neurosis. They're good. But to make a statement like that is so assynine is to be absurd. Rhymes with turd and bird. And then he goes at launches into the whole the real reason for him staying here. His alleged camaraderie with Suds because he says, well, you know, Suds being a sidekick is such a touch on. And you have to walk that fine line. And goes through this whole self-aggrandizing thing and sucking around about how their show I'm driving should be in the broadcasting hall of fame. And about Suds is such a great, and of course, you know, when Neil used to be out sick, I used to fill in for him. And just like you, Suds, it was always a great show. And the audience is out there just spitting blood. You can just see them. Just fuming and saying, get the hell out of there already. Go. The most self-flage of a still lives in perpetual denial. Disposed and like he just lives in a state. He doesn't want to admit that he was canned by me, not by Disney. Or speaking of Disney, boy, that's going to be a great story. What? The WCKG stir. So going on, I talk to food last night. And he didn't really have any details. He said it's still going on so apparently. You don't know if it's a guy's name? The litigation. I did. I forget it to tell you the truth. He was in Minneapolis. It was a big, big dude in Mexico. He was in Mexico. No, it wasn't talk. He was doing some type of an FM, you know, morning music kind of show. And that's where it was hired for. Why did you guy like that to be doing a sports show? 350 a year. Have you told a story on the year? Yeah. Oh, I love it.