13 on the IoT Network. 17. One thing I'll say about this ice cream. Because it's frozen and it's going to be great. Thanks to Damon and his piezons here. Three of them. Three guys, not one but three. Bring us in just tons and tons. Five, ten, five, ten, five and a bit containers of eaties. Those are like what? Those are half gallons. I guess. And we're going to have a good time with it. And guess what, Rick? He had the balls to answer the yesterday to save him a pint. We ought to do it out of spite. Save him a pint of cookie dough and do something special in it. And we got the weasel in the back room to do something special. I don't know about all the difference. Now, it's the reason that all those lines are lit up because I have this talking head sand in your vascular length. It is. Well, that's not right. Well, we don't have a couple of calls under before that. The last set around is seen. It's a technical problem over there at what? It sounds bad. How about now? Is that better? Well, look, I can't be responsible for what's going on here. If everybody would just cooperate and do this thing and be reasonable, we wouldn't have to keep adjusting the thing. Keep bumping up the remote control with Kevin Dylan. See, I remember that today. How do you like that? Hmm, gravy gravy. Why? How's gravy gravy line? Do we have better than here? So how is now that's not in your list of standard Davy? One moment, please. Davy Jones? That's not in there. So how's Davy gravy line? How's that possible? Is that on the gravy line? Boy, this thing's done really. It's starting to get me angry. They warned me. They said, boy, don't get a fall since the security with computers because of the beginning of the space. No more sucking. Please. Thank you, Dave. Okay, let's do a lady in Fort Lauderdale who's probably a must-mots of CDs. Because otherwise, she wouldn't be calling me. Hello? Five. Five. I don't want the CD. Well, great. And you actually called to speak to me? Yeah, I guess. I can't get over this. I've knocked me over with a feather duster. I just want to ask you, did you see on the news on Channel 7 a couple days ago about the Santa Maria people that were sacrificing animals? Sure. Right. Right. Don't you find that appallery? I find it nauseating and revolting. And a one guy that kicked out of the church. Yeah. There's been too many animals. I think it was like 19 or 20. They said anything more than 15 we get upset about. But you know what really made me sick? What's that? Did they had a show down the news? It's not only they showed on the news, but all of these reporters stand by and watch it happen. So, do these people have no deets and say this? What do you want them to do? Start a riot? Well, they could have done something to try and stop them. Like what? They could have grabbed the chicken. No? They had that goat in their arm. And the guy was trying to kill it. The blade was too dull. Oh, no. They had to do it again. Oh. They have a crowd of reporters and camera men there. And they just stand there and watch it. I mean, it is so hard. I did see I do. I refuse to watch anybody. As soon as they put the story on, I like it said not for me. Yeah, I thought it's just, I mean, I find this Santa Maria people that's the same to begin with. And do you? Absolutely. Somebody needs to put their throat. Really? Absolutely. Okay. But to think that there's also regular people out there that will stand by and watch it. Look, don't you understand? Newspeople will stand by and watch anything as long as they can keep the tape rolling and get the story. They don't give a crap. Well, it's a sad sad day. It is a sad day, you're right. I just hope that one of them would have been better. Can you explain to me why my bank was closed this morning when it's not a holiday? No, I can't. What bank? Nations bank. Really? Yeah. I don't have any of that. Eight thirty five in the morning. The drivers post over Nate. Maybe somebody will call an answer. Yeah. Well. Because I'm afraid that maybe my bank went out of business or something. I don't think so. Took off with all your money. Yeah. Well, not that much. Okay. Well, listen, I'm sure a lot of other people are just as a peot as you are. Yeah. Well, thanks for talking. I don't want to get your goat. I can. We have an open line. It's in Broward. Fine. Two better. And bring in like a hundred of these CDs, but I don't have a hundred. These are expensive. Two, this is a double set. And who the hell would ever want this thing? Life during wartime. Girlfriend is better. And she was. Stay up late. Road to nowhere. Sacks and violins. I wonder for, huh? It's all great stuff. I don't like to talking heads. I'm sorry. I'm not into the talking heads. You're not getting it because I'm not going to piss off these people on the phone. I will put, huh? You give it to him. What? I'll borrow it from the person you give it to him. You will borrow from anybody. How do you like that? You got, did you watch Fatso yet? That Fatrich brought you that tape you did? You did not. Well, so that's your next assignment. Take Carol one thing at a time. Oh, by the way. Now, before the saw starts melting, and I noticed, you noticed that nobody came anywhere near here. Ha, ha, just dawned on me. I'm sitting here and there's these three big styrofoam containers with all the ice cream. Nobody came anywhere near the room. Now, is the animal you're working today? Now, is she listening? Because they brought some special spores, a spores with spores for tickler taste buds, old anamorea. I think a lot of they are, but not then go boom, dad. Oh, sorry, honey. But now you tend to go a spores. They brought her E.D. Spores, just for anamorea, to tickle the ends of her thing. So I hope she comes in. I want people to come and eat the ice cream. Now I got my wavy gravy, which is starting to melt. You really can't eat it until it starts getting like real room temperature and gets a real real soft. Because when they first bring in it, it's frozen and it is so hard. But now it's starting to soften up a little bit. Wavy gravy. I'll do the same thing the richt of the other day. And we'd be in ingredients. Coffee, cashews, Brazil not ice cream with a chocolate hazelnut, fudge, swirl and roasted almonds. God is this incredible. Unbelievable, indescribable. So anyway, they distribute E.D.s and Ben and Jerry's and they brought like a bunch of each. I don't see anybody coming in here for the ice cream. I'm going to tell you this right now. If you don't, then the Georgian are going to take it all home and put it in the freezer and you can all stick it where the mundo's shine. At least to take it and stick it in your name on it and put it in the freezer and I hope that there would be a couple hours. It might still be here all over some likely. 1023, by the way, somebody stole Johnny Darks. Isn't that something an ice cream to? 1023 on the IOD network. Yeah, I've been missing for your shows since someone's day one because I heard you on your phone back your show. Okay, how long have you been on the radio station? Well, if you've been listening to some of the day one, you do the math. The Randy Rose show tonight at 7 on news taught radio, 610, WIOD, update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Like that's going to make a difference that you put a thing on there taken. Nobody else is coming here anyway. They must have hot 105 on the monitors today because there's nobody at all. There's nobody in the building listening. That one person is coming here to grab up some ice cream. There are loads and loads of pints of abandoned juries and eaties. Big half gallons including E&E's crunchy cone with chocolate cone pieces, peanuts and caramel. Caramel. Oh, do I hate when people say caramel? That gives me like goose bumps. I can't stand when people say caramel. Not caramel. But however you pronounce it, it's incredible. God, it's like taking those drumsticks that I'm allergic to and chopping them all up and putting them in ice cream. Would it be gross if I took a spoonful out of this thing? Like that? Hmm. God. Well, it's about time somebody came up here and got some. Oh, how you been? So anyway, here, wait till you try this. Crunchy cone, E.D.s please. It's going to fall on a board and schmutz all over and somebody's going to get very, very upset. Thank you. And the wavy gravy line. And it's so, oh, that's the, this is the best, the wavy gravy. That is tremendous. You notice that, uh, and there's a smoresting there for, uh, animaria because she said, yesterday she wanted some more smores and spores to a tickle or taste buds or something like that. But she hasn't made any move out. I guess everybody's either paranoid or they're all listen to hot one or five. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. I don't know where to start. Okay, at the beginning would be a good split. A place. Perfect. Yes. There are a with more. You've got a lot of it. Did I give him the right name or what? Unbelievable. With more. I told you. I don't know if it's because he's the last two games. Okay, he's face favoring in the end and tomato. And then it has his number. He had no chance to get some out of. He got that we face at the night. Which, okay, maybe that'll help. Yeah, after the, uh, come on. It was over like a, like arrested. Well, when the game was already, uh, decided, then arrested comes up and say, hit. Like I said, I don't know where to start between the two of them. Okay, yeah, with more. How about Henry Cotto and then nice stuff, the other thing playing that are field again. Henry Cotto and now he's consistent every time the ball gets near him, he boots him. He's he's marginal at best and best. And I'm only a sea marginal. He's old. Did you see him when he took his house? The guy's both. 32 going on 40. Jesus. Uh, I don't understand what the rush was to dump magnet. And while that's it, that's a conversation that we're all having is what was the big rush. Okay, was this groubles? So you sit him down and you work things out. You give them a tried first base. You sit the big zero down for a while and, uh, you know, you work it out. You try shampy on the right field. Who wanted to play right field. But instead of that, they rushed into this whole thing. They screwed the whole team up. They turned it upside down. And in spite of the fact that we got shampy on, I still say we had a better team a week ago than we got today. You want to know the point thing about it. Everybody says, oh, Tom Browns keeps built the X-Bos. What do you think the X-Bos do? They never made it goddamn playoff. Well, like I, you know, they got some good young players, but as far as winning anything, you're right. That's correct. The X-Bos now. He built the X-Bos for the last five or six years. They haven't had a damn thing. Who cares? You know, you know, something to the whole thing is frustrating. You sound a little agitated. How much do we have to say? The fact that we lost two in a row to a team that hasn't won two in a row since April. It's too much. That played like 70 series in a row and never won two consecutive games until they played us. Let me ask you to. It wasn't bad enough. We lost that frustrating game the other night when we made two great comeback. That wasn't bad enough. But then to get blown out last night. And we looked like the real, uh, marginal team last time. We looked like the expansion team and they looked like a real team and how we make them look good, beats me. That is not easy to make. Because their lineup still is for all these guys that nobody ever heard of before. They got Coleman and Bonilla and, um, and, um, and any Maria, other than that, nobody ever heard any of these people. And finally, because maybe, hardly, yeah, because because, uh, because it's that he played for the couple. I mean, between Borgon and, uh, Bokus, Bokus. I don't know what his name is. Bokus. Yeah. Who's the other guy? The guy with these two earrings and the long hair that looks like a, uh, I don't know what that all he is. Yeah. He's working GTR that guy. Let me ask you, where did they come up with a stat that the Met's have not won two games in a row and set in, and, and, and, and, and, yeah, but then, then they look back and they find out that the team hasn't won two in a row and, you know, you know what I'm saying they come and 70 games that hasn't happened since 1920. What do they come up with these things? What do you mean, where they come up with them? I had a lot of time on their head. Yeah, apparently. That's what baseball's all about, is statistics. Uh, I don't, first fall. Don't you understand the official score like sunny sits up a nearer than between, uh, courses of food that they keep bringing to me. The official score comes up with this, man. Uh, I just don't understand what the rush was to do on Magnet. I mean, don't, don't, just try to, not only, I don't even know what you're saying. He blows, I don't know. He, uh, I don't put him on a bus, put him on a bus to Japan. He outfark it. Got it. Still better getting off my chest. Okay. Well, wait. It's going to get worse. Yes. We better not get swept tonight. If we lose tonight, boy, there's going to be a long, young, kipper weekend. Don't tell you that. I am definitely going to that game tonight. I'd like to see good and say. I'd like to put Kelly Shepherd and arrest us this route on the same bus to Japan. What's the problem with shepherd? I don't want to go into it. He's a master of disaster. If he can't win it, he wants to make sure that nobody else can either. Not can people down out there, just, his, his, his on track. Behavior is so aberrant and unacceptable that I'm surprised that somebody hasn't beaten the living crap out of him yet. The stuff he pulls out there on a racetrack is nauseating and the just, grow test and he makes me puke and I wish he go back to Toronto and stay there. Have a great day, Phil. Just absolutely outrageous. I can't win it. I'm out here to make sure that somebody else don't. And he makes sure. We have an open line. It's in Broward 5249463. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Murdoch, O'Neill. Yes, sir. Welcome to a great Thursday. No, a long 85 day holiday weekend. I was just going to comment on how interesting it Thursday was turned off. Yeah. Will I scream? Exactly. I know that you're going to get about 1500 calls about the mile end game. So I'm going to kind of stay away from that. I know the game blew out. You're going to steer away from it. Yeah. And I know that I'll leave that up to somebody else. Okay. But while you were at the game, while I assume you were at the game, Well, last night, yeah. No, I was in the track watching a game. Oh, well, you probably didn't get a chance to see was on the news last night. No. It's about this TV violence crap. Yeah. Did you see anything about that? No, I heard the story that they're going to put voluntary display merson there, which is pretty amusing. Well, not only that, but the former major network, they had guys. The head guys. The head guys. The head guys. They got on the air. They got on the air. It is so hard. Tell me about it. They got on the air lot tonight. And they were saying that, oh, well, you know, we really kind of pushed the limits to TV and Children are just watching and watching. We just can't have that. But who is that? Who are they? And who is the Congress to make all this crap up that, you know, who says that a parent can't come over and turn off the... Exactly. They sit up there in Washington and they start making all these threats. They bring the executives in exactly. And they start making all these threats like somebody empowered them to censor what material is on. Just like this bit about language on radio. It's the same thing. Who the hell? Who the hell have I told them that they had the authority to decide that they were going to be the censors for public taste? It's a bunch of shot. Exactly. It really is. I mean, who are they to sit up there and play? Well, they're a bunch of shot heads as who they are. The goddess with our channel changes. Right. I mean, it's on... And of course they're doing it because they're pandering so desperately to what the goody two shoes this family values crowd out there who, you know, want to repress everybody. So they can do all their stuff behind closed doors. Well, they still have a little bush left. Yeah. They still don't speak. Still bushed out. But, uh, it's closing. I'd like to wish my sister crazy a happy birthday. But in fact, I noticed with all the screwups, you have to wonder if there isn't just a little bit of bush left in the White House. Yeah. Okay. Have you agree on that? I'm closing. Yes. Chameless. Yeah. I can't get over the Larry King phone call. That's a phone spot. Okay. I just want to hear the whole phone call. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Okay. We have an open line. It's on the agreement. 1-800-944. Have some ice cream, Greg. Come on. Have a two or three gallons. Well, again, I offer it to anybody that shows up. I bet Jake would like some ice cream. Huh? He's going to have to come in here and get it from himself. And the ice cream, too. And anybody else, I, I, we've never had this experience. I think the whole Rick and no such thing the other day just has sourd. Everybody in the building on the ice cream deal because as much as they want it, they're so terrified of the whole thing that happened. See, we want to share. We want to spread it around. A Bob Green and Cheryl were up here hopping up tons and tons of good stuff. And then we were all in a title and take all you want. Everybody. I'm going to get it. But don't take an amoreous for as please. Because she wants to share those with Randy. The, a wavy gravy is the absolute best. Did you have that yet? The best ice cream? Huh? I put a little paper on it. The best ice cream in the history of the human race is Ben and Jerry's wavy gravy. It is just, uh, oh, to die for and from. It's 1037 on the Iowa Dnetwork. I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candied, I believe it looked like an older interview. You had less hair than you have today. I do explain that. I, uh, don't wear a wig, sir. Paint your balls pot. More balls pot. You paint your balls pot? I don't know what you're talking about, sir. My hair grows. You paint your balls pot. I don't have a balls pot. How come you had less hair on the tape? Maybe my hair grew. Maybe I had a bad haircut that day. You're quite the way, something. What are you care? Paint your balls pot? I don't. Do you paint your balls pot? Paint your balls pot? It's sick. All right. It's Larry King and they don't come. Any better than Neil Rocker? Okay, 1041 at WWO. Do we finally got some of our ladies to come in and start hopping up the ice cream? It's about time. And, uh, day by take the wavy gravy, you've never tasted anything like that. Try one of those. Those are just, I'm serious. I've never in my life had anything. This outstanding in my mouth. I mean, this is just a die from and for and about. So, where's Jake? Anyway, it's 1041 at WIOD and thanks again to, uh, what was his name, Danian? Okay, in it. And get your hair straight. Now, would you please? Her hair, every, she's like a chameleon. Every day, her hair's like a different shade of orange. All carrot top. I don't know what she's doing. Anyway, let's do Miami. Hello. They were hanging. God. Yeah. Ha ha ha. A medspan. Yeah. You guys are really the best. As a matter of fact, that's one thing I should have done to very beginning thing. But we have a little bit of a problem that my fault operator error make no mistake about that. Where's the thing, uh, huh? Come on. Why? Really off to a bad start with my computer or a technique today. Oh, Matt, fuck. Oh, oh. But made up for it there. Okay, let's go to, uh, yeah. You guys are really doing it. The meds they've won two in a row. Hallelujah. Here's a punk in the gables. Hello. Punk is gone. Punk's long gone. Here's a Fort Myers, hello. Neil. Neil. Yes, sir. How goes it? Where are they on the air today, Fort Myers? Yes. We were back up and on the air. Well, congratulations, Tony Allen. I do you could do it. Do you could pay that electric bill? They said they were up all night working on it. Not bad. He helped. Um, well, that chocolate you had the other day that gave you the trust. It is so hard. Uh, that was sorbetal. Maybe a new flavor for Ben and Jerry. Hmm. I'll pass on that. Or I'll pass with that. Uh, Neil, I don't want to put around too much. Um, I would love to have the CDs. We do. Yeah. Okay. That's going to make all the other lines go out now. Sorry. I need to do it. Do you? Why is that? Um, I offered it. That's true. I just like, I'm just like the ice cream. We've got gallons and gallons and pint-savice cream in here. This is the hardest I've ever had to beg for people to come in here and get some free goods. I don't understand. There's, uh, there's one in here that I just saw. And eaties. Uh, big. Oh, I guess they took it. Uh, cherry something with the cherry. It was just the unbelievable. Eaties. Didn't see one of the, uh, chocolate peanut butter cookie dough. That's a Ben and Jerry's of course. Chocolate chip cookie dough, which requires me to save for him. And I won't. Well, maybe I will. Maybe I'll have to because nobody else is going to take it. Just build them called, arteries clogged. Exactly. Well, I'll pint a ice cream and I'm going to kill me. You know what I'm saying? That's true. I mean, if I am in my peason cues the rest of the day, this isn't going to kill me. Well, listen, hang on and enjoy it and George will I'll get your shoes size and stuff. Thank you. Okay. Okay. That's gone. So that'll take care of clear and out the lines. We don't want to have too many calls on a holiday weekend. I can't believe we have any calls. I was driving a work this morning and I thought, boy, get that computer just loaded up because it's going to be grim and slim and, uh, and none. Because there just was no traffic at all. It's, uh, this long 75 day holiday weekend, which more power to you. Just don't blow yourself away with all those fireworks. I get the, I love seeing fireworks. I think almost everybody loves beautiful fireworks. They're like exciting. It's great. Well, if there's anybody who deserves some ice cream and Sharon, right? She said, I don't know. Well, I said, yes. So take like, uh, and by the way, the real, now do you like E.D.s. You've been in Jerry's better. Both. Well, take, uh, three of each. There's some like beautiful. Oh, there's Wavy Gravy. That's, uh, oh, you'll die when you try that the best. There's a bunch of Ben and Jerry's on the end there too. Uh, anyway, here's a mobile in four mires. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. What time did you leave the track last night? What time did I leave after last race 11 o'clock? Um, did you happen to hear any of the 10th inning show? No. On the way out. No. It was great. The Gak. Isn't it the Gak you doesn't 10th inning show? Yeah, right. The Gakie. That's because they know everybody's going to go to bed at that hour. So they forget so good way to start. I was on my way home and the first Gakie's rock. Sorry. The first three calls he got were, were, Magneton supporters. The Porter's. Great. He was. Don't know how when like, uh, they have like a press conference and it's for like, said the president and he goes, well, we'll talk about everything but that. No, and then he gets like 10 questions. Right, right. Exactly. He was like, and please, anybody but Magneton, people were calling in. If he was so rushed. Why is that? Because he gets one phone call and he can tell he's frustrated. He could tell he was like, and now so in other words, he's become a complete chill because they carry the games over there. So he doesn't want to tell the truth. Exactly. It's, well, he hears what he said. He said, well, they say, why did they get rid of Magneton and, uh, and, and, and, and, Dick, like, nobody in return form. And he goes, well, that's what the, their goal was to put the best team on the field. And that's what they felt. And that's the best team that they could put on the field. And their plans didn't include Dave Magneton. And he hangs up and you could tell. And they're very natural. You are an asshole of Joe. And by the way, C.C. I'll be even a sort of five to three last night. I wonder if he, uh, huh? What Magneton, uh, Magneton was one for four. He's hitting 385 in the three games. He also had a walk. So he was on base twice. He scored a run. And they won five to three. They get 15 is never based before. Right. And a league he's never played it before. Exactly. What are you going to do? Hey, one more thing now. How come I've never seen Rush Limbaugh and Lloyd Lindsay Young in the same room? Same touch. Well, think about it. Have a great day. Hello. Learn us. We have an open line in day, 7.5. 1 and 1 on the green line. So Magneton gets another hit and a walk is on base twice. His team is winning. In fact, let me take a look at the standings. I don't know what happens elsewhere. Um, C.A.L. Look at that. Oh, G.C.A.L. He's only two and a half games behind the first place, fading fast white socks, who must have caught something from the Tigers as in like fade out of a disease falling like a rock. So Magneton's over there with a winning team is with his godfather. And then, of course, that this good and who's going to pitch against us tonight, do why you are a real goofball. You hear the thing that he's all upset because he's, uh, Sheppiol's uncle allegedly by, um, way of third, uh, cousin or something. So he's all been out of shape because the meds didn't make any effort to give you a show. As if they have like more money to pay him some astronomical amount next season, to add that they're already bulging gigantic biggest in baseball, $40 million payroll. That's netting them still like 10 and a half games behind us. I mean, these guys are just a biggest bunch of loudmouthed premidonas, just pathetic. But I will say that's the big zero. Uh, did make a beautiful play at first base there last night. That was my favorite. And almost as good as the one made by our center field or Henry. Not after a chucking injured himself again and by the way, another incredible play by Chuck E. Caron Center for your last night, Bad Ribs and all and incredible play before he re-agrobited his injury. This kid is just a dynamite. It's a 1048 on the IOD network. There's make it a free call by diling star, IOD. Now the Neal Rogers show on you stop radio's 610, WIOD. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell. How do you system? It's a study in art shopping terror. Who's there? A chilling story of a deaf woman alone in a fraid and the killer she'll never hear coming. What about the new feral? A ketomia ward when a malleam may have been starse in here no evil. A thriller so frightening it'll keep you. Hello. So frightening it'll keep you. Is anybody out there? On the edge of your head. I thought you were a commercial. A commercial? I can't hear you. I can't hear you. I said I love you. No! I think it's not bad. I can't hear you. Don't miss my leave make. Look in here no evil. What you can't hear could kill you. And what you can't hear could screw up a really good commercial. Okay so Anna Maria got hers. And she's all excited about that. She got her smores. Her E.D. smores. Like a half a gallon of it. And also we got to thank Vinnie, Ignacio and Mike. The boys at Bravo, Ristorante. Who are like in lighthouse point. 2486 north federal highway. In lighthouse point. Bravo, Ristorante, Petaria and Saluma Maria. What the hell is that? Saluma Maria. But anyway they sent over some great pasta for Joel and George is eating it now. With his cold. Yeah I'm glad you're enjoying it. Okay. I said no I don't want that right now. Okay. I'll leave it because I'm very sick and he keeps sticking his tongue on everything. And say oh by the way I'm sick and I have the flu. So don't anybody else have any of this. And then Jake came in here and got some. But I don't want to go into that. So anyway here we are. 1107 thanks again to our friends from Ben and Jerry slash eaties. Damon. Damon. I can't say that because there's nobody named Damon. Is there? There is? That's like a real name. I keep feeling like I miss black. It should be Damian. They call him. I'm doing for sure. Did a great job. We appreciated. Not that I was jealous or anything. I just don't like being slided by our friends. By people that we love and that wavy gravy was worth the go into the whole exercise. And by the way Rick there's none left. Sorry. Here's candle on the star line. Hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good. Well I'm kind of excited. I'm listening to you since the last days of beta. And I've never had a reason to call till today. And today is the reason. Okay. Yeah. So I got a first of all. If you ever had their frozen yogurt yet. No. It's the best. Is it? Yeah. And it's what some of that in here too. But I opted for the wavy gravy. And I'm not sure I made the choice. You like coffee at all, man? No. Yeah. Oh. I'm getting like chills just thinking about it. And I am. It's actually really great. Mm-hmm. Anyway, this morning either that or I'm starting going to a diabetic coma, which is a good possibility. But boy, what a way to go. Can't desire. But like you say, what a way to go. This morning I'm listening about 10 to 9 driving to work. And I'm away. I guess the sunny herched does this sport. Yeah. And he's reading off all this course. And then he says, and I'm sunny herched from your Marlin. I heard that. Yeah. I heard that. That was beautiful. It was the best. And I'll tell you one thing. We cheer me to do a lot better job than having Joseph Gakia on a post game show. Try to be as chill. We wouldn't be doing that. Yeah. But some things will never change. Correct. It doesn't matter what space it goes. Some things will never change. So that's it. I just wanted to touch on the Ben and Jerry's and the sunny herched thing. And the only other thing is my father-in-law who is a closet met here. And he's a fan right now because of the Marlin. He's opening his mouth. He's going to bring the broom to the game tonight. Good. I hope he finds a good place to put it. Right. Just want to say one thing to him. You are a douchebag. Okay. Good bye. Yeah. Maybe you can either fly away with it or stick it in the office. We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the Sterline Sterlione. What is this exercise show that I'm watching right now? Which is sure better than anything else. We have really been sorely lacking in flesh shows lately. And then I heard Rick the other day talking about how the Spanish stations are the ones that have the good flesh on there. Did you hear that? Better late than never Rick. Although they got some horrendous. Look at who isn't that Tomas, a suitable intellectual Espanol on the left. There are you watching on 44 not this guy. But the guy on the left. What is his name is that Tomas Regalado or one of those Ojoan provocatories from no speaking English radio? Come on. We don't want to see this geeky guy here with a glass. I want George to tell me who the other guy is. Because I recognize that push and he makes me very very upset. Because he's one of those traditional Ojoan see the guy there. Who's got his picking his nose that Tomas Regalado? That's not a dog dog. That guy. Who? A Delgado. Delgado. Delgado Del Sol. He's whoever you're thinking about. Bill Gado who wrote the TV Corrario column in the hero the other day. That ain't that who that is. What am I asking you for for crying out loud? Biggest. Anyway, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hi, you're doing. I think the reason that they got root of 90s is because Dave's a rousey old. 90 came here to play every day. When they got stuff, he couldn't play every day. Why not? Why couldn't they put Jefffield in right field since we don't have a right field? Do you want it to play? Do you want it to play? Huh? Do you want to play out field? Well, they met up. And how about first base? Well, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. There you go. Who's hitting 385 and you're American League. Oh, my. Do you get your show on Pennsylvania? No. You don't. Don't go on up there for TV. I'll take some tapes. It'll keep you company. I think I will. Have a great time. All right. You too. We have an open line in date 751 on the green line. By the way, I told you that Ben and Jerry gives me an instant. I can't say it. Oh, that's it. All right. Could have said score. That too. So any minute now, if you hear like a whole bunch of stuff like running together, I guess that wasn't a good choice of words. If you're a whole bit of a bunch of, you know what I'm talking about? 12 minutes after 11 on the IOD network. Pizza, man, doesn't get in. Morning news. We day mornings, right here. You talk radio, baby. You go. Come on, you're a T. No, Anna Maria says she's like a magnet man. She's just one of those sexual being. I dig a like crazy. I love her mind. I love everything about her. I love her big bounce of her breath. I don't know what it is. Anna Maria. We won't lose you. So members that just don't win. And it's warm. Where are you, see? I think I better play a twice there. Better play it about 100 times today because if I leave it around, it'll... Like just just a few seconds. I think I've had a lot of fun. But I think I've had a lot of fun. I think I've had a lot of fun. But I think I've had a lot of fun. So I think I've had a lot of fun. It's an awesome biggest piece. I potentially don't have to leave it. But I really want to say that. Did you have the chance to come out? Yeah. So are you happy with doing it the story, it's one of my ftaries, if you've attend holidays and holidays and presents compliqué. I don't want to Tokyoです. Maybe it's a joke or a joke. It's easy for me to do one thing. I wouldn't do tell four of you's favorite but Hungry Sanorn bond app. Why don't you still have footwear in sw Dogs & Dog Bang? What do you think of that? neither of us or somebody the same thing, and Chuck I think are involved in that thing study. I don't know where is it at Bayfront Park? It is. We think. We don't know. We have nothing on this. And Farbeid for me to start attacking Halcyan who did eat a lot of ice cream. But it would be an ice for us or boy Kurt who also ate a lot of ice cream. But it would be nice to have a little info on this stuff. So I mean, you know, it's great that Chuck is promoting it. But Chuck's got a small select audience. By the way, Chuck did a very nice thing here today. In fact, I like that morning show a lot more now than I ever did before. I think Chuck is gone. Don't you? Chuck brought Jake in here. They have the same hairdo I noticed. Did you notice that? Chuck is a little bit on the grayer that was. But they had like the same barber I guess. They could both use a little trim. Anyway, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Listen, I have more than a little like half hour or four-thumbend. Did you go to Game Oxide? I know I watched it on TV though. It was very depressed. Okay, well, I'm coming into your words like hot-ache. Oh, join the club. We've had a lot of people who are very psychotic and very upset and peeled. I'm a season ticket holder. I've gone to a proximate 80% of the game. Yes, great. Every game that I've gone to, the fans have been super nice. You know, the opposing team, everything else last night up in my section. There were two fights alone. And probably some met fans up there again. Welcome to Miami, the met fans. Well, well, how about on the field last night? There were about like three almost all their occasions, the Chuck E. Carth thing. And then Armistron got into a big thing with the Lansman. And then the metts all came out on the field of one time when they threw a Chuck E. Car. And then there was another thing later on. And it was like right on the edge. And it also happened with Veneto a couple of times in a two game so far. If this is the way people in New York are telling the state of hell up in New York. Exactly. And also, one last thing was the fact that the, when you were talking about that, these people there was one metts fan of their yellow and screaming. But one of the guys in the section just very politely pulled out the newspaper and says, is this the same team that's 28 games behind in first place? Right. And the guy set up for 10, 15 minutes. But I just want to tell the met fans if you want to fight, go to help back up to New York. The only other crowd that was almost as rauty was the Philadelphia people. But I think that's the sixth bro anyway. So, you know, just tell them to go back up to New York. Tom DeBuro, their way back where they came from. Please. Okay. Bye. Excellent. See, there's all kinds of reasons to be a psychotic and aggravated. But we're still putting 40,000 and more in a ballpark for every game. And we'll have a big crowd there again tonight as we hope that Charlie Mosam down. While Moam down is not the way to like knuckles him down. Old knuckles. Let's take a call, a portable phone and Tampa this ought to be good. Hello. Deal. Yeah. How you doing man? Okay sir. This is your by the time in Tampa. Deal. Get ready to go to Daytona. All right. And I just had to call you. Charlie, I'll fit tonight. Yeah. Man, you always bash all Charlie. But he's the greatest. He's the best. He's the best. They don't come any older than Charlie. They don't come any older than Charlie. And I want to call somebody a dude's best. Yes sir. Mike from Route 5. He's a Mr. Leron. He got it more on. It's like in douche bag. Okay. And I'm just gonna bash on you. But I can't do it. Stay with New York. Can't do it. I know you just can't bring yourself to do it. Have a great life pal. Get out of here. Get a life. We have an open line on the green line. It will by the way, four miles from my ears. What am I laughing about? Because it's funny. That's why they're off the irrogate. They got back on here at midnight last night and we ran for a little while and then all of a sudden the tower got struck by lightning. Just a little while ago and they're off the irrogate. So I'm can I've concluded that there must be a God somewhere because if anybody deserves to be off the irrelate, it's WWE, Sian and Tony Allen and Tony Ball DJ and it whole group of a mystery and so with Errol can't even get their Facts Machine working right. Not that George is upset about that but he's getting sick and tired of that. I'll tell you that right now Tony. He thinks that you guys are a bunch of idiots and goofballs and you make him sick and want a puke. You just if you just leave us alone and just steal our material and the program we'd all be a lot happier. Here's Dave the cop. Hey, are you doing real? gravy, Davey line. All right. Pretty good. Listen, the big out. Really suck. I mean we got to get a little bit of a big out. That's a good one. Yeah and are you still giving up on the Cardinals or am I maybe I'm right? No, no, no matter in fact the fillies look right for the pickins is there. You were telling me that crap a couple of weeks ago and I said I think you're getting a little carried away but the fillies are sliding on it. With all the barbecue's going on in the next week and yeah, they're cracking. Crack could be like watermelon man in about 10 days. By this dice. Yeah. Anyway, we're on the cards coming on. I think you need one from the police. Now some of the jargon we use would be a three letter one. QRU which means okay. It's not like God but here we go anyway. A nail QRU. You're good for the card man. You're going to down the page. You got up the page too. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. You'd be good. Okay. All right, see. Boy, they're just we are cop intensive on this show. I don't and I don't want to pour water on his parade but I do want to a word to the wise or on why I should be sufficient. This weekend they're not only going to be looking for you going two miles an hour over the speed limit but they're going to be doing that seatbelt stick again. That's right. They're going to be playing that game again pulling you over to you. Exactly. George says you number one guys. I wear one and I don't and I won't under any circumstances. Okay. It's just when you're big and fat and you're wearing it and you're driving a beautiful corvette. You want a little freedom there. You want to be able to reach over and put your arm on Jake shoulder and say good job today. Bet a pound. I just a little joke. He and I isn't that something that Chuck had to bring him in here though that he in other words he had to come in here with a security blanket. Now he'll work his way up to the day when it comes in here alone and then he'll be sorry. It's 11 23 on the Iowa Dnetwork. Hi. This is Jim. Love your show, I love you, love you. That was so weak. I'm all lost in bed. It's frozen never touch me high. It's this thing. I've been beautiful. I've been flying all my life. It goes crazy. When it's bad. When it's bigger it's better again. I've been little my hand. It caught you my chest. Who were the blue? They ruined my best. It came out of my jeans and into my life. Oh how it makes me feel fine. It's 16. Home beautiful and it's mine. I'm in 20. So that's WID. We ought to play that one more time. You know what that Jim thing? Evidently he read did that. One of the kindest of his parts. That was so bad Jim. Hi. This is Jim. Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you. Oh god man. You can just see the feathers falling up. Can't you? In fact we had a clean a few of them up here this morning. It's 11 28 at WID. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yes sir. This is David. Hi David. How you doing? Pretty good. How's the morning stew in today? The wine? The marlin. What does that mean? Well the marlin. I heard of the one yesterday and yesterday I heard of it. You heard the one yesterday? Sunday. You heard the one Sunday. Right? You heard the one? Yeah. And you're the one by the votes. We don't have that. Maybe joy will play it for this weekend. We have an open line at Broward 524. If anybody thinks I'm talking to somebody that missing that many bricks they're dreaming. Okay. Call up it to a Rickle talk to you for a while. By the way Rick, I'm sure we don't have any ice cream left. Do we? Not a drop. There's nothing in here. We have three styrofoam containers and it was great. And just about everybody. They started a little slow but finally Lisa came in here and Lisa Campbell came in and Stephanie and a net and Mercy Mercy Mercy and Sharon and of course Cheryl and Bob were in here immediately if not sooner which was fine because they were very very pissed about the treatment they got the previous day on another show. And Chuck came in here with the Jake and the who else and the boy Kurt was in for a little and Halcy and of course came in and didn't she was a little bit recalcitrient because she got chewed out when she came in the other day chewed out by the obnoxious one who doesn't like to share with anybody and then comes on and has the audacity to lie and tell us that he didn't get any. Now I have it on very good authority that he got some and maybe some ice cream. Here is the gable. Hello. Neil. Maybe it was from the Weasel. Yes. That last call was probably one of the fans that gives uh sounded like a meds fan to me. Yeah he probably gives the kind of guitarly up the standing ovation when he walks in the winning run like he did last week and then latch comes out and sends them to the bench and everybody gets something give them a standing ovation. Yeah. And he's been. Well we like Charlie. What's wrong with that? Huh? We figured anybody that old or can still stand up to deserve a standing ovation. I don't know. And always going the uh always going the pitchary time he throws first piece. Anyway I didn't want to talk about that. Why not? Huh? Speak your piece. Don't be uh don't hold it back. Let it out today. Today is the day for venting after a couple of very very frustrating baseball nights for us. Let's let it all out. Let's even let one or two of the meds fans call in tell us how great they are. And we'll just laugh until we fall down and puked. I want to say something about this magazine conspiracy. By the way we are going to start the official Dave Magan and watch on this program. We've already had done it each of the first three games he's played and tomorrow I see they're playing an afternoon game today. See you at all at Minnesota 115. So tomorrow you can be sure one of the first pieces of business will be to see how Dave did today. Excellent. Excellent. Who's sitting 385 by the way in the American League? Even they hadn't interviewed each of you. He's not even from this town. And even Hammer. Huh? From Tampa. Yeah, but I mean I don't think he's had to which time to follow the Marlins but the first thing that came out of his mouth was why didn't they put me in right feel and keep and put maggot in a third if they really wanted a good lineup. Right. That was a good one. That a boy. I don't guy blows and that rich right. I think this guy becomes in his first pitch. How did you like that first pitch man? They didn't have to send the space shuttle into orbit because Eddie Murray hit his first pitch into orbit two nights ago. That ball is still going. If it wouldn't have hit that gray stuff there in the upper deck it would have still been in orbit. I mean with a lineup like that we might have had a chance maybe third possibly even second. I mean if they're talking about this I think we'd have won a damn division if you want to be. I think we'd have probably won a world serious if they wouldn't have screwed our team up. They probably won to save some money. Yeah or there's something what do you mean save some money how much do you think it's got a cost of the signed Gary chef field next year he's got a one at least 85 billion dollars. Yeah and then wait won't be able to pay that ball spot. Yeah it's pretty frustrating it's fun we can do about it now. No. Well it's like cried over spilled milk. They should have consulted with us first. Should me? Yeah they should have. Should they have talked it over with the fans and said look we're thinking to do in a really stupid thing are you going to let us do we should said no way Jose. Yeah but like most things that go on in this town they just do it forget the consequence. And then we have to suffer you're absolutely correct. Well Leo. In closing get the honey hone your. Can I call somebody? Yeah. I home one. Add and buy that allickers. You're a big Russian German beer chicken douchebag. Okay. All right they do. Get the honey hone your that could have been the greatest line we've ever had on the show now we don't have that on the in the thing they're doing. Oh you haven't watched that movie yet. Well between now and the end of the holiday weekend you better than well watch that movie and Mr. Fat wants that tape back to by the way I don't know what else is on it probably some porno stuff. But uh seriously it's a great movie. Fat so and when you hear that line the after you've seen the movie get the honey junior then you're like pin your pants and fall off the chair instead rolling on a floor until Anna Maria comes in. He looked pretty good today I got to be honest with you. I mean if it was a choice between her and Randy I'm sorry. Why do I see I now I'm flagey lady that whole thing and mixed Lewis is the one that does that. It's 1133 let's take a call from uh that's a wrong one I think wrong hold on don't go away Tampa like I said Tampa. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. How you doing great. The holiday is the fun what is this controversy with the shungoed crap are they gonna use an animal thing coming them for the stuff they got. Abusing animals and one coming in my normal you know killing animals for like that's in your main. In your main? Yeah man why are you in your low main? In your main meaning it's not it shouldn't be cut to send a shit. They don't know if they're not a lot. Shouldn't he say shouldn't he didn't say what you thought he said shouldn't shouldn't yeah yeah I don't know I don't believe in any of that. I'm a good one at all black magic. Yeah yeah right I'm what it did for Sammy Davis. Oh yeah I didn't know he did that stuff. And Louis Prima and Kaley Smith and I think they're all dead yeah. You know Neil you know something this is me off too. Well go right ahead. Well I want to get him in the other day. You went to what? No we we're not living anybody on the 10 if you're 12 o'clock and I got there 10 30. Anybody under 10? Yeah big time. All right the cobbler's uh can I call someone to discuss? Sure. Yeah it's gates of America. In Tampa you're a bunch of this bag. Okay beautiful that was my favorite call of the year so far. We have an open line it's on the green line and of course it won't be from four Myers or Cape Coral because they can't hear us because WWE see and is off for the duration of day again. What a shame God how are we gonna make it through the day today? Well never good enough calls without them. 1-800-944-9463 we do have an open line there for like Orlando and Tallahassee. We've been getting calls from Orlando lately if you notice that like a few here in there Huh? Well you're looking at me like that. No good not from that Orlando all the way wish we did God wouldn't it would have been nice if during this nice long holiday we'd get a call from our good old buddy Orlando and he called and like make up with us and packed things over so to speak. Because I still have a soft spot my heart heart for Orlando we all do even those out there who have iron perpetual self denial even those guys out there who are like you know wrapped up in their embarrassment. Let's go now let's not it's 1136 on the IOD network. Today show is brought to you by the makers of Tiger Kitty the cat with the taste of real human flesh Tiger Kitty don't ask how we make it and now back to our show. Nothing makes you feel more like a woman than the romantic sensation of silky lingerie that touch of satin as you slip on a pair of thong back the keenies a soft stretch gutter build with stockings or a black lacy camisole. Oh my goodness I've never felt so woman way. Victor secret the cat a lot for cross dresses. I haven't been this excited since Alex Trebek that puts your hands on your buzzer. Victor secret nothing makes you feel more like a woman. 1140 a W wild. Do we have an intercepted memo here which we always enjoyed this is from Nick Lawrence a WFTL aka the light bulb. Two hosts and programmers from a programming management ray chronic colors the following colors have abused the privilege of calling this station. One angry Sam aka sand the poet. Two slim three doctor slinky for meat market millie five Gilbert. Oh geez whim as he in here. Oh yeah five Gilbert. Six Harvey from Kendall seven sightless Mike my my my my chronic colors stop other people from getting the station says Nick these colors are banned by programming management also the color Henry should be kept to one call for weeks sign Nick Lawrence take a bad Nick. Okay it's 1141 a Wio deal let's do a beautiful pop a no hello. Oh yes sir. How you doing today? tremendous. Hey uh did anybody check and see if uh Resta's got a hit last night's yes he did didn't you see the game? I had to go to bed early I turned off about the 50 I could have put it in. You didn't see you then you didn't see the beautiful air he made in about the let's see it was the top of the eighth inning I do believe when he made the bases reloaded with the two outs easy ground ball by Saber Hagan the pitcher to first and arrest is like uh starts taking off with it for the bag but the ball is behind him and then he goes to reach for it and falls down and then the pitcher comes over to cover the bag and arrest is still as plenty of time because Saber Hagan's not even running it out and he throws the ball and there's Richie Lewis went and he throws it away and two runs score. And then in the bottom of the inning after was now safely seven to one and the game was way out of reach arrest is comes up and by the bang there's a base hit but of course pre prior to that all during the game when we're still in the game he was like uh all for uh that's why they call him the big oh he's probably leading all mentally first base and in big oh in big ohs and in big jokes they's choking over there. Oh boy he pressing very depressing way to made a bad decision sir I just uh can't emphasize it enough we traded away a quality major league player and we left ourselves with a rookie kid and right field who's not ready for prime time we was striking out at a rate that uh is just uh I was staggered the mind it boggles your imagination. Derell with more. With and more he's with and more than I've ever seen. Who's our backup? I'm a bigger part of the backup first base. The backup first baseman is Jeff Konaan who by the way had three hits last night and is like a legitimate and doesn't get anywhere the credit he should I don't know why because he's kind of like a bland guy and he's not the real flashy but he had two tremendous home runs in two games and he had three more hits last night he's our backup first baseman. I think he's gonna be in the fourth position in the batting lineup soon. I hope so. Maybe that at all. That should do it. Maybe that'll wake up the day ago. Yeah. But I think we better look elsewhere. Exactly and it won't be Henry Kato either. Who also made another nice airless night and I'm glad that you fell asleep before it happened. Have a great day pal. Hey. Yeah. I call a couple of my buddies do Spag. And good luck to us all. Yes. I got that tweeted. Magnet away. Dave Dumbrowski. Yes. In the big room. Okay. Big nice bags. Yeah. The big zero. Yeah. Look it's not personal arrest. This is we like it. You're a very nice guy and you're articulate and you're like look like a human being and everybody loves you but we just want you to go away. Don't go away mad. Just go away. See like with who near it was personal. We just he had a crappy attitude and he wouldn't run after the ball and he just there was a piece of crap. Or rest is a good guy. I like him. He just can't play. That's all. I mean Henry Kato. We don't know him well enough to have an opinion one way or the other. We know he'd blows but personally he might be a nice guy. I don't know. He's getting a little long in the tooth and he sucks. So we were doing it reminds me of Wiod. It's like the micro-neary deal. Okay. It's the same concept. I mean Chuck's a great guy. I love Chuck. Chuck is like a brilliant guy. He's got a great voice. He's got a great sense of humor. A great personality but you won't ever hear that on that choke as it's a new show. And so Reneri was there and we were doing a fine. Everything was just fine. As somebody you used to save it never will again on this show and it was great. And then all of a sudden they started the front office again. I think they must have called Dave Dumbrowski and they started doing some stupid things and we missed it and now we're having a little problem every now and then. Here and there. Like in certain day parts. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Uh huh. Yeah. Mrs. Dr. Slinky is this or sand the poet. Or hello lovely lady or can do it. Or my my my my. No that wasn't Harvey from Kendall lovely lady. That was Jack from the beach. Oh, Jack from the beach with a gruff voice. Hello, I'm a little bit of a mid one thing. There's one person I do get tired of hearing that's my my my own Rick and Sir. My my my. Well, you know who that is? Do you know who that is? Why am I can he works? No, it's not the real blind. Mike. It's uh it's Ken block again. Oh is it? The chip off the old block with the punk with the dog racing tapes. He calls with about 20 different voices and I got to admit that the the blind Mike thing he does is very funny but like maybe once a month would be out. You know not every day yesterday he went on and on and he was like reaching and stretching and there was nothing that he said that was remotely humorous. Listen, you said something yesterday and I'm trying to accept maybe look out now. The outsiders. Yeah. You mentioned the movie. That was a very distressing and depressing movie. I like to see the kind of you like it. I'm not present but I don't remember seeing Tom cruising at moving. I thought I heard you say he was. Yes he was. I'm gonna have to go run it again. I bet you will. See Thomas Hollis and there who was just a skinny punky kid and there and unfortunately I think God killed George said in that movie which is very depressing and then turned into like kind of started working out and filled out a little bit and turned out to be one of my favorite actors of all time and in one of the great movies and history called The Hitcher would see Rucker Howell. That's what I was going to say. I never heard of the movie the Hitcher. Wait a minute. What are you laughing about? Well, what's what do you what's so fun? Do I say see Rucker Howell? I said see Rucker Howell see Thomas. See Rucker Howell do Thomas say the agreement. Whatever his name is. Well there is a lot of very erotic uh overtones to that movie and nobody knows what it is that see that one in the Hitcher. Right. That one scene where Rucker Howell is sitting there and they got him in jail and then see Thomas Holl comes in and he goes in there and I don't want to go into the thing about the spitting and he likes. Yeah. Exactly. There's something a little bit so there's some erotic undertones and overtones in that movie. Well I'll tell you what. And any movie would see Thomas Holl that has erotic overtones as a movie that I'm going to be watching many many times. You mentioned it. I went and rented it. I never heard of see Thomas Howell and then I remember the movie uh uh soul man which was one was great. He was funny in that movie. It was a cute movie. And I didn't realize he was the same kid that was in the outside. Yes. And Matthew on was in the outside and uh and uh a middle and middle festival and the Ralph Machio with the Zits and all those kids. You know, pisses me off two things. Everybody seems to be pissed off today which is what you like. And no godfather's pieces and self-law. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Godfather's was tremendous. And you're mentioned in the ice cream. I never buy ice cream about a half a gallon last week of eating. Just strawberry. Mm-hmm. And that took out of the spoon gone. That's why I don't buy it. Yeah. Oh yeah, you can't tell you. You can't stop. Once you start with something that good, you can't stop. Now there's what I was going to tell you playing just what I want a buddy of mine. It's 24 years old. What are you mentioning? A lot of fathers. A buddy of mine. We're him and I were hanging out the other day. I bet. And I talked him in the, he never seen in the Godfather. Yeah. Never saw it. And I got into sit down and watch it. And I've I'd must have seen that movie a thousand times. And you know what I could just sit here and watch it. Oh, it's one of those movies. I can't imagine anybody could ever see it too much. It's said there's some movies when you've seen it enough times you just could never watch it again. And if you started to watch it again you'd say, now I just, but with the godfather, if it, you can't have to come across it on a cable or the satellite or something, you just sit there and you get into it again because it's like part of your life. It's like there. I rent them and I can't be mad at whatever it was I like to say. I got all three godfather's. Yeah. All three I got to get into what you're to do, but I love it. And I'm closing you. So be a naked. Right on the heels of the Nick Lawrence memo, I wonder if there's something for it in about that. As in, please take a bath soon. See the only thing we can't figure out yet is how to stop this. I mean, not to stop it. But like, put it on pause. We can, we can like make it go away. Huh? No, no, they aren't. They're working on that. They're going to, they're going to have a thing where we can like just put it on pause, which will really be great. But anyway, we're not working on it over here. We have an open line in date, 751. It must be one hell of a boring holiday weekend for everybody because of the lines are smoking here and I don't know how. I did not that I'm complaining, believe me. Trust me, although you get disappointed if I don't bitch and complain. So I'm trying to make you happy with that too. We're getting too many calls. 751-9463. It's a 10-before-nune on the IOD partial network.