Firefighters remain perched high on these long ladders, a hoses in hand. Oh! Use Talk Radio's 610-WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show to talk with Neal dial 751-WIOD from date in Broward 524-WIOD. Outside the 305-area code, toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD, and Bellsouth mobility customers make it a free call by dialects star-IOD. Now, the Neal Roger Show on Youth Talk Radio's 610-WIOD. If Neal Roger and two people tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock have intercourse on television, they will get a large share of the audience that takes no talent. Round and long to the gay square, they're now in the back of the fence. Get off the horse at the old barn door. Got the saddle turned around. I'm a rat on the horn. Looking sad folks are dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's not down. All the men left, all the men right, all the men need to subpoil a tube bat. Give your partner a silly smirk. All going hands for a big circle jerk. And here's all raise your hand. Who's going to be the next pivot man? In fact, here are partner home for a drink. Lift your lips and give him a weight. With a great big smile and a great big nod. Let him know your jubbles need cloud. 12-07 in WOD. Happy Thursday. Happy second to last day of the year. Two year were having a interesting day here, a little bit frustrating as usual. But that's why we're here to take out our frustrations and share them with you. We have an open line. It's on a starline star IOD and two in date. They'd really off their feet today. Very disappointing, but not surprising at 7519463. Here's Tampa. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. First of all, I can share things for a great year of entertainment. Sure. You guys are doing it. I feel bad you know about the reconçed situation over here. But I do feel with you. What do you feel sir? Well, I guess that's going to be on. And then the afternoon for my gather was blah, bow. Right. But I'm starting with it. What? Starting this coming Monday. Yeah. No, I mean, I don't know blah. I mean, very possible for long. Longs in the afternoon. He's on the station right. Yeah. Well, yeah. How are we doing that to LA? Guys are called yesterday. It was absolutely correct. He should be like the head of the radio division for Cox enterprises when he said that they should have kept the Y and F with what we were doing. Put Ron and Ron on in the morning. Put me on in midday. Rick and Suds in the afternoon. Randy at night and made it into a really great F M station. You got a 10 share and if they wanted to keep the passengers stick him and a bunch of boring people over on the AM and it would have been perfect. Right. Well, I feel the Ron Ron lead in the only. You should really do at least a seven or eight share. At least at the very least because if they do a 20, I should do at least a seven or eight. And you don't know if the Ryan Card is. Those guys should be back on Y and F. And then what I just say. Yeah. But not saying it's so confusing. And how come how come they're paying to bring in over here on how 105 which has been up until now, basically another one of these slush music stations where they don't pay anybody. And other spending gigantic bucks to get this indicated time joiners show out of Dallas to put this guy on here in the morning and they're bringing in Ron and Ron over there to put him on in the morning on the AM. But with us over here at WIOD, it's like, well, we don't know. All things totally confusing. By the way, forget the expensive crap. My two favorite gifts I got for Christmas. The I O D calendar and the Buffalo still sucks T-shirt. Yeah. Starting to really wonder about that with a dolphin. Well, some day it'll be good though. Just keep it handy. Some day it'll be good. Some day we'll finish ahead of them. What happened to the dolphins though, Neil? They just went into that. Do we really have to go into this? I mean, it's so I think the second last day of the year. We're only like three days away from their wingland game on Sunday. Do we really have to die? I can't stomach it. Well, I can't take it. I love S1 carrying weaver and man. The whole game is one big car. What do you mind? We just roll. We go back to my den and watch your bandage. Takes us in order to after each day. Right. And in fact, I eat it. Take us to after it. We haven't planned the last couple weeks. We're on the air. Maybe they should be taken a standard to be for the game. It could only help. But maybe we need to get Mercury Morris back because after all, he's got a lot of spare time on his hand. Well, with Mercury, we definitely. We're going to be able to do a couple of Norths for two after every game. Yeah, that's what I just said. Okay. Let's see. Steve DeBurke is a guy. Yeah. Start Sunday. And I can't understand why the. Is there a very word out of who's starting Sunday, Neil? No. You just said it. Because I can't believe that they would actually go into New England. Can I say something to you, sir? What? See you. We have an open line in the day. That's another one of my new year's resolutions. I'm much sure, you know, I could all just crap about being so nasty and people are intimidated. They're afraid to call him in all this other pansy crap. I'm much too nice and much too patient with these people. When somebody starts going, I mean he's a good guy. Just has nothing to say. And he just keeps, uh, I'm, I'm Heming and Hoying and hesitating. And, uh, it's, it's a, uh, it's a killer man. He's killing me. He's killing you. He's killing me. He's killing all of us. So kill him first before we kills the whole show is what I say. It's our new policy. For Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. I'm here to talk a little hockey. Okay. Uh, this Saturday with the ducks. Yep. We're going to come in camouflage and bring duck calls. It ducks season. All right. So let's get him. We want to get the word out. Everybody bring duck calls and let's blast that play. Beauty. About time we get our home record going the other way and that road record is looking terrific. Well, I think I think to range your game, give us the momentum and now this tremendous road trip. And I'm going to tell you after what a lot of people aren't realizing. And I don't want to put a canary on us. But after the game on Saturday, we have got the toughest stretch. Let me give my little schedule out. It is brutal man. Have you seen the schedule? Yeah. I'm going to season taking over. Okay. After this game on Saturday, we got the Rangers on Monday. These are all away games at New York Friday at New Jersey against the Devils. On Saturday at Boston with the Bruins at then we got a few days off. We'll need them for the Thursday the 13th at Pittsburgh against the mighty penguins. And then the 15th at Montreal on the 17th at the islanders. We got three, four, five, six big gigantic away games. And that's going to be the real true test to see if we can really keep it going. And then they come back home against Washington with no piece of cake either. Right. Now we can kick their ass. Oh, yeah. They should have done it the other night, but the tie is better and I'll spot. Yeah. We'll take it. We'll take this tremendous our month of December 7, 2 and 2. But not bad for an expansion team. And I should point out 10 points ahead of the Tampa Bay Lightning. I just mentioned passing. But one thing I got for Christmas was a duck call just for this reason. I went out and bought a couple extra tickets so we could take the kids to the game. Right. And we're going to put down here and blast the duck calls and tell them it's duck season. And that's the way it's going to be. Okay. Go in there and kick some butts. Right. All right. See you Saturday. Bye. See you. Open line in day 751. What on the blue line? 5249463 and one on the world famous bell south mobility star line at Star IOD. Probably it's past noon at WIOD. WSUN. After noon at 2 it's Rick and Suds. Then it's six. It's Sports Talk 610. You talk radio sing. Yeah. Everyone you are. You're a team. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? The dance bag. I can't stand them. Oh. You talk about on the scene. Make the nose clear. You're still not so full and fine. It's six. You're not full. You're not full and you're tired and tired and tired. You're tired and tired and tired. It gets you into some girls. There's no expose. Never touch the eye. Yes. It's sixteen. It's beautiful. And it's fine. All my eyes. It goes crazy. When it's past noon. When it's bigger. It's better again. I'll do my hand. It's such a mess. Who went at blue? The ruin my best it came out of my jeans. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's sixteen. It's so beautiful and it's mine. Go that thing, baby. 12.7 feet in W.I.O.D. Let's do Clearwater. Hello. Hey Neal. Yes, sir. Okay. I want to talk about this line up thing here. Basically, I don't really think the Ron Ron is a good intro for you. We're really. It'd be like remember back in the 80s when Bush had to get someone that was downplayed to make him look good. That is a bunch of shot. Yeah, it's not. But I'm telling you, I think that the B.B. The only person that could lead in the year show would be Howard Stern. There you go. I'm dead fleece areas. I agree. Howard and Neal back to back 20 sheer minimum. Minimum. They have a different type of audience though. Blue collar. More blue collar. Yeah, it's not that intellectual type here. Ron and Ron and jazz back to back with you. There you go. Yeah. That's the same type of material. Yeah. I could just like be in serious. Like a big echoes. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be a sea of contests. Right. But I can stand out in the middle of the 79s because way they could stand out there on a Howard Franklin Bridge. And just yell across and say anything here in reverberated would hit. It would like go right about Lake Oak could show me it would like banging it. Yeah. You like it to make good gigantic thing. It'll echo off the fuel office towers. We have a Tampa Bay. Right. But that's the reality only lead in with for you would be Howard Stern. I think I know this for I'm kissing the ground that they got Ron and Ron in the morning over there. I mean it may not be the greatest but they're very popular for whatever the reason I'm not going to argue with that. I'm going to like relish every list of if I get like an additional 2 points. If I get if I go from a 4 7 and 18 to 34 which probably we do in about a 6 or 7 and men to like an 8 or a 9 and men 18 to 34 we are going to be kicking ass over there believe me. I think you know promotion with no nothing. I think you pick up a few four especially some Jew Fag in Miami and a market that quite frankly doesn't cotton too much to Jews Fags or anybody from anywhere in New York state to be actually doing almost a number over there would be quite a miracle if I do say so myself. Neil I'll say right now. I started listening to you because of uh... friend of mine who told me about you just word of mouth yeah and uh... ever since i started listening to you know it's back before you guys went on to ask them. When ninety five went off for a week yeah did transition thing for that big week if you have a week bone here's a little bone guys. to on it relish it. I've been a loyal listener things i tuned in your show i don't care if the blopster comes on before you or after you. I know when your show is i tuned into your show. So that's the thing you're good enough for people of our caliber that's what i say that one of the you will tune in people who are up to our caliber right i agree with that. and it's it's people are cut out of this kind of cloth people people have to be able to understand it appreciate the show and then that's i appreciate i tune in every day. well how do you sir thank you and i wipe it myself off as we speak. thanks again happy new year happy new year what do you say. see you there we go. we have an open line and browner five. five two four nine four six three one on the green line at syringen as we speak but we're smoking over there in the west coast just an anticipation of run and wrong coming over see we're smoking he said it again. it wasn't talking about c-guards. he's talking about we man weed weed. and you want to know why there are some people who like acting in their pre-pubescent manner i find it just up just our obsessive because it's illegal see we don't talk about smoke and cigars because quite frankly it's not illegal. it's not very exciting even though cigars are like you know it's like having something phallic to keep you satisfied and smiling part of the day. you've been cigars. oh cuban cigars like a little bit too a phallic. but anyway as far as the a weed though see like if we were in Holland and it was like not a big deal because anybody who wanted it could go out and smoke and sit in the cafe or just walk past the cafe and take a whiff and get to your Roma. and there are a few of those narrow streets and nobody would be talking about it because it would not be a big deal. so it becomes kind of like a very childish and it's like the sexual attitude in this country same thing. childish. funny one afternoon at W. I. with the W. S. you. don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. come on you I don't see. sister Mary Catherine keys. you you god ross you you you look like he's from my skin learning how to get years life now you you you you you you you you you you you Ruffler's life is beautiful wax How about an Ewak attack in the out of trouble This life is ruined Yeah, and now it's time to get some Like this is going to be long We can't get enough of victims It's like that I look at him with his pimple head I'm a vote for Ratset's friend Ooh, you're the same You have a lot of stuff that they're rams for the long But I find much more stimulating How does that sound Don't How's it going to sound very strong Don't And that dyke J.P. Morgan Remember when she was on a show all the time that bull dyke J.P. Morgan boys used to There's something about her bug me Too much for me intimidated I guess 1227 a W.I.O.D. And I'm a good guy who could really be great But he's like out of He needs some guidance And he came to the wrong place for that And he's like, I'm a good guy who could really be great But he's like out of He needs some guidance And he came to the wrong place for that Trust me when I tell you he came to totally the wrong place This is a place where they just throw you on Wait for you to do something totally off the wall And wrong and grow test can way over the line And then he say, oh sorry But you're a history Because I think he's got, you know, like Lancet or said about Randy And I should have said this a long time ago to show you What a hypocritical asshole Lancet is I have never seen so much raw talent in my life It's frightening. He said that to me at least three times And this is the same fat sloth that goes on air over her They're in badmouths the crap out of her To the point where he just about decimates her in the Tampa Bay market But he's telling me off the air I've never seen so much raw talent It's frightening The great enleyser of radio talent Mr. Blobster Here is the OVA.Doh, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay sir Neil, what about Orlando and all the three? What about Orlando? What about it? I know Are you coming into this market? I doubt it I heard you were like two or three weeks ago According to home Not just self-rumors flying around Well if I am, it sure is news to me Because I heard two months ago that they were Moist to have me on air on whatever that station Jim Phillips is on And then of course I made the big mistake by leaving in the hands of these assholes Here at Cox broadcasting And like I said yesterday, they don't give a crap about me I mean it wouldn't cost them another dime Because we've already got these 800 lines And we wouldn't have to put another one in And with already just sitting there we've already got the uplink It wouldn't cost these people a dime And it would be tremendous exposure And really add a whole new element of the show And be a lot of fun and they're just sitting on the raft And we're waiting for Bob Neil to move on this They don't care I know it's not You must, if you're going to work for assholes in this business You must have an agent And like I said, that's another resolution for the new year As sometimes this next week I'm going to go out and get me a real agent And I'm going to be interested in my welfare and my concerns And not sit back and wait for the Cox torps to take care of my life Beautiful and one last thing Who won the Toronto Blackhawk game under do you know? I don't think they played Sir See ya We have an open line on the green line 1-800-944-9463 I think all immediate future leaf games have been cancelled due to lack of ability And then Andrew Chuck gets hurt last night That's just what we needed We couldn't score at Kathy Willought's house We couldn't score at a French Horhausen Quebec And Andrew Chuck gets hurt Which is really just what we need to It's the frosting on our ass Here's Kendall, hello Hey Neil Yes sir I'm a 18th-time caller Okay You're welcome people tell you they're first time called you Because they have nothing to say Nobody gives a crap It's boring and it's gratuitous and it sucks All right, well I know this is like verbal foreplay I think what they ought to do is get right to the meat of the matter And stop with all this, you know, a mindless chatter That nobody cares about All right, well it's like they're ricken-sudsting on Tuesday Which they do I, you know the point of it is good to try to encourage new people to call But why do we have to reward people for the first time they call? Neil You want to hand by the way? I'm sorry, go ahead No, I need to talk about some serious Go ahead, trying to talk to different people about it But I can't get a straight answer And when you probably won't get a straight answer on this show Um, yeah, I was molested by Michael Jackson Really? Hey, Neil That damn fact, I can't stand up Yeah Um, you know, we're going to win the dolphin game this week Yes sir, I'm listening We're going to put a big case of Budwells and the end of the line of that Rick Sanchez This fullback Yes, there you go We'll get a fat Rick, okay, Neil See ya We have an open line, it's in date 7519, or 63 By the way, anybody wants us to get some good tips I've been popping a park, get new fat Richie's new tip sheet It comes with its own little gold plate and shovel Right alongside, so you can shovel that horse stuff man Like it's going out of style I don't want to start it, I'm again for more than another hour and a half today Since we only have an hour and a half left But this man is destroying my good times at Pompano Park He really is and I'm sure he's listening right now as we speak And if not, I'm sure he'll hear about it Just keep all your information to yourself It won't even bother me if you've got a $80 horse And you start screaming and throwing around winning tickets after the race I don't care, more power to you, I hope you win every night Great But just I don't want to hear any more of your crap I mean, how gullible can I possibly be to believe that On those 95% of the occasions when the man is up there When I'm there with him that almost all of his information is totally bogus Like that in that grotesque first race and the 12th race And just about every other race last night Except the four to five shots that I don't need any assistance on that We know are going to win by open lengths Those I don't need any help, I can be the program And on those very few nights when I'm not there From then on this night, $800,000, $1200 triple We had this, we had the super with Just on those nights when I'm not there So from now on what's going to happen is I'm going to pretend that I'm not there I'm going to have my own super spies following him to the window And betting on the nights when I'm not there But in the same damn tickets that he gets, betting the same information that he allegedly gets And just see how it comes out in the end You know what I mean? Yeah Hollywood, hello Hey, yes sir Are you doing it? Okay Hey, Rachel Uh Yep Oh, I'm sorry, I get the radio through that Turn that radio down now Yeah, I'm sure that's it Turn that baby down Yeah, alright, Rachel And what kind of children was the year showing the date I'm a AM radio None No children So what's wrong with that? Only children listen to others like 13 or 14 year old girls that call a jazz What's wrong with the language? In between listen to Pearl Jam and their damnit Exactly You'd be at night, late night Right? They wouldn't even believe they haven't even heard yet So I just want to say I'm the first time call a And you'll help a guy Okay And keep it going Happy New Year Bye Open line on the green line in out of town 1800 and 2 in Broward now 1 in Broward 5249463 524Wi Oh Let's get with it man Let's start the new year with another resolution That there will never be an empty line on any show on this radio station How is that for a challenge? You've heard a payphone challenge You've heard a Don and Mike with their bogus rip off of Rick and Suds Phone booth challenge How is this for a caller challenge? Never a single empty line for the entire 1994 How do you like that? Oh What do you think? No Oh We got two of them right now What in Broward? Oh I remember those days 57 consecutive days It was a year ago no Vemper We broke Joe Damasio's record 57 consecutive days When we had an audience on this radio station 57 days I never gave out a phone number We never had an open line The phones kept ringing It was like a challenge The audience lived up to what they were calling They were ringing they were swinging They were doing it they were into it They were a part of our lives Now it's just another one of these cathartic things Where we just hope that we make a comeback Because we're like stepchildren That have been like put a drift in a little raft Out of the sea in the middle of the Pacific Without a compass But boy Gary will be back on Monday So have no fear man Oh everything will be a kosher Because boy Gary will be back from Lewisville on Monday Speaking of faggets There's that David Bowie God he makes me sick Oh look at who this is Boy oh boy Good afternoon It's our old friend Lenn Yes I'll write you Our old friend our old chronic friend Who has to call because he can't come and pass to us We're remote anymore because we don't do any Right now I've been high Have been Lenn Good now I need to get to the meter Please I'm going to try my best to make promos for today and tomorrow Okay I've been practicing although I'm not a singer Is Georgia on the board? Georgia is on the board right now Have a mock to pay for your debt Is that his ear on it right now? Ready? Yeah Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh He's an ozone provocateur Beautiful land Thank you I'm touched Do I make promos? But not enough I don't know Well we'll see if we have nothing else exciting going out of the church As maybe but don't hold your breath Okay He said he said work on it He did say that What was that? Well you were going on a little tinkle Oh That was Georgia's editorial comment Oh He says if you snooze you lose and he's on the verge of both I see Happy New Year, Land Both you two and God bless you and keep it up And God bless it Thank you See a e-marry gentleman We have an open line in the date I wonder what that meant God bless e-marry gentleman Huh? Never trust a gentleman name Mary is what I always said Anyways 1236 and WID There we go with those sexual puns again We should know what to do that And WSUN Tonight after Randy Rhodes It's Don and Mike You're so great you're safe Finn Come on you are guilty Man is son of a bitch It's farting on me here Hey guys If you're single and spend most of your nights alone in your room Why not work out Get to our drifts It's easy with solo flex Solo flex is the high tech workout device That's effective because it works on one muscle at a time In fact, it works on only one muscle But you can set it up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle Yes there's nothing like a session with solo flex To get sweaty and feel good about yourself Tommy, are you in there? Hello? What are you doing in there? Tommy? And when you're done Or if you're interrupted The solo flex folds up quickly and hides in the back of your closet Solo flex in the 90s working out alone Is the safe and healthy way to go Call now for a free hands-on demonstration What is so funny now? What did I miss? What are you a churton about in there? I don't understand it You're laughing at the wrong times There must be something else It wasn't there You almost stopped on it No, I did not You were thinking about it No, I was not Had your mouth open I was thinking about something else Sorry 1240 anyway, out of great Thursday So anyway, how's my friend Sean doing from poppin o park? Boy, you're a hell of a guy, Sean Sean, you know, I bring these people along That listen to this show first They start out little groupies And they come to the remote and all of a sudden They grow up and they blossom in a full manhood And they come and they bring their beautiful Girlfriends to the track like Sean did last night And they make a big mistake by coming by and asking for advice Asking for a tip on a race I'm sorry Sean, don't listen to that fat part Ever again, he's full of it He's full of it Oh, Mike Deeter said he could win this And Kevin, size or said he could win that And Bob Dorny said he could win this And if you put all three of those guys together They couldn't win a fixed race, okay? Here's a South Beach on the Starline, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Yes, I wish you would watch the whole time Lane was you guys put on the radio But I'm a 12 year old daughter here Really? Yeah, yeah Chris, my mom, when you call Why is it? You make fun of my mom when you call you Your mom? Yes Yeah I think it should be a little more polite to her Yeah, and also watch school, Alia pal We have an open line, it's on the Starline Star Are you, Chris, they're probably working on that together Right now Well, that's Fony Fony voice, real good job, paly Here's a mobile in Lakeland speaking of Fony voices Hello, Neil Yes We really aren't dying over here I believe it You sir are absolutely correct About I'd like to refer the front page of our local newspaper Got an article here, flap over dead end signs Just to pick up on the point If you call her to city hall Do not like to call her and say Ver something softer They wonder if it's inconsistent to put up some signs To say dead end Why others say no outlet And for others like one elderly resident I'm dying on the hand Who's dead and street is part of a retirement community But they just take the dead end sign and stick it on his ass He says a sign would be good Or on his apparatus would be good A sign with the word dead has unfearable connotations Right Can you believe it from here? Yes I can That's the kind of stuff that makes big news in Florida Because this is a death now This whole state is dead They ought to put a sign out front It says dead end When you come to the state of Florida This should just be like a gigantic billboard that says Death reign supreme Ah, I agree I agree Or that just says I'm dying on the hand Right They ought to be They ought to be They are That's one good thing to keep in mind is that they are And we'll be here to watch it Yeah Great Bobby Jordan You're no good You can do it in vinegar filled Do you spag Okay See ya We have an open line of dates 7.5.1 What? I'm getting to do it almost as good as he does Now that's getting him pissed off To he's getting really psychotic about that Yesterday he was talking about how humorous it is Do you hear me say that But now Practice makes perfect And I'm working on a real hard And say that too Here's Miami Hello Hi Hello Hello Hello Hello Are you famous? No, I'm not famous at the moment Okay, but you're working on it Yes And being famous too Definitely Okay And Speak to me Speak to me Come on, let's do it Stand what Are you out of material? And what? Are you out of material? Out of material? You are Open line in date 7.519463 Here's Bonnie from Kendall Long time no talk Thank you The Lord for the night time Right Hi, Ben Bonnie Oh pretty good Was Santa good to you Uh, eh Well, it was good to meet Got me a cellular phone I couldn't guess we wanted to go Did he really? Well, wasn't that nice Yeah, but now I can call you from anywhere I don't sit on Santa's lap Because I know all about him Well, you got to watch out For those That white Fuddy stuff And the bells and all the rest That's the thing And Santa too, yeah Yeah, I called you Because you were talking about Smoking Drugara Smoking wine Through a bomb Yeah And I was wondering if you had Ever heard of something called Philly's blunt Yes Oh, you did You mean to say, guys? That wasn't mentioned I don't understand I don't get it Well, it was Philly's blunt Have to do with bongs So that's the way to smoke marijuana Philly's blunt? Yes He was talking yesterday about guys that like Hollow out the middle of the cigar And they stick pot in there and smoke it Yeah, I've heard about that on Howard Show So I didn't know if you would Oh, I must be where he got that from then That's right Okay, everybody Wait a minute, what is it? It's all over It's all over what? Blunts Yeah What do you mean it's all over? Lots of people do that Why? I don't know what it is Why couldn't you put it inside of a swishar sweet? No, I don't know Supposedly that it may get some kind of tobacco That they use, they say you get a better high Oh, please Please, spare me the paint You mean Howard is now talking about Direct like that? Well, no, he was Because one of his guys, uttering John Yeah Was the guy that told him about it Yeah, I know we're studying John puts the blunts You're not kidding, you're not fooling me So they had this whole long discussion about it On one of his shows And I had never heard of it And they think that they can't even keep these cigars on the shelf You and I'll childly I mean let's get a life already for crying out loud Go get the newspaper and roll up a big one And do your thing I just can't deal with it I just can't deal with it It's so prepubescent already I got over that stuff a year ago No, I mean I don't care I don't give a crap on anybody Does if they're smoking it by the pound I don't care But it's just it's not amusing And it's not entertaining It's just ponderous It's like an obsession If you're going to be obsessed with something Be obsessed with something that's like stimulating Like me, yeah Now you're exactly there you go Right Well anyway that was about it All the other thing I have listened to Who's that guy that jazzed? Jazz my studio Oh god I don't know Really bogus If yes me Bogus Yeah It's sort of like listening to cousin Brucey Yeah exactly With better hair though All he's Much better hair He looks like the portrait of Adrian Adrian messenger Adrian messenger Anyway I don't think you're out of material bond I'm out of material but you have a good new year And the same to you Okay And bottoms up See ya See ya Open line and day See a woman can't really do that Could we have a woman who could really do that well Do you think between now and two But probably one of another woman called the whole day Except maybe some of those little 13 year old girls That are playing grab ass with each other's apparatus While they're listening to Pearl Jam and their jam in it Just a woman just don't have the balls And this all of maybe in could probably do Wouldn't that be great? She could have a new signature that might even get her back One of her earlier newscast on Channel 10 When grandma finishes doing the news Just before she hops out to step into her diesel truck See ya What is this thing? What does she say at the end of the news? She's got something she does I never watched She does the sign language thing Oh yeah that's boring grandma Nobody wants that Okay even Helen Keller'd be embarrassed by that Forget the sign language Do like A real good macho thing Sure as I'll put that Brian Norcross to shame 1248 at WIOD in WSUN Today following sports talk 6 to end It's Randy Rose New stock radio safety Hey, Kribe WIOD 1251 in WID We're just talking a little bit about the Phillies blunt thing Which I have no interest in It's one of those things It's like a throwback to stuff that was going on 20 years ago When little juvenile people were experimenting with all kind And like I said if you want to do childish crap It's a lot more fun to stick a Reese's peanut butter cup Inside a jelly donut It's like Dom Deloise Get the honey, John here See that's something that I could think my teeth into But anyway, let's do a palm harbor Hello Hey Neil Yeah That's a good river Okay bro Hey I got a few points They like to touch on it Yes sir touch on this Okay whip it out my friend Listen then That rivalry That asshole still has speda Yes Between the Panthers and the White What rivalry is that The one where the Panthers win won three games and tied the other one Very very disappointing Yeah I'm not very pleased Probably even more disappointing that the Panthers are ten points ahead And have a gamer to hand on the lightning who are holding up the rear Well that's good for you guys Yeah I'm happy for you Well that's because we got a real team What can I tell you Hey we've got a bunch of dummies skating around Phantom team Hey I like the guy who said bring the dot call That's a good idea Yeah Do you know they're not playing over here Yeah Listen I'm wondering Do you think a bunch of rights being saying that Pretty song earlier? No No No No And another thing Let me ask you what's the point of your call sir What's wrong? I'm going to wish you a happy New Year And same to you We have an open line on the green line 1-800 and 1-800 and 1-800 Broward 5-2-49-463 Let's do Carl Spring Hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir I want to do a little predicting for you for your friends at Cox broadcasting Yes It's more likely that you're going to That you'll ever get Howard And I'll tell you why If it's more women it's more likely More unlikely Because if you and Howard are going to get a 20-year Why are they going to spend money against their own good money With time's runner up Different audience But still I mean It's not going to have to The white audience are going after the jam's audience Yeah, but it'll be a little bit It'll overlap a little bit Yeah But I don't think so How many brothers you think are listening to Howard? How many black people do you think we got in this audience? True Very, very few Not all black's are listening to how 105 though But I mean from their stand Hold me well, man Okay Fair enough Well, I got to shame with your crest Okay I'm just trying to keep my hopes up Okay Your version of the Michael Jackson Press conference, speech or whatever Yes, the funniest thing I've ever heard of my life P in the pants Definitely Okay Okay Here's Michael saying See you See you But if I am guilty of anything It is of giving all that I have got All that I have to give My penis My brother My lord torso Thighs In any other error That they wanted to help children all over the world That damn fact I can't stand up Just isn't complete a lesson of toy It gets her two cents Unless she gets her lex We have two open lines at Broward And we haven't even started the New Year yet We're practicing for our New Year's resolution And we have two open lines at Broward See leave it to them to be the ones who put the thing in the wheels And the spokes 5249463 Let's do Tampa Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Okay, let's do a plantation Hello Hello Oh Oh Get your ass in here, jazz It's almost to a clock Let's try a lady in Tampa, hello Hi, New Year And the same to you Thank you Unfortunately I think there's a small flaw In your logic if I can say that regarding Ron and moron Yes It seems like And I've been living in Tampa for quite a while And all of the teeny boppers in this area You used to listen to Ron and moron Which over to 98 crock in the morning Uh-huh Even when Ron and Ron were still on 95 Really? Yeah Well don't tell Cox broadcasting that because they're trying to pedal us as song in a dance That Ron and Ron are going to double digits That when they left the air over there They were still a hottest thing since Talavine, Jerusalem I don't think so Really? You know, obviously I'm not in the business So I haven't seen any of the numbers Right But you know there was talk of contract A few innocent add and it's really hard to say But I do know that When I was when I was that age When I really got into all of the Ron and moron Crap when I thought it was a funny Penny Faxio Yes It wasn't cool to listen to AM Mm-hmm So I really don't see you know That too many of that age Bracket are going to be switching over to AM Unfortunately Well wouldn't it be a moron Wouldn't that be something Yeah, I think that you know I think it'd be hilarious Although you won't be getting that roll over effect So I can't speak for them Because I just don't see their act at all I just don't understand the big attraction I will say this If Howard were on whether he's on AM Or FM or shortwave Even though he's been declod to a great deal I'm not as funny as he used to be In spite of that I wouldn't care where he was on Because the living and breathing people Would make an effort to find him And it wouldn't make any difference Whether it was cool or uncool Because they want to hear what he was doing Oh sure exactly There are a few people like that Oh and if I wanted to If I wanted to And I'm not sure there are one of them But we'll find out one Yeah, but I mean if I wanted to hear that Crap I'd go home and I You know I turn on public access or something You know I'm talking about Ron and more I'm not stir Yeah But you know so I really don't see what So yes you wouldn't try and do Other than you know Drive away all of the listeners That really got into Rick and Fud Because obviously like you've been saying over and over again That's all we're getting is like People are I had the one guy before who said Bob's okay but he's going to miss Rick and Suds but most of the people have been saying that They're really deep press because they would like Rick and Suds and blahbo is going to put him into a Call my and probably The dial into another position and he Afternoon At two o'clock every afternoon I'll be I don't know what I'm going to do I have to go listen to sports or something Or find a life for something Yeah exactly But have a good new year And congratulations on the Panthers I am a lightning fan and you know what can I say Well it's nice it's nice to be doing well It really is Enjoy why I don't laugh because I know Because a second year team it ain't fun Even for a long time for your team like the leaf It don't last forever Yeah for a week Okay see you My oh not bad We have an open line if she would like to Drinking a lot more whiskey and do a lot more hits on that Bong she'd be doing a lot better Yeah Get away down there Wait down deep honey Let's do my me Lays on the starline hello Happy third to you body Yeah third Green sox Thursday Listen to me I am so tired to turn all the belly aching About how bad the dog sucks Every Monday after every game Well isn't it pleasant though that I've avoided much conversation about that today Because I can't take it After every Monday after every loss next season Instead of calling it sports dog We're going to call it Shivatox Yeah all they do is bring in the minion Bring in the filet minion And and and this asshole cocks happens to live in my community in Cooper City Yeah And then when I go buy him something at his house Good Anyway I'm tired of it There's something about that name man It just seems to carry a certain thing around it A certain sense of psychosis Maybe if he changes his name he'd be a straightness asshole Can you imagine if we had the other line back or we had Zucker And we had that quenella going Yeah And man dog And the mad dog slips up And hog you know what I'm saying Right Anyway You do have a couple of blackies listening to you one of them is in my warehouse right now Reggie your listening your an asshole Neil please play I'm going to start on it right now Wrap on it That's a little bit You can fit them for the break I could Come on You want a bet? Please manage Yes Yes Man it's saying I'm going to start on this film And I'm going to wrap it all your long And enclosing And enclosing I will see The new Roger show To talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward 524WIOD Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD And bell self mobility customers Make it a free call By dialing star IOD Now I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film I'm going to start on this film Chefügger orchestra IOD Oh So Sir Sir Sir Lieutenant Sir Sir We're from V Powell We have never found something to go The fuzz loves dope We've always been Far from here Far from here Guy and Brian Maskele She's in my accent Once in one get thrown on rest Jesus breaks our back Jesus passes through the head We never shall have a judge Once in one get thrown on all Jesus takes shit all The fuzz loves dope We've got you in the grass The fuzz loves dope It likes this fucking man The fuzz loves dope He's a groupie, he's a The fuzz loves dope The fuzz loves dope Far from here Far from here Far from here Guy and Brian Maskele She's in my accent Once in one get thrown on rest Guy and Brian Maskele She's in my accent Far from here Fuzz can so can be a joke And narrow on his boat The fuzz loves dope Guy and Brian Maskele She's a fuzz loves dope He likes this fucking man The fuzz loves dope He's a groupie, he's a groupie The fuzz loves dope The fuzz loves dope Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah The fuzz is getting high Yeah The fuzz is getting high The fuzz is getting high The fuzz is getting high The fuzz loves dope Guy and Brian Maskele The fuzz loves dope He likes this fucking man The fuzz loves dope He's a groupie, he's a groupie The fuzz loves dope The fuzz loves dope The fuzz loves dope The fuzz loves dope He's a groupie He's a groupie He's a groupie He's a groupie He's a groupie He's a groupie One awaiting WWE You know what the thing about the Fully's One said we're talking about before Many folks believe once the boat Facts is from the Jazzman Thank you so much sir Anyway Anyway, what does it say? The same old people at the play last We can't project your breakdown Leeds to theater melee Here's another one of these great stories That only could happen in sound Florida Employees retreat to locked orifice The breakdown of a project During a Wednesday showing of Schindler's list Resulted in a near right Which frightened theater employees Locked themselves in an office To escape the angry audience The crowd calmed down with the arrival of three Patrol cars from the Palm Beach County Sheriff's office We almost had a riot Said dog gefland Assistant manager of the Thank you Of the shadowwood square 12 theaters Do the intersection of Glaeds Road And US 441 in Boca It was very close Gelfan said He and the other employees Said about 30 of 360 patrons in the theater During the 445 PM show Cause most of the travel Complaining about the sudden breakdown 40 minutes into the film And demanding refunds It was their conduct That delayed refunds of the early show tickets 4 dollars for adults 375 for seniors They were creating a dangerous situation For employees Another member of the audience He said At the height of the disturbance Gelfand and five other employees Locked themselves in an office At the theater One of my ticket takers Was in tears he said No arrests were made Another act of civil disobedience By our soft Florida seniors beautiful Now let me see this When Neil when you start making a third of what Ron and Ron get paid Then you can open your big mouth See ya Says the facts okay Well isn't that beautiful How about if I start making a third of what Larry King is making Okay and he blows the big one too So what does that mean I don't understand it In other words Your talent is based on how much you're making Is that what the deal is I'd like to be making ten times how much Ron and Ron are making And I'd like that I'd like to be making half of what Howard is making All right What does that have to do with anything Because I listen to Ron and Ron And I'm going to say it again and again and again They're eight much there maybe okay So see ya Anyway Let's do a port seat Loosely hello Hey don't Okay Hey you got to work on this line up here Yes Okay Why is Randy still on a night when you got this guy jazz on during the day He's just he's really not cutting it He's filling in Well, he's going to be filling in for her next week For her Yeah She's going to be on vacation next week He should go on for her a wash While she's filling in for Rick and Sads And getting ready to move into the afternoon That's an excellent idea But of course it would make much too much sense Oh I see Because Randy has it like put her in her time And she does it just your way Randy is great Okay, I mean it's just reached the point in my mind It's not even worth debating Randy is great You can hear it in her promos You can hear it in five minutes of your show She's a funny person She's a long she fits She's dynamite She has paid her dues and she deserves the opportunity She's filled in that spot before Donna McNiff is in job She's the kind of funny bitch that people would have a great time And laugh out loud in the car And run away home and have to do and drive And it's very simple And that's why it's not happening Because they're sitting around They're busy sitting around We're worrying about hot 105 And they're worried about the WSU went But WIEOD Which they've spent a lot of time screwing around Within messing around They just can't quite seem to get off their ass And do something Which we're still waiting for the shoes to drop So it's nice that they look out for people who have been taking care of When you guys are putting out like six watts in the middle of the night Right So you just definitely end for the afternoon Is that a fact? Of course not Well, what makes you say that? I have whole idea I hope I have no idea Okay, well, you need to get ready You need to get ready You need to get ready You get the pole there I have no pole I already told them that right to their post the other day They asked me I told them And now I hear nothing else They discussed nothing with me Nothing But they did ask and that was my suggestion And it was probably a mistake Because whatever I suggest they immediately do the opposite Well, I don't know what the camp of markets like But over here you got to get ran down there in the day I mean I can't hear her up here at night When you guys are putting out an old power Amen Okay, and furthermore If there's any mighty doctors that came We're going to have Yeah The gunshot All right, much Okay And you need to bring in the bird That'll help things out Let's not think about that It's only Thursday, please Can we? No, we really do need a mental cooling out From that whole dolphin thing from that syndrome We need some time We need some space Okay All right, have a good one Go Panthers See you See you I'm trying to stop doing that And I can't stop it We have an open line of dates 7 519 463 1 13 WIOT WSUN The latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour Plus an update on traffic And the current weather forecast WIOT Hey, Niel! F*** you! More than Olson for STD Hi, Bob, hi, Merlin You feelin' alright? You're covered with running sars I think I'm going blind too Sounds like syphilis Merlin Good be Somebody just sent me this lovely STD Pick it up bouquet The STD pick it up bouquet That's right, Bob A selection of feed treat issues Each containing a virulent and highly contagious sexually transmitted disease Who would send you something like that? Oh, X, Y, F, Disgretel, girlfriend Good be any number of people You know, I played pro ball for a number of years And there's a lot of casual sex in the road Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about you Yeah Spread the joy And the germs With an STD pick it up bouquet STD It's the next best thing to be there Doing it 116 WIOD And let's do a mobile in Miami Hello Yes sir How are you sir? Okay That pants again I had that's been rescheduled It's true What game? The Yanohan game No Okay, I had a rescheduled to noon That's what he made rescheduled That's the time it always was going to be Oh, I'm going to take it at the 735 Really? Yeah No chance No way When did you get that ticket? Well, when I got my seat and ticket Oh, well, I don't know My schedule says 1205 It's always just going to be in 1205 And maybe when they printed them up the very first time It was going to be But trust me when I tell you it's at noon 1205 Okay If you mind if people come by to game and say hello You don't want to be found Not in the least They always come by They're always very friendly and they're great They're wonderful and no problem Great, welcome We'll see you there Okay And say up Bye Open line in day 751 He did so well Why would I even try to upstage him? Let's do medley Hello Yes sir Are you doing sir? I just wanted to let your colors and people are listening to you Supposedly doff if I said Mitchell is starting It was on the sports page on Wednesday No I'm going to doff if I'm in a series I think the picture just started here It's on page 10b Oh, no So, Scott Mitchell is starting a game on Sunday No I think the playoff hopes are down to two with Mitchell starting What is going on there is She will have got a little something going on What's Scott or is he just like that haircut? What is that? I don't know but I think the only chance For he's stuck to join out on Monday He was pathetic What are you going to get the ball to the experience man? Right And if the only chance I think the very Especially up there in the wind and the cold and the snow and the friend Don't forget the great game that theberg played in those conditions In Dallas Played a great game Yes That's who I am I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys Well, there you go You know what I'm talking about He played with the he did No, but I'm saying that game Toberg played a hell of a game Now, honestly, he would be experienced And of course, he experienced that he has With this type of climate I think the version would be the starting Well, maybe like this last guy said Maybe he's got confused with the dolphin game Maybe this game has been rescheduled for another season Maybe that's it Could it be our only hope And it could be really ugly sir Could be really ugly Sir, could the other Chairs that they might have The winning is that if Tom and I have a dog and Guy, we see and get lost or something Yeah, yeah, if the whole coaching staff Mrs. the bus might not be bad Maybe you can arrange a little hijack on a way to Foxborough Yeah, and a little Oh, I got the Yeah, well a friend of mine that the WeaSmego are used to See So, ready to get a intensive This weekend until the WeaSmego I haven't heard a lot of the sounds But most of the sounds are great You'll get into a big time, trust me Yeah, and also with that action With the core bed and the more thing And show you those issues That the core bed is faster because the core bed Hit the Shaveat first Exactly And in closing Go What? Two open lines are both in Day 7519-463 Let's do my Emmy our last date Call a course hello Hey, yeah This is how are they seasoned right? I get a call from my crazy uncle Haven't seen him in years Yeah So he's just come on up Visit me Been a couple days and he lives out in the country Where was this? It's up in Ohio Oh Let's not pinpoint anymore than that Okay So I go, I fly up I get there And he's disabled And he's got this guy Lizz with him to help some You know, get around and stuff he's in a wheelchair So I get in and the disabled guy I mean, his helper Now, wait a minute, the guy that helps him out Is disabled? No, no, my uncle's disabled Yeah, you sure now Right, sure about that Exactly So some guy who lives with him Right And he helps him out Give him a helping hand So it's a peep I'm following it, okay So I show up at the door You know, take care of right from the airport Show up at the door The man serving whatever you want to call him Greets me He says the uncle's, you know, doing whatever Go up to your room Get ready for dinner, take a shower, whatever So I'm taking a shower I'm singing a ring Singing in the shower My favorite song Like Malcolm McDowell Singin' in the ring Yeah So I come down to dinner And he says, try the wine I come down to dinner Yeah Nobody there Okay, in the dining, but there's a place But get it Yeah So I sit down, I start eating In my red and white bathroom Well, I must be getting really slow, you know I'm in my red and white bathroom I'm eating them, feeling good Very comfortable All crazy uncle in the wheelchair Mm-hmm Okay, come rolling down the ramp Okay, and I'm sitting there eating I said, I apologize for starting without him You know, there's nobody here, I'm hungry I say to no problem Why don't you just try the wine And I try it What? Oh, I blew it there Mine was better than yours was Try the wine Oh, my better I'm sitting here watching it I rented it I Dr. Here and you talk about it Yeah And I didn't even know where that wine came from And you ever seen that movie before? No Oh, my God, one of the greatest movies ever Clockwork Orange? It's cool man I don't even know where that wine I've heard that cart before I don't know where it comes from And you see that thing that was hanging down From Alcoma, Darwin They like, we're putting the prison uniform on there Right What was that thing? I don't even want to have it again That's right But I'm putting your finger on it I'm listening, listen, I'm listening You're watching the flick And that I heard that cart before And the guy, so far I did it Like Pavlovi and in my mind I got caught I picked up Where's the other cart yours The long one, it says, food okay It's got the It's got the right thing Because I stopped it right there And it's been on hold for like 25 minutes Putting it on pause Yeah To roll that thing Is that what he says next It's got like wound up real tight Where the hell is that other Cart where he says a food alright? And the guy is trying to line It's got kills me When he hears something And singing in the rain And the tough He starts spazzing out And you see the veins His whole head turns Not red but purple And you see the veins popping out And his forehead that's a beautiful thing And you know what this guy reminds me of You know what he is He's jazzing the cake Success Possible Possible Wait a minute here we go Here it is Poop Or right It's hilarious Man it's hilarious Anyway Wait Right Right That's right before he's just crying And crying the wine Oh beautiful Oh man it's funny I guess you won't be singing at song I'm gonna shower anytime soon again I don't know where I'm going I won't be wearing my red and white bathroom I need to stick to get it Exactly Alright man See ya We have two open lines They're both in date 7519463 123 WiodD WSUN The bad gummitted's almost two years Even off the cold ran And find out about the appropriated tire For her new years even Extravaganza Hello Hey there ran How you doing? Hi ran That's my machine I'm not here Because I had to run out to play my new year They've extra beganza So this Friday night is gonna be great I'm getting food from Pizza law Tom and the world's best pizza And then we have to dart out to party Supermarket with nine Convenient self-floor to locations I'm sure I can find one to happily serve me We've invested you to Tom And after the very busy holiday season Maybe I'll get back to you Nice message ran Not Hey next time you sell out at least get more than pizza And party favors, okay? How about getting some bear? Hey look, Blacktime Blue jeans okay for that jagoon to party A year's oh yeah, no bring the dick Clark earmuffs for everybody, okay? Bye New Year's E-Mine We'll ring it in alright We'll ring it in so loud your ears will bleed It's Randy Rhodes New Year's E-Vix Traveganza Live on news talk radio 610 W-I-O-D Renewn it too, it's Rick and Suds Then it's 6, it's Sports Talk 610 You're talking to your safety Boy Come on you are guilty You let pass all my hang gold break You know I need to put down my... He's back And he's stalking a psycho who wants to make the Chicago Cubs pennant contenders Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carrey How everybody is Harry Carrey was Steve Stone And the cops are getting this beat out of the bag Clint Eastwood gives a whole of fame performance As the legendary Cubs broadcaster There's action The pitch Strike it to the... He's through that small right pass clock And it's suspense And... Maybe it could be... It is a... No rhyme Throwman's Oh look at that Don't let Broad Steve Only couch Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry Carrey Coming to a theater near you Hey Nio, f**k you 127 at W-I-O-D We do have an open line of day Where they just don't seem to catch on to fast At the 7519-463 Here's Loots Hello No? Yes Can I think of Pinky? Oh god Here's the North Miami Beach Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Yes Hi, hi, do I Okay Yes, I just went to save Jauges great But please stop the Titi bars Talking about the Titi bars, you know Yeah, no more Titi bars, Jaes He's another room, he said no more Okay, happy New Year He said he's going to all gay bars this year He wants to be Brian Norcross Happy New Year to South Florida And back to Atchess here What do you got a little grab ass going on over there What? Well, no, I just knew my wife She's got a CEO for you You want to hear it? She's got a one? She's going to say CEO for you Okay Hold on Hello Hello Hello Hi How are you doing? Fine I'm not a material But I'm going to just say See you Okay All right Bye A little week About another pint I think I'll do it What alcohol? We have an open line It's in Broward 5249463 Let's talk about drinking beer through a straw When I was in Boston, see the Ha ha ha ha ha I just, I don't know I'm just not ready to go back to the college Foot fraternity mentality What the football is the same thing College football and a college fraternity mentality And there's some people that just want to claim to that You know, there's some things I'd like to claim to But then he did Here's a Hollywood hello Hello Yes sir Says on the screen It says on the screen here Punk and Hollywood are you a punks sir No Okay, George says you're a punk Oh Can you please play that Michael Jackson thing for my dad? Which one is that? We're talking to the kids We're talking about the kids You mean the little bit where he's talking with the press conference Yeah Yeah Just a little piece where he's talking Yes Well, what do you think about Michael sir? Guilty your innocent Guilty Guilty yourself Fry his ass right Yeah Okay See ya But if I am guilty of anything It is of giving all that I have to have All that I have to give My penis My brother's My Lord torso Thighs In any other error That they wanted to help children all over the world Okay An office enough already with that I got to get credit to George by the way He did put that together There's far far to clever and far to nimble for an old far like me We do have an open line It's in Broward 5249463 Let's do Palm Beach on the Sterlin Hello Hey Neil? Yes sir Okay Okay What is icing No no no this is something real Who wants more is Richard? Yes The end of the game The players are given like a A card or whatever that will tell them that they're Plus 12 minus 4 is like a grading as the holiday play They're given a card They're given a group gift to how they play Well they're not No they are not What are they given? What is the plus 12? An animal That it's got nothing to do with them being given That has to do with how many goals are scored While they're on the ice four or against Oh really Yeah that's just a statistic It's got nothing to do with something they're given like a A little uh Brownie pointer something like that That's just a statistic Oh okay And it has to do in other words If a guy's got a good plus number that means that his team is doing Well when he's out there And they're not playing like a human Sov and he's a good defensive player and a good scoring player And the team does well when he's out there Like Jodie Hall is got a good plus number And some of the other Panthers If he's got a minus that means he's like a human And the other team scores like at Will when he's out there on the ice Oh great Okay All right thanks for your heart Okay Back to you Open line on the star line at star iod Or we could call up John Moynihan and he could probably go into a big like 25 Minute exploration that easily And probably most of it would be wrong Here's a Sarasota hello Hello? Yes sir Neil Yes All right Okay Uh, here we go I'm down here in my case From From where? From where? From Kentucky Yeah Host country Yeah And I've been noticing all these people from Canada Yeah Canadian Ancestors, yes Yeah, maybe films should play for Tampa For a lightning Yeah What do you think about that? Okay We have an open line in We have an open line in Wallys from Kentucky What do you want? Open line on the green line 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 And one on the star line star iod Let's go to Tampa Hello Tampa Going once Going twice I'll re-videarch As soon as you mentioned lightning They all went dead in Tampa Listen I want to say this to you Okay, no a lot of you people got your out of town Relatives in town You put on a radio and all listen to this This is really great And that's wonderful Okay, turn them on to this show To the entire radio station Great Marvelous Given something to do because basically You have no lives anyway But don't put them on a phone to call us And try to be cute and clever Because to be honest with you A lot of these yahuas from Kentucky And Ohio and Indiana And wherever else they come from They're not too interesting To say the best Sub Okay Shuler getting a little exercise Today, huh? Getting really worked up about it Open line on the star line Star iodil on a green line And 1 800 Now what can I let that go? We had a very good point I thought he was right on target Oh, exactly And we can't let it go See there's not even even truth as the defense Doesn't uphold your right to say things I mean he said basically the dolphin suck shot is what he said And he's right The big one gigantic one Even John Holmes would be impressed But we just can't let that go out on a year Because we live in a very very sheltered And very freshness to society And we can't say crap on the year Until after two In fact, the jazz promises me that he's going to be saying Shut several, I almost set it myself There's several times the Saturdays Almost got me converted I came very close I did have to dump myself once this morning I had to dump Eric idle on that thing And he's got me one over See, I'll be all if you can win over these people I'm all for you I'll build a monument to you out front If you can get them away from all this Pretty crap, okay? But you gotta understand You're working for a bunch of people from Atlanta A bunch of nose pickers, okay? A bunch of, if you ever seen Bob Neal Have you ever seen the corporate lat Oh man He's about three feet tall And he's not, he looks and sounds like unbelievable David Paul Same mentality Can, for main tree Which you ought to know about that movie One of your favorites They were up there in Aintree And they would together David Paul and Bob Neal And Bob Neal is a little nose picker Oh gee, we don't want to put anything sexual on here That's where we get in trouble They think sexual, sexual connotation That's why they put Ron and Ron on it As you went We don't want anything sexual on here So don't not only say crap But don't even think about it Unless you just taken one downstairs And smear it all over the wall 135 at W-I-O-D and W-S-U-N Not probably a good segue into this spot So let's just pretend I didn't just say that Let's look at Time Magazine Man, I got it in my hand right now And the magazine too In the brand new issue with Time Magazine January 30th, 1994 They got the top exciting things of the past year One of those little compendiums of the most exciting Inventions and Concepts and new ideas of 1993 And on the list of the top 10 no less Is Madness Ice Cream It says for aging boomers who want to have it both ways Ruben Madness introduced Well maybe the perfect treat Low fat ice cream With no chalky fat substitutes Or bulking agents to spoil the flavor Their frozen dessert tastes like the real thing It contains only 3% fat Versus 16 to 22% fat for super premium brands Like Hagen does So in other words you can still have that great taste A real smooth creamy delicious ice cream Without all the fat in the crap and all the garbage in there And have yourself just a whale of a time So enjoy all nine incredible flavors of Madness Ultimate Premium and low fat ice cream That's M-A-T-T-U-S Cookies and cream and caramel crunch and chocolate Chocolate cookie And let in cherries and vanilla meringue And coffee or honey And we're waiting to leave with honey Look for Madness Ultimate Premium low fat ice cream And the bright red and gray pints Wherever fine ice creams are sold Madness Ice Cream Not associated with Hagen does Don't miss the weekend magazine Featuring the latest news Information trends and what's happening This Saturday and Sunday morning right here This is right for a few senior writers with the Hockey News They don't come any better than Neil Rogers And why PD Blue They call it shocking But all day did was throw in a couple of mild cusswords And a butt shot You can get that on cable So we've taken it one step further And a gritty news show that'll change television forever And fuck why pass me those arrest reports And you go take what's this douche ball Hey, boy me From the producers of NYPD Blue It's NYPD Blommie The cop show where every scene is written With nonstop gratuitous obscenities Guarantees Give me my wallet back you scum suckin' horn You can't cop, you know how much a bus is fancy Sorry I have a million you filthy slut Hey, Blommie NYPD Blommie We're breaking new ground to become the most unpleasant show on television Hey Blommie Hey, Blommie Now you're going first NYPD Blommie If you don't like it, hey, Blommie NYPD Blommie Because cable's kicking our ass Whoooo What do you want till two at WID? We just about kicked this thing in the ass today Not too bad we're getting finally we get over the new year We'll get all past that and then we can go on to live in a life and finding out Just exactly what's going on here And everything will come back down and hit the ground And we can, you know, be like for real maybe Just maybe Because 1993 thanks to the new regime here has been like a throwaway Like a living night Mary And let's hope that we can overcome it Here's a mobile and Saint Petersburg Hello Hello Yes sir We have got to do some about the inflexities refugees coming from New York Yeah We have to desensitize them and actually teach them how to live like we're Ritting us and back, he telling us how great things are back home Because if it was great back home, they certainly wouldn't be Vacuating in the world that they are Wouldn't be evacuating in your face Is that what you're saying? Yeah, we'd realize what the huts and river is The biochemical of the... Yeah, sure let me ask you something How long is your index finger been stuck in that left nostril? Not been there, I'm kidding I'm serious Seriously about what? Seriously about these You don't have any New Yorkers You don't have any New Yorkers You don't have any New Yorkers You don't have any Sir He's history More on We have an open line on a green line 1-800-944-9463 Let's go to and it's because of him over there That nobody from New York would go there in the first place Here's Hollywood, hello Hey Yes sir Yeah The jab song yesterday Yeah That was a famous hammer material Really? Yeah You gotta go to the tape It was somewhere else I'm not gonna go through the tapes That's not my job I'm not here to censor the jazz vacation I have a dystasum believable If it was something good though I might want to hear it It was pretty interesting Yeah I called up I don't know if he was having a fight with his wife or something Yeah, he has to Do you see if a couple of times on that? No, no Yeah Just was telling what he should do Take route the dinner Yeah How long's we're on the bed? Right He's higher up Well I'll say it Nice way He said that he would have to do the oral feed Like six times in a row Yeah It was almost You gotta hear it Yeah I just lost my appetite pal Yeah Okay He's talking to the wrong guy Oh man We have an open line today It's like see Ever since I've been a little kid I've had this a version of fish Open line a day 7.51 and one on the green lines 1.89449463 Don't forget Now we got at least a couple of things Out of our four stations here in the two markets We got four stations, six stations I'm sorry God, they were expanding like crazy We got two FMs and an AM And a partridge and a pair of three Hot 105 Spendin billions It billions big bucks Time joiners Starts Monday morning Hot 105 from 6 to 10 I have a feeling there aren't three people Listen to the show Who have any idea who Tom Joiners They got a better chance in knowing Whiley joiner Then Tom joiner Or whiley Phillips even And of course Monday also on WSUN Ron and Ron Ron and Ron Oh there we go On WSUN Starting Monday morning So I'm sure they're going to be Billboards and tremendous Geographic full page Newspaper ads And here at Wild Like I said We're just kind of sitting back Waiting and waiting and waiting And waiting Cutlerage Hello The actual terminology The jazz McKay youth Yes Was carpet munching Carpet munching Carpet munching Like is in one of those nets What do they call those things That eat carpeting Muff Muff would be good Now not a moth There's like something that gets down On its hands and knees And crawls around A little tiny thing Like a moth to a flamer Right to a flamer Perhaps Uh huh Uh huh There are flamer Who get down on their hands and knees And eat things that is true Well I don't know I guess the carpet munching Is better than like Pupu munching Pupu munching Yeah That would really be pretty well Unless you're having a pupu platter Like at the mic Well If I have We ever eaten it to my client For a lot or no? Nobody has had a very A metamorph Okay, well I think you get one of those Two while you watch that The little Hawaiian show I'm waiting for the two for one special Uh huh And they send you to a movie At a theater where they're going to Shut the film off in the middle So you can watch a scene You sit and ride Oh and they can't be any of my one See the because I just get my nipple So hot Okay Oh I see it We have an open line It's in date 7519463 On all pornographic radio That's going to be the new format They got nothing to say We say screw them Okay, they're busy worrying about hot 105 And WSUN And the coast and the coast on the west coast and the coast on the east coast And all the other crap Or just taking over here Okay We're just going to have a good time We're going to have a few laughs and screw everybody else And Adam Looney Here's a mobile and Tampa Hello Yes Three doing Okay Let me get a branch out of Florida Soon I hope Really? No And the radio show too Yeah Cool I just want to say happy new year Okay, get a new phone Well, get on in the bad area here I know And I'm masturbating Really? Yeah Good See you Later Well, it sounded like you had something to say Okay Well, it sounded like you had something over the phone We have an open line It's in the green line 1,800, 9,449,446 Probably a guy read Howard's book right there Definitely a guy read Howard's book First chapter that's all about it So guys, listen to Howard show And he's in the car And he's got the gear shift There's something stiff in his hand Let's do poppin'o Hello On go Neil Yes sir Haven't talked in a while How you been? Pretty good How you been? Pretty good That's the important thing Everybody knows how I been Good Good I just called the Wishua Johnny Dark, how you doing Johnny beautiful sure These weren't his trademark Pladsured today Red and Green from Kmart Beautiful The same one Same one he's been wearing for months Yeah Just called the Wishua happy new year And the same to you And can I say something in favor We're a great president of up in Washington About one About a great president of Washington Sure Go right ahead Well, it just seems like here we did you hear that His ratings, popularity ratings are going up Yeah And the economy is improving The ratings sales are up on employment Is down you hear this every day? Up and down right up and down Which is what he does best Evidently Well listen I don't care what he sleeps with I mean either Who sniffs his jocks trap? I don't care about that Exactly now when you hear that ugly But you know you keep hearing these Dush bags like Lardass and Mr. Ego and his Deviated septum site kick over there Telling us that the country is going down the tubes Not if you don't Not if you don't waste your time not listening to that Crap that you don't have to be exposed to We don't have to worry about it Anyway I just want to cause kind of people assholes for the new year Yeah You know what I'm saying? Uh and uh you're in asshole Okay Has it asshole Yeah And uh You know wait a minute I want to have a great time Pral get out of here I just want to say this right now And I'm really serious about this I have been on here I go out on a limb for this bitch at night Okay I mean I really go out on a limb for my friend the goddess I'm pushing like crazy And I'm really sincere and I think she ought to get the afternoon I play one little asshole And this Adam and Randy and Jim This little triumvirate We got there tonight there are so possessive like the invented that Like the invented the word okay They got I can go into this computer I what I have with Randy's voice I have Broward That's it that's the only thing I have So when we play the promos I put that in there like punctuate But when we got in here we got Neil say And uh we got the car this Randy wrote she is the best thing that's happened to Randy Oh man In the last 50 years Or then we got okay so I'll be an asshole alright Yeah And then we got uh she's also a foul mouth the old bitch And then we got who's a lot of fun Randy's infectious Yeah like a disease Randy's infectious Like a disease I want the inside story on that Tradiculous It is Conjuring that image up Jim with force can Jim without force can is gruesome enough But with Oh Oh Man Grootess God almighty what a enormous pickle Look at the size of that pickle man Woo I want my porno is nurse ratchet Racykotic bitch I could just keep going on and on and on They got stuff that goes on too long for me to even play like entire bits with my voice But I take one little thing one little crappy word like That's all And right away he's giving me a look on all You know Randy is so protective of our material I'm getting a like jazz better by the minute I'll tell you that 147 at Wiodeen WSUN Tonight after Randy roads it's Don and Mike You're so crazy You're so crazy You're so crazy Who is that? 151 at Wiodeen That was interesting Here's moral gable Hello Hi Neo Yes sir Listen Whatever happened to the player coach concept I forget he used to be used in hockey a lot Player coach Yeah Yeah I got coach in the team that was also on the ice Amel Francis and Connie Francis Yeah And who's that old guy who played that real old guy for the Bruins years and years ago I don't know if he's your bear did it No, no this is way before that This is like in the dark ages the real Custy guy I can't think of his name Well they've done it in all sports at some point during the day No way No way Well I have a plan Why are we talking about I have a plan That burns Let's say Pat burns and go for the leaves No player player coach plus Kude Tau I've been listening to your angst over how they're letting I O D go out to the wash Yeah And this is the deal Instead of all these people calling him with new lineups And this and that whole thing Hey let's the revenue people say we're not doing it Unless we run it Absentee boy Gary up in Louisville What does that do? You get memos non-specific That does nothing for you The leadership's got a cup from within So if the money crop doesn't show up And says listen we want to run the show Then what are they going to do? Sir can I ask your question What the hell are you talking about? What are you saying? What language are you speaking? Take over the station Take it over Yeah Let's do Tomorrow be the perfect day to take it over Because they're not going to be anybody here The office is closing I think it to a clock today I get to the last week before Christmas We take over to our bloodless crew We know nobody in this guy damn building We just locked the doors from the inside Take over Re-range the whole place I would like to go on FM personally On the coast next door They're played a bunch of slush A lot of Michael Bolton and Gloria Step on crap over their next door We can just move right over there man We got all the cartoes We got CD players Just move our ass right in there They must do they have a computer A thing in there a terminal You get it up I know the music is terminal Over the coast They must have a terminal They do Move it right next door and plug it in You can't blink a sat away with your board People No problem at all You can do it I think we're going to do it I think we're taking over FM We'll take over Y&F and the coast tomorrow Absolutely I'm fully forward And I'll contribute to the defense fund Yes Okay Okay, thank you Neil Same to you Here's Davey on a starline Hello Yes sir Quick Quick Quick Quick I think you're wet every head I have a 3D kind of swing I'm going to rub up right up That is worse on the head I don't know What is it You're breaking up sir You're gone pal Well that was good We had like two of them going at the same time With like a little phasing there I felt like I had rolled up something inside of a filly's blunt Or inside something blunt No seriously The thing with the filly's blunt It reminds me so much of like 30 years ago When I was a punk And in Boston The big thing was like either Sip and beer through a straw Or we used to drink beer by the yard And those long tubes Like they did way back in the 18th century And whatever now And then you get a buzz reel Fast that way and you start puking all over your shoes And that's fine Like when you're like a punk And it's a childish and juvenile But quite frankly I don't want to roll anything up Inside of a filly's blunt And I don't want to be a by sticking Crap inside my cigar Here's a mobile in Lakeland Hello Hey Neil You mentioned earlier That day it tossed around the idea I was throwing you on the same station Jim Phillips in Orlando Yes Let me tell you that Jim Phillips is a decent He's just okay He's not nearly as good as he thinks he is But if they were to put you on from ten to two In Orlando That's what they wanted to do You know the signal that that station got It's an FM station It would kick ass Yeah I know it It's unbelievable And that's why I'm not on there Because this company doesn't want me to kick ass This company is holding me back They're holding me back They tie our hands between our legs and be Hide our back And then they say okay go out and get us a 20 sure and make us a million dollars Phillips is the only show that has any hope On that station I've listened to him And didn't they put that up Notches until on that station Oh my god I don't understand it all But I sure wish they would do it Because you would be covering From Gensville to Oca You would have all the Central Floor You would be able to pick up Tampa I would cover like a gigantic blanket man Yeah exactly Yeah I mean you know Phillips says it's all the way from the keys It's a tout-hassy That's a little bit unrealistic But yeah God It'd be a drag I can know let's let's hope they make a resolution for Let's hope they make a resolution for the end of the year The resolution It'll be great Really have a great end of year Okay Take care now See ya Don't step on And I'm sucking around trying to make up for what he said before The same as you I'm stuck Turn on the crest of your So It's so brassied up to you The story of a love That was not a... Even me See you Meet me Everything That was not a lie Even you Can play But I'm content with it With powerful love Let me talk to you It's so symbi She's the girl So I can't take her I'm free to leave you I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman You're not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm all in my mind I place the tongue If I off your ground I will not stay with you I shall pardon the woman But I'll not be at home Like a missional Lock it with spell No, no, no Love is for the day Like a missional All lost in the war A miracle No, no, no, no, no Lanko is for the day Lock it with spell No, no, no, no Love is for the day Like a missional No, no, no, no, no Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day Lock it with spell No, no, no, no, no Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day Lanko is for the day I'll use me, get it, you old Good daddy��Relations Gens Entertainment Station crawl W.I.O Da My Ellie Fortling