I am 620 WSUN, entertaining talk radio for the 90s. It's the new Rogers show. You can talk to me, oh by calling toll-free. 1-800-944-9463. 4GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management or advertisers of AM620 WSUN, entertaining talk radio for the 90s. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-free on the GTE starline at star-SUN. 5GTE mobile-met customers can call toll-PM customer-level... Mindy Paramp for the offer of a 10000-year-old phone deposit... 33 Ferrari Fars, 2040er, 32 Okay, Bobby, go play your ball. Last year playoffs at one van Beesburg by the way, was gold tender for the Rangers. What a night last night at the arena on unbelievable. Exactly, I couldn't have said it better myself. The best, one of the greatest nights in anybody's life who was there or even thought about being there, just unconscious, incredible. And so we lost the game. And to be sure, it in a couple of greasy goals and a big deal. The play at a great game and the entire team played a great game. The crowd was pumped. They were into it. They weren't enthusiastic. Except for the microphone problems, which somebody's gonna get candle over there today. You can be sure of that. Except for that little glitch there. And maybe the Panther did a little number on the ice. They had a live panther out there. And the pregame things. The laser show was dynamite. The team played just spectacular. And crappy penalty there at the end of the game provided us from having a chance to tie it up, perhaps. But it's quite of all of that. It was everything you could hope against the best team. No question about it on paper, at least the best team in the NHL even without myriol. I mean, and of course we get unlucky. I thought Tom Barass will be an out. Would help us and it turned out can't record. Former Maple Leaf plays unconscious out of his mind. plays a great game in goal for the penguins and the parrances from time to time. Or when he. What a night. What a tremendous happening at the Miami Arena last night. However, I get in the car after the game. Turn on WQAM. I'm not there unless let me say this. Yeah, try to be fair. Try to be objective day while Brian. It does the Marlins on QAM with Joindra was in any other day. Two days ago, complimented him does a great job by just outstanding. No matter what stage news on tremendous. But I am going to tell you, WQAM, what you people are doing to hockey. I wouldn't do to hair mongering and lard ass limbo. Okay, absolutely unconscionable. Between Chris Moore, who is so some nambulate, who went Joe Mullinscore that empty that goal when the bees were didn't clear it out of our hand. And they replayed the his calls. I have never heard anything so boring, so terminal, so comatose, so unprofessional, except when then Moynihan came on with his cat calls. Moynihan has no idea he wouldn't know hockey if somebody do a diagram on his ass. Okay. And maybe that might be helpful. So we could play little grab-ass with himself in the seat. I mean this man, what they're doing is just a disservice at best and embarrassing at worst. And Jorge Melyon, who writes in a great coverage by the way, in both the Harold and the Sunsenless Morning, really great, not good but great coverage on hockey in Miami. What a picture here in the Harold Panthers day, Bua Cool Blast. Here is a big full-color picture of the Beezers, Blocking her Shop. And then underneath is a full-color picture of the fight between Scott Levin and Martin Luke Sureley. You picked the wrong guy to fight with Scott. Marty McSureley his name should be just one of the veteran hostile nasty defenseman that they picked up from the Kings or as if they weren't strong enough already over the offseason. But anyway, Jorge Melyon says broadcast team is definitely winners. Jorge, you are definitely a loser. A moron, you wouldn't know hockey if somebody drew it on your pupac. Okay, if somebody stuck a hockey pup between your cheeks, you wouldn't know hockey. And the four on Panthers and out to him he says, Dennis Potpand appears to be the best. Potpand is like a old and craggy and incoherent and like talks like he's talking to a bunch of kindergarten kids. There can be no question that Jeff Remerwood does the game's on TV is far in a way to best the New Only One who belongs there. And then he goes on and says, Moana Han, who hadn't done pro hockey in nearly two decades, needs to make his analization shorter play by play not analysis drives broadcasts sports on radio. And then at the end he says, was it my imagination or was Moana Han begging for calls during animation. So we're getting the car, Farwich has bring me back to my car, which I parked here at the station last night. And listening to a QAM after the game and Moana Han's doing his cat calls, the first call is from a guy named George who sounded like incoherent, kind of a nose picker, almost drunk. He says, well, can you explain this icing to me one more time? I mean, here we just had this incredible game where we played the best team in hockey, like really outplayed them to be honest with you. I thought, and just a damn near tie to man, why to lose in a heartbreak or two to one, but played on conscious couldn't have asked for a better performance. The crowd was enthusiastic. They were wild. They were just, it was great. And Moana Han spending five minutes again answering a stupid question from some nose picker about icing. How long, at first of all, why are we wasting our time with this crap already? Okay, we've had enough exhibition games. We've had enough forplay. Now it's time to like present it like people on the state. It would be like when the marlins played their first baseball game. It would be like if Dave O'Brien comes in and says, oh, by the way, you can't go to first base with only two balls. You have to have four balls to walk. Even though it may be hard to walk with four balls, it's nonetheless prerequisite. I mean, it just got an old and tired. So he goes on and not only that, he don't even know what he's talking about. He hasn't got a clue what he's talking about. He takes the next caller, which is another in-and-call. I forget what it was about, and he says, oh, and by the way, George, I'm at icing question because this caller asked him something he didn't know what he was talking about. So now we go to let's go back and talk a little more about icing. I say, let's put Moana Han on ice and cut the crap and get somebody on there who understands the game and can make it exciting. Here's the most exciting sport in the history of human race. And we've got guys on there who not only don't understand it, but can make it boring. How can you make hockey boring? I would like to ask. Oh, here's our friend Joe Hartman who's just all over us, like Stink on Boygiri. Hey, Joe. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? What a game last night, man. What a game last night. We get my. We got a game going tonight. Yes, sir. You haven't been going tonight. We got the biggest game in town at Pompatau Park tonight. This is true, and we got a great week in the racing. Neil, steak races every night this weekend. We got Florida breeder steaks coming up tonight. Of course, you've got, uh, and that seventh race, that's the one you're going to be picking a horse for the fans with. Give me a try tonight, Joe. Yes, I know, but you are the man. What the pressure on you are the man. Okay. Thursday night, even more Florida breeder steak action. We've got some good simultaneous garden state. Friday night, some of the trotters are going to be eligible for the breeder's crown are coming in as well as the second leg of the sand and serve pacing series. Another Florida fair steak final. And then Saturday night, the Palm Beach pacing series starts for three and four year olds in Main Street, who's raised very well against horses like direct flight, the Lexington will be making a start in the invite. So, uh, super racing all week long. The longest Peter Renn no doubt. Peter Renn will be back. Yeah, tonight. You bet. And we've got 12 races each night, uh, a couple of simultaneous, but, uh, Friday night, all 12 live races. So, it should be a great week and end out here. And of course, tonight, uh, we get the track back going. Right. Just come out, mention W. I. Do you get in free? Get to one of our track pack things to fill out to be part of our promotion. And I think this is better than our people's horse. This week we get a, uh, this year we get a people's horse a different one every week. Right. And, uh, and hopefully we'll be able to do a little good handicapped. I think you'll do an excellent job. And would some help from Fatt Rich of course. All right. Okay. See you tonight. You're right now. Okay. Okay. Tonight's the big night tonight. And every Wednesday at Pomp and O Park for our IOD track pack. We'll tell you more about that later. 1014 at WIOD in WSUN. You can hear Bob Lasseter weekday morning 6 to 10 on AM620 WSUN. My friends, he, he loves you. You know, I don't like you. You know, one on. For all I just, you know, I mean, you like David Duke. I don't like David Duke's run us man. I know, I know. I know Richard. And as I gave you, if you get that bias, if I just, you know, you guys take a piece of the right that. There's no sense, you know, we put it in the time of the episode. Listen to you. No, you hear a word I just said, did you? No, not a word. You're just in there to agitating agitating who. We never listen to you. So what am I supposed to do? Has agitated you. Do you like David Duke? Oh, I might not have a lot of likes, or I like. Oh, you can like anybody you were up there. I don't like you. You're not a deal, I am too. So, you're not a deal, you're not a deal. You're not a deal, you're not a deal. I'm not a deal, we're a stand, or I feel about anything. No, it's very time. When I said, just had five minutes out of the MOT and you were armed. No, I don't know. You're going the way. David Duke. I'm a problem. You're going the way as a matter of fact, I wish I hadn't even called. Can't Bob Lancet are waiting for him. 6 to 10 on AM-620, WSUN. To go on a year alive with Neal, dull. 1-800-944-9463. What the f*** is going on with Dave and Brewer? No, it's fine with each other. No, David, it's fine with the street. Maybe I can have some of that. What is that? Chicken back there. And the boxes. Did you get any of that stuff, Pete? Huh? What is it? Chicken. Rick Weaver, back at Cleveland Stadium. That was number one yesterday. This will definitely be Numerous Uno today. The fans will be getting to blow the, blow the, uh, who the place election. Maybe I can have some of that. What is that? Chicken back there. And the boxes. Did you get any of that stuff, Pete? Huh? What is it? Chicken. Rick Weaver, back at Cleveland Stadium. The fans are beginning to blow the, uh, who the place election. Oh. So anyway, it's 10-18 at WOD. And what can I say that has been said already. I guarantee next year at this time, we'll have a special Camillo-Sauce CD with Mr. Weaver's best. Oh. Blu-Pers. I mean, this man is probably the most penalized announcer in all of sports casting. So anyway, George taking matters into his own hands goes over to, um, Mindy's News, since nobody out there cares enough about me to do anything. And thank you to Captain Singh as in Sing for your supper. Captain Sing at Mindy's News 209-71stery. Don't mind me, Pete. Since me, the fifth anniversary issue of Arreys as in Arreys 2. And it's a special, uh, like Luis Miguelas on the cover, like Stark naked and all these photos and posters and banners and here's like all these other here's, uh, Magneto and Ricky Martin and all the real Latin American Sing and stars who nobody in this market is generally discovered yet because they're too busy playing who she coochimusica an arreto ritmo with that psychotic bits that was in the paper yesterday. So thanks to George and thanks to Captain Singh and thanks to Luis for a little sum of special. What is that moisture on his upper lip, by the way? So anyway, and also the book is coming out today, look at those deadlines. You know, you know something I'm not going to let this happen to me today because I'm on a euphoric high and yes, okay. And like George Jamilion writes in his absolute correct day ratings for last Wednesday, season opener between the Panthers and the Black Cocks were miniscule. Of course, hockey on radio. Nobody listens to when this time. I'm sure that, but I'm going to tell you something. I don't give a crap because it's something that I love and something that I care about and I know damn well because people came over to me before the game who were there who would never have even thought about going if it weren't for me in this show, okay. So I don't care if it like is, you know, six people out there that are as enthusiastic examets too bad. Well, all the other crap that's going on in this town, if we can't be enthusiastic about something, if we don't have something like a grab onto in squeeze and bottle and hold, then I say screw it, okay. And our first call of the morning is a pig report. Good morning. Yes. Yeah, I'm east down on 555. We've got the old pigs on 555 and right off 555 and he's gone 555 and we'll look out. Beautiful. Okay. And now hockey, we are psyched. Okay. It's got 11 little birds on eat. He's out there every night. Okay. All right, Neil. Thanks. Yeah, you took on Marty McSurley. The lot of things got to be doing it again next time we play them. Let's somebody else take him on. Let's take Lauretec, come on. Okay. Here's Sunrise. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Great. I got to ask you a question. Yeah. I watched the game on TV last night. Don't ask me what is icing. No, I know what is icing. I'm still a Ranger fan for 30 years. How do you sound depressed? Yeah. I got to ask you. It sounded to me like in the third period the crowd was definitely asleep. Was it like that at the game? No, I don't think they were asleep. I think when they got that first goal right near the end of the second period, I think that took the crowd a little bit out of it. Because I know at the end of the first period after we did was a scoreless tie. And the teams went off the ice. Man, a crowd went crazy. I mean, they really were so into it because nobody ever expected us to play like this against Pittsburgh. I mean, I'll be honest with you. I thought we would lose like six, not then seven to one, something like that. And I just hope that we didn't look too embarrassing. Pittsburgh is awesome. Well, we got to be honest with you. You look there out on the ice and they got Francis and talk at Larry Murphy and Miramar Yager. I mean, they got so many superstars out there, even without Lemue. And it's there a hell of a team. We played him even Steve and right down a wire. Yeah, I agree with you on that, but it sure sounded like the crowd was dead, even if we scored that first goal. Well, we were listening on radio. No, on TV. I wouldn't listen to QA in for any. Oh, my God. I'm not listening. I'm not exaggerating. What they've done to hockey. Somebody ought to like give them a five minute major and a game of sconduct for what they've done to the sport and how they're just destroying it. They have no clue how to broadcast the hockey game. Wow. They've got people who are totally incompetent and inept doing it, they ought to be ashamed of themselves. And I've got to disagree with you on something else too. I don't like the announcement we've got on TV. Remember? Yeah. I think that even when Van Beesbrook is making top-not-safe, he's just kind of a matter of facting it. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, I didn't see the game, obviously on TV because I was there last night. I didn't tape it, but I thought he did okay. And the first two games, the road games from Chicago and St. Louis. I mean, I'm not saying he's great, but he's compared to the other three bulls. He's outstanding. Well, he's okay. He's competent. He's not the Bob Cole or Fred Cusick or Sam Rosen. He's okay. I like that. I'm just used to Sam Rosen. Sam is great. Yeah. In fact, I don't know if you heard the night, I was on with D-Fobile. We got Sam on the phone. He is one of the best at a super guy. And I only wish he has some luck with a better team this year. I hope they do well. Well, I appreciate it. Okay. Good luck. Don't be naughty, Presto. Yeah. Sooner or later, Amyl Francis will come back. Yeah. By the way, speaking of that, I'm looking at this other. There's just tons of coverage here, although you wouldn't ever know what with the audience, I think they don't give a crap. Tickets going fast. It says yesterday it was not three minutes. It was two and a half minutes. That's the 900 tickets they had on sold. Those eight dollar seats that they saved. Two and a half minutes they were gone. It says only hundreds of non-path or packs each remain for Thursday's game against Ottawa. That's tomorrow night. And Tuesday's game against Wayne Gretsky and the LA Kings. All the games in October are solid. They sold except for the Maple Leafs. They said we're over 10,000 for that game, but not in the 11 to 12,000 range like the other games. Dean Jordan says I don't know what it is about Toronto, but Tampa Bay said they had a tough time selling that game last year too. Well, let me tell you something. Okay. If that game will week from tomorrow night against the Maple Leafs, isn't sold out, I'm going to want to know why. One of the most exciting teams in hockey, even though I may be a little bit prejudiced with Felix the Cat Potpan and Doug Gilmore and the amazing and tough window clerk. And I mean, what the, what the, how could you want? I hell of a team, but of course the thing is most of our Canadians done here are not from Ontario A, they're from their frogs. So I'm sure when the Montreal Canadians come in here, the place will be rocking from the rafters and you'll be able to smell it. So let's get off our right. I don't understand that because it seems to me we got like at least what, four or five Toronto fans who call the show. So there's five or six tickets right there and me. It's 10 25 at Wild, D and WSUN. It's Rick and Sugs today, 2 to 6 on AM620. WSUN. I kind of a bunch of deadheads. Am I talking to here this morning? You know what? I think this is the day that my whole goddamn perspective on life changes. I've always wondered this over the years. It's always been a puzzle to me, why I've done well in this market. I'm talking about Miami. Tampa, I know why we're not doing all that great, but that's another reason. But just because nothing, there is nothing that I'm interested in that the people who live in South Florida give a crap about. Nothing, zero. Nothing. And yes, it's been very sports intensive lately because quite frankly that's what's going on in this town. Those are the big stories. Moreno is out for the year. Big good dolphin thing. First ever home hockey game last night at the arena. A lot about baseball playoffs are going on. This is that time of the year when it's heavy duty. And I'm sitting here. I could be talking to my golden retriever. Believe me and get a much more enthusiastic response. I mean, he's even watching Luis Miguel videos on TV when I'm not home. Just to keep informed on what's going on. And this audience, man, you people are in a goddamn coma. Are you ever going to get out of it? This was such a great night last night. And I don't give it all. Okay, we lost. It would have been a miracle, a tie or even win would have been just on conscious. But God, we played them well. It was just a tremendous crowd. The people were there at least, which obviously is not this audience. The people were there were just ecstatic. The laser show was like, okay, so wasn't involved this night. I'd rather have a good laser show and a really outstanding hockey team as opposed to a great laser show and a crappy, the mighty ducks. Okay, I'll take our guys any day of the week. But God, talk about slow starters. When that book comes out this morning, I would be surprised to hear you ask you in. Intertaining talk radio for the nineties. Randy Rhodes is here tonight. 8 to 11 on AM620 WSUM. To go on a year live with Neil. Now 1-800-944-9463. It's the Neil Roger show on AM620 WSUM. Oh, well, he's got a look of a pale look on his face. Boy, Gary does. You've got his thumbs down. What did I tell you? Bad book. One, two, three. No, get out of here. Morning show was great. That means the rest of us suck. Now, the morning show was not though. I see six AM to midnight 25 to 54. Yeah, the morning show is the answer. Always pulls this crap. Okay, don't ever darken my door again, you geek. Morning show was great. Yeah, it's great. That's it. That's the savior man. Is that morning show? We're just going to write on that coat tails. 3-8 to a 3-5 overall 25 to 54 this station. I'm telling you, no wonder I'm sitting here big and big and pleading and puking for some response for somebody alive out there. Let's see, morning show 3-1 to a 3-5, which is still a far cry short. A good point short of what it usually is in a morning 25 to 54. Zeta 25 to 54 went from a 3-2 run and run to a 4-5 from number 11 to number 5. I just mentioned in passing. So we must have taken a real dive in midday here, huh? Well, it's about time. I can't hold them up by my suspenders forever. Oh, look at that. 6-1 to a 5. 25 to 54 midday. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. There'd be most of the people in the business would kiss my ass out there for a 5-year, but boy, you're slipping man. Too much sports, that must be it. After you let's see QAM, a 1.4-year, they're doing it 25 to 54. 3-7 PM, Rick and Sudd, the coast number 1, 6-6. See the coast is taking away all our audience. Now we don't have anybody left. They're playing too many Michael Bolton records and we can't compete with it. Rick and Sudd, 47 to a 3-8. From a 6-4 in the winter book to a 4-7 to a 3-8. Did I tell you that the audience is all vanished? Have I been sitting here telling you that? Well, but the morning show did great. Morning show at a 3-8. I get a 5 and he comes in and looks at me says the morning did great. At a boy gear where you asshole at a night time 25 to 54, the goddess has from a 3-1 to a 2-9. A little slippage there, but not at bad. Considering it was the summer against the Marlins. That's a good rationalization, Randy. Oh boy, that chair is going to be moist again. It's 1053 a WOD. It's a disaster. It's a death-nell book and maybe this will wake these bastards up. Give them a little, but it's hopeless. I mean, I consider what's the sense of brow-bating the audience when they're not there. There's no point in doing that. They're not there. This station was once a greatness and they've jerked it around and yanked it around. Every day, like 75 different people on, they're running auditions like you're revolving during a weekend. They got done in Micon who can't get a 0.5 in Tampa, much less in Washington. And oh yeah, morning was great and he comes in and gives me a look. Like a little a dagger. Like, oh, you only got a 5. Chuck at a 3.8. Huh. Wonder how much of that 3.8 was denying to 10 hour by the way. Here's coconut creek, hello. Hello Neil. Yes. I don't even know the hair. We said, I don't play the death march. We used to be so popular and now we're finished. Yeah. We're done. Let's be the buck. We don't believe in buck. I do. I sit here every day. I got our field for it. Let me tell you, this place is dead. John Moynihan. Yes, we're in a dead. Help. I started hating him when he agreed with an article. That EM Swift wrote sports illustrated about how hockey should be driving to have. Oh, there's no great good reaction. They shouldn't have face off. They should just change position of the puck. Yeah, like you start behind your neck. That sounds like some moan ahead would say, yeah. And he agreed as we called him last night. And asked him why wasn't a penalty for off side. Why don't you have his penalty? Oh, I heard that. Was that you? Yeah, they cut him. I think he cut on because we were going to ask him why he didn't get credit for that goal that he put in from himself. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Anybody listening to tell was a call. And it's a. And he's like, oh, by the way, got a little phone problem there. And he goes on to the next geek and does another five minutes. How do you clear the what's the difference in clearing the puck? And I think the puck. Yeah, yeah, but he's anyone out there. Hey, John, he spent four minutes on clearing. Okay, I think you got a clearing. That's why we call it. Because we figured that was the only call. So we had to call on that. Oh, God is he pathetic. If you're after an experience like that, a great happening. And he comes on and spends five minutes trying to describe icing again. Would he? I don't understand. He's over a channel seven now too, so they're doing it over there. He's over a channel seven. I saw him on late night with Rick Berry on the. On the board. With Jim Berry. What? He just did a little segment. He's part of the team now. Oh, no. He was the hockey expert. Oh, no, that's that for a winter. I'm sorry. I messed him up. Oh, he got to bring us the rest of this house in man. We're going to lose our appetite today. I was down at the concession stand. I heard a big roar. Well, some I roar. I said, must been the first goal. Someone goes back. It's one up in Pittsburgh. And then all of a sudden, a big, a big cheer starts going up. I said, must be the first fight. And I was still standing in concession line. Yeah. It's someone goes back. Those concessions, like I said, how would you like to have had a little piece of the. Oh, my God, the lady in front of us. She looked at everything. Oh, piece of clothing there. And it's been about four or five hundred dollars. So it was, it was just incredible. It took us probably half an hour to get my account keychain. Mm-hmm. So anyway. How do keychain? I got a keychain. Well, that should be worth the big bucks. Oh, yeah. I think I'm one of the collectors too. I mean, people were just like absolutely practically molesting you for anything you. How I got body life sight there. Oh, that took a do you want to hang out with that? How much you want for it? Yeah. I was, it was a good, great game though. It was funny. But people understand the thought they, the same thing as Tampa. I went to one game monster in Tampa. They cheer the one on threes. And they cheer the swap shots from beyond the blue line. Woo! That's it. It's great game though that the start was a little bit long. Well, yeah. But that's, you know, one day and then that's the other. Yeah, I hope so. It was great. It was all in all. It's just, it was fantastic. Because I guess we went to fire the microphone guy, but other than that. I think I'll say grind to my dice. And anybody who wasn't there a screw on name is that big time. And in closing, I heard a song from Rick and said, yesterday, a title song that goes on with your country and Western, and it's hard to say. I love you when you're sitting on my face. Okay. Thank you. Let's see, 25 to 44. That's kind of a strange demo. We really went in the toilet there. I mean, really went in the old crap house. At night, Randy went from a three-four to a two-three, all low 25 to 44 QAM went from a four-eight in the spring to a two-nine, even with baseball. So, where did the audience go? Does anybody know? Is anybody a care? Where did the audience disappear to? Where did they all go? Here's persons 12 plus. This oughta really be grim. Boy, if you think we did bad 25 to 54, wait till you see these. We're not even on the second page. We're not anywhere. We do we exist, are we in the marketplace? Oh yeah. Three, three to a three-oh. Two, a three-point. Oh! Did they screw up this radio station? Or what? Have I been telling you that for the past four or five months? I'm not making this up because I'm happy about it. I'm just telling you that's the way it is. This used to be the hottest A.M. Like almost in America. Here we are. Let's see 12 plus persons in the morning. Three, three, two, a three, four. Reddoboy Chuck. And midday probably went down to a one. Four eight to a four four. Oh, four four. What kind of a number is that for this show? Oh, it is the highest on the station. I just mentioned that Gary, you asshole. That comes in here. Every time we have like a bad trend or a bad book, he comes in here like with a smile on you did crappy. Yeah, but how come the number on this show is higher than any of the others? And it also includes the two to three hour. So it means it's like a couple of tentative point higher than whatever it says here. You idiot? You jackass? You goofball. I hope they fire his bad ass like today after seeing this. But they, he's got those pictures. 12 plus in the afternoon, Rick and Suds look out now. Oh, look at that. The light bulb went from a one, two to a one, eight. They're doing it. Three, five down to a three point. Oh, 12 plus in the afternoon. And at night. Oh, we just got time to see this. I hope Randy isn't messing with those absorbent things right now. May have an accident. Let's see, 12 plus. Ah, radio memories. Look at that. A two nine at night. Where's Randy? Randy from a three point out to a one point nine. At night. 12 plus. We are talking to ourselves. So let's just talk quietly. See, this is good. Now I don't have to put out all that energy and scream about. Broward on all of this stuff. Because there's nobody listening. So let's just sit back relax light up a nice cigar. Plan out what we're going to have for lunch tomorrow. Hey, I'm 620. WSU in St. Petersburg, Tampa Clearwater. Intertaining talk radio for the night. It's the new Roger show. You can talk to me, you'll be calling toll free. 1 8 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. Or GT Mobile net customers can talk radio for the night. It's the new Roger show. You can talk to me, you'll be calling toll free. 1 8 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. Or GT Mobile net customers can talk radio for the night. It's the new Roger show. You can call toll free on a GT star line at star S.U.N. Phamines expressed and not necessarily those of the staff management or advertisers of A.M.620 WSU in entertaining talk radio for the night. This is learning to sell with Don Hell. I've been down here with Jackson and today we're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. We're going to spend the work before. I mean, it's 1106 at Wild. Let's turn it down and not just relax. Too much tension. Too much pressure. When you're dealing with a small select audience, this is just like the Alex Penet days again. I had a stroke back then like four years ago. Three and a half years ago. I'm not going to do that again because there's no sense of getting up. When you're talking to yourself, I mean, there's pressure if you're talking to like millions of people. people and you got pressure. By the way, Howard was on that date line show last night. I haven't had one call about that. George tells me it was kind of interesting. And that there was the management there of infinity saying, yeah, we support him. It was it was a melt-comers. And that was on. Somebody. And said that we believe in freedom of speech. We're going to fight the FCC all away to the back wall and we're with him. And we love him. It's said, ready. It was on with the with that obnoxious mark McEuron CBS this morning. There were recent mark McEuron is obnoxious because he's such a sued, you know, and he likes the country music. He's all right. But anyway, he was interviewing Howard Don tape and Harry Smith and reduces it by saying, we even had to delete certain parts of the interview. Well, that's too bad. Harry, you're probably improved those crappy ratings for your show. If you just put Howard on on expregated, probably get some people who are alive to watch that show. Instead of that stuffy crap. But anyway, man, we're still in the mid day. Got an 8.9 number one in minutes. It's not the 10 or 11 or 13 that I usually have, but it's still number one. You can in number one by three points over the last. It's not the one that I love. 94 in men. You know, we, this isn't really quite as bad as it looks, but I'm not trying to rationalize and Randy did okay. And men from a 5 5 to a 5 3 and we're concerned there's still number one in men in the afternoon with a 6 something. And in the morning, Chuck what up in men. But don't give me a song that it answered. But how great the morning show was boy. Gary, you idiot. You more on. Here's let's see mornings Chuck in men. 25 to 54. This is from a 49 to a 5 7. Which is not in the sixes that it used to be, but it's still a big increase. But with a women, I told you we have no women. Even the yesterday I mentioned not sliding ladies. She don't even call me yesterday. I figured what was all about, but she don't even come which goes to show you even the women we used to count on are not there. They're like, they're busy with what are they busy with? Do we know? With each other, perhaps maybe they've been watching too many of those lesbian shows on her all though. They're busy with each other. Huh? They're getting in their legs? Jennifer, I'm no Jennifer, I'm no as what? What they're doing? What they're doing? All maybe they're not trying to be trouble. Maybe it's in the streets. See now George has even got to like coach me on what cart to play. But anyway, no I like the mission and possible better during the news. I thought that was more appropriate. Women on this show 25 to 54. We never do great. We usually get like mid 2s to a 3 something. Okay, 3 2 3. In the spring, I had a 2.3 and women 25 to 54. Nothing to write home about. In this summer book, we have a 1.0 in women. We have no women. None. Finally, talk to him about sports. Well, we've always talked a lot about sports. This is a sports intensive station. It's the dolphin station for crying out loud. But we have no women. Nothing. Maybe if we did a lot more lesbian shows. Well, I don't think that's it because Randy don't have much there either. Well, she did a show on lesbians. That's all I'm saying. It's okay. Let's see. What about women at night? Did Randy have any number at night in women? I mean, how can you do worse than a 1.0? Let's see. Here's Zeta on this page is all screwed up. Ah, nice going. House dinner, whoever staple these together. I can't read the women. How do you like that? It's so bad that it's like on the last page. And I don't even know which one it is, but it's pretty weak. Whatever it is. Okay, let's take some call. Here's the lady mobile. Amazing. Hello. Hi, Neil. Wait a minute. Hang on. Oh, no, you go ahead. I guess I'm here. Go ahead. The man breeze looks his God. You're however he says his name is wonderful. It's so exciting. You know, be able to feel like cocky is part of Florida now. And when you're watching it, quite, I've never believed this. Oh, it's just very, very exciting. But I've been listening to your show. We're here on the West Coast. I'm from really over there in the Miami area. I didn't get to go to the game, but I watched it on TV. And I'm telling you, I'm going to go get one of those extra Maple Leaf tickets. I'm definitely going to go in person. That'll be a great game. And I'll be there with my Maple Leaf jersey. I was the only 42 on games, only one game. I'll be a turncoat and that's the one game. I don't have to wear my Miami Dolphs as your dear sons of it. But I can so get some Panther parapenalia time goes by. They're definitely great. Well, Neil, I just wanted to call say hi. Put in my two sons for the Panthers and you're doing a great job. Have a great day. Bye. Thanks. And here's another lady. Hi. What were you yesterday? Yesterday I wasn't in your radio all day. Oh, well. By the way, also, whoever is putting together this 25 to 54 women out there. I'm there. In the hall there, here's one on the floor right now. Another one too. We'll get give me the pages. Somebody give me a revised thing on this. These pages are all screwed up. I don't have no number for Rick and Sods or for Randy on women. Go ahead. I'm sorry. No problem. I'm very emotional. Well, I'm not getting emotional because haven't I been predicting this? Yeah, you have. I mean, you can feel it. When you've done this long enough, you don't need to see the numbers. You know, I mean, the numbers are like erratic and sometimes you get lucky. Sometimes you get unlucky. But generally speaking, if you're like dying in the, uh, on the vine, you know it. You've got to feel for it. Yeah, you can feel it. Big time. So I watched the game on TV last night and it seems like an interesting game. Look at that. Women 1.40 1.2 in a morning with Chuck Chuck had well women and we did. Is that incredible? We have no women listening. 25 to 54 Chuck had more women than you. On the 1.2, I had a one. Oh. I'm not saying that the 1.2 is anything to excited about. But see, that's why the 25 to 54 is when in a crapper, and nothing to do with the men. It would be the guy damn women. Women in this town suck. They're serving the wrong women. Well, magnitude me say the women in this town suck. You got excited. Yeah. Well, that's made it. So anyway, I have my Ares magazine here. Oh, I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. I'm looking for that. Hit the telehit. I keep tuning in. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. Parenthé. It's difficult not to tune in every time I turn the day. You ever saw that video. Quando, Caliente also. You would never you would be able to call a show. Knowing you as I do, you'd be weak. And you then you know I haven't seen it. I'm telling you, it's just you have never seen such a pulpery of flesh on the beach in your life. I mean, it is there is something for every living creature on that thing. My. Yeah. Maybe I'll see if they have it on laser to. No, they don't. Yeah. Laser, that's right. We're part of the laser show last night. Yeah. The laser show was nice. It was beautiful. Yeah. Look beautiful on time. Perfect night. And then I had to come in here today. I always get that always works getting me depressed. After the most exciting things in your life, you're coming here. And within like a half an hour, you just the rate of blood your brains out. So that's life. Yeah. That's life for Miami. Isn't that the truth? Yes. So I heard that the rumors are rampant that Mark race is going to the white socks. Oh, really? Yeah. Well, still Chicago. Yeah. Still Chicago. Yeah. Still Chicago. A little worst part of town. Is it? And of course the white socks don't play the mall. Don't play here at all. I love your S.O.L. Well. Till Tampa gets an American late team. Right. Hey. Hang out until then. That's what I'll do. You're 2010. Go out there in my can and walker. Right. Hi. Hello Mr. Grace. Yeah. That sounds great. Hope you guys walker and you'll have your cane. Sure. Hey. We've got a cane fan. Okay. Well, listen. I just want to see if you're okay because if you're here gone, then I know we might as well just fold up the tent. I'm going to shut the transmitter down to about 100 watts and save some juice. That'll be it. Have a great day. Thank you. Thanks for the memory. I can watch for that video. I'm telling you. I'm going to. Me, you'll kiss me all over my body. All right. Well, I'll look for tonight. Okay. Okay. And video 2. The video 2. Bye. 11 14 at WIOD and WSUN. Wake up with last year. We think morning 6 to 10 on AM 620. WSUN. The fact of the matter is we are programming to a bunch of free loaders. We're programming to typical Americans. People who want to give me this. Give me that. Give me the other thing. But don't ask me to do anything. So we have all these people sitting at home going about their busy little lives who just never bought it at call. Hey, it's me with shovel for me. You know, I'm a bob bat, such as life. You win some. You lose some. Weak day morning 6 to 10. Bob Lancidor on AM 620 WSUN. You're in it. To go on your live with NEO. Now 1,894,494,63. It's the NEO Rodgers show on AM 620. WSUN. If I had a seat, I'd drive down the California coast and I don't know wait. I'd drive this Germany and back and wait a minute. What am I talking about? I can't afford a seat. So if I have a seat, it means I stole a car and now I'm trying to get away from the cops. Take that you cover. I killed three people. I'm getting a murder and die and the electric gear. The Nissan Z. Your voltage may vary. Well, I'd sure get started. It's inappropriate. As contracted with the book where we had mostly inappropriate numbers. Speaking of numbers, Ron and Ron in the morning, 18 to 34. That's their demo. 18 to 34. Mostly 18 to 24. I might point out. 18 to 34. In the morning, WSUTA Zeta 4 went from a 3.8 to an 8.4. From number 10 to number 2 behind EDR. How do you like that? Did I tell you that also? Did not come on that one day about two months ago and say that they're going to get a big number? And so it isn't 25 to 54. I'll tell you one thing. I think we'd be very happy with an 8.4 or 18 to 34 wouldn't we? And who the hell wouldn't? Like living in breathing people by default. But hey, here's some more of that news again. Here's some more of that same old crap that you want to hear over and over again. And like I said the other day, I was talking about this one day last week. It's just like the thing we did on Y and F for that one week in Tampa where we had all those living and breathing. I mean, the people that we really really want to talk to the people that you really want to hear. The people are like alive and have got something to say. And like sound like they're still got their body parts in a right place. Those are the people that you just die for for this kind of radio. And we got like exposed to them. If I can say that for one week and then like maybe a few of them straggled over, we got a little bit of it for that. But if we were on FM, we'd be we'd have it audience. We'd have the people. But as the years go on and as less and less people, no, I mean nobody listens to the AM period. It just don't happen. Thank you, Halsey. Here's the great news on the women again. Well, man, we are, we are dying for women. I remember when Randy first came on and she did that thing down in candle. The women's coffee class and all the women. I tried to tell her to forget it. You're not going to get women. Well, I mean not on the air anyway. And then Ann Emoria came in here, told her the same thing. You're just not going to get it honey. And she somehow diluted herself into believing that we're really going to build this gigantic women are because she's a woman. Well, that's got nothing to do with it. Okay, here we go. Women 25 to 54 in the morning from a 1.4 in the spring to a 1.2 for Chuck. In this day part here, which the women stabbed me in the back. The blood is pouring from my a thing. It's pouring from me. And she brings me another thing here and this one's all screwed up. And you can't read it. Well, I already saw it on the other sheet. It's a one. How about in the afternoon, Rick and Suss must have done better than a one in women. My God, there's like at least 10 women out there going, he or he right now. They had a 0.9 from a 2.1 to a 0.9. Well, if they had a 0.9, what did Randy do in women then? If they had a 0.9, I'm sorry Randy. Well, listen, never run to rest or make the power of a, let's see. The coast by the way, women at night from a 5.0 to a 2.5. Boy, there's going to be some long faces in this place. I'll tell you that. At nighttime, no show, less than a one because that's as far down as they go. Nothing, 0, under a 1. Miniscule, microscopic, invisible. Doesn't make a, here's sweet water. Hello, Mr. Puck, my sir. Yeah. The bees are, is God. Yes, he is sir. I dynamic tremendous performance and we can all kiss him even though we had a couple of problems there, but we'll all forgive him for that. He's going to be great. There is no fire. He is our savior. Do you know if he's going to start Thursday? I don't know. I almost would think that if it's Patrick would get the star because then we play again on well, no, we got a couple of days off the plane Sunday against the lighting. He might just go ahead and play. I don't know. I hope so. I bought the first five games. The pack. I don't want to make a protest predictions because they'll, how do what does have that kid Alexander dig the $12 million kid, but I think that's going to be our first home victory tomorrow night and. I've the one. I was just going to say that. I was going to say five seriously, five to one. Five to one. I pre, uh, predilection. Uh, rate mine. I had to sit amongst a bunch of pens and last night. Oh, there weren't too many of Biden thing. In my section, there were at least 10 sitting within. I said 10 too many. Within arms reach and I kept yelling that Yagers mother lived in silly. Uh, it was, it just an incredible knife. He soats socks and hell as a way. Exactly. Exactly. Oh, yeah. Uh, as a matter of fact, I'm trying to work out anybody that has, uh, I have heat season tickets. Anybody wants to trade in some decent season seats during the season. You know, I'll be willing to give it my, I've very good heat seats. Okay. And I'd be willing to trade them for a fantasy. Well, great. Oh, you're leading your a Georgia number. We could make a little swine. Well, and you didn't see Howard on David Letterman last night, DJ. Oh, he's everywhere because he's talking at new book. Yes. What guy think comes out Friday? But he was wearing a two two. Beauty. Let me tell you something Howard should be doing that show. All the all the hype about Letterman and about Leno and about Chevy Chase and about this other geek Conan of our period. Howard should be doing that show man. He'd have like an 80 share. But the networks are scared. Crapless to him. Yes. That was right. That night he was on with J. Leno a few months ago. That was the only time J. Leno ever had a funny show. That was the best show he ever had only because Howard and they were mortified and what Howard was saying. They were terrified. So it was very obvious last night of the Letterman. There were skits in the programming that they had to edit something out. It was I mean it was obvious. I've got it on tape. And then I looked at it again later. And they were at least twice that I can tell they skipped something that we had. Wow. Everyone wanted to offend anybody. What were that? Oh, no. The problem. We don't want to. Congratulations on bouncing Sandy. Yep. It was history. Maybe that'll turn us around now. I don't. You never know. Okay. Have a great day. See you. Wait a minute. You buy a gift. George your number. Oh yeah. Wait. What's actually he's doing here? Because I look for you last night. 125. Rho you. Okay. Right by the door. Good deal. For easy exit. Hold on. Okay. Get this guy's number. Maybe we make a little swap with some of the heat people. One open line and Broward. Five, two, four, one on the starline. I apologize profusely for the fact that our station has gone in the toilet. But we do have an idiot named Boy Gary who's sitting there in programming with his finger up his butt and he's been given the keys to the kingdom and they really believe this man knows about something. This is the same man that gave you Alex Bennett and Joy Reynolds and Dickie Farkle and Dru. Uh, W. Drew, uh, whatever your Michaels and just continues to make this into an amateur hour. And the rest of us sit here and try to rise above it. But uh, hey and of course there's Rick Tell me the other last week or a week before. Oh, I don't know everywhere I go people. Everybody listen to this show. Well, okay. I told you it was going to be a crappy bookric. Not a great book to have a contract negotiation time. By the way, so probably it's fixed. Probably the company probably corporate puts a money in and fix this. Just to screw the talent. It's 1125. It WiodWSUN. Catch Bob Lanceter weekday morning 6 to 10 on AM620 WSUN. Stick around. It's Rick and Sus the Sanctanone 2 to 6 on AM620 WSUN. You go on a year live with Neol. Now 1-800-944-9463. It's the Neorodger show. Tonight on the embassy network, it's gay watch. This one should make me look so fat. Do I look fat? Oh, you look fine. Oh, up Harris, girl. Lifeguard! Surfstissies. Tonight on the embassy network. 1129 at WiodD is we're sitting in her analyzing the situation. We're going to drop back and punt is what we just decided. Okay, this football season. Let's drop back 10. Punt and just to see where it lands. Okay. You know what I'd like to see at Landonch and why don't you just walk out of here. Anyway, let's go to a clear water. Hello, clear water. Uh-huh. Come on me. Welcome to our deadly place, sir. How are you sir? I'm okay. The coast blows. The coast on the west coast. Yes, sir. Because we have a coast over here that also blows. Polish blow each other though. Okay. Listen, congratulations. What a game last night. Yeah. Jan B's Brook is God. He is. He made some, and I gotta say to get an all-fair and just can't record for the penguins. Really shocked to hell out of me. Because I'd never been all that crazy about him. He was really weak with the Leafs a few years ago. And he just played an unconscious game last night. I mean, he made some just unbelievable saves. Listen, I, uh, you expect that from the beef, but Reggie, we were hoping for a little worse performance. You're absolutely correct. He is a good player too. One common I really had to make, and I need to tell you about this. So that is, I talked to you coming out of the game the other night. And it was a pleasure to meet you and and learn something. I mean, the lightning game. Yeah. And the same beat the other night. But my God, what a larger crowd. I mean, uh, I'm bored. The guy I'd be called before was right. Sour is the word. I mean, they were asleep. The people that were in their seats were asleep and the other people that that were awake were in the aisle. So you couldn't see the game anyway. Yeah. I mean, you gotta understand that there are a lot of people were there because they felt it was a happening. There were 27,000 people there. I would say maybe 12, 10 or 12,000 and we're not hockey fans will not be back. They were there because of this inferiority complex thing. Oh, we're going to break the record and we're did look how much better we are than everybody else. But it doesn't really mean anything. I mean, it had the potential for a great night. If they were really into it and they were supportive and enthusiastic. But unlike the people we had here last night who were really tremendous fans, the people over there were just assholes. I mean, met them and not all. Obviously, but many of them, and they just started finding out the second period. And it, it was, I was appalled that they're out of to. I was looking at some of the people around me. I couldn't believe it. I'm thinking, what's wrong with you people? It's not a six to not in game. It's not like the end of the world here. So you're losing a game. Is that the end of the world? I mean, how do we lost the game last night? And I'm so excited. I feel like we just want to stand a cup and force great games. I lived in Florida for 10 years and been to a hockey game in that long and I achieved wood. But how dare they boo their own team? How dare they boo this team? Yeah, exactly. I almost got 51. I accomplished for them last year and pulled the lead. And then, the goal was to play a great game. He only gave up one goal. The other was an empty net goal at the end of the game. And it didn't make any difference to it. They just were unhappy. They have a crappy power play while so what? So there were a lot of teams including us. I'll tell you what, not only here, but down there as well, these fans should be kissing the ground. Right. They even have a hockey team like that here. And I'm going to answer for them through my work. I'll tell you another thing, they should be kissing the crowd that they're playing in the Thunder Dome instead of that cow palace. I mean, it may not be perfect for hockey, but it sure was a tremendous improvement. Oh, yeah. And you could see everything that was going on crystal clear and at scoreboard is just the greatest things in sliced bread. And they got to the TV of the game on all four sides of the board during the game, which you can see it. That was great. I mean, it was just they did everything right except they had the wrong people in there. That was the problem about 15,000 of the wrong people in Ed Arena. Another thing, by the way, I was never really a big team dolphin fan before. Don't hang up on me. After Marino, I'm got hurt and they put Mitchell in and that team played the way they did and that front line for him just protected him. It exploded. I have such respect for that. Now I am now a dolphin fan. Amanda Samada, tell them how that team we knew that going in, but some of these guys have been hot dogging it a little bit. Some have been gone through the motions and just collected a paycheck. And finally, it was gut check time when he went down and they finally pulled up their jocks straps and they went out there and they did it. But I don't know. And another thing, you know, the NCAA final four is coming up here. We got coming up next year. Up here, the same period of the book. I hope that I'll blow that to a couple more things and parting how we're external never make it here in Florida. Now, geek is a kick and one last thing in going if I call my friend Mr. Flander, a pizza dripping bud wise drinking douche. Mr. Flander. Mr. Flander. Okay. You met him on the way out of the game the other way. Yeah, he was kind of floundering on the way. Yeah. Him and the Lord. See you. Okay. We have an open line on the green line one on the star line one on the blue line. But again, I'm never getting excited at least for another year because it's going to take us that long to get naughty and it's back. We need the living and breathing people. We need the 18 to 34 year old male audience that made us like the dominant with living and breathing people. Like the people who are listening to Ron and Ron now, but never listen to AM and never heard of me or anybody on this radio station, which is the overwhelming majority because you know, it's the time goes by. It's like people are moving it with demographics. They're aging. I know that comes as a tremendous shock, but you know, it's time goes by as the stone said, but who originally saying that song is time goes by? George, as time goes by, somebody besides the stones recorded that female recording artist as time goes by. No, no, no, no, no, no. They're in faithful. Mary and faithful. God, this guy is on top years ago by as tears go by. What did I say? It's time. Wow, tears go by. Tears and time. In this case of the same. As time goes by, a lot of tears in his place as in. And I could say I take no joy in reporting these things, but I do because I predicted it and I'm not relishing it, but because I'm a part of it. I mean, he was like drowning like what Alexander was here, but when they screw around so much and they got that torpey little geek Bob Neil up there in Atlanta who was single hand elite, forget about boy Gary. It's Bob Neil who is calling all the shots on all the Cox radio stations. Make no mistake about that. And he really thinks he knows something about this business and he doesn't. He really doesn't. I mean, you know, I don't want to even go into it. I mean, he didn't even need his whole dinner with Donatella's was that. Everybody else was looking the plate and this guy like has like three strands of pasta and says, oh, geez, where's the corn fritters? You know, he just, uh, and this is that Atlanta mentality and it's never going to change. It's, uh, sad. Really sad. But hey, Bob, I hope you're having a good time up there and don't count on any world series for the Braves next week. It's 1136 at WildWD in WSUN. The goddess Randy Rhodes tonight. Hey, listen. My girlfriend is Jewish and they're worth taking on about 90 with the care for. Simon. No, no, no. What do you mean, no? Well, how long you're going now? Two years. Two years? Huh? Simon.