A Neal Roger show on you stock radio's 610 WIOD. I know that the Lord even loves Neal Roger's. First you get down on your knees, but always your rosaries, now you're head with great respect and turn your back to the flexing of the clock. You know whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the content everybody says on curiosity, it's on doing the vining and ride. Get in line in that procession, step into that small confessional, there's a guy who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original, if it is, try playing it safer, take the wine and chew the wafer through four, six, eight, climb to the trans love's fancy. I'll get down upon your knees, but always your rosaries, now you're head with great respect and turn your back to the flexing of the clock. Take a cross on your abdomen, when in Rome do like a Roman, I'll be Maria. She's good to see you. Get in the x-time, and get in the car, and you're riding and doing the vining and ride. Now, go. First my tape. Oh my god, now I just want to make sure you didn't burn it yet. Anyway, it's 10 o'clock at WIO, despicking a burning man. When is somebody in this world that open up their mouth and say the god damn truth, that's what I want to know. All these assholes in the media who keep like, gulping the lily and beating around the bush and just man, I am ready to go into a four hour monologue today, the likes of which I have never done in my life. Should I do it? Why should I waste my time? Is Maria coming today, by the way? She is coming. Who is that on the phone that's in your rear there? Who was that? Oh, friend. Well, get him off the phone, friend. Well, you don't want to drive that car, I can feel it. Anyway, I'm serious. I am just about ready to go into a screaming, hopping, jumping up and down, but first, you know something, there's probably only one thing that could like pacify me today, and I know what it is. It's Vera Housekeeper. That's right. Come on over here, Drake, let's see what you got. You got to bum the anyway. So we lost last night, okay? We lost. I'll get back to the other stuff in a second. We lost. Six to three. We got pummeled. The red wings are a much better team, and we'll be lucky. We'd like to win a game, or maybe two, and that's about it. We got, and not only that, but it was the on the SPN. It was on the SPN. Thank God I didn't know that yesterday, so I hope that Robbie got to see it, because if you think I'm bringing you the tape of that, an isolation last night, you're dreaming. But I do have the highlight from the CBC. There you go. Most in the hearty night in Canada on CBC. What do you buy? Most in X4. X, there's it all. My old man. Where quality is job one? It's working. I'm very loyal and therefore, as Oziah, proud to be one of the leading sponsors of UK and Canada. And by HFC, got a habit. Got a habit. That was it. That was the highlight, then the game started. So anyway, you can't win them all, right? I got so much crap here. I'll never have time to get it all across, but here's a mobile and new poor richie. It could be our only call of the day I doubt it. Yes. Running run, fire for it. They suck. I gave them five minutes again this morning and I'm going to tell you, I'll never make the mistake again. There is nothing there. There is absolutely nothing there. Well, that's it. Listen to those down in Tampa. Yeah. And they're coming through in Tampa. On DPSJ or 101.1 out of Orlando. And you can hear a clear day right in the middle of Tampa. Yeah. And so it's now like a core battle with me. Great. Well, do you know something anybody that would waste their time going to court over those two assholes is really pathetic? I mean, if that's the idea of talent in the Tampa Bay market, then we got no, we don't have a prayer. The blob will do fine. Like I said, have a great day. Okay. I'm going to glad I took that. All right. By the way, did she get straightened out on Steve Peris? I am going to wage a holy war on this place today. The likes of which has never been heard seen felt smell. I mean, I am just full of it today. Did we get the great American anything straightened out? Did she talk to you about that? We have, listen, I want to tell you how bad it is in this place. We have clients sponsors who think that they're running on this radio station. I'm sure not only on this show, but on others who not only are not running, but are sending copy by facts here for their spots. And they don't know that they're not even on the air. So they must wonder last week or two. I'll come to not getting any response. The Peris, you idiot. You ambassador you moron. How is it possible for a person like you to get up in the morning and look your pussy in the mirror and walk around with any kind of a conscience? You subhuman, slime ball, douchebag asshole you. We're getting their facts in us copy points. They think they're running. They haven't been on the air for like a week and a half. Because the Peris wouldn't get us any copy. So they think they're running. They're not on the air. They're not on the log. You idiot. And that's the kind of business that we do here at Branch, Dividey and Radio. That's the kind of monkey business that goes on here. And like I said, they're worried about money for us to go to Tampa. They'd pee away more money here in a week than most people will ever see in a lifetime in this company. And that's the gods on his truth. If there's any gods on his truth, that's it right there. And the risk of sounding like Howard Beard. Man. Talk about the god bull shot. That's it right there in a nutshell. 1013 on the IOD network. And I'll tell you another thing. We ever get a call from that asshole Tony Allen by the way in four miles. Because today maybe the day I yank that thing right off of that goddamn radio station. Maybe we're just like window dressing because I know that's a really heavy-do-y market. But if you're going to yank the show off done, you can use this show as like kind of a play toy. Then you can stuff it right where the Mundo and shine. Okay Tony. Didn't. Now I'd like maybe what maybe the guy was wrong. Okay, we only had the one call about it. But I sure doubt it. So if there's anybody when you can get through it, we have some green lines open in four miles or Naples. If they didn't run any of the show yesterday. And that's fine. That's a paragative because they're like affiliated with CNN headline news. But don't even have the decency to call George and let us know what's going on. That's a pile of crap. You're using us like a goddamn play toy to fill up dead air down there. You idiot. You moron. You hick a yoke. You. So we'll find out from that jackass because all the big bucks I'm making from being on in four miles man, I could probably retire from that. I could go out to highly of this afternoon and bet nothing on the first race and every other race. Because that's what I'm getting for it. Zepady Duda. What races he in? Here's a new port richie. He's in there in there. Hello. Wait a minute. Let me see the great of him. Hold on a second. I just got through seeing Zepady Duda and there's a horse name Zepady Duda running today at Hylia. Let's all take off and go out there. I got a tip. Go ahead sir. I got a church story for you. Oh, it's close enough. What? I was in church this Sunday. I'm a musician now. Hallelujah sir. Past the plate and spare the ammunitioner is at the other way around. Hallelujah. Another sucker's born every minute sir. When is somebody in the world at the side that fat, slob, Son, Maria Oh, here. I'm going to get up and have the balls to tell it like it is about all this religious crap and all is eight and killing and sickness and psychosis. These, I don't know. And around here this morning a Chuck asked the religious expert on the phone. Well, was this legitimate religion? What is legitimate religion? What does that mean? Are these legitimate bubblemises? What does that mean sir? I have no idea. Do you know what a bubblemise is? I'm about to make church follower. I'm just played. Do you know what a bubblemise is. It's an old wives tale, okay. like a fairy tale you know what a fairy is uh... very on her okay go ahead uh... i'm a musician and me and a couple of my friends played uh... some him stuff in the church and the pastor's thanks uh... played with him in the church no no way what are you a priest or a musician wait this is a good part the musician priest no he's not we played in the church okay yeah that's what the priest are doing their plan to the church or the altar boys yeah and then we're like okay we sit down with your their plane with your legs no no we sit down that's where it starts with a hand on the needs are just one innocent hand on the need of the confessional and god only knows where it's gonna wind up next he he thank those for playing there and then he goes like this because now i want all the little boys and girls to come up and play with me i'm not it we lost it is like i've got to hear this one yeah but uh... what a line that is uh... yeah and he said you got down on his knees and all that little lord even loves neo-rodgers yeah he got down his knees they'll come up to circle around him isn't that beautiful i was so red i was about that way for a bit of a little something in their mouth now is a bit of a billion churches are press carrying up here here is the ever growing wean artled in here okay well listen thanks for the good news and the stay away from that crap okay what do you got there wane well what is it when i'm on here with a radio show i appreciate it very much and i'm sure it's going to be beautiful but the audience can't hear you're mumbling there in the back this is a radio show it's not like audio or graphics here the audience can't they visualize this thing it's a beautiful beautiful thing i can't see it yet look at that woo opening day in augur game it's a marlins it's like a big blow up of the ticket for the in augur game well that's beautiful wane thank you profusely god framed and thing and uh... don't put it where anybody can steal it put it right by that chair there that is the most beautiful thing that anybody is giving me in my life thank you very much no i don't that's going to be worth a fortune someday you thank you wane you're a hell of a guy wane Arnold folks america's greatest the fat man what a guy anyway it's ten uh... here's my amy hello deal yeah how can you have a start-up about she didn't read on why everybody's right now everybody's what why is everyone what your language sir okay i'm going to get into that okay it's a four-hour show all right well i think let me say this to you do you think that they knew that they were going to burn themselves up that they were going to set the place on fire did anybody anticipate that and now they're all screaming as much disdain as i may have for the fbi and some of the silly dresses they were i got to tell you this nobody in their right mind and that's the problem thought that any of these lunatics were going to burn a damn place down no you don't want to be there he walked a bit of room in burn a baby choose that he's a fakeo you know he did right and now they want to blame it on poor janitor renau and the fbi and everybody else and she handling it rather well yes she always handles it well that's the rumor don't go pick it on janiman she'll tell you it will mushroom in no time so now she's talking about quit she's not going to quit she just she said but she said was that if she if anybody finds that she did something wrong she's willing to kill the she'll hand in a resignation right now like that's really going to happen no chance all right listen i just started listening to you about a month ago yeah enjoy the show yeah and uh hey thanks okay you don't have to suck around see open line in date 1022 on the iod network you know sooner or later almost everything ends up down in your carpeting including some things we probably can't even talk about thanks the latest news from the 610 wio denue center e-joward plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast i know that the lord even loves neo-rotters caplick questioning your faith feel you need divine intervention or at least divine counsel well now there's a hotline just for you you have reached the Vatican today's moral issue abortion if you are pro choice first one thank you you are going straight to hell find out where the church stands on today's issues and where you stand with the church today's moral issue birth control if you use contraceptives first one thank you you are going straight get the straight food from the fun of 24 hours a day seven days a week call 1 900 hey poll today's moral issue pre-marital sex if you engage in pre-marital sex first one thank you have fun while you can because you are going straight to hell call 1 900 hey poll that's 1 980 yp obe just 50 cents a minute remember you can pay now or pay later 1027 so anyway did we get a call from a tonney alonho dietta we found out what the real story is down there see this thing with a religion it's uh it's like the same thing with the survey they just allegedly took a week or two ago about how many fangs there are and it's like it's like all of these surveys people tell you what they expect what you expect the palatable answer is to be which is why nobody anywhere in the mainstream media is going to say anything negative about religion because they don't want to offend anybody that's why they every time they take a poll and they say do you believe in God first set of the people respond yes that's correct because uh that's what they feel is the uh the expected answer where the hell is that card where the hell is my uh by damn bridge tender uh she's don't tell me I got the bridge tender down to a deep sea uh do a deep need bands or something absolutely correct okay I feel better now here's a telehassy hello hey Neil yeah question for you yeah who's the announcers at the inn and birth crash uh I don't know well I think he would have been perfect for the for the wake-o I remember seeing it he just went to pieces yeah he would have been good to bring back it's a terrific catastrophe yeah I think that would have been perfect for him he would have been let's bring him back yeah and uh I just like to say that he ate the three he is a stock hole get a new phone wait a crappy phone so anyway getting back to all this uh you know is it mainstream religion what the hell does that mean what does that mean and then they're so they're so cautious that they want to make sure you understand the difference between mainstream religions and cults oh yeah hallelujah like there's a big difference like nobody in the world gets killed because of mainstream religion because that's the good stuff it's all these wackos and wakeo and all these cultists they're the ones that do these heinous things and like emulate all their uh things all their members or drink coolators stuff like that emulate and emulate for that's a beautiful thing that we in Arnold brought me got I wish you could see it it's in a beautiful black frame with a black background and it's that huge poster the blow up of the inaugural game big game tonight I'll be there Marlins in the Braves Ryan Bowen kicks the crap out of Greg Maddox but anyway getting back to this stuff I came in today and I was primed and ready to do a four hour goddamn monologue because isn't there anybody in this world who's got any balls at all wow it's not commercially expedient it's not popular who gives a crap it's commercially expedient that's popular to put some fatt fascist on the era of a day spewing hate that's commercially expedient and popular I mean what the hell is that all about but if anybody dares to come on here like yesterday afternoon I'm scouring the satellite to try to get all the news that I can't about what's going on and seeing how they're covering this thing and here's Donahue now I'm Donahue has fed the baby for on the satellite at four o'clock any afternoon and what has he got on he's got this black dude on who's got some new movie coming out about how Jesus was black and they're all there going on and having this big argument they're about how maybe clear Patrick was black and was Moses was black and we don't have any role models and I and I'm thinking of myself when are you going to start dealing with reality man God take a look in the hood and stop with all this crap with all these bubble mice he's with all these fairy tales with all this garbage with all these excuses that people used to justify their hate like good old doctor Kennedy up there at the curlbridge press material in church in four otterdale there's another good one for you who's he you know the thing a couple of years ago was all the the backhanded attacks on the Jews and the liberals that they're all Jews and they're this and now it's the fangs and it's always just another excuse because the Bible says this and if here we are it's almost a year 2000 and most of the minds of the people on this pathetic planet are still like held in there like in prison and who is that on that line on here? God who is that? God I like to blow my brains out who is that? Who was it? Yes? Well get him out of here. Don't call here and tie up George with the get the crap I'm sitting here doing a radio showing people are calling up here having a conversation with George he didn't come in here to talk to you as he came in here to sit and have a free lunch God what were they talking about just out of curiosity just crap we're running on we don't care about Ron and Ron the sky is falling they're showing the same damn pictures of the fire again here he has today and we got people talking is Ron and Ron worth wasting time talking about I got news for you joys got more talent than Ron and Ron put together and joy has no talent well close to none I mean even getting out of bed in the morning we require some talent they suck they're in abortion they're an embarrassment and if that's the epitome of what goes as good radio in the Tampa Bay market that's a hell of a commentary on the people in that market that's all I can say those are the Lardass Limbao listeners of tomorrow are the people who listen to Ron Ron young rednecks that's their audience but anyway getting back to my pontification for the pontiff let me say it again this world is a slaughterhouse man it's a manhouse I was standing shaving into bathroom this morning and a mosquito the first one I've seen in the house this year so far but I'm sure not the last mosquito is on a waller and I reached over it like that and I was thinking of myself and I'm not making this up I was thinking of myself you know mosquitoes are like humans