I know. Yeah, they in Gainesville, like, and actually here why an F-ores on AM, unless they're sitting under just the right tree with their ass bent in the right position, they can't hear it. Exactly. On AM. What I'm telling you. Well, this is this company. You have any idea how frustrating this week has been? I mean, you know, I'm ecstatic that we got the chance to be on there, and I'm doubly ecstatic, because it proves that there was an entire living and breathing audience. And they're all throughout the rest of this state that we just love to listen to the station all of God damn time. But we stick it on a crappy AM station with a mediocre signal that cracks poppills and pukes, and that's it. Well, it's not just a signal. The callers that have been calling for Missouri are better. I mean, the whole show, a million times better. A million times better. And I look, the first time we went over there, months ago, many months ago, and we did our first appearance in Tampa, we went to that clear water mall. We had literally thousands of people, okay? And it was great. The only thing that I noticed that was different, including the last time we went to the West Shore Mall, we had a lot of people then too. It was not as many, but still a really good turnout. But not, you know, not the same crowd that we usually get, not as many young people, not as many like college people or you know what I'm saying? It was more like middle-aged and older and craggy and those picking people. The AM listeners, which is okay. I mean, we love anybody and everybody who dares to be great and listen, but at the same time, we'd like to read those people that were trying to reach in the first place, like over here. Well, it's been great. It's like I said, over in the series, we're so deprived. We get things. They take them away from us. It was like a new toy this week. I said, I said, I said, I said, Bob, Neil, I said to Bob Neil, I said to Bob Neil, a point of how stupid they are. I said, I got a great idea for you guys. Why don't you just put a promo on an endless loop? About listen to a last sitter and Neil, a Rick and Suds and Randy, they're great on 620, WSUN and just play that on YNF from now till the end of time. Then you could say we, we look at the promotion we gave you, went out and bought a whole radio station to promote you instead of putting us on there. They bought us a radio station to promote us on for a week. Too much. Incredible. And then, when he heard that deal where he fought the Ronin Ron was coming back to 95, he was scared to death the other day. Oh, he got. He was, man, I was sad. I call him a bullotomic, give my hard time. He called me at home on Tuesday afternoon. I thought, no, Wednesday afternoon. I thought this man was going to blow his brains out. You could hear his eyelids flapping. I hear the skin flapping. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I felt so sorry for him. He's worked so hard. Yeah. No, no, I want to say this again. He and I would be each other a lot, but I'm going to say this. They have taken this fat guy. They have sat him in an empty studio to do a morning show. Anybody who knows anything about radio knows that if you're going to do like an entertainment show in a morning and carousel an icy young lady and all that, and spite of what Randy says, she's a nice person. But she's a board-off. She's not like a sidekick. She doesn't bring a lot to the, you know what I'm saying? Exactly. We would have to have a couple of goofballs in there. You have to have a newsperson that you can bounce off of. You have to have some fun. And here's this poor guy sitting in there, sweating his balls off every day. He's like desperately trying to find a call besides a genome for moisture and PJ and TJ and the dead one from Newport Richie. And it's almost impossible. And you know, he's holding his own. He's hanging on there. He's built a little bit of a thing. But they got to give more than that to work with and they just don't want to do it. They want this company and I'm not joking what I say this. They want you to make to spin gold out of chicken crap. Yeah. And if there's anybody in the audience and know how to do that, please, I'll be glad to invest in your spinning wheel or whatever you need because I don't know how to do that. How do you make gold out of chicken crap? Well, let me tell you this. And your number is would have been phenomenal here. It caught on really quick within one week. It's amazing. I mean, to even here, like I said, the Mexican restaurant, it would have worked very well. I told that week you do a seven or eight year if they would leave us in one. Oh, you really think so? Well, how the hell do you ever know, I'm telling you, find out. And I'm going to tell you another thing, if they put some bogus crap on the worm, which they probably know, they do that. Then I'm really going to be ticked off. Yeah. Well, because the, I want John, I want to say that. I want to say this one more time. And he didn't deny it. The real reason that we're going back on S.U.N. and staying on that AM is because they bought that station, they haven't got the foggyest idea of what to do with it. They're paying us almost nothing to be on over there. They're milking us and using us and manipulating us in squeeze in a soft over here. And they're just praying that they can make that because they have no idea what else to put on that station. And that's the only reason we're on AM is because they don't know what to do with it. I can tell what to do with it. Exactly. But it works so well this week. It's amazing. Yeah. They are amazing. They keep, he was Bob Newell's asked me this voice. You mean to say you had no cry. I said, I had maybe a couple of complaints. And those were basically people who were upset that they lost their music, but not angry with us and didn't dislike what we're doing, but they were just wondering where the hell are music went. The only couple of calls we had that were like negative work were cranks. Right. And I bet even those people that were upset about the music, even by the end of this week, you know they're enjoying the show. Exactly. I don't hear any grumbling in a morning. I mean, starting Monday morning, I'd hate to have to be the one who's going to feel the phone calls. I bet you they got the phone off the hook Monday for about the next six months over there. Yeah. Well, come ask the favor. Go ahead. Can you play that Camero card for me to come out row? You know what I'm saying? Making fun of Cameroes. And I wanted to say something right now. Okay. Talk 39 at W.I. That's what Father O'Toole said. A little as all you need. Is that what he said? We have an open line at Broward, 5-2-4, but a lot is better. Here's Fort Myers where we're going off because I'm disgusting and gross. Hey Neil, speaking of pre-sans of hockey, you know, the pre-sans like to get their future none by the second period too. So. Oh. Yeah. Okay. You're still on. Shocker, isn't it? Wonderful. It's amazing. Yeah. Now, I'm not really. I waited too long to get cut off today. So now I read your thing and you knew his paper there. The shock jock is being dropped because he took the name of the Lord and Vain to offer I guess. Father O'Toole. God. So anytime they want to put a deal, you're going to call your shock jack. Yeah. Why is that? This expression shock-jock, which is another creation of these media assholes is so ridiculous. Anybody that says crap on E.R. as a shock-jock. If they don't like you, they call your shock-jock. Right. If you're outrageous, if you're not just sitting there with your hand over your ear, right, and toning for the audience for the masses, saying all the very polite crap that almost everybody else says, then you're a shock-jock and you're trying to titulate the audience of the crap. Oh. To sit titulate. I said titulate. Well, they don't be in the paper tomorrow. That will be in E.R. tomorrow. And big bull letters on a front page titulate. Well, believe me, I didn't come to Fort Myers by choice. I got relegated here on transfer. Fort Myers is such a little horse and buggy, potunk town and one thing that I credit, I'm not saying that now. I've said that all long since the day Tony Allen put us on a year. I have no idea why put us on a year. And all we were doing was hoaring the signal because there were some people living and breathing people over there, a small segment of who really enjoyed the show. And that was it. That's all. Exactly. Nothing. No comedy clubs. Nothing to do. It's no place to go. Nothing to see. Speaking of Tony Allen, I got a good spy report on that dude. Yeah. His latest hangout is one of their new sponsors. One of the girls was telling me this one of the girls that works there is a place called Mermaid. Really? And it's a titdy bar and they say that he spends the whole entire afternoon camping one of their boosters in the back there. What's possible when I was talking about that? Yeah. I love that every day. I love that quote again for Mermaid says the main objection listener said was that I used a lot of bad language. Especially objective when they took God's name in vain. And this is a guy who calls up nosies on the ear and says, what's possible when I was talking about these? It says the F word on the ear. I think you're like that. I'm three radio stations on S.U.N. I.O.D. and W.W. C.N. I'm three stations blurt out the F word. And this is a man who's worried that I used the name of the Lord in vain. Well, you know, he searched well. I guess we could have said the F word. I would have been okay, but just don't say, oh God, that's good. Well, he's such a perist. He takes that broker's money from the broker's chosen. He takes it down and gets lap dances with it. Yeah. Well, he's almost as pious as a buddy but packs him from the home of Schlocknetwork. But there's got to be his good Christian values over there. Did you hear that thing? The packs and brock can't be put on your station. You're not just here to make a living. You're here as part of a team to show that a Christian approach to business can succeed in a secular world. I wonder how Dean Goodman, the general manager of Love 94 over there in that same building with buddy. But I wonder how he feels about that with his star David Hangin' around his neck. How about you? You don't wear that to work? Well, maybe Tony Allen was sitting well there. You know the hop-pack, we're seeing all. Yeah. He would just be. He would hop right on that pack. Hop, interesting. Well, have a great day, pal. Hangin' there. Okay, I'll get worse. We have an open line on the green line. We should mention that 1-800-944-WildD. And I want to say it again, starting Monday morning, 6.20 on AM. So we're on there right now. In fact, you can tune over there right now on AM just to get the feel of it in here. All that noise and static and stuff, I get used to it. All these new people that we got on Y&F, they're like 1,000. I'm sure 1,000 of them, which quite frankly is a hell of a lot more than we ever had in S.U.N. the first place. Because we've never been exposed, if I can say that before to the real audience that we're looking for. By the way, thanks to, I got more stuff in the mail today and then the effects and all, this was a moment to stay. And then we even had a little Torpy Bob deal on here. Ever seen him and David Paul together? Unbelievable. That's why he hired him because they look alike. That's the only reason they're from the same tree. They were hatched from the same egg under an old oak tree and an tree. In fact, ain't that the tree we're in, baby was up. I think right next to that tree, they were doing it. And there was this big, gigantic old egg. What year was that deliverance about 75? That's somewhere around there. Yeah. That would be just about right. So anyway, here's Howard in Lake Worth. Oh, that's not the right. Howard wants it all about a satellite. This, come on, Howard. It's a wrong envelope. Jeez, Howard. Oh, man. I'll write to you Howard. I'll send you all the stuff from my satellite TV guide. You'll get all the packages. You get every. I'm going to take care of Howard. You're not the guy I want. Believe me. No, here's the thing. Now, that's not it either. Wait, is this it? Here it is. From John in St. Pete, who said a letter complaining about a few things on FLA to OPY gave Hobbes, ops manager, OAK OPY. In fact, have you ever seen OPY and Bob Neal together, huh? Unbelatable. And OPY and Bob Neal and David Paul. Oh, man. The geek trio. So anyway, Gabe Bo Wright's in back this long letter. I'm sorry. It took so long to respond to your letter offering some criticisms in the 1970 WFLA. I wanted to wait until the spring arbitron ratings came out before I respond to just in case you were onto something. Our growth in market dominance continues to be phenomenal. I'm sorry if I sound like I'm bragging, but it is nonetheless true. WSUN after 15 months on the year continues to flounder near the bottom of the ratings. Okay. Since Lard asks Limbaugh is the number one rated program in 10.