Think we have cut it as close to the bone as we possibly can. Oh! You've talked radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD and Bellsouth mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. Now the Neal Roger Show on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. It's Friday, you best dude. Oh, I thought we'd step my tongue down the floor. We read it on the front page. New girls don't satisfy your eyes just like to try your waltz. So bring your lips and range, meet up to today. Okay, I don't know my knees. Bag in your please. I know you're a whole mind. I just have enough of that muscle stuff. They even check out my behind. Yeah, like what you are. Only that the boy that I can't say That this old boy has been a long day Yeah, yeah, I'm bad. I know And Jerry's good for show, but she's not like him Oh no, no, it's not, I know Which holly like to flow when I like him So only that boy, I know We're dancing in the sheets and then we like dance Only that boy that I know Call those women that they like, I know how they show They can't be heard without of course one of our very favorite people Here she is Here I am There you are Thanks for calling Happy gosh holidays Happy thanks for calling Yes Right, how are you? I want to tell you that the ladies are like a ham too Right Are they still alive? She's good She wishes you happy holiday Well the same tour She has two children Right And they age a sandwich for lunch Beautiful They age a dinner at night They finished it in the week and it was so delicious Well that's great There's nothing better than we could do than For our meat with those who need it Right, it was cooked and sliced I'm ready to eat You don't have to cook as a reason Right If I had known I would have kept it There you go That's why we kept you in the dark Right Well the next time you have it, I will order it Okay So how are you feeling? Listen, your kosher one next time we'll put a little circle You want to buy them of it I'm doing okay I'm a little plugged up yet But I'll get all these things I know it took me three weeks Did it really? Yeah Yeah. But it was worth it. You know, it was worth my trip out there and I got to see the concert and got to see the MGM grand and just had a good time all the way around. Yeah, it was makes me so. Made a few dollars. It's a track last night. Huh? I said I made a few bucks at Poppetal Park last night. I said, Rich made a few bucks at the track last night. There's a young guy from New York, a real gambler type of set at the table next to us. One $3,000 last night. Oh, my. At the lucky table next to us. I guess that's the lucky table. We're going to have to start moving and change your luck. Right. Yeah. Well, I was busy listening to the concert at Conorkey Hall of the Christmas Hall. Whatever it is, yeah. Because the symphony. Uh-huh. And from the Vienna symphony concert. The Vienna Boys choir. Right. They're all stopping by at the rectorita checking with the art's bishop when they're done. Well, when they get done. Yeah. I was in that church. I think it's called Saint-Denson. Something like that. Yeah. Well, I wasn't wish you good health. And the same to you. And thank you for everything. And don't forget. Happy Bloom and Stockholm. Never too early for a home and talk. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Open line on a blue line. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. And the star line. If you got Bellsoppability only. Because we lie a lot. We said we're going to have a line for cell one. And maybe we will someday if you live long enough. But don't hold your breath. 10, after noon at WIOD and WSUN. Tonight, after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike. You're so great. You're sick, dear. Come when you are guilty. This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? Will they curse my name? If I farted in heaven. Would I stand the shame? If I fart in heaven. Would the launch sound send me straight to hell? I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I'm going to turn the radio off. I listen to you and then reconcered to nothing to listen to. He's going to be able to do is go back to FLA without going back there. He's going to be able to do the FLA show and get all his old yentres back and do it on SUN. But luckily it'll be after me and not be for me. I believe in inheriting an audience from Ron and Ron. He'll be a hell of a lot of digger pleasure over there. It's a good move for me. What's all these things are under in the goddamn computer anymore. Sally fits when her battery's grip rick in suds, when they're pulling their cuts. Joey blows. Oh, that most everyone knows. That's just great radio. Larry King. With that ball spot thing and there's Jim. We know what Neil thinks of him, Randy Rolls. When she speaks of her nose, that's just great radio. Management, they're off-mensch and just running the show. So they're just a bag of rants and douchebags. I know. They don't even know when to go so and deal gets division. It's just what we're missing for and so. As we all hear a show made by Paul and if you have the ball spot to me, oh, and I'm sure you'll feel as if God, I'll make tripping one of just great radio. Okay, that was recorded back in the days when everything was in great shape with guitar man and he was good friend of all of ours and he was still doing stuff. And now that's history. One is it like about three, four months since he's done a bit for us. 11, 12, 20, not that I'm complaining mind you, but never happened again. They just destroyed it. They killed him. West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you want to say Merry Christmas. And the same to you, sir. Have my Missile Toa belt buckle on. Beauty. Okay. I was wondering if you could play that Matelica does Barney thing. Matelica does Barney. Yeah, listen. He wants to talk to you all the second. Okay. You're working. You're working. You're working. You got that? I got it. Okay. I'm trying to get rid of it. I'll dig it out for you, pal. Thank you. See you. Where the hell am I going to find that? It's on one of those in there somewhere. Well, he'll be something to do during these long breaks. 12, 21, a WIO DnWS-UN. Tonight at 8 following sports talks 6-10, it's Randy Rose. You're so crazy, you're saying. Come on, you're my L.T. You don't sure am I. Ready? Why is no one. Listen to that. How do you like it? I like it. Somebody monged on the Arkansas State song. Look at that. You don't think it had to do with any with Bill and Hillary. Let me see if I can wipe that off. And the CD2. That's disgusting. That's one of our most important bits. I'm scouring to find that guy. He's a stupid, barning metallic of things. There we go. No, it's still a stupid. Isn't it? It's a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit. All right. We'll have to work on wiping it. And the CD2. See, that's the thing. What's going to happen with these new DAT things? What does that kind of finally happen? So we don't have to. First it was with tapes. And these distratch and used to snap and they would break. Then we got CDs. And then it turns out they scratch it like if you get mong on them. Then they like hop around or if you're in your car and you hit the railroad tracks. They like bounce all over the goddamn place. And I get very, very upset about that. Boy, somebody really didn't number on this. They must have got really excited on that number. Is it 120? One is that where the thing is? Probably the one that's missing 120. Seven is the one that he's looking for. Huh? There's one that keeps missing. It must be something that we're playing that is not marked. Do not play it. That's a really funny thing. I won 27. And it keeps disappearing out of there. It's about to throw out. Here it is. Damn it. I found it. See, if I could be honest and say, I really worked like crazy to fight it for a pound. I couldn't find it. Then I wouldn't feel bad. But I worked like crazy to fight it for you. And I found it. Damn it. I love you. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. You found me. Oh. Oh, you found me. So let me ask you. It was the worth all the effort. 1226 to WOD. I want to play this screw that thing. I want to play this thing one more time. And see if I was able to smear the thing off it. It's about time since we still have two hours left in the computer that we started putting some of this in loading it in there. Which I think maybe next weekend one day if there's time I'll come and put some stuff on a wheel. Remember that was another one of the highlights of 93. The big frothing at the mouth here about the computer project, which was a brilliant idea and works out very nicely for us like right at the touch of a finger tip. We got all that stuff. We got two or three cart racks in here. We got a little bit better organized. But oh my god. Do it our way and take control yourself because don't expect anybody in programming or middle-level management to take control of this massive project because we can't be bothered with it. And then when we did work our ass and just put all kinds of stuff in there, oh no, the stuff is too long. You got too many long bits in there. Take it all out. Take it all out because there are people who desperately and frankly need that time. We've only got limited number of hours in the computer. We've only got so much hard drive if I can say that. And here it is like the end of the year and there's like two hours one minute and six seconds still left in there. Just dying in there. What the heck I got? Well I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well my daddy is my uncle. Joe, my mother is my dear and flow. It is very plain to see. My first cousin is me. Okay, 12, 28. That was worth it. I just kept wiping that thing and wiping it and the CD2 and look what came out. Here's an orthomybe, hello. Yeah, an uncle, no. Yes sir, happy holidays. And the same to you my good close personal friend. And wherever you might be. And I'd like to say for the record. Yes. That the pants are a great hockey club. Oh. You bet. And Bobby clock and Roger Nielsen have done a great job. Yep. And I'd like to... And don't forget our great goalie coach Billy Smith. Well you know, much hated by Ranger fans from coast to coast. Well been, been busy is a great goalie. Been busy, yep. But anyways, I'd like to report a little holiday misfortune to you. Yes. And I'd like to send it out over the air wave. And to cheer up the rest of us. Yes. And that I'd like to call whoever stole my minivan with the few press. And it's a few presence I had in it last night that he is a major douchebag. I would go a little bit beyond that. I would say, that's all. It would be more like it. Thank you. Okay. I, and good luck to you my friend. Obviously you needed, but don't let it get you down. I think it's going to be a good friend. There you go. All right. Thank you. Good luck. Have a great holiday. Bye. Bye. Is it done or a leave? Or does it involve your behind? Stomp the room and things that only gaze to this? I know. Most states have lost. You could be jailed or they are fine. Listen it now. Must be with your face. Okay. Hold side of me. Be the plump for club's right. Arts back or on bend and knee. Hold side of me. The front door's so backside. Just go and ask to get a d. As long as my face isn't as bad as you'll ever see it. People without health care, folks lack in livelihood. The way they act is really what is new. Well, there's Helms to model specter. And hold it by back or word. No matter where you stick it, we get screwed. Love out of me. The sun has lost its mind. There's hunger, drugs, and crime, God knows. Love out of me. There's heavy dog and kind. With feelings on the lace of you. No review of 1993 would be complete without little sawdemy. No question about that. Make all those right wingers nervous and excited. I've already gone through two things that these halls met to lift us by the way. These are outstanding. I hold a life revolves around fix and halls met to lift us. We have an open line in date, so and Chris 751. Oh, now forget about Chris. Chris is like a nice guy, but definitely jail-bait. What the hell was he doing here yesterday? Open line and Broward, 5249463. Let's go to Tampa. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? Can you tell me what these guys are thinking about this runner run? What does that mean? A negative call about Ron and Ron on S.U.N. Are you crazy? They are an FM. What does that mean? What if it doesn't make you if they're on FM or PM? It's the same show. I can't even believe I'm going to say this, but it's almost an ingenious move. A way to get people in that market who are definitely locked into FM to turn over to AM. Why do they have to have two plus stations that could make you guys all happy? Well, but that's never going to happen. Don't you understand their philosophy about FM is that it's got to be a jukebox. Don't you understand that? They want FM. The crank out big bucks at the lowest possible overhead and that's their whole philosophy about FM. We got that if you walk down the hall over here, we got right next door is the coast and a little few feet further down the hall is hot 105. They got people sitting in their regions, 3 by 5 cards popping out the slush and that's the ride and pouring money through there like a monkey grinder and that's the idea of FM. Don't you understand this company? I don't understand. If they would have left us on Y and F and if then then they would have done this thing and put while Ron and Ron on the morning back on Y and F, we could have had a 10-year week at a on the market over there. If they're trying to be so much like Howard Howard on FM. Yeah. Well, if they really had better. If they really had balls, they put Howard on both on S you went in the morning and over here on IOD in the morning but they don't have any. They don't have any. No, none. And like I said before, they could get Howard on both stations for I'm sure less than what they're going to pay these two bosos but they'll get good numbers. They'll get big numbers over there. And why they have to get rid of it in such a way when they just put blob, breeding three by five cards somewhere if they had to keep his contract. Beats a hell out of me. They feel that blob is the, he is the Tampa Bay. He's what Tampa Bay is all about. Which is how long? The prizes are any Christ. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. 666 to you. We have an open line in the Green Line. Nice day. Who's going to save a great holiday. And back to you, sir. 1-800-944-9463 and somebody in Broward just expired. That's unusual at 524-9463. 1235-WiodWS-UN. It's the latest news from the 610-Wiodnew Center each hour. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Come on, you are your team. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to have. All that I have to give is my penis, my brother's, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world. Come on, running up and down courts along your men. Oh! Wearing really tight shorts, they're so sweaty. When they jump through the air and they don't have a lunder where faith. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey That's how Picnic King begins talking to you the best fastest program ever in January? I had to come here start tomorrow, Frühdwund! So do you remember Can He Watch Chris? Yeah, E.s. You know, Danny, I mean, where do you go? I lived like a tall baby, I had nothing to do with it. Something like that, I am not a gentleman, but he is a puppy, yeah, he is a puppy, and I have already been a sitting dog So we can watch those young men dribble all over the court. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. It's my phone. It's screwed up. How are you? How are you? Great. We were going to get a little of a glimpse about how you were. Uh-huh. I'm all right. Just a little plugged up. I'm calling about guiding light. Okay. The reason I'm calling my husband and I were I taped it every day. We were watching it morning. And my husband asked me, is there anyone to wish on this soap opera? Yeah. And I said, no. I don't think so. And he said, I think you ought to call me all. And that's meant there's anybody you wish on any soap opera. So what did you opinion? That's a good question. Because I have never seen anyone with a Yamagal on. Maybe blacky back when he was on guiding light. John Stamos, but I think he's Greek. Yeah. But I do believe he's circumcised. They've got every sort of nationality including Greek. No Jews. I'm guiding light. They even had a gay character on one life to live. Or one of those soap poppers. They had a kid who was accused of doing it with a priest, which I know is very unusual. But so they've had everything except Jews on soap opera. That's correct. You didn't see anybody celebrating Hanagad. Isn't that interesting? We just thought that we would ask your opinion. Never thought about that before we got black people. We got do we have any Mexicans? Well, we had raf on that show that went off the air. What was the name of that show, George? And we liked so much that went off. Santa Barbara? Santa Barbara, there you go. Did you watch that? No, I didn't. I watched that thing right. There were some interesting people on Santa Barbara. That's why I went off. But I don't know if any Jews on any soap opera. I just, we, my husband's actually wondering about that. Yeah. Because the only ones he sees are the ones that I tape. Since those days in Germany Jews get very nervous when they get too close to bars. Certain types of bars are soap. That could be. They may have something to do with it. They're way from those soaps. I don't know if you get on a satellite, but no guiding light today. No. No, it's not on period. It's preempted by what? What kind of crap did they got on there? College football. Yeah, they got football on and see, this is the deal now. We got all this college football and bull games. So it's going to be very sparse. And that's why it's going to take a real loyal and dedicated fan like you and I to find out where to help it is. That's why yesterday they gave us yesterday was like a Friday show. Yes, exactly. Because at the end of the show, she walks in the apartment. There is Roger in the dark and he's, oh my God, her eyes come bulging out of her forehead. And he's all disheveled and unshaven. And it's enough to make you pee in your pantaloonies. A little bit of grime on his teeth. Yeah, that's limey. And don't you wonder with his armistalling how he decorated the whole tree? Yeah, decorated the tree. He rat the Christmas gift. He put her on the tree. He's eaten cookies in milk. I mean, what the probably called out for a couple of pizzas in dominoes? He's not on the fire. He's not on the fire. Beautiful. I mean, boy, he just thinks of everything. Only on that show. Can they do it? Well, Neil, we want to wish he was like a son. And the same to here. And the care you said. And you too. All right. Bye. Bye. As a matter of fact, speaking of yesterday being like a Friday show on guiding light, I'm at the track last night at Pompano Park, which I had finally a pretty decent night thank you. And just missed by a nose of having a very big night. But anyway, I'm thinking of myself, this is Friday. I mean, yesterday, I was positive that, yes, in fact, I'm convinced today a Saturday. I'm sitting here right now and I'm thinking about like, what the isn't it? It's got to be Saturday. I was so sure I was confident that it was Friday. I never go to the track on Thursday night. I'm always there on Friday night. It felt like a Friday. It looked like a Friday. It had to be a Friday. And then this morning, the alarm went off and I said, crap, it's Friday. By the way, within about next 10, 12 minutes, Mike did else should be showing up here with my Busca Unimal Head CD from Luis Miguel, allegedly. And if he doesn't charge his in for a real big surprise, like I'm driving the Toyota home today. Anyway, here's Carl Springs on the star line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Nora on one life to live. Nora is Jewish? Yes, she did. He's got a manure on land, we can everything like that. Nora with a manure. Yeah. He know, Nora. Exactly. And she used to be married to this black guy on there and they have a daughter. Do it some black. Are you vey? So there's your ride. Not that they're pandering or there's any tokenism on that show, right? Oh, no, no, no, no. Outstanding. Thank you so much. And same to you, Zagazon. Thank you. Okay. So, I'm going to open line on the star line. That's what we always say in Christmas, isn't it? Zagazon? Something like that. Or Gizon, hi. Here is the lady in Tamarack. No, it is no lady in Tamarack. She's long gone. She just crapped out. Maybe she was going to tell me the same thing, probably. One of our soap ladies. Open line and Broward, five, two, four soap. Let's do a Sarasota. Hello. Hi. Hi. I'm wondering if you can play the sub-song parody, the Christmas song parody that goes to God Rescue Mary Gentleman. And it's about the guy that wants to catch little creep head The nurse is switched to sign on the restroom door. What is that? Is that a ricken-sud sting maybe? I don't know who sings it, but it's really funny and it's really good. Where did you hear it? Unfortunately, I heard it on a Tampa station. I heard it last year. Last year. Yeah, so I haven't heard it this year. But I know, it exists. Uh-huh. Well, if I can finger out what you're talking about, I'll see if we got it. Okay. Have a happy. Great. Thanks. Bye. Why? We have an open line and date. One on the star line and one on the green line. This is good. It's going to start titting out just a little bit. It's got to. It just has to. It can't maintain like this all the way through to two. Save your calls for jazz. Okay. He's going to be here from 2 to 6 to Santa D'Ont. He's going to do something. I'm confident. I know he's just been kind of laying back. I know he's coming in right now on his Harley. And he's getting ready to do something a little bit more than Teddy bars and drugs and bikers. Okay. So, I'm going to come out of experience in business. He's had a vast and varied life and I know that we're going to hear a lot of it today. Right? We hope. I'm sure of it. Anyway. Did she have that thing in the computer by the way? Wait a minute. It's jazz in the computer. I would sure hate to steal anything from Randy because she gets. She gets very upset about that by the way. I mean, stuff has been stolen for me so much. I couldn't even begin to document it at this point and who could care less. But boy, she is uptight and possessive and hostile about people stealing her crap in the computer or anywhere else. I don't think she must have it on a cart so I can't steal that thing. Hello. Who's this? Who's this? His teeth. Deepo. Yeah. This is Jeff Tophores to call the wish everybody married Christmas ladies in gentlemen. Hey. How you doing, Jeff? I'm doing okay. Neil, how you make a necklace? How did what? How did you make out of the track last night? Not too bad. Had a wedding night last night for a change. I know what. I get a bosoc move. I get him turned out my radio. Turn that radio down. Would you serve that to me? Please turn that radio down, sir. What are you giving away to get all these calls? Dead meat. Called middle-level management. That was the sixth source that you gave me last night. Right. That was dead meat. Way to good night last night. Yeah. Rich is hitting the computer. Rich is doing okay. He had a bad night to the last race and he pulled it right out of his butt which is quite an accomplishment in his case and had a decent night. That's kind of a caberness area. It is. A lot of winners in there believe me. So what are you doing to celebrate Christmas? Working right here. Son of a gun. I'll be right. What did you call for Jeff? I actually call to get a phone number but you said so. From George? Next thing you know, I'm on the air. From George? From George? Hang on a second. All right. And happy going to your holidays, Jeff. Thank you very much. Hang on. Okay. He'll be on tonight by the way, Defo. We have an open line in date and one on the star line. It's star-out-d. I'm just picking up all the lines today. When I see something hot flash and I'm just grabbing it. Here's a candle. Hello. I'm not ready, Neil. Okay. Hang on. He's working on it. He's getting the work up to a crescendo. Waterdale. Yeah. Have to do it. And happy Christmas to you, sir. Merry Christmas to you. And Merry New Year. Yes, sir. I'm not going to be able to make it to my home. This Christmas. So I'm going to spend it here. Listen to you and asking. I got one request. Okay. Where's your home? Well, I live in Nashville. I called you before. Oh, you live in Nashville. You're not going to be able to get there. What a good break for you. But this must be your lucky year, pal. No. My parents live up in Philly. And that's where I go every year. Uh-huh. But my request is the Allen Sherman deal from the guitar man. And I want to ask you to not to go into detail. But what happened? What exactly happened with the guitar man? And he's not doing anything. Well, what happened is that boy Gary decided. Since we were desperate for somebody on a weekend and Joey had driven away the entire weekend audience. And he was going to start taking listeners and making them into talk show host. And he put guitar man on a few weekends and kind of like, you know, it just, it was sad. It was desperate. And of course, once you put a guy on the air who's been doing creative stuff for everybody else, He's going to start doing all the stuff for himself. And so it was like shutting off our water. And since that time, we haven't had one other piece of material. Which one is it? The Allen Sherman? Well, what's the name of that? Uh-huh. I can't remember, but it's the one that, uh, that, that, that, that, it, that, that, that, that, that, it, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that. You know which one I'm talking about now. I can't remember the name of that George that Alan Sherman one that he does You're on cool. Oh, yeah, I got I thought of it myself Yeah, beautiful. I'm proud of myself. I must be making a comeback. Oh, okay. Listen have a great holiday pal Well, you're gonna be here Monday, right? Yes, sir. Oh great good at least I have something to listen to and I'll find a way too I wanted to I was gonna say the same thing that Starline caller said about the Jewish thing yeah, again in his Jewish on one life to live all right And also Let's see how it is on AM in some places right absolutely Hey listen whether it's on AM or Firm or PM or sure way if it's good. It's good. You know what I'm saying? That's very true. Like avow whether it's on a plate or a platter or on the palm of your hand. It's delicious. There you go have a good one pal. Thank you See you I saw a line of jingles and I travel on the road. Oh, and I have a lot of instruments just like Sally What a load Every day a new routine another song in that Early in the morning. I mail Neil a bit again But when I get that writers block it words refuse to flow And take a trip to Helen Dale Where life is really slow I drive into the publics and I find some parking room And the entrance and the crutches turn in a horror Come Come Shake hands with your uncle Max my boy and his sister Cheryl and you remember Isabelle that's a visual this girl And you remember the tachement is Gerald and Jerome We've all come here to greet you and to wish you welcome home Marrow as barrow as animal machelman's burger and girver as diner stalk Masque with loobweesh and barrens and prime and in five and in three minutes Hope swallow as time on my love and I'm loving will vent skila vegan love I rubber girl slumber to make some pigus his time with the eyes time with a why Now here's your uncle's out my boy with all the family poop and here's your cousin Randy with her goddamn chicken soup Oh whenever you're on the road, my boy Come back and see us soon For all the air when you come back to wish you Come Come Beauty let's do a mobile real quick in Miami hello hello Neil yes, sir. Yeah. I want to give you a heavenly hand update. Okay. I was online for a half hours They're doing a booming business and I want to thank you are you there? I'm here. Okay. I want to thank you for the hand. Okay, but they're doing a heck of a business If you're gonna get a ham for a holiday you better get online now. Okay. All right. Have a nice day. See ya Okay, there's a little heavenly hand reports. You only show it America. We get like a meat report in the middle of the show We have an open line in date in one and Broward. It's 1251 at W. I would dnws. You went This afternoon at two it's Rick and Sads then it's six it's sports talk six 10 1253 a wild here's our good friend Lee Ryan in Prescut Arizona who must be desperate on the day before Christmas Hello, you're Merry Christmas uncle me. Yeah the same to you Lee guess what what I'm going to San Diego Monday night to see us a kicks a mass We hope absolutely yeah I am I am you don't sound real excited about well competence is a little bit diminished lately And we've had three brutal games in a row and we're just not gonna get not gonna get overly optimistic Okay, well, I'm going there so that they've got a better win or else They better win or else we're hoping for the best we're not gonna build up our hopes and then we hope to be pleasantly surprised There we go right. They won't be going to the Super Bowl or much of any place else There you go. How's it? How do you team doing? hockey team is kicking some serious ass. We beat the Red Hot New York Rangers on Wednesday night in broke my Quick there's a goalie streak that is unbeaten streak We beat him three to two the hottest team in a league and we're right in the thick of the fight for the playoffs And we're doing great Well, that sounds we're gonna be the best expansion team in the history of sports by the end of the season. I do believe So how is it take a sales going everybody be fine tickets to the three sell outs in a row? Wow, and we've broken to season the Tenits record each one of those three games that's been packed in them in that's all the knee sayers out there Remember family summer well a raffle a crap you know how this town is I tell you what well I'm enjoying living in Arizona uncle meal my kids are flourishing out here We got just a little bit of snow in the ground to make a Christmas Don't have any snow yet, but I'll tell you she was cold as hell here. Well, it's it's really really cool It's gray and it's cold and it's gonna be in the 40s over the weekend So those people always screaming about well I missed the North. They won't get the snow but they'll get plenty cold. A freeze the rest off Well, there you go there you go. Well, I just wanted I just wanted to share that I will be in road 22 in the end zone So look for our sign and I wasn't that far from me last weekend I was out there in Vegas for my Luis Miguel concert in the seasers and I got to see the a grand opening of the MGM grand, which is the most amazing place ever seen oh, I bet I'm dying to go to Vegas now because it looks like it's changed So mom, oh, you wouldn't even recognize it was the last time you were there never you've never been there Well, I guess you wouldn't recognize How can you be in Preskatera zone and you've never been to Vegas Lee? Well, after the holidays were going I want to go to Tahoe too. Forget about Tahoe. Just go to Vegas for the time being believe me Be the highlight of your life. I'll take your work for it. What do you have a great holiday? Okay, thanks. Great CD and kick some ass for us Monday. Oh, we will have we'll be For okay, bye. My name is Sam Tia She sounds like she really misses it here. You know, I can't imagine why but if I were in Preskatera zone I'm almost any place we have an open line in Broward to it. Dave starting to slow down a little bit How's Mike doing with my CD by the way here? It's 1256 At 1235 George says in 20 minutes he's gonna be here with your CD and here it's 1256 Which looks like 19 minutes Huh 20 it looks like 29 minutes it looks like hours. He'll be here any second, right? Here is maybe got intercepted by jazz. Maybe he picked him up on his Honda. Here's Kendall. Hello Not ready at Neil. Now, I'm still working on it. Two open lines are both in date County 7519463 Here's a lady mobile and Davey Hi, no, hello and back to you. Hi, you great. I'm glad you had a great time in Vegas the best We're going to Vegas. Only good health would have improved it. Yeah, I too bad. Well, I want to send their Christmas to you and Happy to you and maybe you'll have a healthy 94. I sure hope so. Bye. Bye bye bye bye now Open line of day one and bro, oh, that'll help tomorrow by the way. We got like Christmas programs all the way till noon Huh, oh, I see that I don't get it. I just don't understand this whole thing. Oh, a special Christmas programming to noon And then I don't understand the whole thing till one o'clock at a afternoon then jazz will be here from 1 to 6 sports talk with Kim Bo Camp or Red 6 Special, oh, that's right tomorrow night. How can I forget is the Adam and Marvin show? I knew there was something on here that I was scouring for it's Adam and Marvin It's called the lose your license show for made to midnight tomorrow night and then the best to is it from yeah Till midnight then the best to Randy for still on the air Here's a date city. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir Mary depressing Christmas. Are you depressed? Oh, man. About one This that's you in The Comments of crap communist bunch of crap. I like your dog just I'm in this sound really depress Salah he just got through listening to the hobby or so depressed Well Bob was on today. Yeah, he was not tape. Yeah. What the whole was that it was another old John Provocator We get more of that crap from well there well for starters He was something on there for like three hours. I don't know what it was some type of poem I don't know what on a tape I didn't hear that but he had a poem for three hours last hour of the show he took calls. Yeah And that's when I heard the well, what do you mean some sort of a poem? What does that mean? I don't know with something about his like Christmas Something about his some Christmas Deal that he had or something out of what it was about everybody was calling him. Oh, that was great I want to copy in on and on and on Oh, in other words he killed some time as what it was What do you depress about I don't understand you depressed or Ron and Ron are gonna be on? No, that's okay. Yeah, the recon said part is the depressing part. Yeah, I mean like drop blob, you know and like Get rid of him. Yeah, now they love a man He fits in there like a glove. They figure we'll see a little bit of hockey top. Okay You'll have a guy that you'll just brought in. I guess to To help on some the injured list or something like that is named aches and aches. Yeah Dual aches. I think it's the bees I think the name is first name is Dallas Dallas aches. Oh, that's the from Cincinnati from the minor leagues I don't he hasn't played though. He hasn't played no. He's from date city. Is he? Yeah? Well, I'll be there He's the only NHL hockey player from Florida right Well, but keep our IP old forum. Yeah PEO for Tom Well, I say how to for I got a run have a great holiday pal. Well, I'll see you in Orlando now. Okay. All right South Florida's news talk and entertainment state news talk radio 16 W I O D my Ellie Fortlottardale Let's put on our top. That damn fact. I can't stand him. Oh Use talk radio 610 W I O D presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 W I O D from date in Broward 524 W I O D outside the 305 area code toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and bell south mobility customers make it a free call my dialect star I O D now the Neal Roger show on you talk radio 610 W I O D it's not just the one to two hour It's a phenomenon I Good This 오 still Why ha ha ha ha The short greeted The cię, how he spent on a morningatie I had to enjoy And the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other one, the other ... wounding the road with a ribbon in the car. I'm done, when I got stuck on my mind I was just born and I was so I'm not gonna have to suffer from this I'm not just sitting down on I'm not just sitting down on my mind I'm just born and on my mind I'm up. I'm not just sitting down on and I'm just sitting down on I'm just sitting down on my mind I'm just sitting down on both of his Just unbelievable. Thank you Mike that made my whole Christmas my new year, my Hanukkah. Here it is in my hand untouched by human flesh. Buska Unomuher, Boa, what an album that is and what a picture on a front of the back by the way. If there's any horny people out there of any persuasion, just imagine with a haircut on a front of the back pictures, you'll know what he looks like. And what he smells like. The way we have an open line on the blue line 5249463, it's our mammoth 1 to 2 hours. We pave the way for jazz the jazzmeister. Isn't he here yet? Where the hell is he? Probably it's some titty bar. Anywhere you're ready and can't do yet? No. Okay hang on, he's hanging on to it. Let's do a lady in clear water on a date line. Hello. Hi. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Good. How about yourself? Great. Good. I just wanted to thank you for reviving a childhood memory. And what is that? Am I allowed to say fart? The fart? The farting car. Oh, the crepitation content. I haven't heard that. I was in second grade back in Terry Hill, New Jersey. Right. Friend, you used to play that. And every time we saw a post, we go grab it and say, oh, we shot. The champion has been disqualified. Right. And I don't know, it was just fun to pee my pants. That thing's been around for over 50 years now. Has it? Yeah. Because since then, I've told people about it. I mean, great conversation. But just because it was so funny. And I have wandered where you could find something like that. Last time we were able to get it. First time I ever had it, I got a bootleg copy of it in 1963. I was working in Batavian, New York. So that's 30 years ago. And then I lost track of it. And then when I was at WI and Z, about seven, eight years ago, somebody sent us a copy of it. And we found out that Betty's rare records in Louisville of all places had a whole bunch of copies of it. And we sold it out for them. And then she went out of business, I guess. And that was the last place I knew where you could get it. She's. That thing is really funny. Yeah. We played every year on the holidays when we have time to get it in. Do you? All right. I'm also what's going on with S.U.N. Because they have promotions of Ron and Ron in the morning and last year in the afternoon. They're not acting you, are they? You see on. So I'll be, in other words, they're not promoting that I'm going to be on in between. No. Well, that's very nice. Yeah, and here I'm wondering. What am I? Chopliver now? For what they're paying me to be on over there. You can do as at least get promoted a little bit. Yeah. What about your assholes? Yeah, they are. Yeah. Just glad to know that you're still going to be on. Yeah, I'll be on. All right. Good. Because I don't know what we'll do at work without you. Okay. You have a great holiday. Okay. You do. Bye. Bye. We have an open line. It's in date. 7519463. Let's play that song again. Boy, that's a great. God. He's saying that in the concert. You know, when you go to see an artist that you like and they sing certain songs, even songs that you never really paid that much attention to before. Maybe we didn't even like that much work. When you see an artist you love performance song, then it's just all of a sudden you get hooked on that song most of the time I think. And it just enhances it in your pants. Let's do St. Petersburg. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. He caught me by the bride. caught you off guard. Yeah. With your hands full. You know Larry King was on C-Span a couple days ago, I saw. Yeah. And he's on the press club. And he was giving a little, he goes in. I guess he sucks around an answer. I'm going to trust you. He got one quoting and I could interview myself. Which I thought was pretty insightful. Yeah, that's cute. And he was the greatest interviewer. The world's greatest interviewer and also the world's the best writer of bad checks. He referred to WIOD as a little station in Miami. WIOD. I thought that was pretty good. Isn't that cute? Yeah. And a mafia. So I guess approach came in one of them to do a speech. Really? Back in the seven. He was at the station. And he said I wouldn't dare not show up. You know. I thought that was pretty pretty ridiculous. Isn't that cute? He's one talent. Yeah. How about Ron and Ron? I think it's going to really translate the good things for us, you know. I think so. I think this is the beginning. They're finally putting them on the map. You know, the beginning of the success is having a solid morning show. And that wasn't last to do. I mean, last to do is definitely not a morning guy. I think even he would admit that on an honest day. I don't know when that day will come. But he's not a morning guy. Oh my god this morning, what he was doing was like going, he does. He goes into the big story about his childhood or somebody mad and he draws it out. He tells it's like reading a book on the air. Oh, great. I like it. Jerry Wichnerism. I mean, a terminal. Like I said, he's not a morning guy unless you're in the sleep and late. So Ron and Ron will probably do about a 10-year honest you went and maybe some of that will slap over on to me. And that'll be beautiful. I love it. Yeah. We'll get a whole bunch of those FM people. The people that we were going to get if we stayed on Y and F long enough. Now they'll start discovering the rest of this stuff and will be great. Exactly. About Michael Jackson's nose. Yeah. It looks like it's going wild. I mean, I don't think he could even blow it without like switching it around. I bet he could move it. Or is no either. Or is no Zardin. Okay. Predictions. Yep. Let it go up here. Shoot the tower. Take over. Yes. What do you think? I agree. And later. I mean, all those guys. I saw a little bit like him over the track last night. I turn on the TV and I watched about 20 minutes of Dave. And I don't mind, Leder. I mean, he's okay. But there's not that much there. You know, he had Andy Williams on. I mean, let's face it, Dave. If you want to appeal to the younger demographics. Andy Williams is not the answer. Exactly. I mean, let's get cereal. I'm going to give him both away. What's he saying? Yep. Does Luis McGell overward you properly for playing his music? I hope so. Okay. I'm waiting. Have a great holiday, pal. See you. Oh. We have an open line. Just a little kiss. Okay. Right on the cheek. All those broads were kissing him on the cheek. Many had more lipstick. And then they would give him like a clean-ex. You know, he would wipe it off and his cheek too. I handed him a clean-ex and he wiped it off. Anyway, it's 115 at Wild or was it the other way around and WSUN. Have more fun. But I'll buy those. Have the most fun of all. People listening for your chance to win. Anyway, 1-18 at Wild. So yesterday, he got calls me about Fred Cusik, the guy from Boston and was asking if I had a Fred Cusik taped to play along with all my other hockey highlights. And even though it's painful, I should probably destroy it after I played this one last time because it was our worst blow job of a game of the whole year for the Panthers up in Boston. While we blew the game, we should have won it and then we let him not only tie it, but then win it in the last few seconds. But it was a great call. 30 seconds left. The in regulation. That's original. That's right. That's right. They're trying to go over the line. They do win it all in the first place. That's right. Three, two, one. Good. One. Two. Good. He's ready. Very depressing Fred. But nice call. He's always a nice call when it's ruined score. But anyway, it's 11. And let's do a call. Are you still holding? Oh, yeah. You ready? No. Okay. He'll be ready right at the bitter end. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Not ready in Fort Lauderdale either, huh? To them. Let's try sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Good. I wanted to wish you a happy holidays. And the same to you. All right. And I wanted to ask you your opinion on something. Of course. All right. Since the S.U.N. is changing in the morning in order to obviously, you know, try to attract the younger audience, right? Maybe get some living and breathing. I'll get the FM audience over there, right? Right. Do you think that a W.I.O.D. will follow suit and put someone on in the morning, who's actually, you know, alive? I hope so. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I know that they've been talking about making changes. And of course, I keep hearing one day certain things are going to happen. And then other days maybe they're not going to have a, I don't know what they're going to do. And I'm not even sure at this point if they know. Yeah. Which is astonishing. But when you work for this company, I guess, shouldn't be all that surprising. Yeah. Because I mean, I used to be an FM listener. I'm a young person, but I enjoy talk radio. But I mean, the morning show now is just brutal. Yeah. Turtle. Well, the other, including I wanted to ask you, what do you think Larry King wants from Drew Michaels for the holidays? Ha ha ha. Well, here's a clue. Nice, so, for me. Why are you some kind of sex machine here? Oh. Have a great, have a great hour. And what do you think Drew is replied to? Oh, geez. Here he got me manipulating the damn thing again here for crying out loud. No. There he go. Okay. I think anybody's replied, Larry, when a sexual request would be made would be. No. Even Drew. Open line and Broward, five, two, four, one on the sterile line. So I assume that jazz is in the building, right? Was that his wife that I just saw in there that I waived to that I assume and see gave me the finger back or something like that? Well, five fingers. Maybe it's just a thick finger. Okay. Let's go to a homicensia. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. That's going to be a great lead and it's going to lead this audience into you over here. And we're looking forward to getting into you. Going to acknowledge somebody's vandalized one of Blob's or signs over here. Yeah. It says WSUX. Do you love it? I don't. I think it's a horrible. I think it's cute. Why would people go and vandalize the sign for the Blob's sir? Probably because they'll be painted into it. And I tell you the other thing is these bloodheads who've been calling in and flam in the Blob's or this man just did it two hours of silence. Absolutely solo, radio, model. Holy cow. Very meaningful dialogue. How do you go about Christmas? Yeah. Feelings and thoughts and ideas. And I think maybe these incentive people such as this bloodhead from Dave City just can't appreciate talent when they see it. Right. Blob is gone. There we go. Okay. Thanks Bob. Good new phone so we can recognize your voice better next time. We have an open line in, uh, Broward 5241 on the Green Line 1-800-9449463. The word you're looking for sir is Pandora's I think. 1-22 at WIOD and WSUN. You start radio safety. WSUN. WSUN. WSUN. Merry Christmas and a happy new year. This is Michael Jackson of the Jackson 5. Wishing a happy holiday to all moon town fans. That's damn fat. I can't stand it. Relentless bitch. 1-24 at WIOD. Here's a mobile info on Loderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Thanks for getting me so quick. Okay. I got a huge favorite task of you. See? I've got my wife here for the first time and she has never heard that Card of Wairs of Chicken. Is that a chicken back there? Would you please, please play that for her? Uh, and also she's at the finnative. I don't know ladies. I don't know if we got that. Really? No. What a bummer that is. I think we just spoiled your whole goddamn holiday sir. Well not quite. I've got a life but just what have been nice. Is that it? That's not a computer is it yours? The chicken thing? Oh wait a minute. Maybe it's down in my little private stash down. Here I'll look for a while you'll be us. Alright. And finally Neil. I just want to say something to my best friend Bill. Yeah. He is nothing but a tree ribbon rock setting to a spec. Okay. I'll see if I can find the chicken for you. Thanks. See ya. That's what they say in the rectum ring. I don't know what they'll tell we did with that. Would we lose a cart that valuable for crying out loud? Hmm. Sandy calls Rick and Suds. Dennyle floss. I've been looking for that for a long time. We have a whole lot of stuff. We need to put in our computers since we have two hours just sitting there. There's some sick and tired of Lou Yeager. Kiss his ass. What the hell is that? Kiss his ass. What is that? And you and every player in a uniform should line up in Kiss his ass. Okay. But I don't see that the chicken back there thing. I think somebody ran off with our goddamn chicken. You know what? I don't know. We'll know what that'll happen with it. Okay. We'll work on the digging up for you for the new year. Sir. I'm glad you reminded me. Kendall, I'm sure we're in ready yet. Are ya? Are ya ready? You're ready? No. Okay. Let's go to a highly on a starline. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling. Great. Wonderful. I have a Luis Miguel report. See. Tomorrow night. Le Mundo 8 o'clock. On TeleMundo. TeleMundo 8 o'clock. Well, 51. Right. Just for you, Neil. What's it going to be? Well, it's going to be there with Ponchita. Ponchita Long Show and some more. Can't you eat that Reese? Yes. Yeah. What is it going to be? It's going to be like a special. I think it's a Christmas special. Tomorrow night at 8 o'clock. Beautiful. Much as classy as. Okay. And by the way, can I call people to Spang? Go ahead. Everybody in Miami, highlight. You're all a bunch of douchebags. Okay. See ya. Wow. Well, it's going to be Luis Miguel intensive. If all these reports are true, teleMundo tomorrow, which I think on a satellite is a G48, I do believe. And comes in very, very well. I mean, you can watch it on 51, but who needs to watch that? When you can see it like Crystal 3, to mention a clear on G48 on your satellite. And then next weekend on Channel 23 or somewhere up there on the Bird Next to New Year's Eve night at midnight. From Argentina, no less. He's just all over the place, man. He's just big and gigantic. He's covering the world with his warm sense. He was a tan silky body. Let's go to Venice. Hello. Venice. Is there a Venice? Hello. Hello. There he is. Sorry, I'm working over here. That's okay. You're working on what? Some douchebags. Tile. Okay. I'm calling about this Ron and Ron deal. Yes, sir. I don't really care about them being on in the morning, because I don't turn radio on till about 9.45. Okay. But what I'm teowed about is them taking Rick and Satsau. Well, there you go. See there's a little problem there. I'm not going to listen to Blub and he has to go. I'm going to be a lot of going to be a whole switch over all the living and breathing people. Probably bail out a two o'clock and then the old FLA crowd will come in. So the demographic may take a turn for the awards to do. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The numbers and Ron and Ron numbers weren't that good before they left. They weren't? No, they were on their way down. I thought they were kicking ass around. They were on wine. Well, wouldn't that be a shame if they came over there and only did like a marginal number and be with all of Jillian's dollars they're getting paid. That wouldn't be too good. Yeah, I don't think they're going to do any good. Because I'm counting on them for at least a 10-year lead in here. No, don't hold your breath. Okay. You know, you were right when you said they were up there and laying a couple weeks ago, getting ready to screw everything up. Well, they're working on a real hard. They still haven't figured out what they're screwing up here yet. That goes to show you how a decisive they are. Well, keep our fingers crossed that they don't mess things up too much there. And Monday morning, I'm going to call Tom Del Vita and give him a piece of my mind. Good. Give him a piece. I have good eyes. Thank you. Thanks for all your work. See you. How do you like that? So some people are happy. Honestly, I don't think they're all like great. I'm not going to sit here and say, oh, geez, they're coming out of the greatest thing in the world. I'm happy that they're going to be on over there because I think they will bring a lot of the FM crowd in the morning. And it'll help me on S.U.N because it'll help get a lot of people tuning in that station. Otherwise, never would turn on AM under penalty of death. That can only help. But like I said, this company does not have the balls to put on Howard Stern. And that's the answer. A lot of money. Yes, but I don't think as much money as I do. I'm going to cost for them. And we'll see in a long one what's going to apply. And what's not going to fly. I know I'm a sure flying over there. I'll tell you that. This last trend QIK AM with I'mus and G Gordon Litty and the Don and Mike didn't show at all. I mean, nothing zero. Zipady Duda. Like less than 100 people I've had corridor like why even ways to use to turn on the transmitter. That kind of thing. Here's Hi, Alia. Buenas to you. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. This is a nice day. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Listen, that guy that caught for the block, he should probably be related or off the block is given something for him to fall. Probably give him some free meat. Listen, your trip went pretty good over there in Vegas. Yeah, other than the fact that I was sick, but if you kind of scraped that aside and ignored that in the fact that I almost got screwed out of my tickets. But you know, it's only the end result of counts. Yeah, I wonder if you had come to somebody was supposed to get you back stage pass or something like that. No tickets, no passes, no nothing, not a. If I wouldn't have made that phone call right around midday on Saturday and reserved a couple of seats, which turned out to be sensational. If I wouldn't have made that call, I'd have gotten nothing. You'd have been screwed. I'd have come back with nothing in my hands. So you know, maybe somebody out there trying to fetch you up and giving you all these false horses. No, that was that was an inside job here. That was a case of too many people with their finger and the thing making too many promises and people inept in between who weren't doing what they were supposed to. That's all. And I don't know if you're aware of it, but Mr. Stern said, we'll have a special show on request. Right. I knew you're the right. And like he already talking about it. I know the station that it'll be the first time that he'll be unfentered and nobody can really tell them what to do and what not to do. So that should be a little interesting for. I know what is it. 40 bucks, I think. 80 bucks. I don't know. I get it for free. Oh, I see. Okay. So Mr. Geiger. Yes, sir. He had a very good game last night when I'm surprised I didn't call you back because he was calling you a few times last year. Yeah. Since you got that haircut, he's never called us anymore. Yeah. Can't do it. It's an ACN thing. It's one of my favorites too, by the way, of magnificent taste, but I can't play it. Okay. The George promises you on Monday morning between nine and 10th place, lamb duck and don't. Okay. Promise us. All right. You have a very, very Christmas. And back to you. All right. Open line a day at 7519463. How about Elijah Wong or small one or medium one? I'll take a medium one right now. But no Korean please. But no Korean. Well, I think about that. Well, I'm looking at this picture right now on this album. Now I understand why that you can't find this out CD in any of the stories. This is the one that sells out first. Although that hair's got to go the way well it did go. I mean, you grow out of that long Amazon looking here, but good God. What is that? No wonder you're why I picked this up. And now I know why you made her take it back. Okay. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. What's going on? We're doing it power. What on the edge of a departing? I'm standing here in a pace on waiting for a plane to depart. Going to see my guy is Charlotte is in Indiana. Indiana. Yeah. Hallelujah man. I was driving over here and I'll give that lady another to a show. So pop right. So pop right after. Yeah. You remember Jake Meyer on general hospital? Jake Meyer. The lawyer. No. He married Bobby. The only time ever watched general hospital was when black he was on a John Stamos. The Rick Springfield was on it even before that. I think very briefly. Yeah. He played Noah Drake. Right. There you go. I watched it briefly. And I've been guiding life fans for so long. And they're on a competing time. So I never really got too much in a general hospital. Yeah. This guy to played his name was Jake Meyer. He was an attorney. He married Bobby. He's been married so many times. I can't even keep up with the last name. But they did a little menoral writing thing. And he gave a little dissertation on the right. Well, there was another Jewish guy. Just came back to me. Wait a minute. I think the actor's name was Larry Bergman. No. Stubbergman. That was the guy's name. It was on search for tomorrow. You probably don't even remember that. It's one. Yeah. There used to be a show was on a 1230. And the woman's name who played the lead. Oh. Her name was Joan something or other. And that was one of the oldest soaps. It was on from 1230 to 1245. And then after that guiding light was on 15 minutes back and the day when they were all 15 minutes soaps. And there was a guy. best friend the lead actress her best friend name was stoo Bergman uh... before my time their special for tomorrow right now but uh... one other's bank uh... my range is got taken apart when tonight yeah and these are not conscious but they came back last night they should i have a set out rushing out one of them that uh... rickford and play last night either really healy played healy played there you go what i can say is to get my picture of the fact of what you remember after we can hang up on the i want to go to the game and some uh... from women got to pick up before i did all nobody went with me at all because i was too sick i don't want anybody sitting there reading my germs in i didn't get any picture you're a bit of no how you're asking for a date to go to game i sent you picture of the fact never got it somebody must have accepted it so i'd be waiting for a call of how is you know i'm in trouble now you're a bit right and you too all right see you okay open line it's in brown five two four nine four six three one thirty five w ze in w s u m i did a following sports talk sixty here it's randy roast whoa Oh, renting on the airways, horny, bitchy one. Fennices will have to do, you ain't getting on. We all are gay, it's gay, it's you. You lie and you scheme. Brandy, dream on, Randy. You'll never have me. Sorry, steamboat, Randy. Little bitch with dreams. Goin' down life, sinkin' highway, is that so? I'm lonely, clown. Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds. That bloodshot and wasted, talking trash with us mild. You had stuff your ass, and ain't been out. Oh! 212, and W-O-O-D. What was the two bad today? You know what? This was a piece of cake, just like sliding right off the edge of a cliff, like Roger Thorpe. Anyway, the album, thanks again to Mike Nandall, who seemed to be really a surly back in his surroundings. And they seem to be too comfortable being back in his building, like, oh, what a horrible place. Which I'm sure is true of anybody who ever worked here and finally got out. But anyway, Bromie the album, and look at that, speaking of somebody who came in and got out and came back in again, there's old jazz, McCay in there and the other room. He always assertive, and sometimes bizarre, jazz, McCay will be on this afternoon, and all afternoon tomorrow from 1 to 6, and all week next week, and got on, you know, how much longer, if he might just take over and not leave it all, if he gets the lucky good enough. So actually, you wrote in in a card, didn't you, huh? He didn't come in on a hog. This man probably never even saw motorcycle in his life. I got too much, I got too much marvelous, uh, a glorious comedy material to carry on on a motorcycle, and he didn't. I don't think I want to leave this stuff laying around the station. Yeah, I know. Joey needs to bring his stuff in into box too, look what it did for him. Yeah, right? Now Joey's in a box. Anyway, now he don't write a bike. Who's he kidding? Anyway, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah, I was reading that story about Merkin Morris. Yes, uh, yeah. Yeah, I can't if QAM, they said, I still away go get out of here. Yeah, I like the parts when they said, W QAM is should an internal memory that states that Morris is not to be allowed on the station. Right. Not a lot of the premises, and then he called the Cooper City police. They were escort him over there when he came to pick up his final paycheck. In other words, you get to feeling that maybe there was just a certain amount of a little hostility in here, right? Like you were going to beat the crap out of the whole thing. Exactly, which poor would not have been great to see him just ripped the eyebrows off the ganky space. They would have been so much serious there. So, uh, would the W I will be hiring? Uh, you want to really honest answer? Yeah. Would we hire Mercury Morris to do sports on this prestigious radio station? You want my honest opinion? No. Unlikely. Hey, Neil, can I call someone to do sph? You might guess, sir. Ah, John Bull, you're a douchebag. And full of bull. Okay. And have a great holiday, Paul. See you. I just came you'll be this. Anyway. I'm obsessed. I have an oldest man. I got to go for lobotomy. I have to go and have a big operation and have them underlate. Whole Louise Miguel think for my brain. I thought I was obsessed before the concert. Now it's like, when do we get to schedule? You should have asked Mike Nadala when we get to schedule of the atur for 1994. Because I got to start booking all my flights now. And of course, Cheryl will have to get all our contacts to make sure she gets me my tickets in backstage passage of her passes. Passage. Here's a Palm Beach. Hello. Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes. We're a jerk in Ress Limbaugh. Okay. Ress Limbaugh's got. Okay. There's a lot of little Nazi in training. I'm sure the daddy put him on the phone. Daddy is busy burning across out on the front lawn. And daddy put little Billy on the phone to say that I'm a jerk and Ress Limbaugh's got. And go up. Put your little Nazi uniform on in your little swastika. And go up and down the streets and paint some swastika's on some Jewish people's houses. And have a nice holiday, Billy. And God resty Mary gentlemen. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. How are you today? Great. And you know, it's really possibly that Luis Miguel might be Jewish. Possible. There's only one way to find out for sure. And I would like to volunteer to do the investigative work. The reason I asked if I did a recent trip up to Carolina recently, we decided to take a quick trip across the state of Tennessee. Go towards Memphis and see old grays land. And just before a great plane you spot, believe it or not, a temple. By the name of Temple, Benayahoo. Yeah. And I went inside and I see pictures of all this all over the wall. And I said it around. What's the story going on here? The rap I owe, what's the story going here? And he turned to me and with apologies to Steve McQueen and Alan Sherman. He said that Elvis Presley Jewish, would you believe it? He's just like you and I, Loves Memphis, Montza Bride. And Pursale is a Shayna Madoll. Could you conceive it? Yeah. Such a living doll in her mickfish doll. Oh. Colonel Tom Saphatic, father Vernon and Lisa Marie. They could have been adopting since they sat on their mammy's knees. Sing a joy. Elvis became chocetic. Would you believe it? Oh. How to bliss. Oh. And grew some payers too. As a matter of fact, the Gonson-Mishbough is gratosha. Since they were converted by you, was Rabbi Lee Roy. Yes. Elvis, a job whose show is you. Oh. Beautiful. Beautiful job sir. A beautiful job sir. And this was Mr. Nine on 9th of Span. All right. Thank you Neil. See ya. Bye bye. Beautiful. I've had a lot of thrills in my life. Three kids are gorgeous white. Such looks. I'm thrilled about my car or the air. My sister Sarah and John O'Harris books. But the thrill of thrills that gave my heart a cloud. Was the thrilling night when I thrillingly found out. Neil got the McQueenest Jewish would you believe it? Yes. He's just like you and I. Couldn't you understand? And Harry Grant is Jewish could you conceive it? Yes. Such a living doll in a prayer show. Okay. Marlon. Okay. Jewish petal bride and Richard Pundy. Not to mention that lovely couple. Harry and Bella, Pundy. Yes. Ranks and not rejoice what you believe it. Sean Cuddery and Lyndon Johnson too. As a matter of affect on the whole world is Jewish. Inside, failing love with you, Rosie McEykel. Inside, in love with you. And they even have great private dick Shylock Holmes. And his brother John, it's 12th or one. Oh, don't say that. 146 at Wild in WSUM. It's the latest news from the 610 Wild news center each hour. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Mr. Mary Catherine. He's. Tonight at 8 it's the men's in family Christmas special. Yes, old Satanic is back with the whole clan. Keep see Sadie squeaky snake and text getting together for a holly jellie single long right in your living room. Oh, Sharon Tane. Oh, Sharon Tane. Where do you keep the plan there? Rudolph the blood so free here. And her giant bell. And if you ever saw it, you'll make a real life. There'll be carving more than just turkey. So let Charlie and his friends in your home tonight. The men's in family Christmas special. Cat local listings and your doors and windows. 149. Why did I just remember to play that one jazz came in? Something about him. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing sir? I do. We got Mary Christmas to you. And the same to you. I mean, happy holiday. It's a happy Hanukkah and the New Year and for him. Think I went. You guys are bringing up that cellular one in there. What are we going to bring one? I just want to bring the cellular one line over here. I'm so glad you asked because I haven't got any idea. Well, your sister's telling her one now. We got 30 minutes in it. That's what I'm calling you. Take a real deep breath now. And I'll call you back in about a week or two when let you have the answer. I haven't got any idea. I didn't even know we were going to have a cell one line. And one day I'm listening to the station. There's a promo on and coming soon like any second for all you cellular one customers, a special line for you. I don't know when it's coming. Hey, Lisa. I believe you both at least me all think. See? Yeah. Who thinks is that great? We can go. Oh my god. I just saw him. Sir, I was just there. You were there. I was just a matter of a few feet away from him. I could reach out and touch his sweating smooth silky tan chest. That's how close I was to believe me. I don't know why he's still in doing a thing for me. Well, what can I tell you? Neither did all those scantly dressed babes that were running up on stage and grabbing his ass. They didn't do anything for me either. I don't think for him either to be honest with it. Really good. To eat his own. Well, listen, where can that tell him with it? I'm working on it. And the phone too. All right. Have a good one. Let me tell him. Let me hear it. Okay. See you. He's saving him. Let's go to for rainy day. Here's clear water. Hello. Hey. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Listen. Happy holidays. And the same? No, biggest thing I wanted to tell you was about the 26th. I heard that the crepitation contest or whatever it was. And I got a tape and unfortunately, I let the tape out and never got it back. But it was gene-tracy. It was like truck stop, 57. It had a bunch of comedy bits. But I've seen it actually. Not like it at peaches, but like an off, you know, record. Yeah. But I'll tell you the original recording of that was from the 30s. Uh-huh. From way back in the 30s from the Canadian, some Canadian bootleg thing. I don't know where it was originally done. But it was in Canada somewhere. Well, if that lady, you know, she called and stuff. Maybe if she could find it. Maybe go to some off wall shops. I've seen it. It's truck stop 57 and it's gene-tracy. Okay. It's on there. It's like the last bit. But it's got actually some, it's got a lot of nose-picking stuff on here. But it's got some good bits on there, too. Well, you know, you got to pick your nose first before you get to that part. All right. Now, love you, show me on how to have a good holiday. You two, thanks. Bye-bye. Here's a four-letter nail on a starline. Hello. Hey, Neil. That's how I made two, yeah. Back to you. Thanks for putting them used my ear and getting a good insight on what's going on in a local radio as well. It's a pleasure list. I got one question for you. I, uh, will, uh, name was, but I mean, I had a satellite. My house I got when I bought it. Really low-end operation. I know you got a satellite. Can you tell me who am I calling her? Well, I got, I got mine from Rice International. I don't know who you did business with. I hope it wasn't them. But, uh, that's been pretty good. Okay. Well, I, you know, I'm a little nervous because I've also dealt with a couple of companies that I wouldn't wish on my dogs. You know, they were really, uh, see, that's the thing that bothers me. You know, satellite dishes are so great and the technology now is so tremendous. Why do so many of the companies that deal with satellites seem to be so sleazy and so, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I can't rip you off. Yeah. But Rice seemed to be pretty, uh, you know, pretty straightforward. And they deal with like getting your permits if you need one and all the other stuff. They seem to know their stuff. Rice internationally. Deal like all over South Florida. I'm going to get them a call. One of the thoughts, uh, and, uh, you know, I hit my body photograph. So getting back to that, don't you think it may be, uh, uh, he might have been in order to, uh, full them and stop the white splash, might have used the little shineola. Liquid. Yeah, there you go. Little white-out. Liquid. So I mean, you know, who's going to know? Only the chip knows for sure. Have it ran out of it. Have it ran out of it. I hope the island ADU and, uh, am being 18, ready for it. Same to you. Bye. Thanks. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How's it going, buddy? Pretty good. All right. I think I'm job on this phone line. Can you hear it? Uh, no, not at all. Wow. Amazing. Uh, dude. We're going to miss Rick and Susman. But you know who's going to benefit the most from Ron Ron? Yes. You buddy. I think so. Because I know about 90% of their audience from listening to Ron Ron here for many years. Right. Are going to be turned on to you because he just blew Bob away about I think about 90% are going to drop off and Bob comes on. Because, you know, Bob, the morning he did a two hour monologue. Going to some Christmas thing, man. And he had all these old people called us. Uh, two hours. Oh, boy. Yeah. Oh, boy. See, that's what he really wants. He wants to go back in there like I said before. Do the FLA thing. Lionel has gone now. FLA seems to be throwing in the towel. And he's going to go in the afternoon and pretend he's on FLA even though he's on 620. And he's going to get all those old people and I have all the chronics on there. And kind of like rekindled that thing, which you'll probably have a big number. But the meeting demographic will be death. Absolutely. Yeah, I got your shirt, man. Excellent. You look like Larry King, buddy. Exactly. Hey, I got one more question. Yeah, without the ball spot. Hey, do you remember what you're childhood? Do you remember what you're childhood? Do you remember what you're childhood? No. Oh, you don't. Do you remember blowing bubbles in your little? See ya. Ask Michael Jackson. See ya. Cute. Anyway, now I do have a big ball spot, but it's like you have to look over the top to see it. That's the good part. If you sit with your head back a little bit, always got a little hair. That's nice. Not too much. But anyway, so that's the deal starting a week from Monday. We got a, at S.U.N. We got, see, I wish I could tell a Miami audience, which is most of our audience here in Sao Florida, what the hell's going on here? But I don't know. And I'm not holding any information back. And if I had it, I might have to hold it back. But I don't have it. All I know is that something's going on. Something's in the air. Something's going to happen. And the guy only knows if even the, if even the powers that be know what the hell is going to happen. I do know. Can I say for one good thing that we know that Chuck Meyer will continue to be here. No matter what it's going to be, no matter what he's going to be. He definitely will continue to be here. I can't say that. I know it's true. So that even though maybe there'll be a change in the show and maybe they won't, Who knows, but Chuck will be here and we love Chuck and he's a great guy in a real Pro and we're happy about that. But I don't know. Is the best I can say, which sounds awfully stupid. But in Tampa, we do know that starting a week from Monday, Ron and Ron in the morning, 6 to 10, I'll still be on her tentative. Last year, we were putting you into a coma from 2 to 6. And then after that, to be honest, we, I don't think they've got the foggy as clue. I don't think they have a stink of idea. So we're consistent. We may not be good, but we're consistent. Don't forget to get out to pieces this week. And pick up all the best of and already tapes and all of this stuff. Merry Christmas, happy New Year, happy Forum, and all of the good stuff. I watch out for Santa's slide down that pool. Re-set up a little bit more and the pool too. Squared, squared? The same as you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. The story of a love. I don't know anything. You, my eternal love. I don't know anything. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. I'm stuck to you. The same as you. A beautiful future with mad rocks. One day I've lost my groove. A breathtaking horizon. Last farewell with that night. I'll be all in summer. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man, I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be you. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I am going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. I'm going to be a good man. Laque Musphé la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la lalera la la la m I recently gained your Squirtch Quirk South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio's 16 W-I-O-D my amy Fort Latterdale