Some stations give you car. Some stations give you cash, but not this station. Because this station is bro. Flat dead bus day. So this station is going to give you a car. Where it on your head? Throw it out. Give it to someone else. If your car board box and you can do anything you want with it. It's a six-sided cardboard party. Just be the tenth color when you hear this sound. Maybe overnight guys sound. It's a big empty cardboard box. He's listening to it. We're coming here at BASK. Ten eighteen in WOD. Have a great day Mike. Anyway, 98,429 did I give that I think I did. That's the Camilla sauce total. We're creeping and crawling along. Don't forget to tell Gait Party on Sunday before the game. This place I'm telling you I could just. Why don't I just do like a whole week? Get it out of my system. I had a long draining call from Tom Belvita from WSUN just before I came on a year. So I'm really not psychologically prepared to say hello goodbye or burger you today. I'll burger you I think I could handle a couple of times. Here's a penbrake pines on the starline. Buenos dias. What are these days? How you doing? Okay, listen. I heard about that stress that you don't want to take. I think it's a value of two or one. That's one. That's something. What you do? You do go on the treadmill for a while. Oh, do you? Yeah. Don't let them say no. And there's a nerve standing by with a needle to put in some radio isotopes. Yeah. You have photo imaging. Yeah. It is a little bit invasive, but it isn't a terrible test because you go as far as you can. Then they say when you're ready to drop that on a treadmill. Go in. Go in. Go in. Another thirty-second. Right. Keep doing it until you're crowed. Right. But keep going and be sure to sign this check before you're crowed. That's right. Did you have it? Yes, I did. And found out I had what they called a auditac in a bag in the past. Yes. Sometimes I go they can't put it down. Yeah. I think I'll just sign on how to sign. And so what do they do now? They did absolutely nothing. They took the money from your insurance though, right? Yes. Thousands of dollars. But so at least now you have the benefit of knowing. I'm sure that will make you sleep a lot better. This time when you're just in the past year I've heard it technically didn't even know it. And of course could have another one at any given moment. Exactly. Right. No treatment though nothing. Great. Well congratulations. You survived. Lots of luck. If you take it, it's not the worst. Let me. I mean, I'd go over there yesterday $250 to say hello to take some of our blood and another EKG, which looks the same as all the other ones. That's adorable. Un-conchanable. Keep blasting away. Have a great day. These doctors man find in a good doctor in this town's like looking for a Jew in Tampa. I mean, let's get serious. Just absolutely unbelievable, impossible. It means this like automatic here. Here take the blood and let me lie down and put the crap on my that cream on my chest. No, not that. And take the EKG and take a look. And it's fine. It's the same. Of course it's fine. I don't have any heart problems. I've got fungus problems. That's my problem. There's a fungus among this man. So George tells me that as we speak here, they are working on the air. They're working on it. I'm not sure if it's the air conditioning they're working on. But he said they're working on it. I believe it. Sounds like it. Here's a lady in Papadobiche. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes, man. I'm a. No. There's a long time. Oh, are we going to do hello. Doctor today for four hours. No. This is going to be so depressing. No, it isn't. Bring me to. You have every right to refuse treatment to refuse that EKG. That's why patients are afraid to do with buck their their doctors. Yeah, is one. They're afraid to buck them. They think they're gods. Oh, buck them. Buck, buck, buck with beef. I got it. And not only that, that's the only him. Stress shouldn't cost $2 to $3,000. That which was tell me last night of the track that he just had it done a sure while ago. It was almost $3,000. All right. That gives the same risk. Yes. And I don't have hospitalization. I don't have. Outpatient kind of insurance or medical insurance. That's a bit. So I have to pay for myself. And not only that. I don't think I need it. I don't think I have coronary artery blackout. Blackage or blockage or I don't have I in giant. I don't have chest pain. I have allergies. And this man is going to he's going to make sure one thing. I don't have any problem in my back account because it'll be empty. You better say no. Thank you. I'm finding yourself another empty. Right. How do I do that? How do I find a good allergies? How do I? I'm going to get the 3 lady and find an allergist who can help me with my Malaluka and W.I.O.D. a fungus mold problem. Allege is properly the thing with air conditioning in there. Right. Signus headaches. That's got nothing to do with having blocked arteries. You don't get sinus headaches. Tell me about it. I had open heart surgery 10 years ago. Yeah. And I had a pet scan, which is the new pet scan. They're not touching my dogs. I'll tell you that. Tell me the scan. That's the thing to do with your feet. Can this doc? Nothing to do with your feet. Listen. It isn't invasive as far as isotope being injected. But there is no risk. I know it risks the whole thing to me. He said they put the stuff in your or the chemicals in your ravines. And then they tell you to lie down and relax. At one point it feels like you're having a heart attack. But that passes real fast. Real fast. The rest of our with the medication. Well, it's not wonderful. That's just what I need is that my heart filled up with a bunch of chemicals. That's just a lot of stress that worked. Right. That's right. Have a great day. You too. Take care of yourself. Neil. And don't forget to buck the system. I'm trying. I'm trying. See you. Okay. We have two open lines on our amazing board here. And of course they're both in broad. We're quite frankly. They don't give a crap if anybody croaks. Because it's like a daily thing in broad. Everybody's dying over there. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. And the one just dropped off in date. And one just dropped off on the out of town line. We're up back to that again. 10, 20, 10 Cheryl. Is that man going to be here later on today? Because I was something. I don't want to go through that whole story again. Like I'm supposed to sit here and be just be just all emotion. Let baby gravy live. God can't. Good. Nice going. Alayn. I always knew she was a good bitch. Here's a pepper pines on the star line. Hello. What the hell was that? What was that? I just punched it and it went dark. Here's, uh, no, I'm not talking to you. Get out of here, tree lady. Go away. Here's, uh, four mires. Hello. Yeah. This plant I called yesterday. Yeah. About the 21 year old. Over here. Yeah, Clint. And I just wanted to start getting chronic. Are you a Clint? No, no, no, no. Just want to try. I think I got a couple days off. Okay. Florida has the highest rate of malpractice. Then in the other state in the country. You tell him, Clint. Isn't that just a crock of shot? Right. It's just we did. Crocodile crap is what it is. And what what you're saying about sales people. Sales people have to come to you. If you're sick, you have to go to one of those doctor holes. Right. That's right. And your life is in their hands. They're holding your thing in your their hands. Exactly. And I think, you know, there's got to be, I don't know if it's just, they're saying, like, you're going to start putting prices up in the waiting rooms. I don't know what they need to do, but it just, there's got to be a drastic change. Doctors have to go through a lot more. Regulations and everything. It seems like. But that's a different story. It's a different story. Over here in Fort Myers, we came as doing something Larry King live. There's a fact going to be live anymore. This is going to be a tape delay. And it's going to be aired from like nine to new. And they're trying to do a little competition with you. And I mean, I listen Larry King. I like, I like him, but I just think it's kind of bad. Larry kisses too much as for our like and pal. This, this is true. This true, but I just think it's not fair to him by delaying him. Well, these, uh, send them a check for $50. They'll be okay. Have a great day, Clint. All right, thank you. See, I don't make a habit of this. We have an open line in Broward 524. And all three of our big bass, Florida lines are sitting there like a dead lump. So anyway, getting back to the thing I had with Tom Velvita this morning. And I have in a really, very grave misgivings about the whole idea of going over there to Tampa. So I can sit in a room and go through all kinds of technical incompetence for two days. And I can't seem to convey that to him. See, the deal would have been to have me and Rick and Sads and Randy all go over there like on a weekend and make like a couple of appearances in some big shopping malls and meet some people in science and autographs. And like, like, get involved with the community and like see some sponsors. And like start like being really a part of the radio stage. He doesn't understand that. He doesn't understand that. And I had like a long, gnashing, thrashing, screaming, shouting. And he still doesn't understand it because he's works for Cox broadcasting. What 81944 W. What, when you tell me what's going on there with those Broward lines? What is going on? What? Cranks holes? Well, that's great. It's 11 before 11 on the IoT network. And that's the way these on a West Coast. Absolutely nothing. All three of those lines are... ...as dead as a door nail. Here is Miramar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Hi, Neil. How's your holidays? What? How's your holidays? Great. All right. On the second time, Carl, I just called from, I just moved back from Jacksonville. Yeah. I was wondering if you could play a song from. No chance. Let's go to a keep escape. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you hitting him? Okay. You're talking about all the smagma in your AC vents. Yes, that is correct. That is really disgusting, isn't it? I want to a bar. I won't mention the name of the bar. You know what I mean? Big daddy. But above the ice well is this AC vent with all this growth on it. I mean, it looked like a green forest. Yeah. So I was sort of disgusting. I put my body and said, look, look, look for all the ice well. Look at all of it. They see the right above it. So Neil, let's just say we walk out of there. But I went to another bar. And this is a reason I called. They have a drink there called the Amy Fisher cocktail. How do you heard it? Have a great day, pal. We have an open line in date, 751. We have one in Broward, 524. We have two on a Tampa, four mires out of town out of your mind line. Which I think we're all done now. I'm not coming up there, Tom. Okay, stick that station in your butt. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, oh, yeah. Okay. A couple things I wanted to mention to you. First time you call on you, I like your program. I'm a chiropractor. Is this going to be all like, man, we're going to revert back to KAT today just because I mentioned about the doctor's event today. Good. God, it's already dying this year. It's just what we need to do to kill this show. Turn the demographic to death plus. Turn things I want to say. I'll come back to the second one in just a second. Be guarding restaurant. We mentioned one great restaurant for you. Yeah. I have no part ownership of it. Reneri, you were in there. I would rule about university. Reneri's. Reneri, I tell you one thing. I didn't know we had a restaurant. Do you remember when now those facade? Renel the chef? No. Well, Renel don't know who's Reneri's. And they've been around to all the Dutch restaurants. Well, when he wants to start spending some money on it, he'll be glad to give him a simplicity. Okay, I have to tell them. They're real busy. Anyway, just check that out in your own time. One thing I want to tell you, this is as a chiropractor. I have a program I've been after that five years and a weekly program. I'm out here to advertise. I have a very busy practice in North State. But this will meet that mention one thing to you. And reference to your immune system. And reference to people getting sick and everything else. They should look more into chiropractic because people would... Oh, get out of here. We have an open line. And this guy is worse than the damn, Ianabel from the ceramic art gallery or whatever that was the other day. We have an open line in date, 751, 2 in a Broward, 5241 on the, what is this show turning into? What is this whole radio station turning into this year? Just horror radio? Everybody's just going to call in, use this and abuse this, is that it? Comes on here wants to make a pitch for chiropractic. Go out there and buy some time. Go out there on the light bulb. Go out there and talk, make a speech at a condo complex. Get out of my face, you asshole, you quack. My brother was a chiropractor for years and I know a quack when I see one. 1056, let's go to the grow. God, hello. You're a new. Yes, sir, you have a, how about trying chiropractic, sir? Let me crack your thing for you. Yeah, right. You've been talking to crack this. Good morning. Yeah. And isn't. I've got a couple of things going to Rick and stick with talking about the crack. Rags rhymes with quack. Okay, but listen, you never hear the end of the chase stories, right? You never hear the end of it. I got one on the boat for the cool game. I've been to 70, 70, 40, right? They had it. Or, or, or... Let me ask you something. What are you doing with your phone? Are you eating it or talking into it? I'm not talking into it. It sounds like it's about two thirds of the way down your throat now. And you're all muzzled. Muzzled. Oh, you. I'm telling you something. I'm going to just take a, uh, hydrogen bomb and put it inside of your body, green. Bob Green is in there. I'm, I really am. I'm going to take like a, a neutron bomb and put it inside that man's body. Guess where I'm going to start sticking it in. I can't hear you, sir. You're just incoherent and unintelligible. I'm not trying to be can't tankerous today, but I want callers who are like, A under the age of 100. And B have a phone that somebody can hear what the conversation is. And in his case, quite frankly, I think it was a pubic service we couldn't understand it. We have two open lines in date, 751 here is Miami. Hello. A new, I think I fit. I, um, qualify for both A and B under 100. I think you can't hear me on this phone. Great phone. Great callers. Probably has nothing to say, but we don't care at this point. Don't leave us pal. This is what he just made. Like sounds like you're alive out there. That's all we care. Let's talk to, I apologize to the entire audience. I made a mistake. All I did was mention my doctor thing because I think it was important for people to understand the way doctors, ripples all off and abuse us and use us and write away, hello. Every caller was like my mother plus 100 years. I like my thuseless grandma today. And I think we got carapractors, pedaling carapractic and proctologist, Dick and their phone up your ass. I don't want to talk about this crap. Let's get to a pal. So what a doc playing at B.A. What a great show. I mean, you've had me cracked up here. Listen, I don't say crack again. A carapractor will call back. I wouldn't want her to crack yours, I think. Listen, if you know about most of those carapractors, man, they float. Excuse me. Have a nice picture there. I'd like to tell you something. Let us. Hi, Neil. Hi. Listen. Yes. I sympathize with you about the doctor's act on turn. Oh, God. I went to, I haven't seen him. Okay. Hello, talk to her. Yeah. You're killing me, doctor. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Listen, they ordered this test. Yeah. I can know about the disorder doctor. Unless I have those tests on hand, right? Yeah. I got to the order doctor. I had the test. So I said, so. And so. Yeah. What did we talk about the test? And what did he say? So he said, oh, when you have to go to the doctor, who ordered it? He says, to know the result. I don't know. I want to know now what the results are. Okay. She goes to the. Well, they are not normal. You have to go back to the order doctor. But the order doctor is not that special piece. So he calls me. He says, you have to go to the doctor. But the end of this, I am going to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars. Thousands of dollars. They're going to please every dime out of your body. They're going to reach into the very end. They're going to reach into the very end of your existence and take every dime, every nickel, every last penny that you've got and twist and turn and squeeze it out. Boy, and they manage to create on this. That's their motto when it's out. Squeeze it out. That's what they call the hippocritic aloath. That's for sure. Well, don't take any crap. I agree. And have a great day. Good to. Bye, bye. Bye. Now, what the hell was that all about? He passed it off to her. We got something to pass off for you. Here's another article. Sick buildings warning the state toxicology says. Quit breathing in that monk. Get on a ceiling and clean the crap off. This is South Florida's news traffic and weather station. You stalk radio's six. 11.38. You know, I was just thinking during the break. If the male member could speak, what might it say? The quiet thing. I only had one eye. We have an open line in date. 751. Maybe that's what has such bad aim sometime. In the date county 7519463, here's Miami on the Sterline. Hello. Miami on the Sterline. Hello and goodbye. What a bad break for them. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Hello, this is Neil. Hello, Neil. Hello, Neil. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. What do you want? Okay. Yes. I was just going to talk about. I'm going to take a deep breath and calm down, man. You sound like you're on a verge of a spastic experience. So I just don't know if I'm on or not. You're on. I just said yes. I said, hello. I'm trying to be like, friendly. Yes, sir. Okay. I was just listening to your earlier about your problem with your air conditioning. And I was watching TV on an important lot of day. There was one apartment building and the living room and the bedrooms and so forth. It was all green due to the air conditioning. It was an oversized unit. Yes, sir. And what it would do would make the room feel real cold and wet. And that was the problem. It was growing real cold and wet. Yes. It would be an oversized unit. And it would just make the fun. Yes, and so forth. And that's what they need to do there. It's probably put a less, less, less wet. Less cold and less wet. Pardon? I said they need to straighten it out. Yes, they got to put a small unit in there and dried out. And whereas the one that's in there can cool it down, but then the small one would take over after it We used to proper temperature and dry out the air. Right. Well, I think you just to hit it on the head. So because fun doesn't grow all by itself and usually doesn't. And when it does, it has to have something to feed it such as moist there that, uh, or the real edellie. Well, enjoy the day and I'd love this until you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Have a great day. Mylers and guys, just straighten out our whole problem here for the building. Just get a new unit. Less so cold and less wet. Two open lines. The boat and date. 751 wake up and sniff this. Okay. Let's get with it in date County and stop pretending like we're in Brower today. Since the new year, that's where the problem is now. It's moved to date. Tampa. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I love that cart man. What is that? You know what Sammy Davis Jr. says it's a Dean Park. Why, Dave? I only had one eye. There you go. Um, that was it. You got some Godfather three. That's why Colombo could never find the, you know, a cry. I only had one eye. Yeah. That's the best. Um, get some Godfather music. I just might. All right. We're not as the case might be all depending. All right. Yeah. Bingo. Link to the mob. Yeah. Have you heard about this? What? Some of the reservations. Type to organize crime. Says who? Uh, says some. But, Rob, they just want to get the Bingo and a slot machines out. They're not kidding me. Anyway, man, how about those lightning? Why, what do they do? They win a game? Yeah. Finally. Well, it was that. Watch night, eat the king. All in the Leafs, of course, got beat. You guys are making a little movement, huh? Yeah, right. Not a lot. Just a little one. That's all right. Might have two going to the All Star game. Nice going, eh? Yeah. How about that Brian Bradley? Finally, yet 31. He's doing it, boy. He is. We sure don't need him on the Leafs. Well, anyways, have a great day and get that mong. Okay. Later. See ya. Oh, there was. You just mentioned that it started flying out of there. We have an open line on the out of town line. 1-800-2 a day again. Date County, man. We are finished in date. We are dead meat. We are history. We are over. We are through. Adios. Farewell. Muchachos. Huh? We better start speaking in Creole. Here's a lady in, uh, for Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Welcome. Welcome. Well, Alicia, see how quick I am. I don't even have to dump her today. We just got to the mother. We didn't get to the burger part. Mother burger. I remember her. That was Warren Burger's mother. Open line on the Florida line. 1-800-2 still in date. Date County. If you do not call now in the next 30 seconds. I'm going to take this chicken soup and stick it right through your radio. And make you just a stick your thing in it. Okay? God, are you pathetic? Just anti-social. Have nothing to say. Uninvolved. We got the big game coming up on Sunday. We've got the events. W-I-O-D. If they can't eat, let me talk to Leo. Uh. W-I-O-D. Nice to put you, Roger. What is it? New Roger, please. Two old. Like I said, let's talk to somebody in date County. He's under the age of 500. I don't want to talk to any more of these old E-Mouldies. Okay? We got enough mold in this room already. I want to talk to some people who are young and vibrant and still can feel something somewhere deep in the recesses of their body in mind. Okay? W-I-O-D. Like I said, there's a good one. It's 1143. Let's go to Tampa. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes. Listen, listen from Tampa. What a welcome you to Tampa. Make sure you get over here. Yeah, I'll fat chance. Uh, they should have put you in a better model. Mm-hmm. Listen, I have a solution to the... What is that, man? Deliver my hand, uh, Tampa. Yeah. I'll just teach the butt how to play baseball. During the off-foot ball season. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. We have an open line on the out of town line. I don't think I want to go over there, you know? It's just gonna be a waste of time. See, my idea of a good time would for all of us. Randy, Rick and Sides, yours truly. We all go over there. We go and make a couple of appearances and like some big malls. We like, uh, do some shows we hang out together and just screw around and have a good time. And, uh, need some clients and talk to some salespeople and get us involved. Over there. Not, we bring Neil over here and sit him inside of an empty room and have a technical nightmare for four hours for a couple of days. And the time takes him out to a restaurant that this might go to and slaps him over to the hockey game in the middle of a cow palace. That that's not my idea of a good time or anything that's going to be productive. But what they want to do is exploit my body for fun and profit over there. Oh, yeah, we got this great TV show and they're willing to tape it. They usually do it live, but they're even willing to tape it. They want you to be the... I said, well, what's it all about? What's it all about? What are we going to tell? I don't know. But what does that mean? What the hell is that? Oh, but everybody watches it. It's another one of those local local, uh, with a live audience. Like Joey used to do, you know, on Channel 10. Another one of those pieces of crap. And I'm trying to explain to this, local over there. I said, that's not what gets, that's not what it gets the job done. That isn't what builds Q. And that's how it gets people to tune in. That's not what it's all about. They know nothing. They just, uh, and there's no dealing with these people because they're not going to change. I mean, they're not going to wake up tomorrow and suddenly become smart because if they had been smart in the first place, Cox brought casting what a hired him. What thing about this company? They will never hire anybody who knows more than they do up at Atlanta, which is basically nothing. So you have to old points. You have to know less than nothing for them to hire you. That's why Borgirius here. And Bob Green. Here's a mobile and poor Lodderdale. You know, how are you? Pretty good. Sir, welcome to our parade, man. We're doing it. We're getting ready for the big game. We're going to kick some ass. That's it. They're going to call you the man of mung. Right. Need that to say, Rob, yes. Yeah. They're a little friend named Larry who's suffering from bell palsy. Really? And having a hell of a hard time with it and I knew you would cheer them up by, uh, if you could just, if you weren't to them, or give them a little, you'll manage to not touch them. Okay. You didn't fall in pound. Get out of my face with your damn crap. I'm sure he feels better now, don't you? 1145. What kind of crap is that? Say a few words. Yeah, like it's never going to go away, man. You're going to be a geek the rest of your life. Quit drooling with you. Here's a mobile and plant city. Hello. Hello Neil. Yeah. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good, man. That's my contoy. You got white band crap off your chin. What are you people are starting to talk, Larry? Man, you're the best guy in talk radio that ever could happen. Damn right. That's what my mom says. Better than all fat, loud ass limbo. Right. Let me tell you. I'm sick of him. I just want to call him, but it's called a bunch of people are too spaggy if you let me. Yeah. Yeah. Why are you? I just want to say all the people. Why are you so defensive? You think I won't let you do this? No, I know you'll let me do it. You know I will let you do it. You think you think I'll let you do it? I think I'll let you do it. All right. So I just want to tell all the people are listening to Brandon. You guys are a bunch of low life douchebag. I feel better. See ya. See ya. We have an open line in Brandon. I tell you that for my resort, it's really positive our day they are involved. We got what's that kid's name? The call to get today is 21 Clark Kent. Huh? Clint. Why? Joey wants a date Clint. His new girlfriend is not cooperating lately. You said so when's the wedding and about six years he said? They don't want to rush in anything. Oh god man. I think I knocked loose a whole bunch of extra spores today. No charge. New spores at Wiod. That's why this station kind of grows on you. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. That's me, huh? Yeah. Okay. Listen. I'm in the duct cleaning business in the air. You're in the duct cleaning business? Yep. We call a system's decontamination. I thought I'd share a couple of things with you and your listeners that may describe these problems start and how they can prevent them. Yeah. What happens is a lot of the dirt gets through the filters because people aren't very good at cleaning them and they don't use very good ones. The dirt gets into the system into the coils and so on. It works its way deep into your duct. Right? Well what happens is it gets wet and your duct gets wet. The dirt gets wet and turns the grow mold, mildew, fungus, bacteria, and that crap starts working its way into the bottles of your duct. That's right. At that point it spores it blows to the ducts and it knocks on you. The way to treat it the best way is just to buy good filters and prevent it. But of course we have methods for treating it in the soil and the air conditioning. Is there anything you'd like to know? Flatten 50. I just had a great idea to get even with Rick Rally for the brief case episode. Guess what I have in my pocket or just whipped out of my pocket just now? Here are Rick Rally's four playoff tickets. Yeah! Now we're having a little problem last couple of days raising money for Camille's house because it's after the holidays. It's the new year. People are like they're distracted. They're into a whole different world. Four pre-mote tickets for Sunday's San Diego Miami game. In section 141 not the best, not like those of us who sit in 142 but not bad. Like I got about the 45 yard line. What do you think? How much could we raise for these tickets? And also attach to them are just in case like Buffalo should win and we win. To get for the AFC Championship game in Miami the following Sunday. Huh? Wouldn't that be something if I auctioned those babies off? Here's Orlando. Hello. Yes sir. Well thank God. Hello. Thank God for the night time man. Oh my God. It's just awful up here. It is. I've got to tell you. How's Jim Phillips doing? Oh he sucks. He's still picking the seeds out of his thing. No no no this guy sucks. It does he? He's got to go. I mean he's why can't cops who you keep the badmouth and buy that station? What station is it? Uh whatever. I don't know why I think that's a buddy but packs in station. He's not going to be selling and he's buying all the stations up now. Oh good God come on. I mean he is. You've got to get brought. He's buying the head stations up next week. The Tampa signal to Orlando. Very weak. Very marginal. Get your right. It is Martha. And you know I can't get it in the house. They get it in the car for the decent. You need like to have a substation. A substation. Well some kind of station. Uh any kind of nose pick. We need another carrier is what we need. We need to put one of those microwave things on the top of the station. Well you got some big pool. Really? I think so. Do you? I mean please. Well what are we going to do up here without you? Yeah. Well I moved out of my amy years ago. I mean I died. And when I finally saw it. Sounds like it. Oh I mean it was just awful up here. I can tell. These guys suck. Yeah. I'm at a material. Well have you put any on hold? Sure. He said it in such a way that you couldn't deny him. I could get your hands out of your pants, George. Stop playing the Mr. Hot Shot in there. Here's uh Miramar on the Sterline. Hello. I Christ. I only had one test to go. Oh. Let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah. I was going to not be building where we had a similar problem. So it's been getting mad. We got to eat. Here's what you do. Okay. You got a glass cutter. And you cut holes in every window of the size of a quarter. That way you get fresh air. But hang on. There's more. You see this? Just hang on. Wait a minute. Okay. Go ahead. She drives up the air conditioning bill so much that they have to take the whole unit apart. Clean it all out. Then they've got to replace all the windows. It drives the puttsill heads around the place. Crazy. They have to fresher. They have to clean it all one. They have to clean it all up. I thought you said all out. No. Yeah, you did. I did. You said all out. I guess it's from hanging around those puppy French Canadians on the beach all day. It's rubbing off. It is. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to get my drill right now. It works. Thanks. Hoping line and Brower. Let's go drill that baby. And the window too. 1-800-944-9463. We don't want to have any openings in our windows because Channel 7 is like right next door. We don't want the crap from over there. Wobbting into our windows. Uh, can I already smell that? In fact, that wood burning was probably Rick Sanchez squadding too low over the desk. Here's a lady in South Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to say was that you mentioned the first thing I wanted to say was that you mentioned about people not calling. And sometimes, you know, I know that like when I'm at work and I wish I could call and I can't. And I think a lot of people sometimes I'm not trying to make excuses. Yes, you are. Yes, I am. Okay. Well, that was the key. Nothing worse than excuses. Yeah. It's just a lot of times I'm at work and you know, you say, you know, oh somebody from day county call and I'm like, I wish I could but I can't. So anyway, what I wanted to do. Is that all right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. You can't you did well. I'm off today. Oh, I see. Yes, my day off. That's what. I had a big fight yesterday with a guy at work who said he used this term that he said he heard it from Rush Limbaugh. Wait a minute. Has Amy been victimized by the media 72% on Richard Bay said yes, 28% know. And 7,000 people came knocking door down and said, already enough with that joy want to fucough. Now, what is it? What he said was he was comparing. Now with Nazis and he used the term that my Nazi. Yeah, well, that's one of his favorite repetitive. Did oh, did oh, did oh, femin Nazis. I've never heard of him. He's only got about 20 words in his big fad vocabulary. Oh, I blew up at this guy when he started saying that, you know, feminists. People are listening to the Lardass Limbaugh are morons. Okay. They're absolute mindless automaton moron hateful right wing slime balls. What how dare this guy or Rush Limbaugh anybody compare somebody that believes in feminism to be an Nazi? Yeah. Well, Nazi is on his mind a lot because he's so big he sees himself all over the place. Maybe he is one. So it keeps Nazi in his mind. So I like calling up and tell him off. Does he have a calling thing too, doesn't he? He's on tape. Oh, so you can't call him. You know, he you think that you're hearing him lie, but it's a scam he's on tape. He's below board. So I have a great day. I couldn't call him that. Just ignore him. Okay. That's the best way to do it. Just take him just remove him from your life. Okay. Have a great day. You're cute. You'll be well. Bye bye. We have an open line of day. So did Sheryl ever give me my blood test results yet or we like waiting for the dog to fly and the dog and the duck to come back to the window with my results? Oh, there it is right now. More exciting facts news. Thank you so much from our friends. Oh, by the way, we are going to be doing a thing at the Pompeto Park. Starting in midfibre and also I should mention because there are probably some people who were there last night. And I lost my ass last night, but still on my head for the week. But there was one race where the horse did one with Rancus Amano was nine to one. The horse that came in second was 18 to one. And the perfected, which should have paid between $300 paid $62. Even the quenella paid $92. And all of us were looking at that and screaming and getting our matches out and getting ready to burn the place down. And so I said the hero Duris, this really smells bad and he got on the phone and he checked it out and investigated. And turns that it was at one of the out of state. OTV things and dover downs and Delaware. And the guy was playing the off. You know what that is? Not that off. No. In other words, they watch. Used to have to have somebody else do a witty. They watch through the window and they see which horses were leaving the gate just before the bell rang. Well, now that they have the TV monitors, they can do it. They love the one horse and it was waiting to see who was going to leave big and the four left and led the entire race. And just before they and he better $90 perfected box and took practically the whole damn pooled out of about five grand. So the perfected, which otherwise would have paid $100. Well, on a panel, only 62.40. But I just say that so you know that it was not one of these inside jobs where it looks really bad and we want to burn the track down. That'll be next week. Are you still holding? Yeah. All right, hold on. Don't come back to me, please. Keep this game. Hello. Keep this game. How do you hear something? Keep this game. Let's go to the lady in Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi, is this Neil? Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm 27 years old. Right. And I'm forced to listen to you show every day by a cold worker. Poor baby. And it's starting to kind of rub off on me. Really? What do you want? I want it to know Neil. Your coworker is starting to rub off on you? No, the show is. Oh, the show is. Yeah. I want it to know why you still run to people all the time. I beg your pardon. I treat people the way they treat me. If they're nice to me, I treat them nice back. And if they treat me like crap, I treat them like double crap, I was that. You just hung up on two people, Neil. I didn't even give up people a chance. Well, how about making it three? Are we going to answer the phones? Are we going to like a socialize now, George? We have an open line in date, 751 and 1 on the out of town line, 1-800-944-9463. I'm not trying to be requirely in play butch boss, but we're desperate for calls these days. I mean, we are very. And when those lines are ringing WIOD, we're going to pick them up even if they're more on the other hand. Hello. Yeah. Are you a moron? Me? Yeah. Well, that's an honest answer. We have an open line in four mires, 1-800-944-9463. Oh, man. Talk about a sick building. There is a fungus, deeply among us, buried way in the balls of this building. I guarantee if they just ripped this entire building apart, they'd find something crawling around in there that would make that thing and it's alive, pale by end-winter-ignificant. Seriously, they would make your head spin around like Linda Blair on a bad day in heat. Anyway, our commedal sounds total, it's inching up toward the $100,000 mark, but I guess we want to make it very dramatic. We don't want to go over that mark too fast and believe me, we're not doing it. That hotline number, don't forget, get your finger in a phone and get that visa and master cut out right now. 1-800-852. Oh, oh, oh, oh, six. This is self-lord as news, traffic and weather station. And the same to your sir, happy 93, man. It's already off to a start. Yeah, and you're doing the right thing, you know, we can help you and what not. Yeah, so I am going to have a problem all that's not going to kill me. I've been doing pretty good last three weeks if I say so myself. I'm following your direction. I said, local, federal, low fat, low sodium, all works. Right, especially low fat, animal fat, get it out of your life, my friend, I'm serious. That's right. Put send the animals to the zoo, not into your stomach. That's right. Uncle Neil, the other day I was driving, I just got in from Baltimore and Washington. And I'm driving on a road and I see this awful, hurt, this awful driver on the left hand side of the road. Doing 45 miles an hour on 9.95. Right off the belt, we involved in more in-guess what the tag set. Quebec, you got that right or Broward? Well, the frogs were up there right to what I'd run out of them, you know, which way were they going? No, it's not that guy. Oh, thank God, all right. But I mean, with the worst lobster tans in the world. Yeah, unbelievable. They are something, man. I mean, I can't believe. And out only are they grow, test and cheap and old and fat, but they are, they smell so bad. Uncle Neil, you want to create any kind of a state of mind. I don't think I can create any kind of a stereotype here, but they stink. No, they do. Well, listen, I think like Winnie the Poos of Matter of Tags. But anyway, what do you think about this? Fill me in my amium of Super Bowl. Okay. What do you think? Sounds good to me. And last but not least. And don't you remember we played them last year? Yeah. And beat them. Uh-huh. You like Bigel Chip? Was it two years ago? Two years. Like I said, two years. Well, whatever, I know I do not like Bigel Chip. You know, if you want to eat healthy, that ain't what you want to eat. Forget it. Forget Bagel Chip. I'm telling you right now, toss them in the turret right now and flush that baby. And the turret right. Right. Every day. Back off the beat too special. You're a big rotten too speck. And a Julio. Yeah. Okay. Open line in Tampa. And in the Fort Myers man, we are kicking ass man and keep coral and low bell. And Fort Myers. We are doing it. 1-800-944-9463. Tony Allen and the Bordop are listening to it every day over there religiously. Nobody else. And maybe John McEugh. Lighthouse point. Nobody there. Okay. You're lost. Here's Fort Myers. Wait a minute. Right here. Hello. Hey Neil. You're the one. I'm the one. 36 minutes. 25 seconds. Holding. You've been on that long. Yep. Don't come here. No. What would I do that? Although it would be kind of amusing. But I would do that. I've got a phone that's got a clock on it. By the way, we're doing just three breaks this hour. Right George. You've got to say whatever. You've got all your important affiliates out there who are getting lost as we go. Go ahead. You know, you're a affiliate station here at WWCN. It's good station. But you know, it doesn't even have a phone book listing. Of course not. They can't afford that. Because they don't have a phone. I'm believe a point. Yeah. What do you want from a station that plays CNN headline news all day? And they got like some doctor and some botanists on there. And he afternoon play our abs. It's awful. What's funny when you listen to CNN news? And they're, you know, it's just the audio feed to the TV program. Right. And they're talking about always things that you're supposed to be saying. All these visual things. Yeah. And of course, if you look at the little speaker just right sometimes you can pick it up. More of the users can't say the TV anyway. Uh-huh. That's right. Hey, we're going to put those bastards on the map on WWCN. That's what Steve, what's his name Gilbert and all those other people are panicky about in four miles. Oh, you know, it's funny if you listen to their program. They're talk shows. McCullough and some of the other folks on Wink. Yeah. And nobody calls in. Really? They just talk. They bring up these topics. They bring up topics. Now I feel better because I'm be honest. We're not exactly getting in and dated with four miles. K. K. K. K. You know, we're here in a few there. But you're, you get more calls than they do. And probably if you were, we only put it on here there. We've got a month. They bring up topics of discussion, which is, you know, this old fart kind of radio. Uh-huh. Well, most of the people are listening to Wink are so old that they can't get to the phone. Anyway, it's true. You know, you're talking about you got fungus problems in there. They just squeeze the button on their micro alert. Yeah. Whenever time you say fungus among us, that reminds me of a great Filonious monk tune. I don't know if you're into jazz at all. Not at all. Filonious monk is not a great jazz musician, but he did a tune that was very good. I know. Listen, I'm not a moron. Okay. I do know a Filonious monk. I know you're not. You were talking about Rome? Yeah. What does that have to do with Filonious monk? Well, there are a lot of monks in Rome though. I saw a plump. There are a lot of Getskis out there by the Vatican. Rome is great. In fact, I wish one day I know this is a little bit off beat. But someday we got to take a whole day and talk to people who've been in different places in the world. Yeah. And not everybody can afford like to go to Europe or go to exotic, erotic places. All of a lot of young people who travel like real cheap. But even like in the country, you know, in this country, people who travel, I found in my life are much more interesting and much more like with it and much more real people than Perokia little yahu's who've never been more than 10 blocks from their home. Well, that's what living is all about is like getting out of the house once in a while and, you know, seeing the world and finding what it's all about. Well, what's amazing, too, is not we moved down here about 10 years ago. And we found that most of the people we talked to, especially young people, have never been out of the state of Florida. And never been anywhere. Never seen snow. In fact, some of the people in Dave County, like if they ever crossed the Broward line, then that's like a big adventure. They go home and write in the diary. But just talking about Rome though, one thing that's really fine. Or we send the back. Rome is the only place that I could recall that had as many police departments in one small area as like Fort Myers does. Really? Fort Myers has like the sheriff's department, the city police in the highway patrol. Well, it's yeah. I remember they had the police, yeah. And then do you remember the caraponeary? No. It's another. I remember that in the Godfather. The caraponeary are police. They used to be muslim. These body guards. And then when he got, you know, the rope. They had all these guys on the public door, didn't know what to do with them. So they just became a police force. Yeah. And they still exist there. But they don't have somebody. They just sort of have police officers who's jurisdiction it is. Well, the first year I was in Rome was 89, I think. And that year they had police, like, almost every major intersection standing there would like shotguns on their shoulders. And I, no, seriously, with rifles, I don't know why. They just were standing rather than bother anybody. But if you looked at them cross out, I think they would have shot without asking any questions. And they don't have that anymore. You don't see very many of them. But in the airport, boy, they have got security in the Leonardo da Vinci airport. Oh, man, I am telling you, you don't even dare bat an eyelash. They'll blow your shot away without even thinking twice. Yeah. But I'll tell you. Because I went because the Delta, unfortunately, the Delta counter is like on the other side of all these different counters that you go to. No problem. But then if you want to go and like change your ticket or buy a new ticket, you have to cross this little barrier there. And the police are standing there with their oozees pointed right at your postman. And don't look at them cross out. Yeah, they're pretty nasty looking group. Yeah. They mean business. They are intimidated. Yeah. But crack some kind of a joke about Don Corleone and he kicked me right in the morning a couple of times. They don't do that again, man. This is Italy. As whole. You were talking about sauce though the other day, like sauce on spaghetti sauce, whatever. The sauce that you get in Italy, the time source that we have here that most people know. Totally different. It's really Sicilian. Oh really? That's Sicilian recipe. Not like the wrong. That spaghetti pomadoro in Rome would just a very light or light of sauce and just enough to cover the pasta. Not like not swimming in it. And God, it is so good. I just kept that's like better than anything. It's a different deal altogether. And of course the Romans don't consider anybody who lives south of Rome to be Italian. And the ice cream. That's the last thing. A lot of people say whatever. Yeah. Great stuff. Yeah. Rome is great. Would you do me one little favor now? Maybe. I've got my father listening to you now. And I've been telling him about you. He just started listening. But I've been telling him about that. That cart that you have with Larry King about the Tanger Ball spot. Oh sure. Anytime you want to do that would be great. I'm playing that is the best. 20 or 30 times as a matter of fact. Have a great day. See you. Thank you. Rome. 1116 on the IOD network. Pop it on harness racing every night of the week except Sunday you can catch something. You can catch all the action every night Monday through Saturday including tonight. Tomorrow night 50 cent night hot dog soft drinks and barely 50 cents available on the second third and fourth levels. Saturday night you could win $2,000 cash in the pop it on harness super cash giveaway. And don't forget be sure to get there early Saturday if you get there before us post time for the second race. Two for one entry blanks double chance to win the two grand in cash. So plan the night of the extended pop it on harness this week. Treat yourself to a great meal on the top of the park. Don't you remember on the sixth floor get a perfect view of the entire track. Watch your horse go up and you're right in front of your face at pop it on park or plan a casual night at track side level in a grand stand or the clubhouse. General admission is only a dollar and don't forget. I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Kayne Diaboli that looked like an older interview you had less here than you have today. How do you explain that? I don't wear a wigs sir. Paint your ball spot. What ball spot? You paint your ball spot. I don't know what you're talking about sir my head grows. You paint your ball spot. I don't have a ball spot. How can you head less here on the tape? Maybe my head group maybe I had a bad haircut that day. By the way, something. Where you care? Paint your ball spot? I don't. Do you paint your ball spot? Paint your ball spot? A second bat is great radio. 20 after one at WIOD and we have an open line in dates. 7 519463. By the way, that ball spot is number two with four bullets already. It's moving. It's doing it. Where's our milkshake, by the way? Speaking of doing it. Huh? What are they doing? They're busy shaking it now as we speak. I believe that. There's a mobile in Davy. Hey, he's doing it. Okay. Good. I just tuned in. I heard you talk about wrong. The reason that when you go to security, go into Delta. If you notice right next to the Delta Delta, they'll allow their lines. I'll never notice that. Yeah. And what happened was that this time I was there. I helped my big mouth out because, you know, you went to security and you got to security again, where you walked to the rest of the airport. You don't do that and you got to the gate. Right. And one of the John Dons came over. We started talking and I said, it's all like the security system. Why were going to the security check before we even checked in? And he said, well, we have to. And when I was getting on the plane, I noticed that right next door it'll allow. And that's the reason why it's the double security system. Boy, this standing there with their oozees, and I mean pointed like right at your face. And we got to pick doors. Yeah. Right. Yeah, you don't mess around in that airport. Speaking of dogs, by the way, how can we don't see very many dogs in Europe? Oh. How do you now what? What do you laugh about? That's not, that's a serious question. How you don't see a lot of dogs. I know the dogs that you do see are really mostly ugly, reddy, nasty looking little strange breed dogs. I guess they feel it's doors and not what they want. They just want to it. And with the food, I mean, you're right about the sources. I mean, the tangerine food is like really the greatest. And when you come over here in the flat, they serve you over here. Yeah. Well, a lot of, a lot of so-called Italian restaurants here. They're really a heavy dark, goopy, rich, thick sauce and a lot of thick cheese. And they put that on everything. And they think that makes it Italian. It's nothing at all like what you get over there. Very nice. And let me say it again. There is no such thing in Italy as spaghetti with meatballs or spaghetti with sausage. Or all the other crap that we load on there. They don't do that. But there's no real palm of your hand. Right. That is right. I guess you want to go at the species you can't get that. If you want one. No. I mean, you have to know somebody should have to put some sources on a piece. Right. So they do have pizza, but not to, not like what we have. Right. Well, that's a basic piece. It has a like three pieces of the anchovies on it. Which is a no. No. Not for this kid. No, no. You have that set of pizza, Margarita. But if you get to the regular pieces of a polytino, you'll just, you know, few pieces of anchovies. Not for me. No fish for this kid. Not talking like that. But the source is, as I went with that pasta, it's just unbelievable. I mean, it's, it's always does it just taste the tender pasta a little bit, very hard. Yeah. And it's a more flavorful net than the cooked that we eat over here. Right. Well, I'm on my way. I'm, I'm leaving right after the show. Well, I'm going in a couple of weeks. Okay. I'll pick up that. Have a great time. You too. Bye-bye. Hope it landed. Broward 5249463. Everybody get on a plane and go somewhere. All right. Even if you have to, like, stow away. Just go somewhere. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Yeah. Yeah. I've been here for two years. And the same to you, sir. Okay. I'm here for a vet, man. I, I, I, I would store all Corvette and all that. Right. I, I, I believe I've seen you last night on the highways. Are you around five night? You got a 93, like a per-course, color for that. Right. Are you the guy that wave? Yeah. Yes, sir. Actually, yes, sir. Because I've seen, yeah. I've seen a picture of you a couple of years ago in, um, Royal Cat, and I said, there's a one on seven, seven year and like, That's right. I was on a way to the track last night. And there was this very sinister black vehicle coming up alongside in the window World down. And this guy, like, had his oozy put it out the window and he looked at me and said, Near Rogers, and I wasn't sure whether they say yes or no. And then there was the thumbs up. So I knew that either was the thumbs up or this was the end. What are the other? Oh, yeah. Because I heard you say you watched the car yesterday. So I've seen the nice clean 93, so I'm a guy. And I've seen that. Looks like Neil. That's the one. That's the one. Right. Great. And I was looking for a tea. You got a couple of them, huh? Right. And I got the 93 with the scratch matching scratches on each door. The scratch you've already. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. That's the color. Is it painted the butt to the mat? Is it really? Yeah. Well, I'm just going to leave my scratches on there. Then you'll notice me next time. Yeah. What do you have a great day, pal? Hi, there you go. See you. Yeah. We have an open line in date at 751 night. What do you laugh at about joy? You know, it's just amazing. This punk comes in here. Are you going to give me that stuff? Yeah. I am going to give me that stuff from my allergies. By the way, just once all the food that we've fed you over these years, all the nice things we've done for you. The hockey tickets that I gave the deodians wanted desperately. Bring me in some crap from my allergies. And I am never, ever crossing that street again, by the way. I just want to go on record right now. I am never going across the street. You know, after a Cheryl came and gave me the relay, the message about my blood test were fine. And she canceled a thing. And here's a message that came in a nil, that came rushing in with a message from over there. I would tell you not returning. I'm sorry. Nice people, but not for this kid. I'm just not going back. No more EKGs, no more blood tests, no more like invasive procedures that cost 80 million dollars. No more. Hey, hey, you're dying. If I die, I die. Okay, but at least I'd like to die with 10 bucks in the banks of those. I'm going to have some food. Here's a lady in Latterdale Lake. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi. How you doing? I'm very quirky today. Well, I'm very, very good. Good. I just listen to you every day. Great. Wonderful. I pay you what you want. Good, shakes. Yeah. Okay. Let me go, Diana. I beg your pardon. Let me go, Diana. Yeah. Where the hell is that? 70, 70, 70, 70. 70, 70 is that what? Like, Pine Island is, um, There's University, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80. Look around there, so why you live there? I don't know. I don't know. I see. It's east of there on Peter's Road, right? That's far from the garlic festival. Right. Right. Yeah. Because we came up to see her. Oh, God. Let's not go back in a bit. No. So it's the flamingo diner. Well, men go diner. They have the old soda fountain. Really? Excellent. And they're like best cop salots. You want to be vegetarian. You go eat there. They're wonderful. Yeah. Great service. It was named after the Great Harness driver, 80, come. I guess so. That's Genghis Khan with 80, come. Well, that's great. Well, you know, give it a shot. They have like wonderful cups of milk too. They have shot. Ha ha ha ha. We had enough shot around here. I don't need to go there for a while. I couldn't have shot here. I've been waiting on the phone for now, uh, 48 minutes. Well, it was worth it for us. Oh, yeah. I'm sure it was. It was. Who else would have called me about the flamingo diner? Oh, what? I thought this guy needs to know whether the good old fashioned soda fountain. Well, I'm going to check it out. Well, you're here with there. And you have a great day. You too. Now, love to take everybody out there. Go donate something to come out of town. We did. It's great. It's wonderful. Good cause. Thanks a lot. Love it. Bye. Bye. Don't forget tailgate party at your Robbie Stadium. Rick Riley will be there. Every time something comes up, he always immediately is looking for some excuse as all. He's got the kids this weekend. Well, that's great. He loves his kids. They're good kids. All of a sudden, he will be there this Sunday, at least for part of that tailgate party. And I will be there for least part because through the generosity of the dolphins through the kindness of their parts. And because I sit here in scream and a holler and yell and puke and plead for you to go out there and support our team and buy the tickets and fill up that stadium, they're letting us pedal our criminal's house. Where's it to tailgate party before the game again this Sunday? I'm going to go to the one to four. I'd get it right, get it. South side of your Robbie Stadium. You can't miss it. You have to be like, I can't imagine why anybody in the world would miss it on. I already put that away. Well, maybe you might drive by, but there's only one reason. I think I only had one. Oh, hey. So anyway, one to four before the game will be there peddling our way. Is the tape, the t-shirts, all of good stuff. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? This is Betty. Yes, Betty. I'm great. I was listening to you this morning. I heard you talking about the Melaluca trees. Right. Those things drive me crazy. You too. Well, thank God you called Betty because, you know, I got that lady the tree lady who did call. I didn't talk to her today because I'm getting tired. I mean, she probably has a point and she's probably right, but she has very minimal credibility. She's been a lot of those in your house. I bought a house in February and it is surrounded. I must have about eight of my big Melaluca trees and they're just in blue again here recently. And I got sinus headaches. I wake up at the morning. Is that it? Yes. Oh, no. Get me that spray, Joey. Like the next two minutes or less. I don't have allergies, but they smell like they really bother me. What do you get from them? I just get my headaches and eyes and those ones. What do you do for it? If I get away from it, see, you know, if I'm not near. Well, are they in your house? Are they like in the neighborhood? Where are they? I used to have a friend who had a minty French yard. Yeah. And when I went back with Balmine. Because one of my neighbors, I think it was my, um, um, sal, my long guy was telling me a couple of weeks ago that he's a cousin or somebody in their family can't even come to their house. That's right. Because we have Malaluk's all the neighborhood and they start wheezing and breaking out and dook in the head for like immediately getting the car and rush out of the neighborhood. Well, you can't take those trees down from your house. That's your whole whole house. No, because I got like about eight or nine of them. I mean, I would love for them to all disappear, but I don't think that's going to happen. I guess maybe I'll just sell my house. Well, no, I don't know. You know, talking about knowing a good way to find a good doctor. Yeah. A date County medical association, you know, the DCMA. Right. That's a good way to do it. Okay. Thank you, thank you. Well, thanks a lot, Betty. You have a great day. One more thing about the dolphins. Yeah. Go. Right. See you, Betty. Nice talking to you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. I know. Open line of day, 751. Where's those shakes, dammit? Oh, yeah. What is on his way? He's whisking his ponytail through the shakes first. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Call for a couple things. I'm first time caller. Definitely long time with. Yes, sir. You're great. Have you been listening to the updates that your think of station does? On what? Just everything. I mean, as far as how they advertise for their, you know, the news. They say the same story 20 times. But they don't complete it like the one about the part. Oh, yeah. I'm going to show you a real update then instead of that. Happy new year. Have you ever tried before? Right. It be, you know. Well, that's why we call it your ridiculous station for the 90s. Okay. We may not be good, but at least we're consistent. Yeah. Well, I'll be seeing you guys at the game, also. Great. We've got real nice tickets. We're happy. And go fish. Okay. Thanks a lot. What he grabers here, the freeze has sent over three authentic real honest to God. Oh, with whipped cream and chocolate, sprinkle. Look at that. Oh, man. There goes my thing. Well, okay. So I'm having one of these. If somebody's going to get us upset about that after three weeks of near perfection, then screw them as all I have to say. Okay. With a long spoon. Ah. Now, let me just take a little swing. Oh. Oh, God is that good. Man, I haven't had anything like that in my mouth in hours. One thirty two on the iodine network. If reducing the fast-efficient way to get it off your chest, it's the all new two-centele drive through confessional. No, my child. And where come two-centele? If you committed intense or less, try our sinners expressly or sometimes I've had meditated the shrine to our lady of the loob job. It's all of the two-centele drive through confessional. Stop by this week and get a free two-centele or go to Hellbubber's Dicker. Just look to the clown in the clerics college. Two-centele. Close, sir. One thirty-five in WIVD. These are just Godlike. These chocolate malt from the freeze. Mmm. Mmm. And we're all agreeing it's been a long time since we've had one of these. Here's a lit in the mall too. Here's a... Now why is he on the phone? Will you answer me the question? Why is he on there? And what does he want? And why won't he leave me alone John McKeul? I want to ask you. What do you want? How do you stop the fan of airtrucker? Why do you want John McKeul? What do you want John McKeul? Did you get the bloody tape? I haven't listened to it yet. Mmm. Boy, it's such a great guy to do things for. I got Neil Tape too ready for you. Well, hang on to us. I got test who baby store, lose Taylor's eyes, the couch but burps. The second week of their camp, drive him dead. Uh, worms and footprints on with ash. Yeah. Always plastic, they're yours. Right. So what do you want John? Well, I just want a little if you got the tape. I got the tape, John. Well, why don't you do something with it? Uh, well, bend over. Good boy, you'll see you, John. Oh, man. I'm choking over here. You know why? Dairy. Huh? Three and a half weeks? No dairy? Uh, man. I'm not. I'm not doing that. Gagging and choking and maybe he was just talking to John McKeul. Huh? Let me while we got a lady mobile on here, we're making her wait. Hello. Yeah, fine, Neil. On your dime, no less. And you have to wait for that crap. But I do believe I waited just like I talked to. But anyway, I wanted to commend you on how nice the words about lady that said that you brought her out so so much joy. And he passed away. Right. I just have never seen that side of you. And I just wanted to say how wonderful it was to be nice to her and not be a rude man. How bomb people? I'm happy to be very nice guy. Well, that's good to know. I just wanted to tell you that. Well, thanks a pile. Have a day, have a day. Bye. Bye. Two old palines in Dave County. It's just a radio show folks. Okay. Will you stop getting a so damn hyper-animotion? Let's just a goddamn radio show. Just take a deep breath and we'll let you know what to let it out. You can let it out now, Julie. And your breath. Am I a me lakes? Yeah, I need to talk to the dog. And the doggy doctor's in. What can we do for you, sir? Well, a lady called to me. So go on. She says to me, just squeeze my doggy things. Mm-hmm. And I did. And doggy's been following me around the household. Okay. Doggy won't wait me to fall doggy. Okay. Have a great life together. We have an open line in day. Don't forget, come and get it. Now, see, I don't like mentioning the products that I use on the year. Because then I go to my supermarket and they're like almost all gone all the time. Used to be no problem. There were always like piles of coming get it in the outpiles in the aisles. Which means maybe people are bringing their dogs in the store while they're shopping. Maybe that explains the piles in the aisles. But there was lots and lots of coming get it. And now it's like maybe there's one or two bags. And next time I go to probably be out. And which my dogs will not tolerate that kind of garbage. Okay. That kind of crap. Oh, man. There is fungus among us. It's good stuff, all right. But I don't think I'm going to be eating another one soon. Man, oh man. Oh man. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello, Neo. Yeah. Don't you miss ice cream? No. You don't. Not really. I think that's the only thing I would miss on that diet. No. I mean, I like ice cream. But I'm not that crazy about it. I got the, uh, field test cookies and cream. That's the, uh, field test. A lot of kind of survey got here. A seal test either. Yeah. Real kind of swear. Are that. You know, something easy was all right. Yeah. It's okay. So you came in. Have to be a bit enrolment. Had that real gelato. You want to go back and get the real thing. Oh, yeah. I've been over an Italy man. That's the real stuff. It's a real thing. And a gelato too, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. And yeah. I just want to say hello. And I second the motion from that lady that just called before. See you. You're a nice guy. I am. Bye. I agree. We have two open lives. They're both in day. Okay. I'm a bastard. Okay. I'm an asshole. God. Just cut the garbage. I'll read your show. Maybe I'm an ice guy. Maybe I'm not. And quite frankly, who gives a crap when it comes right down to it? I met my mommy's for lunch the other day. And she's very quiet this week on Tuesday. That was the day I was hyper ventilating about the Monday meeting and about this entire company. And she was very, very quiet, very mum. I had a mum mom during lunch on Tuesday. And after lunch is where I'm sitting there watching guiding light and trying to ignore her as best I can. And I made some comment about this place. And she said, you think it's such a good idea to criticize them so much. Yes, I do, mom. Mom. And mind your own business and cut the crap and stop being such an old quvetch already. Will ya? God. If it was up to her, I'd come in here. Oh, yes, yes, yes. I'd be kissing everybody's butt all over the place. It was up to her. Mr. insecure. Did I say we have an open line in date? I think I did at 751. And I think today we've started to make a little bit of a comeback here today. This is a little bit more like it. Here's Riverview. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Pretty good. Good. We're all in the neighborhood. Always talking about you're always talking about the player. Tates over and over. It has you in. I went to Dallas back to Dallas, the hometown for the holidays. Yeah. And he had to dice me and I'll then I thought, well, this is great. Well, they came back from the break and they said you're listening to the best of Howard Stern. Oh. Incredible. You're not the only one. Life is just one big tape man. I thought it. Well, you're really enjoying your show. Where are you going to be when you come to Tampa? I think I threw that thing away. Wait, let me see if I saved it or if I tossed it out. Is it the West View Mall? Is that the name of it? West View Mall. On Kennedy. Okay. That's it. Saturday morning. On this bag. Sure. My Kelly, it your cable and throwing this bag. Okay. Have a good day, man. Thank you, too. Yeah. That is if we do the Tampa thing. That's still in limbo in Rush Limbo. It all depends on whether a Tom Velvita can butcher. See, and then I made a comment to Bob Green about that. Be pressing a very annoying conversation I had with Tom Velvita. Right at it. And it finished like 10 seconds before I came on the ear this morning, which really, I don't need that. It just frosted my big fat pimple ass. I don't need that. It's just not a good, the confidence builder to get started for the day. And the thing about their sales department about how we still seven months later, we've had absolutely no communication with them. And we have no coordination and there's nothing going on. And Bob Green says to me, boy, wait till you meet their sales manager. As if to say, what a bunch of morons over there at SUN. So that's really inspiring, isn't it? Huh? Although expected, a mobile and margate on a deadline. How do you like this? Yeah, well, I figured you got a car phone, you might as well spin it around a little bit. Yeah, how's this thing sound, right? Not bad. Good. Listen, not good. Not good, not bad, that's car phones. One dollar still in Elfia. You like Dallas, right? Yeah. How many points? I don't bet on football. No, no, I'm not an excuse of that on football, but I mean, how many points would you have been in Dallas, of course? Yes. I'd give about three, I'd say. You give about three? What's the line? I think the line is about five. No. And I wouldn't give five. Well, that's why, see? Yeah, well, listen, I want to tell you something. You know, I listen to your show all the time and then you go seem to be getting Iraq together now. I think the Eagles are going to go all the way to SUN. Well, I hope so. I hope they go right up to the Super Bowl so we can beat them. Tell me how the game will knit. But any, I want to say is I am so convinced that the Eagles are going to win this weekend, that you're morgaging the house. No, not mortgage in the house, but I'll tell you what I'm going to tell you. If the win goes win, I'm going to send you a donation of 50 dollars for that house that you give to all the time. What's the name of that? Camelos house. Camelos house. Or just to my house. Yes. You, that if the Eagles don't win and I mean, if the Eagles do win, if Dallas wins I'll send 50 bucks, if the Eagles win, which do you want to send 10 dollars to Camelos house? What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? Give a donation. Who gives it a donation? No, if they do. How many gave 2000? How about, how about up to dolphins when you give 2000? You match mine. Well, I don't, I can't afford 2000. Oh, how about how about I'm giving it five to one. Oh, I see. You see, whatever you give. If you give 50, I'll give 50. How's that? Okay. Okay. Now you want to do that. Yeah. Remember, my name is Ryan. Okay. Okay. And I will send that into your producer if I lose. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good luck. I'm losing. 145 on. So that was Bob Green with the shades now. Is that the new look, the beard and the shades? Quite frankly, if I were he, I'd be trying to be an anonymous lately too. Especially after that meeting. But don't forget now. Dress for success. Because this is your super service station. Three radio stations are the same building. The era is contaminated. There's a fungus all over the building. All over the walls. There is mold. There is mildew. There are spores. There is mung. Ah, we don't have a continuity director. We have nobody writing copy. The sales people are like spinning. In fact, a peatee Simone. Is he still work here? He left me an out that he was going to see me this morning about some account. Never saw his ass in here today. And quite frankly, his ass is probably one of the few in the building that anybody would want to see. Not this guy. Oh, and Bob, about the guy that called Rick Riley the other day is I was on my way to Mommy's house or whatever it was. I was not packing candy at Mommy's house or anywhere else. Do you hear that? Bad Rick boy, he let some of the best calls in America on that show. 146, maybe he was just fudge and around with the truth. 146 on the IOD network. Media-religious Bob. Hey, yours was plugged for an ear. A year. Right, the ear for a year. So you want your tickets and I did not give them away. Although it would have been a very humorous thing to do. And I know, ah, yeah. There you go. Don't say I never brought you any good crap. And Rick Riley will be there at the tailgate party this Sunday. And although he doesn't know it yet, so will suds. Not. He such a deadhead, you know? Yeah, I mean, such a deadhead. You take just even if he didn't go to the game, just come to the tailgate party. You could smuggle him in and sign some autographs and the shake hands and drink a few beers and, you know, get some free start-track tapes. They do something useful. But he won't do it. Deadhead. Championship playoff. Championship playoffs. We got it there. The bills don't forget. We got a route for Buffalo on Saturday so the game will be here. Yeah. Well, because if Pittsburgh wins, they have the home field advantage throughout the playoffs. But if Buffalo wins were the division champions, so they have to come down here again for that game for which you have the ticket right in your hand. Wouldn't that be great? Buffalo coming back one more time. And then since it would be the last game of the year for Buffalo and us together, we could like kidnap all the Buffalo people come down here and round them up and put them in a camp somewhere. Huh? Right. Electric bleachers. I like it. There's no frauds. Here's a Tampa, hello. They kneel how you do it. Pretty good. You don't really think Miami's going to be San Diego this weekend. I don't know. I don't know. If we play well, we got a chance. I mean, they're not like the end of the world. They did start by losing their first four games. Yeah. But I'll tell you what the last two runs the dolphins played. They looked like they couldn't beat the Tampa Bay Bockingere. That is correct. Well, that's because we're like to keep your off balance. You never know which team's going to show up. Well, I'll tell you what the better step it up to his son. Because the way that San Diego teams play in there. You're right. They look pretty strong to me. That's right. There's some else I wanted to mention. Yes, sir. I noticed I heard on one of our issue in news breaks that the Marlins are having a advertising blitz across the state and they're neglecting to come to Tampa. I can't imagine why. Why? Can't figure that out. They're going to Jacksonville, Gainesville, or Lando Sir. So, they're all over the place. Not Tampa St. Pete? Not Tampa St. We're going to have to be in an oversight on Wayne's part. We will call him up and make sure he makes a personal appearance right there on a footstep of your thing. Oh, and by the way, you're going to a wish sure. Is that it? Okay. Is that okay that place? Oh, yeah. That's a real nice place. Good. The bar to low. Oh, then it must be okay. Yes, real nice. How long is it when he's playing out of there? You know, the date that you're going to be there? It's on Saturday, January the 23rd or whatever that Saturday is. I think it's 23rd. Okay, I'll try to see you there. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. You have to see six or 13th. That's not right. Huh? Wait a minute. The ninth, the 16th, and like I said, the 23rd is that what I just said, why you confusing me, Joey? The 23rd. This is so good though, this chocolate malt car. I'm savoring it. You know how if something is really like extra special, centrally good. And you're trying to make it last as long as possible. No, not that. No, that too. And it's got like the chocolate malt scrap at the bottom. See, that's the way a good chocolate malt is. It's got some of that the malt at the bottom of the thing that isn't like melted yet. And you kind of like suck that up to the straw and like chew it and get it in your mouth. And then you go to the dentist. Here's tell I, Hansie. Hello. Good afternoon. You're going to be really flimmed up now. Yeah. There you are. You're right. I've got a lot of. Yeah. I've got like your own milk gut. Look at that. Nice milk brown. Flam. Yeah. It does. If I can, I'm taking it home and freezing it, making some homemade milk does. That wouldn't be something you've returned out. That's how they made milk does. Yeah. That's what a flim ball is. Are you sure you guys are breeding Legionnaires? We are breeding Legionnaires disease and the air conditioning system. We invented Legionnaires disease. I'm, I, I, the way you're, is it? As a matter of fact, come to find out Bob Green was a Legionnaire before he came here. Oh, well, I've, I've got a lot to bring the table here. I want to get it out of the way. Okay. Go ahead. Number one. We ought to quit picking on the Canadians. What other group of people could take the letters are OY and pronounce it. Wow. Okay. Yeah. That's why. Are we talking about Leicester Patrick or Patrick Roth? Okay. And then the other one is when you always talk about Richard Bay, up here in town, have to, we don't have, is that on WOR? Right. Are they, you don't have WWOR on your table in town, I have to say, well, no wonder, man. They don't have, if you're a little bit too left-wing and too provocative and too much, no to the, too much enjoyable, good stuff and how are you going to want to know. When you're talking about the nudity, are they really nude or do they have, like, those, let's just put it this way. Might as well be. Might as well be. But not like the Patrick Bowman, blue or gray dots like they had a, William Kennedy Smith trial or anything. One time they did do that. Okay. But did they use that fuzzy, the thing like they used to shoot Donna Mills and not planning through, you know, like, white to bunch her Vaseline on it? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. And I have one thing to say on that. Oh, no. I have one thing to say about the dolphins. They're arrested. They're ready. They're really going to date. They are arrested and they're ready. And they're going to do it. And, and Richie Webb says he's going to do it on Sunday. And then they're going to be the chargers, too. Right. And I took, this is kind of in the same mode here, but it could be the kiss of death. I have my wife's, one of my wife's best friends of mine, he used to date, Jeff from Pizza Troth. I'm not sure she dated him or his pony tail, but she dated one of them. Oh, no. And I just want to mention that that you ought to make it clear right now. He better not show his ugly face near you during the game. Why? Why? Why? Is that thing real? Because that'll be the kiss of death. And, but they're, but it's going to happen. They're doing it. They're going to do it. And I feel real good. Well, one way or the other. Right. We are going to do it on Sunday. Make no mistake. I don't know. You know, one of the other. And I have a feeling it's going to either be sensational or it's going to be extra Audrey. Yeah. That's right. And then I'm hoping, like you say, let the bills come down one more time. One more shot on. Yeah. And I think shot is going to be the word. And maybe Kelly will be helping up to get killed in that game. We can only hope so. We can only hope that Marco Coleman takes him and does a Linda Blair spin with his helmet. It's not. We've had inside of it. You know, make a wish. And one, he grabs one leg and, uh, uh, and Cox, Brian, grabs the other and we'll make a wish. And there's a lot of things to do with his. He's grab one. Okay. Have a great day. See you. Oh, you said you two again, man. My musical taste buds are all of a sudden starting to get the patron. Oh, not you two. Please anything but that. Here's a mobile in Miami on a Broward line. Hey. Yeah. A limit. I mean, a taco bill here. Are you? Yeah. God. Man. So much. Woo. Hi. Listen. Um. Um. Yes. You said you're going to do like a remote or an appearance in Tampa? Uh-oh. The Taco Bell starting to kick in pal. Yeah. Yes, I did. Maybe. How's it going about it? Now, ask Rick Raleigh because he had a call yesterday that said that where your appearance is going to be is full of old people. Uh-huh. Right. So that you might be, uh, terrified. And a lot of, yeah, a lot of that. Well, don't you think it would have been a better idea if a Randy and Rick and So it's a laugh. We all went over there together and we did a big S.U.M. thing. Uh, well, I did a real promotion instead of this piece meal. This Tom Bill Vita is such a hic. He's a very nice guy. And he thinks that I'm a pin in the ass, which he's probably right. But he just, so he's so slow. They don't understand anything over there. Wow. Everything is OG. We can get a little press in the paper. But your man is, who cares about that crap? Typical management. Right. And the, and the top and all off. When on the way down to sleep, Rick Raleigh there. Uh-huh. That was the idea. I'm playing. Oh, right. Well, it's going to be a great weekend. Yes. And I am rooting for the Pittsburgh Steelers to kick. Buffalo's ass. Why? Because I hate Buffalo. I understand. But do you want to stay up there? Well, you know, I'm like torn between two lovers. Miami and Pittsburgh. But I guess I have to go where my heart is. Where your heart is. My heart is below. I'm going to be lost to Pittsburgh. Have a great life, pal. And put you up a little bit. Where do your people are starting to talk? Here's, speaking of starting to talk. Here's Margate. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, great to hear you. I've been out of town for about a month. Where you been? I've been out in San Diego. How do you press? Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I just got back. And I have a shameless request for you. I earned this guy call up a couple days ago. He asked for this, you had a conversation with a guy who was in the bridges. Yeah. And I've heard that for the first time the other day. And if you play that, I'd really appreciate it. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. It's too late today. I'd play right now, too late. It's too long. All right, play it early tomorrow then. We'll do it. All right, and go down from. Have a great life. See you. Oh, by the way, speaking, I do want to mention this. And I know nothing about this deal. And they probably don't either. Rick and Sods at Padrinos. This Saturday from noon to three. They would have invited me to be there, but it's too far from where I live. It's in plantation. 8.01 South University drive. That's in the fountain shops Padrinos. And that's from noon to three. Rick and Sods are going to be there. They especially made a point of saying, we do not want to kneel anywhere near our place. No, I'm not coming over there. No way. Ah, oh. But if, if like a flambal comes through the window, you'll know that I was in the neighborhood. The best of Rick and Sods CDs tapes in and I'll wait a minute. Oh, look at this. Look at the way out of this is written here. Boy, oh boy, it says the best of Rick and Sods CDs tapes and t-shirts will be on sale. And then in parentheses, it says, along with best of kneel items. With all proceeds going to the Camillo's house, Mine will be the ones under the table. You have to ask for it. So I go here to convene this story. I have to ask for the magazines with the brown wrappers on. That's how the best of kneel stuff is going to be at Padrinos. It's the stuff that's in the brown plain wrapper under the table. Way down deep underneath there, as in it's getting so deep that I can feel it now. Padrinos, this Saturday, Ricky Sods. 8.01 South University drive in the, what is it? Founding shops in plantation where most of the places aren't doing too well, by the way. Except the bookstore. Is it near the bookstore? I never saw Padrinos. I don't know where it is it. I guess it can't be too far because like on one end you got your circuit city. And where the white mountain ice cream used to be that was so great. White rock, white mountain, whatever it was. And like way over on the other end you got marshals. There's Marshall still in business? No. They're not? Oh, long gone. Like I said, used to be marshals over there. And then we got the travel guys, our friends. Whatever happened this year to our travel people, by the way. Absolutely travel. Remember all the great checks we used to have from them for Camillo's house. And really helped us out tons and tons of money. And Peter and all our good buddies over there are pizons just kind of disappeared into the woodwork. So let's get over the $100,000 mark tomorrow for sure because this is really dragon on. 98,429. We got a long way to go. The rest of January. And the AT&T Camillo's house hotline, 1885, 20006. And all of our stuff will be there. In fact, everybody will be there except suds. Leave it him out on Sunday at the tailgate party. Because basically he's anti-social. This Sunday from one before.