Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN. Finally, entertaining AM radio. Not the same old talk. It's the Neo-Logger Show. You can talk to Neil Live by calling toll-free, 1-800-944-9463. That's 1-800-944-9463. The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff, management or advertisers. Of Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN. We have to go over his head behind his back. We have to call up little Bob Neil in Atlanta to get anything that we need that we want that we would enjoy. We have to go someplace else because we have a program director who just won't do it for us. What is that that you're taking out of here? Up there's a puddle on it. There's a puddle on our pie. Now what my parents. Oh. Thanks to Florence again for making our good Friday so good. Did they bring macaroni and cheese by any chance? I bet they have macaroni and cheese. In fact, I like macaroni and cheese. There's a broccoli and cheese pizza which is almost macaroni and cheese. What else we got? We got a whole bunch of crap. Anyway, Wayne Arnold has called and said that he would donate $200 if we take up a fund. Which would be pretty damn embarrassing that we have to take up a collection. So we can afford for a multi-billion dollar company to slip over to Tampa to do our show a few days while our revamping the studios here. Wouldn't that be the epitome of humiliation and embarrassment but that Neil has to go on the air and take up a collection to raise $6,000 so Randy and Rick and Suds in Neil can go to Tampa and have a good meal or two and stay in a decent hotel and do their show over there a couple of days? That to me would be the epitome of humiliation and embarrassment. But again, I know nothing. Okay. Because boy Gary has no humiliation level. Did I say that? You don't have to. We have an open line in proud. We're eating by the way so don't bother us. We're eating now and by the way I do want to mention that traffic patrol metro traffic holes whatever the name is at seven o'clock this morning and he tells me also miss these are the same people who put out the memo that said we will never never never never never never never missed another traffic report on WIOD. See we missed a call on WIOD because there are whole existence. There are lives. There are listeners. There are whole aura over there is dependent upon us putting that bogus traffic on the air. So they missed a seven o'clock and now it 11 o'clock for Jackie sitting there and we're waiting and we're waiting and we're playing that stupid obnoxious sounder that sounds like star track on a bad day and there's nobody there. That's the one. And thank God I'm playing because at least it feels that embarrassing empty gap and there's like something there. Quite frankly the soap opera music is an improvement over the usual traffic. They're not there. Kill it. So anyway we got $200. I'll tell you well Wayne just send me over the $200. Okay I'll make good use of it at the track tonight. Just a joke Wayne. It's just a joke because he would do it. That's a kind of guy Wayne is easy. Okay here's a lady in Tampa who's been waiting a and it turnily long amount of time. Neil. Hi. It's a boy in Tampa. It's a young boy in Tampa. Yeah. I'm not a girl. Well you sound like a girl. That was your young boy. Yeah. And all young boys sound like girls. So don't feel bad about it. Okay. I mean look at Andy in our newsroom. He's an old boy and he still sounds like a girl. Anyways, tomorrow I'm going to my first flight in game. Great. And there against the black cock. Oh we need your help again. How come all these other teams are playing the scrub teams? The black cock and the red wings are playing you guys. We're playing Winnipeg and Teamus Salami. I don't know. Who are they? They're good at the black cock. Who's their main guy? Jeremy Ronic. Okay. Is one of their main guys. Okay. And then they got that Ed Behill for Belfare in a goal. Whatever his name is. And about good Friday. Yeah. I was my friend's Catholic. It also happens to be an altered boy. He's an altered boy. Yeah. And I had to go to church at him one time. And the station is across. So just walk around with all the different kinds of crosses. Uh huh. And they have like little plaques on the wall. Yeah. You like you play free to different plaques everything. Like two hours long. Yeah. It kind of boring actually. And did the priest do anything clever or cute with them? Or just uh not yet? No. He's working up there. I sure hope not. If the priest asks you to go camping with your friend and then tell him, you have to tell him you're going to a hockey game. Yeah. I'm going to a liking game. Okay. Enjoy it. Okay. When you win the game for us, please, we need your help. If it was not good out there in the ice and win in myself. Okay. And I like to call every teacher at my school douchebags. Okay. Thank you. See you, pal. Bye-bye. What a guy, huh? And George says it's a lady and tap. Come on, George. Put you up a little bit. Will you? Can't you tell a boy from a girl? We have an open line in the Broward 5241 on the 800 line. And everybody is in here eating frantically. Just fingering our stuff, man. Got no. You can do it, but you're like frantic. Like you haven't eaten in trust me. You're not missing any meals. I can see that. Man. Oh man. She's got a puppet on her. Do we have uh what do we got here before Terry before it playing? That's fine. I'm just a plain kind of guy. Thank you so much. No, not for me. No meat today. It's good Friday for crying out loud. Oh, and there's a nice anti-poth though. And can all these, please take them out of here. Take them into the newsroom. No seriously. Take them out because I would not eat in that kind of crap. I'm going to be on my best behavior. And a nice salad. That looks good, huh? Oh, it's got a lot of it. Yeah. I'll think about it. Okay. It's 10 after 11. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Hey. Did you ever find after that guy was on the stretch of the 17th stretch of Roe with Guy on the end? No. He's a friend of mine. No. Get out of here. No, who he is? Right. First we had David from the hockey game. And now we got a guy who knows the aerobics guy. He's a friend of yours. He's a friend of mine. He's also dating the girl that was to his right. Really? You're left. Well, I have to check her out. Now, they're not doing that anymore, huh? They're not doing what? No, they've barely cut it off finally. They cut it off. I'm going to the game tonight with another friend of yours. Yeah. Do you remember before Orlando, a guy named Pat? Pat from Pat from um, oh, a fat Tuesday. From Pat to the thing? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I was thinking of the game with him tonight. Are you kidding me? That's Pat the race track guy, right? Pat the race track guy, you know? Yeah. I was thinking about Pat the other day. You were? Very yes. Long and hard. He's a good guy, Pat. Yep. Yeah. Well, that's it. Let's get back to the guy from the aerobics. Okay. Okay. His name is Ed. Ed. That's kind of a boring name for a good looking guy. You know, did you go to school with him or something? I went to you and with him. You went to you and did you room with him? No. Do you know anything in a bit as he circumcised? Well, I was on the symptom with him. You were on the swim team. Oh, my god. Any pictures? Come on. Seriously. Ed is a real healthy looking guy, isn't he? I catch a picture of him and his banana hammer. And his one? Don't say it again. You know the speedo. Don't say it again, Chiquita. God, almighty. This isn't a fruit friday. This is good Friday. Don't suck bananas with us. He's now as he is healthy looking as I thought he was from a disco. Oh yeah. He is. He's well-toned and defined and they're all good. Oh, God. Ed, we love you, Ed. But he doesn't listen to the show, right? No, I don't think so. Why not? Well, I get him too. I'll call him up. Turn him on to it. I want my while you. Yeah. I'll bring him to the station if I can. Are you serious? I'm serious. You're going to bring Ed here to this radio station someday. Oh my god. I hope I live that long. You will. Okay. All right, Neil. Thanks for the good news. You made my eye and have a happy whatever you're celebrating. All right. And find out if it's your come-side. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. See you. I'm telling you, this must be our lucky week. I'm taking 50 million dollars to pop at O'Parks tonight, but in the hall on Louis, Palucci. That's how confident I feel. I'm betting it all on Dennis, Dormandine and that big trot tonight. Not. Here's an open line in date. Is that you're saying what you're saying? What's hanging out of it there? There's something gross hanging out of your little thing there. Look at that. Oh, fair. Anyway, it's 1113 on the IOD network. The goddess Randy Rhodes tonight, 72111 on news talk radio 620, WSUN. Don't you have a fantasy of what I look like? Yeah, we've got to be better than what I actually look like. So why do you want to torture yourself? Why do you want to ruin a good thing that we have? We got a good thing going on here, Pal. Why am I going? Don't you think that we got a good thing going on here? Yeah. So why mess with it? Well, I must know what I look like. Why is that so important to your daily function? Curiosity. No. Well, you don't want Curiosity. Yeah, I know. So why do you want to push the envelope? Well, because I feel so distalistic, I've never really listened to anything. Oh, I see. See you want to run with the pan. There you go. You want to be one of the boys. Hey. You just want to meld into the crowd. You want to mold in. You don't want to be individualistic. You don't want to have your own style, your own day, your own B. You want to just follow the crowd. Just follow the lead. Just, uh, get all your ducks and line and be one of them. Right. I mean, we'll send myself to just have that level of power. All right. Okay. All right. Bye. You talk radio 620, WSUN. It's the Neo Roger show. You can talk to me a lot by calling toll free, 1-800-944-9463. Well, we got a chorus line here. Let even Morrison's would be impressed by. Anyway, it's 11-16 at WSUD. There's an open line in Broward 524. We have it all a contra-tombs here about this, um, about our thing. Oh, there we go. Here's a Dunedon. Hello. Dunedon? Long gone, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to, uh, just talk about yourselves to part. But you've got a real winner as the sales manager here. I'll tell you that much. Here? Yeah. What do you mean here? We have a sales manager in Dunedon? No, no. I don't know. I'd like to send our sales manager to Dunedon. Dunedon. Whatever it is. Let me tell you what he said. He said, we've got to spend 400,000 dollars a year to pay, uh, Neil Raj's salary. Yeah. So, I said, what are you talking about? Well, I'm talking about what a great sales department. Who are you talking about? Jeff Clark? Yeah. You know, you don't who he is, right? What is my salary have to do with Jeff Clark? I don't know, but that's what he said. I asked him why the spot was so inexpensive. It's so inexpensive? Yeah, it's too, too, 25 for 60 seconds spot on your show. Uh-huh. I asked him why he was so inexpensive. You know? Inexpensive? Yeah. What do you mean so inexpensive? Well, if you look at the other stations in the other markets, they charted a hell of a lot more. You look at how it's starting to look at the other people. For example, this isn't New York. Okay, this is my, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh. I mean you're so what do you want sir? Why don't you say something you're going to put up around the Mallbury bush would you have no idea how much money I make you would know Jeff Clark if he popped up under your desk right now What are you talking about? All right, I mean I probably would know Jeff Clark, but then I wouldn't want to know him either Exactly, I'm sure that neither would I got a personality like a dead mouse Well, you know the they only pay you 25 hours What can I do here? Well, yeah, they only pay at this they only pay that Mr. Mavin. He's gonna He's coming on here to tell everybody how much we're gonna do for this you're an asshole Sir, you're an idiot, okay Jeff Clark is a brain surgeon compared to you and he's a moron We have an open line in Broward five two four one on the green line was that Opie's boyfriend or what? God was that pathetic Miami Lakes Cornel yes sir first of all I like to say that Jackie Baill is a goddess and That she doesn't anchor the job. Yeah, that's a heck of a job. Yep. All right. You know the last guy do you know Okay, I got a great movie scene for you. You're see the movie. Lots of America. No without her Brooks. No, that movie no Great, I won't give it away for you that, but it's a good movie about Got a lot of Vegas in it a lot of gambling and it's you really Up Great play to go. Jesus Christ Well how many pizzas were in here George three Would try ahead one slice and I just stood up here to have another slice of pizza. I have two slices. I had one I had one They're all gone You know this was very very nice This was beautiful man. They brought enough here food here to cater the whole goddamn army Can I had a slice of pizza? I just stood up here while you were joining on with your boring rap and I It's all gone Go ahead sir. Yeah, I remember keep your fingers in that pot of pile. I am Tony this place and these are the same people by the way George Remember how many days ago was it? They were all down there hopping up in the cafeteria down there just shoveling food with a goddamn pork lift into their ass Yeah, and did they offer anything to us? Did they offer us a crumb? Exactly today offer you any out of this see there you go and they come in here and wiped me out here There I mean the cupboard even mother-hobber never saw a damn cupboard this clean. I can't get over it. I can't believe it But anyway, what were you saying I just want to call Sunnyhurst a bush league over a fish is junk Yeah, I must have been beneath Ocentiago doing an angle action We have two open lines to both in date 751 So here's the story Marlins can a robex stretch one two three kicked. It says poor Ed It was just getting to be a star. You know my good buddy Ed from the swim team It says score it traditionalist one Richard Simmons zero after a brief experiment with a seventh inning stretched at featured a co-ed group of ten dancers Trying to lead the JRS crowd in a robex the Marlins of Candy Act and favor of an old-ball park faithful the playing of take may out to the If a comedian tells a joke and no one laughs you don't keep telling it over and over again Said Dean Jordan the Marlins vice president of communications. We watched the crowd reaction for the robex and it just wasn't there I think somebody reacted to it. I want my pants the seventh inning stretchers did not perform Wednesday When fans enjoyed that did he about peanuts and cracker jacks more than a robex this which became permanent The stretchers were a group of mascot John Routes more athletic friends. Oh John Ralph knows them Well, I want you to keep in mind John the reason you're here is because I told John Routes Ron Fraser years ago at the college world series in Omaha where we were playing South Carolina John Ralph used to be cocky the mascot of the South Carolina game cock's how do you like that and he was great And I said to Ron you ought to get this guy and bring him back for the hurricane. He's the best and he did and that's why he is here So keep that in mind John the only reason you're here making all the big bucks and sweating your ass off in that grotesque Billy the Marlin thing is because of me and he knows it Ralph the man inside Billy the Marlin might incorporate some of the former stretchers into his fifth inning act Please at least dead The Marlins did not originate the robex idea Toronto is used it with success The Marlins figured the combining the glory and step on anthem get on your feet with the natural brick in the action We provided perfect aerobics mix. It did not and By the way on the bottom whoever facts me this information says jewelry Reynolds blows With a whole bunch of H's and exclamation points and Amen to that on good Friday So that was very nice by the way. There was a whole broccoli pie which I never saw which somebody in hailed There was a whole plane cheese and what was the other one broccoli cheese pepperoni and Brownie and washer which I didn't want but just one more slice plain would have been nice. You know just another slice They would have been at one slice of this that's my lunch I don't want this over here. Maybe a little out of slice God what a bunch of hauser's man that you know what that would be like that would be like going into somebody's home Seriously you're your guests inside these people aren't even guests they just come barge in in here You're going to somebody's house that you know or maybe you don't even know And they're like they're bringing dinner around you know She's bringing all the stuff out putting it on the table and She goes back in the kitchen and comes out and you've eaten all the food and say okay Have a nice day happy Easter That was the I thought we had seen well I want you everybody who keeps track of the show I want you to write it in your diarrhea I want you to put it right down what it's all about okay And then this hour we get a guy from Dunedon calling and he was gonna buy lots of spots a lot of time on his radio station Who probably is Jeff Clark's boyfriend giving a song to dance about how he thinks I make this I got to this for your pal. You're not even close It's 1124 on the IOD network you can hear Bob last winter weekday morning 6 to 10 on news talk radio 620 WSUN It's recon suds today to the six on news talk radio 620 WSUN Have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me Well Regards prison sounds that make you want to throw up Work for it. I'm so sick making one of throw up you get I can sleep by for a run and who could forget the classic Girl you can't hold you can't hold you You know you make me want a bar You don't you can't you the Make you want to So no jersey Zella Pookin gets to goals for the what the all are they New jersey Devils what a horrible name that is that's almost as bad as the a mighty Ducks and the Panthers There is it Zella Pookin and the Ranger fans are puking for yet at mercy. It's all gone It's all gone they came in here and they cleaned it out I'm gonna I'm gonna walk it up out of this damn chair And just all right this is the most the your right George this is the most amazing Tank job that we've ever had done in the history I've been here for 1.5 years We've had 50,000 pounds of food brought in here for us For me in George not for everybody else which we share gladly gladly, but Here's an empty not even a crust not a crust here is an 1.50 pizza box which they brought in three big Flora's pies here is an empty box. Okay, here Oh, I'm dropping out of a plane to hear that I believe it Oh, it just hit the water Here is a empty plastic thing here Is another empty plastic thing here some parmese and cheese Here's some salad dressing for salads which are no longer here here are some soup containers for soup Which is no longer here is a bag which I thought maybe they were like some rolls or the and empty bag with some more some Plastic stuff in it forks and boom And stuff there isn't a crumb What time did they come in here? 10 after 20 minutes and 36 goddamn seconds ago and there isn't a crumb on this table Not a crumb this is the all time as they say in Canada record and Why do they say that because they're constipated because their roots are in Britain Record I have never in my life seen a and even Gary mills by close personal friend from accounting No, when you laugh the only reason he got that any pasta. I would have eaten that but it's just loaded with anchovies I didn't want that anyway. I just want another piece of pizza. I wanted two pieces of pizza would have been a nice lunch They you know right that's a nice lunch. That's okay. Not one two And two of the boxes by the way are mysteriously missing The only thing I said take out here was the canoes. I said the Terry take the canoes out here and take them in the Because I don't want to eat that it's like send my blood sugar up to 50,000 their delicious, but I don't want that So please good amount of here. Thank you and she did And thanks by the way to Terry who put a slice of pizza on a on a on a little paper plate or I would head You know something that would have been that would have been the camper They we almost had a perfect shot out there Even Jose Guzman never came so close to perfection As we almost did oh seriously you're laughing, but it's true if she wouldn't have just reached over and done that for me and handed me that once slice of plane pizza I would have had nothing That would be like that would be like my mother working over a hot stove all day on Thanksgiving day preparing a gigantic meal And turkey and yams and stuffing and Motsa balls and what are and she puts it out there on the table and all the snores come in and they hop it up and she walks out of the kitchen and there's an empty table there I mean absolutely and good Friday no less On good Friday no less. I feel a little bit cross now. I'll tell you that I mean that nailed it for me right there That was the most disgusting The most obnoxious I hope that everybody in this building is guzzin the public and we're happy now, okay? I hope you're real satisfied with your barbara grow test behavior you animals you Assholes you idiots you Yeah God and how when you people see me gee you look uh, you know keep in the waitoff you know of course I'm keeping the waitoff. I can't get to you to goddamn thing keep in the waitoff. It's not by choice One day I got out gold spin and he reet in a fall my food we get pizza shepherds in 50 pies He eats 49 and a half of plus a partridge in a pair of tray everything that's not nailed down he ate it God Here's a lakeland hello Oh, Lakeland that's what it says here. Oh, he's crazy. This is a scholar. I'm not a lakeland. Yes, you are a scholar. You ought to be He doesn't know he's busy trying to salvage some food here. God. All right. We'd elect you some crumbs, but there aren't any Because that dog really you're not coming in this weekend. No, it's uh, it's supposed to be in that show last week. I heard it I think we're gonna have George billin. Yeah. Hmm. Hey, I was I just called to ask George a simple question I got put on home for a That's what happens and I'm gonna tell you it's a good thing he did that or he would have got shut out too I would have hung up on a food set you you have never in your life. I'm serious you have never seen Herd witnessed heard about I mean you would have thought that these people were locked up at Auschwitz for 20 years And they just got lit out and we're allowed and that somebody whispered food and they just all came running in here and just went out of their minds Well, maybe a lot of the more closet French Canadian Mike being that yeah, good be because it's It's Norris closet Causers I think is the word we're looking for Causers as in pig as in I would have tried to repeat that work, but I'm a favorite Mike from stealing out of my mouth No, be good for it get it out of your system. I'll let you get a gigantic flambour Brian giant water Beautiful, so are you in the guitar man? Gonna do another do what this week? Not this week, but sometimes so sometime in the future But not not in the near future No the last Sunday of this month. Oh So that's April 28 I think So mark it on your calendar And did you use the baseball cut they said to this week? No, I haven't heard of you that you haven't heard of you George said he didn't understand him because he didn't know anything about baseball Oh, well, that's very timely. We'll cut him up for next week Cardamom cut him up. Okay I just want to make sure because I don't want to know you really sick or you just putting the son in the show was so bad How come they won't call you is there some reason for that? I don't know. I don't know I don't know we're following Joey yeah, by the way congratulations for hanging up on that What in fest-a-old bitch Ruth that call I heard that because almost everybody called said boy you got a tough act to follow and then she called and said you got a tough act to follow He meant it oh That Joey is so wonderful. It's tough to come on and to top him and you sland I lie was cheering in the car Give you a sitting ovation. I did it was beautiful Yeah, well, I don't know right. I don't know why they don't call but I get a lot of people saying you know I never turned my radio on on Sunday afternoon before. Yeah, so yeah, I won't ever do it again Thank you. Thank you so much. No, you're right. It's gonna take a while to work your way into this You know that trauma how they running a problem up from my show yet? No. Oh good well I'm glad I came in and cut one with tonight Came in and cut one. Yeah, it's still lingering by the way. Well, yeah, well, maybe that'll do me some good probably from the flu I'll get it out of your system and have a great show Jim Skyler this Sunday two to six Yeah, no, no not to the six This Sunday four to six after the very prestigious UMFSU game at least that game will have an audience anyway Joe yeah, well, I'll be a switch. Yeah. All right. Thanks a million and at least you're not on right after Joey So like I said the UM baseball audience will be like 50 times whatever his is good. Okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Take care of yourself Yeah, bye bye Jim Skyler the star are almost at the weekend here. He's a coming along We have an open line on the green line and boy, I feel like I haven't eaten lunch at all. You know what? Yeah Good, I feel like an idiot Oh, you know what it is. It's our F that's why I'm here and stuff aren't not a lot Don't even said because then they'll come in and start playing with stuff It's just a little tiny bit of RF. I like it as a matter of fact Tamara Tamara hold on Tamara. They're touching around and I'm late anyway 1137 on the IOT network You can wake up with Bob Lassiter every weekday morning from 6 to 10 on news talk radio 620 WSUN Hello Is this the an answer for the radio? Oh, this is the an answer for the radio. That's correct. I'm concerned about your use of for an network over the radio The radio Like once comes into people's homes where they're little children learning how to talk Little children learning how to talk that's right. You propose it. They shall learn to talk your way What's what is what is wrong with the way that I talk now? You have frequent use of for it. And words over the age. Like what? Well, I'm not going to say them over the task. Oh, you like Dan? Usually I stop. I was here. The person who has had your bandage of higher education doesn't find it necessary to resort to far Let-of-rare. Well, I'm a high school dropout. I'm not happy that it's a higher education. I'm a high school dropout. Hello You talk radio 620 WSUN. It's the Neil Roger Show Oh, Neil. My queen. Go I think snowy in my house. Not my cat. Not a male. I hate food. Gave me gas. Now it's coming from my And request to tell you lies put your head between my thighs for now that starts the lingo All you do is fool my thing Lots of people turn their nose at my foot with dirty poses. Jerry all well want to do And stand your burn heart that you screwed me if you're critics criticize let me give you my advice Don't have talent as a singer, but I'll let you pull my phone Pull my finger Look 42 what are you doing? Sabering that eating it slower what you must have saved it. Oh, I say I Thought you were hiding it out of the table or something. So what are we gonna do about this? What do we do about this? Averent uh, I mean that's it? That's my lunch eight slides of pizza somebody in Lakeland. I know what's say and I don't mean gym scholar Tamara Tamara Yes, oh And the same to you sir. Oh, we've got cottage for the range of the few weeks ago I'm looking forward to the new Florida team The Florida fleece. I don't know what they'll call me and young daughter of painting the room today and joining your show Your show reminds me that show you did what you was saying something about dare to be mediocre Did you read about Gwen Turner's getting back in business? No Wasn't the paper the other day he's out of freeze off probation It's a technicality that lardies do a big business for Easter with his hair lip Other than that we're joining your show we're panicked. Okay. We have an open line at Broward five two four other And then when they say other than that then they're out of material and he was before he started to go paint this paint your balls But Tampa Bay hello Yeah, how's it going today great a little point once a station to see a real quick Oh Great nice going listen when you're up in the steppe Bay area forget about Donna tell us I'm not gonna forget about Donna tell us Venture a little bit north up to small little city called Hudson in the river here at KFA it makes Donna tellers look like Like the olive garden. Yeah, right your demon no, no, I'm not your own it. Hello, I just spectacular sir Hey, do you ever miss it up there at the TV down from Buffalo, Raceway? I talked to you a few months ago about that Do I ever miss it? No, I don't miss it. I tell you did a great job when you were up in that area They miss you. I did a great job of what did a nice job at the track with Stanley Baron? Have a great life pal. He's a related to the guy from Dunn Eden too. We have an open line allegedly and Dunn Eden Open line in another green lines. Boy out. What is who are these people anyway? Just feeding back the same old it's exactly that's what I'm hearing on the phone today is radio grips Highly a garden. Hello Nice talking to you. He was like the guy remember the guy that was Reading stuff back off a tape about harness racing all those names. That's what this other guy was like Didn't nice job up there with Stanley Baron sir. You wouldn't know stand Baron from the Cleveland Baron's okay Give me a break already and stop feeding back old the garbage get a life somewhere Miami on the starline hey Neo Good to be coincident or Some act from the post at the mountains are gonna play the Padres the Padres on good Friday boy. What and what if that isn't an oldman Unreal yeah Fat rich. How come he drives running up pizza crap at the court if he's got all them barks he could belly fit nothing Because he's got a shoehorn that's how they stick his ass in there That's why he's got the big bucks. He's got 85 cars, but they're all cheap I think What what is this today everybody's like into way? They're all we got like a little dire either already a book you've got a song at a dance about fat rich in the car He drives the other guys concerned about how much money I make and how much talent fee I get per spot and how much of it The sales department rip soft. What is this? Is this lifeless good Friday people who have no life? Could be that Neo. It could be and I think it is in your case boy What a succession of losers man all the good people they're in church right now, right? Open line on the star line at star i o d i m Psych it's not bad enough that we have to take up a collection so we can go to Tampa And let me say it again. I'm going that week even if I just go on my own. I'm not doing no show in a broom closet And see the problem here being like I said before Randy in a heartbeat chill She'll go along with it. She'll scream shield yell even the first time she carried on to such a degree that I went to bat and Bob Neil and I stopped on his head And we all got to go But Rick Riley do you think that he's gonna do he's gonna make a peep? You think that he's gonna protest you think that he's gonna it just like that meeting we had And I go in there and Randy had to even go out on the earth so it's me and Rick and suds and chuck and this and you know I'm I'm saying my piece and he's he's doing oh well, you know boy Gary's always been very supportive for me in a time I have it. I mean I have never seen such suction in my life I thought the damn walls were gonna cave it in that room You go into a situation and he needs support from somebody and all they do is suck around and quite frankly with his talent Okay, here's a highly a garden. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing great? Did listen first of all I got a shameless request. Yes, it's my birthday today really yeah, can you blame it at the tune? Can I play it for you? I'll think about it. Oh, thanks a lot. Well, now I got a guy in four mires I think he's a real world class douchebag. Yeah, he's a real asshole his name is Santiago Sardeto I beg your pardon. I got the alcohol. What is our date of our date of our date of in that a world class sounds like it Now over here. How old are you today sir? And what's that? How old are you? 20 years old 20 years old today? Yeah, oh my god, and you still can't go on by up here That's what a pile of crap. Yeah, you I can go and die for my country and I can drink. Did that something? Yeah Well remember a couple of weeks ago you were talking about pizza. Yeah, you had a guy from Brannambring on pizza now You really know how to hurt a guy when he's down man I'm sorry Well a guy from Brooklyn called you up and he said He said some pretty nasty things about pizza loft. Yeah, and I think he's a douchebag Also his name is Vinny. Yeah, he's right here next to me. Call him a douchebag. Well, yeah, yeah I saw I think it's more appropriate in Vinny's Happy birthday pal. All right. Thanks a lot of you. Don't have any to get a life all right and go tie one on all right. Thank you We have an open line in date 751 and it's lifeless Friday. It's good Friday, but everybody's searching for a life and identity They have your search and for a damn slice of pizza I just I still I it's like one of those things were it happened, but you can't you just your mind is blocking it out And you just can't absorb the fact that it really happened kind of like the Tent erase Monday night at Pomp and O Park by the way You know now that they're playing it take me out to the ball game at your Robbie Stadium Wouldn't it be appropriate if we play instead of the national anthem before the racer started Pomp and O Park We play three blind mice and out of the judges up there scene O evil here in O evil and totally oblivious and screw the public and don't confuse us. We saw nothing wrong We've never seen anything wrong You think they have their own little private window up there Huh Who's punching out those tickets up there? It's 1149 on the IOD network Randy Rhodes is here tonight seven to 11 on news talk radio 620 WSUN. Oh, I don't believe it. Well, I actually went out to that Hollywood broad walk one night Yeah, and there's like a little cafe down there and I don't know what the hell the name of it is But there's like this little old French pastie woman in there Oh, God, I don't even think she's French man I think she's like from my mobile Alabama She's got the worst French accent I ever heard of my whole life and she's over 40 with a large March breath I mean really big chef with a two shirt Yes, we're the top top on. Oh, give it a rest Nobody over the inch of mortise where one of those and you tell him she's like singing in French all we are You know is good pizza Chan and all these old French ones. They don't know this thing because she's masculine Beetle so she's masculine Frank Sinatra and they're like trying to sing along in the oh I don't part of my response will from brain and down I get that we all look at it like go through their luggage when they get to the border or something like that and just make sure they have no flesh colors No fault without too much to ask you talk radio 620 WSU and it's the Neil Roger show Pro for crying out loud. I think I want to talk about it on the air right now It's And by the way, how's the Paris doing? Now he won't come back in her house Paris doing anybody seen him. Yeah, he's out at the track right now. He's out there at the track right now Well, guess what? More on Oh, if they were paying like 50 cents You got to try to do a job for somebody not just not just go through the motions because our sales hole Mr. Paris is busy at the track again today to try to make it a good Friday for all Here's the plantation hello Plantation hello. Yes, sir. Oh, hey. Well, they held me out how's it going? Okay. I have a They complain about your station. Yes, it happens at 1149 every day 1149 that got it damned weather commercial. Oh, it's the promo. Oh my It sounds like something I wrote in high school. It sounds like exactly like a like a top of a more like a bad high school radio station And I don't mean WKPX because they wouldn't put it on like a jammer to our piece of crap Oh, it is garbage and what I understand also is why not put a like a Randy road's promone I wouldn't that be more logic. This is the only major market radio station. I know of the plays Promos on the ear for its news weather and traffic I really mean that I don't know any other radio station in America the major market that plays promos in I mean it's just recycling the same audience the people are already listing no Unfortunately, they know how bad the traffic reports are and how the weather is usually wrong even though so Pretty good guy and it's on tape half of the day. They know all of that already right now All of this is a slap in the face to the audience because we got all these spots We got a ton of business and the brakes are too damn long anyway So it just makes the break another minute longer and not only that, but there's 60 damn seconds long Whoever heard of a 60 second promo Well, first I do listen for the weather that's the only reason I'm listening is for those great weather report. Me too But I mean the other thing actually the ones that I'm tape they started in the middle because somebody forgot to recue the cart Went over the county of the high. Yeah, that's my favorite Yeah, they're pulling something like those whether the forecast they suck I mean you know I might as well just pull something out of my ass. Yeah, and I mean they decide well That's where they got them how many totally exhaust grade would take garbage Yeah, I know I wish I just wanted to say another boy Gary is this is the same man who will not come up with a few thousand dollars to settle his high price Talent to Tampa and I got news for you. We're gonna go if I have to you know We got about a month to figure this out and if I have to brainstorm it again If I have to call botany on Atlanta and threaten to blow somebody's brains out We're going well if you start up a collection of contributes. Okay. All right. How's that? Thanks. All right. Thanks. See there you go Wayne Arnold's got 200 just waiting and this guy's got a buck or two. How do you like that? And I wouldn't be surprised if Louis Palucci kicks a few bucks in and round waples There's an open line on the starline at Star I od here's a girl in Boko. Hello I Like I said the kids are home from school and don't put any of them on the ear, please Miami. Hello Hello, yeah, like I said the kids are home from school and they're all calling uncle Neil today. Okay Go find take up a hobby take up knitting go play badminton go Scooby diving at the bottom of the pool for a couple of hours with no mask and no air just get out of our face Here's Miami Beach on the starline Yeah, I don't think okay. All right. I was just thinking of how you got chiped on your one piece of pie today They're coming back Laura's just coming back. Well, I was thinking last week. Remember you went downstairs to get some Yeah, and everyone was downstairs. They were having a gigantic party down there You didn't offer me a crime. They didn't offer me the sweat off of their butt. That's what they offered me nothing It's that one to daily and anyway, yeah, we have a bunch of selfish introspective But holes here who all they care about is if we they got theirs if they got theirs They have bad memories. You ought to see them All right, I just wanted to think you know and answer memory on that next time they come up and next time Make come up here the cupboard will be bearer sir If we have to flush the damp food on the toilet throw it out of a plane with Rick Riley and I'm ready to contribute Okay, you're over to Tampa, do you know you need a little break every now and then reach in your pocket and feel the chance Anything okay, noisy phone I think he was in a plane getting ready to drop that phone out don't you decided like it to me So I'd like it was about I think that plane from 37,000 feet is dropping at I can hear it hit the water right now Wow At a boy Rick And I guarantee you my hand of the sky on this very blessed day whatever the hell it is I guarantee you that there will be these lemmings the little usica fans who will call in the afternoon and say Oh that nearly such a spoiled bar. We know it was real Rick don't the penny attention to him Oberlin and Broward 524 and what on the green lines and 1-800-9444 Wiod And mobile in the keys. Oh, I'm coming up from the keys. All right, and that a lot of things coming up in the keys Hey good article today in the paper about Benito and He how he does it on his knees. He does it on his knees. It's great. I will and you know the interesting part of it is Benito being Roman Catholic probably is doing it the ways posted right in the picture has to watch out He has no signal. He just does it from his knees. Yeah, he almost took the pictures head off the other night Well, he he learned his lessons well because when he was a young boy, they told him first you get down on your knees That's what they told him Neil, I have I have to do some analic patients. Yes, there is a car you have with just one simple little fart That's all that's on there if you could get that out I think we've got a problem with it if we get it out. Yeah if you okay now Can you slow it down? No, no, well, I'm not sure if that's what you'll fart or not I think that's mechanically reproduced. Yeah. I think I think either that or somebody's now I don't think it's a real one. Well, how about if we drafted from a plane? I think we got how about if we farted out of a plane at 15,000 feet and Wait to see the gas hit the water Yeah, we keep talking other hour or two about this. Oh, yeah, how about those? double and how about these wait a minute Those are my clinical that's a mechanical there's nothing all right. How about these wait a minute Obviously, that mechanically reproduced that some airbag That's an airbag. That's not a real part. Yeah, yeah Yeah, I think you've got a good topic for the fact we're gonna do four hours on farting on Monday You stalk radio 620 WSUN St. Petersburg, Tampa Clearwater finally entertaining AM radio not the same old talk It's the Neo-odger show you can talk to Neil live by calling toll free 1-800-944-9463 That's 1-800-944-9463 The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of the staff management or advertisers of new talk Radio 620 WSUN It's always gonna be top of the link If I fart it in heaven would I stand the shame if I fart it in heaven The run she's now Send me straight to hell Oh can anybody smell up in heaven Does cascass act the same Sports work does it linger in heaven? Would you be ashamed? What my pants so oh my finger heaven? I don't know these things When the flat lady sings y'all Cause I'll be the warmest I don't know what I mean Cause I know I'll be warm Is to heaven Aren't you slightly aggravated by people who are extraordinarily good looking to the pro where they're like You know what I mean? Where they're like have that riggly smile with the white teeth and just they're almost like perfect And you just know that they think that their shot don't stink and that they never fart they never sneeze They never run they never do anything like on a you know filthy And it's not because what did they do? What did they do to deserve that? They just got lucky jeans man or lucky charms one or the other Hey, and also something that would be a great a great business for us to go into. Lucky jeans You can look perfect too. You can have that perfect riggly smile just be born with lucky jeans or wear them So anyway, Rick Rally's an idiot. It's a well, I'm just starting to think more and more about this about this coming Cause Bob Green was just in here in Orton,arily ordinarily he would immediately say sure no problem. We'll work it out And I said what are we going to tap on? He like pretended he didn't hear me well, you know he kind of aimed at hard Which is not that usual Bob Green nothing, you know what I'm saying? He aimed at any hard Now Jeff Mr. Ponytail is already volunteered to like sponsor our little trip to Tampa Oh, we can tap a brought to you by pizza loft How do you like that? Huh, and Donna tell us maybe we could have Jeff and and We don't put their noses put their heads together and work this thing out, huh? We'll work it out We have a month to get this thing done. We're going. Okay. I'm putting my foot down. I'll put my ass down. We're going We're not going to do our show on this important radio stage. Not a some kind of a broom closet With some kind of a makeshift operation when we can go over there and we really have a good time And play a little grab ass and have some good meals and enjoy ourselves and take a little break because we deserve a break today Is that what we say? Here's a lady in Boka. Hi, I'm going to have you know. How you doing? Great. Happy egg. Which came first? Yeah. Which came first? Pass over or the egg? I don't know. It's a few things. First thing is you're here about the toddler falling out of the window into Troy. No. No. Nothing happened really serious because they get a few injuries but not really well. What was on the first floor? Second floor. Second floor. Let's know fun. Yeah, that's true. I wonder if Rick and Sutter are going to have a tape at that of the kid hitting the ground? Is it live or memorizing? Yeah. And the other thing is that it's just going to go sploosh like like that. Thank you, sir. Here's floor as back again to take care of me. Thank you so much and nobody's going to get anywhere near that. Thank you. See that. They take good care of us. We don't monkey around. You just try that again. You idiots in this building. You keep taking and taking and taking and taking. We'll still have our own stuff in here. So there. That's right. Right. We told them. Okay. The other? Oh wait a minute. Look at this. Here's a fact. And I guess who's brought it to me. Boy Gary takes this off the fact machine. Top secret. Gary Bruce paid $5,000 to fly in Stevens at Nutnic and their parents and put them up in a five star hotel for the week Randy was got into destroy her numbers. Shea me can't spend $1,000 on Neil Rogers. Oh, it's not nice. That sounds like a crock a shot to me. Yeah. Well, that's because I'm making like $20 million a year and they can't afford it. Yeah. Well, your work. Well, you keep spots for one. The other thing is the dentist Larry's song that you play a lot. Yeah. Did you see the TV special he had on Showtime? No. The very first thing when he comes out, he sings the song is great. You mean, you mean that one? Yeah. That's one of my favorites. Well, I might just be playing that in the second sentence to the machine now. And since it's so it fits so perfectly today for like steep Paris and Goi Gary. And also for the camping to Kila animals that are a bunch of douche bags. Okay. Thanks. Have a great weekend. Bye bye. I got a headache from this place again. Second day in a row. You know what? I got a headache from here. We have an open line in Broward. The audience has been right on top of it today. They're doing it. They are doing it. All those little brady kids are right at school. They're doing it too. Probably with each other. Probably not. It's after noon on the IOD network. Be sure to join Rick and Sons today. 2-6 on News Talk Radio 6-20. WSUN. Well, you know what? We go stand for. We ain't coming out. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think that I get Michael Bolton there. Yeah. It's me. I'm starting to sing in man. No, no, no. I'm not. I'm not. And if they don't use him as a shield. Be sure to join Rick and Sons today. 2-6 on News Talk Radio 6-20. WSUN. News Talk Radio 6-20. WSUN. It's the Neil Roger show. Well, 14. I was going to play right now. I think that's the first time I've seen him. Because I think VIX Dope is going to be calling any second. Let's see what the Steve Paris did for us for highly of today. You know what Steve Paris did for us today? That's what he did for us today. Gave me this headache. Nothing. Zippity Duda. Once again. Oh, no sweat. I'll be here every day. And of course, I love the way he talks to his teeth. I'll be just beat up by Bernie gets in the subway or something. Like he knocked a couple of his teeth out. Oh, man. Steve, I hope I really hope you're not at the track yet. Because post time isn't for 45 minutes yet. But I hope you are somewhere like in your car listening right now. I mean, this is in the series. Anything I've ever said in my entire life. You are a sales hole. Okay? You are the definitive sales hole. You are a slip shot. You just, I mean, here's a guy that goes back there and he writes sliders. Most people think sliders are the stuff you get at Wayne Arnolds or at Crystal or White Castle. Sliders are also orders that sales people write that nobody ordered. They just make them up. In fact, a guy at Winds used to do that all the time was now in Fort Myers because he got Candid winds in every place else. One of the reasons that he got Candid was used to write sliders all the time. At the beginning of the month when they did their projections for sales, he would just sit down right on home about to orders up. Never talked to anybody to see if they wanted to buy this spot. He would just write out orders. Man, this guy was sound like crazy. And look at that. See, I was just stalling around until we had the voice of reason on the phone. Hello, it's me, the voice of reason. Here it is. The voice of the season. You are changing the odds. What do you mean by that? Well, people are starting to not set on your text at in-row. Good. Good choice. It takes a lot of power. Let me say this to you when I don't have a racing form. And Bob Savage is calling me a bug in the hell out of me and destroying my show by the way at the same time with a seven-minute, uh, hereng. And he's reading me the selections at the bottom of the program. And that's not a way to handicraft. I have an inexcusable. What I see about today, I'm going to smack him. Good. Step on him. Anyway, do I need a bit of a big fat kid from Neil? So what did I have? A third in the second race and a nowhere in the first race? No, you had a second in the first race. Yeah. And then in the, yeah. That's what I meant. Second and third. Nice. Today, today, I've got it, Neil, man. Good. Slow 50 with early fires in the first race. That is good. Any more? Very good. 6 to 1 in the morning line, but we'll get bet down. Yeah, first time starter. And in the right. And in the second, well, it's such a crappy feel. I figure our first time we're going to race by Seattle. Slow, I hope John Krugay is out there to see this cold win. And I hope John is out riding and he is in the second race. Number one, Sarah on Lake with the Wicked Burdo. Wicked Burdo is a crazy wild monster. He's great. And Sarah on Lake is 10th ride. 10 to 1 in the morning line, but taking a big drop down. And I think you can handle this mediocre bunch. And when it goes on away. He might take a big drop. So, in fact, I saw you at 294 speed ratings of Calderon 6 and I for long. And he's back. He can do it. This was a horse that was at one point in his life. Considered to be a derby contender. He didn't really pan out. But he's a pretty darn nice horse brand. Nice Italian called Metaway. This time I think you've got it all, John. Okay. So it's going to be number 10, slow 50. And number one, Sarah and Lake in Camilla South will have many smiles after this day. They double on. James Addolers. Yeah. And I'll see you this weekend. Good. Thanks, big. Hey, I'm on the tornado. Okay. Bye bye. Let me go to the Montaileo. While I was short and sweet, he doesn't go on and on and on and on like that damn savage. Here's the St. Petersburg. Hey, he's all. He is. Hey, I went down trouble lighting play last night in the man. It's a bad choice. I had a impressive effort by the red wings. Yeah, that's right. I'm in his god. He is the man who's unstoppable. And he can play hockey too. Hey, that's not you. There's a kind of guy you should hate. Nobody should look that good and also have that much ability. Okay. Because he had nothing to do with either one. You know what I'm saying? That's all in your jeans. That just what you were just talking about. Right. We can sell that. He's just got lucky jeans. Hey, who's going to win that division? Chicago. Yeah, Chicago. They got two games in hand on Detroit. And the Leafs are kind of like molding and folding a little bit here at the end. I mean, you can't win every day. They're welding a little bit. So it'll be Chicago first and Detroit second. And I will take the red to another round with that. Chicago plays the lightning twice too. Like I said, a trite twice. And you know who the Leafs last game of the regular season is on April 15th. Who's that? At Chicago. Oh, is it really? So we got our work cut out for us. That'll be a lot of fun. Hey, I would personally pay for you guys to come over here. Yeah, wood. Oh, well. Well, you won't put it together. I mean, if you know, if I'm first, I'm going to try to embarrass this cheap outfit, this multi-billion dollar outfit and to come up. And again, they could first range for a couple of no talented assholes from Mousandia go, they were willing to fly them in here and pay all their expenses and put them up at a big expensive hotel for a whole week and their mother and father and all in the Gotsemer's barra. But for us, we can't afford this. It's a, you know, a few thousand dollars. So if they can't, if they can't scrape it together, if the sisters can't find the interest on the bottom of their CD, then we'll put it together ourselves. Well, we're all put together myself because I know that I'll get no help from a certain afternoon guy. Why doesn't this she went and pay to bring you guys over? Ah, like I said, they did that the first time. They're no fools. Okay. Hey, can you, uh, shameless request? Can you play, um, Uncle Max? Sure. I appreciate it. See you. I'm a terrific day. You too. Bye-bye. He don't mean having terrific day. Just wants to hear his damn thing. Exactly. Just another guy looking for a thing. I saw a line of jingles. They travel on the road. And I have a lot of instruments. Just like Sally. What a load. Every day, a new routine. Another song in bed. Early in the morning. I mail Neil a bit again. What when I get that writer's block? The words refuse to flow. I take a trip to Hallendale. Well, life is really slow. I drive into the publics. And I find some parking room. And they enter and the crutches turn in a horror. Hahahaha! Shake hands with your Uncle Max. My boy. And his just a shell. And you remember his develop. That's a big old-a-girl. And you remember the tachement. Gerald and Jerome. We've all come here to beat you. And to wish you welcome home. Neil. Marrowless, bearless. Handleman, shellman, spurring, girvers. Diner stone. Moscow's Luba, which aunts and parents and private. And in five minutes, while as well as time. On Levin, on Levin, we'll rescue Luba. We can live on. Robert or Schlumberger make some big kisses down with the ice. I would've lied. Now here's your Uncle Sout my boy with all the family poop. And here's your cousin Randy, where they're got damn chickens soup. Whenever you're on the road, my boy. Come back and see us soon. All the hair. When you come back. To wish you, come, come. Okay, another steep Paris production continues just going right in the toilet. Vix back again. The most amazing thing that's ever happened to me at the right track to tap it. What is that? The trainer of Sarah and Lake Dan Hertack. I ran into him in a press box. And I said, I think you horse has a great shot today. He said, yeah, so do I. I think you're in. And I said, you know something? Neil picked him in the daily double. You know what he said? Scratch him. He's gone. Scratch. Gone out. So y'all, you don't have a horse in the second day. He was scratched as of one. As a five minutes ago. Why? I don't know. Maybe he's shy. I don't know. But he, I just got it from the steward. He's scratched. Well, that's great. I'm glad that he wasn't an earlier scratch because I was beginning to think the reason this happened is because again, as part of the ongoing screw up here, I get today's racing form, which is nice. But I keep getting the scratchy for the previous day. No, he's on the program. I had a little steam to be Vic. I listening to me Vic. Yeah. The program and the scratchy that I got today were for Thursday. No. Yes. I didn't make it my key here to pick players Neil. Yeah. So anyway, now I've got to pick another one in the damn second race. Yeah. No, geez. Um. I'll tell you what. I don't know you won't. I won't make the pick. I don't want you to help me. I wasn't going to make the pick for you. Okay. Okay. What do you want to tell me? Public phone will be in front turning for home. At this point in your daily level career that I think is a major. Public phone is a cheap claimer. You're not sucking me into no public phone. I don't care who claimed in my don't. I'm not playing no public phone. He's got crappy speed ratings. And I'm not getting in a no public phone. Okay. The winsie winsie winsie wins. I don't like you. I don't even like to play to Arge with my friend Katie Swenney. He's another cheap claimer. I'm going with the wait a minute. Magic fountain. With Michael Redwood. With the famous no writer. No, it's Michael Redwood. Who the hell is that? Don't ask me. I only work here. Well, that's who I'm picking. You got him. So it's 10 and 4 now. Right? If I got the right numbers, it leads. And 4. I brought Rick Crawford. 10 and 4. And they can't possibly scratch this portion time. 10 and 4. Goodbye. See you. Open line on the star line. It's star IOD is another great WIOD production continues. Falling just like that phone through the year into the old crapper. Did I say 1225 on the IOD network? This is Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN. Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN. It's the Neil Roger Show. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free. 1,800 944 9463. Hey! Folks, I'd like to see a song about the American tree. About me. About you. About the way our American hearts beat laid down. About them for our justice. About that special feeling we get in the cockles' bones. Into the golden past. Maybe in the subcockware, yeah. Hi. And the liver. Maybe in the kidneys. Maybe even in the colon. We don't hear. The obvious to regular joke with a regular job. I'm your average white. It's a perfect ice-slower. Like football and corner. What's about you? I got an average house. Where the nice hardwood floor. My wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my savings. And a cute, sweet, sweet girl. But sometimes it's just getting up to keep a man like me. Oh no, no way. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. It's someone else's existence. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive really low. In the old's for bad things. Well people behind me are going to be in the same. And I'm gonna do you, you, you, you, you. Come on and do you, you, you, you. I use public toilets. And I... I'm the seat. I want to round in the summer times. And I'm about to sleep. I'm gonna go to you, you, you, you. I'm gonna go to you, you, you. I'm gonna go to you, you, you, you. I'm gonna go to you, you, you. Sometimes I'm in the handicapped space. Well handicapped people. Make handicapped mistakes. I'm gonna go to you, you, you, you. I'm gonna go to you, you. But I'm not going to you, you. Maybe I should be singing this song. Resting and racing and caring. Maybe they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. Hey, I'm gonna study, you, you, you, you, you. Come on and do you, you, you. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get myself a 1967 panel at Gilderado, you, you. I think with a whale in the hop-chats, and all of their cow interior and things round baby, steel, I'd grab it and slide down. And I'm gonna climb around in that baby, get at 150 miles per hour, getting one mile per gallon. I'm just fucking out for the pound of cheeseburgers, McDonald's, the old fast, not buying a great-a-able styrofoam containers. And when I'm done second-of-a-three-spobbered, I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag. And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right out to the side. And then I'm gonna cut down, sing anybody can do it by the end of life. Because we got to bomb that's why, two words, nuclear and weapons. Okay, Russia, Germany, from India, they can have all the democracy. They want to sing in a big democracy, take one right to the middle of the end of its square. And it won't make a little difference if it's because we ain't got to bomb them. So yeah, John Wayne's that's it. He's frozen, and as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna throw out the juice. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? I'm doing the take in a cold shower, we'll multiply that by 15 million times. That's how pissed off the juice gonna be. I'm gonna get the juice in the John, get the ladies, and the marvinies in the second body. And it tastes a little bit different, try it out of the next thing. You know who really are not cold, but you just shut up to sing the song, man. Come on, Ed. Go, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you. Come on, Ed. Go, Ed. Go. Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. Ed. I'm an asshole, and I'm proud of this. Now what my pants? Comforty one. Let's do a lot of new lakes. Hello. Hello. Oh, this is an eddy guy. Let's go to a sunrise. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neo. Yeah. I was in, uh, I got a stuff here that I wanted to drop off to the hurricane relief. And I can't see to find any place, any place, you know, anywhere. There's no, no operation is going on right now. Channel six. Call him up. What's that number, George? 930, WCI and 30, WCIX. They got an ongoing thing. They're 930, WCIX. Okay, but they would be in, right here in Broward, right? Anywhere. I'll tell you where to go. Okay, and then we're going to take this stuff too. Now things, my daughters don't believe about the queen tape that you got there. They want to hear it. About the one? The queen, you know, kneel your might queen. Let me, they don't believe it. I always tell them that every time I see them, you know, you know, I talked to them. Well, how old are they about two or three? No, they're 14 and 15. Oh, 15, 14. A lot of they know about queens. No, because I always tell them, it says, you're my queen. Oh, Neo. My queen. There you go. Go home. Yeah, and I want to tell Chuck, get what Matt, because he's a douchebag. Anything else? All right, thanks for the. Okay, so yeah. Wow, I want to make sure we got all this stuff done. Open line in date, 751 and 2nd Broward now. This is our first law of the whole goddamn day, man. Couldn't be that we had two conversations with the extophera, could it? Oh, God. That highly a minute that we do every day. That turns into like 3, 4, 5 minutes. That is sure, turned out to be like a audience, Bonanza. You can hear the dials clicking from coast to coast, but we're just waking up in the long. One of these days, you know, we'll look up and pick something like our nose. Here's a Gainesville, no less. Hello. What is this, Neo? And the back to you. Um, Neo, I got a good story. I got a tell you. Okay. Oh, from Miami, I was all my way up here last night. Where do you my fiancee? Yeah. Um, what are you doing up there? Nothing. Um, Well, that's probably one of the best places to do nothing is gaggle. Unless you go to school there. Exactly. And I don't know, like, University of Florida, but that's just how to pull. Screw them then. Explore the gators. That's what this guy says. No, no. Um, I was, um, put it this way. I was on I 75, right? Yeah. Going north, whatever. And this car, like, is flying up. I'm going about 75. This car is doing about 95. Coming up behind me. Yeah. And stops about two, is, riding my tail about two inches behind me. And I'm like, who is this handful? Then he starts breaking his legs. He's like, he's flying to his legs. So I go for it. I'm going to see if I'm going to hit my enemy too. So then I rolled out my window and I get him to finger. And, um, he wants me to turn and I, he wants me to get over. I can't get over because there's like, truck's next me, whatever. Finally get over. I can't imagine who that might have been driving. Well, I am that him right now. Exactly. Um, I pull over. He's starting to pass me. So he on he looks at me while I'm looking at him and I have given the finger again. And, uh, then he gets pass me. And I notice he is a French Canadian. I see the gymnasts who's through the back. Oh, I'm on the back. We, we. And I said, oh my god, I can't believe it. Yeah, why not? Exactly. So then whatever, about 10 minutes later, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's, there's everywhere. And I see a cop car, you know, flight flash and pull over, driving by and a little gymnast who the end. So my day was made. They got a beautiful. Exactly. There is justice. I'm going to church right now. Nice talking to you Neil. Thanks. Congratulations on a great story. They finally nailed one of those frogs. They, you dim up, not just smelly sweaty fat French men. Go back where you came from. Oh, I'm sorry. We don't want to make Pat Curry happy. That's, what was she writing about about those ethnic stereotypes? That little shot she took at us again yesterday. Pat, I want to tell you something. You are a stereotype. And not necessarily ethnic. Whatever the stereotype is for asshole pat. That's you. I guess we got to play this one more time. Okay, for that guy's daughters. Oh, Neil, my queen. Go. What? Just came down. Even queens hit the ground every now and then. Did I say there's an open line on the green line at 1-800-944-9463 at 1236 on the IOD network? We ate the mornings from 6 to 10. It's Bob Lasseter on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN. So three weeks ago this was kind of a week show because it was on so early in the morning. And now we got decent listeners. And the real, well, why, why did you listen to this? Why do you think the show hasn't proved in three weeks? Well, I think you kind of got your teeth back in. And you're not taking crap from anybody anymore. I mean, here these rip off pickle makers commend to my studio. These people who sell these grossly overpriced pickles commend to my studio. Studio and our goings critique me and my show. What now, how do you know about radio? Me? I got it. Oh, he's got our radio. Oh, for each me! That's right. Yeah, I reckon. Like a dream come true. Or a nightmare. Bob Lasseter is back. You can tune in weekday morning 6 to 10 on News Talk Radio 620, WSUN. You talk radio 620, WSUN. It's the Neil Roger show. You can talk to Neil live by calling toll free, 1-800-944-9463. You know, I don't have the answer. I used to know it and I don't know it. There is a formula but I don't know what it is. I brought my life my only white my dirty dog with fleas, my kids are f**king I'm a drunk in this time. Sure you'll see. Yeah, you don't know what it's like to live in misery. Welcome to Pulse. We held this satisfaction guarantee. Yes, a beautiful day in the neighborhood. And if I could, I surely would invite you in and say, What you mean? What you mean? My neighbor. That is a great radio. Okay, 22 to 1 at Wild. Happy Easter, happy egg hunt, happy holafa, happy face off, happy whatever. You know what we haven't played it all today? Oh, cheese. See, the audience is supposed to remind me of these things and it shows more than half over already. It's Friday, you bastard. Here's a mobile and tamaract. Who's the leader of this fraud that's driving you and me? SKY W-H-C-H-6-N-W-I-O-D. The making mouseclubs. Yeah, that's us. You know, I was thinking they'd make at least one major cast a day. One? Boy, you must have lost track a long time ago. Major though, Major Gav. Big one, yeah. Well, there's nothing like having one big one every day. You inspired me, pal. You inspired me, pal. Big one, pal. Big one, pal. Big one, pal. Big one, pal. Big one, pal. Who's the leader of the club that's made for you and me? Ah, and my deek, he wants to lend for you and me. That's us. Yeah, that's the music you should be pulling in the background when they're doing their report. It might just happen. It's in the machine, you never know. And did you hear her this morning after one of her traffic reports by your Plating Music, she wants Neil Godd. Oh, yeah, heard that. Yeah. That was one of the great, oh, see now I put the other card away. Wait a minute. Geez. Who's got to kill him time? Yeah. As I said, that is great radio. It really was. So now that I listened to the morning show, I've was a little Red listening to the Lamont and Seth Lowes. The last team, yeah. Yeah. And you're not going to believe what Lamont said. He said, get cereal. I'm just right. Somebody are we already had a spy report on that. Oh, and did you hear about Goldberg? No. The other day someone was calling about Hayley at defending Hayley as Take now and Hank won't be with him. He's a very realistic and he ended the call by going. You asshole. I don't come any better than Hank Goldberg. They don't have no material in Neil. Yeah. Well, I got to do this for you. When you have to talk to the same crap 24 hours a day, seven days a week, except for three hours a day of the Yenachia run, you kind of run thin after a while.