Live from the WSU and studios in St. Petersburg. It's the Neil Roger show on news talk radio 620 WSUN. Okay, 1117 at Wild and Randy the Goddess is here briefly. She's on a way to the airport to pick up Jim. Oh God. Oh come on. Come on. We have nothing. We have nothing. I'll tell you one thing. Take Jim and put him in a control room before the afternoon is out. And then they won't be concerned about me at all. Yeah. Just a joke Randy. Just a little joke. So anyway, I love Jim. You're still loved you. Is he flying in on a planner just to? Flying in on a plane on a plane on a plane ticket. That's part of my birthday present. Yes. And. And we're going rollerblading. And I asked one little thinking question. I said, how do I get to base shorts so I can go rollerblading on that big, unbroken sidewalk that they have. And Valdita sticks a tent in here and it goes. Marilyn is right now to map for you right now. We'll have directions for you in 40. Okay, now can I show you something out of computers? Pick your head about the thing here. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, pick your head under the thing and pick your nose. And there's like, do you don't see any broad names on their day? No. No. It's that way consistently. It doesn't do everything. But it wouldn't make any difference. We don't use that as an excuse. It doesn't make any difference because they don't want to talk to us. Don't you understand? No. They're not interested in us. They hate us like they can take an innocent. They listen. They like soak it up. But they don't want to squeeze it back. It's true. And lots of their just to change the subject. It's a nice man. But very insecure now. You have to put your head up. Yeah. Very insecure. Say you're all that nice. Who's writing on there? Check back with us. Is Kurt writing check back with us on a thing there? Check back with us. Yeah. Check back with us and what? Yeah. Check back with us, baby. Okay. Let's do see. And you told me something that got me like all freaked out in here. I thought he's got a good sense of humor in everything. I'll be in the next one. Oh, we're not. Yeah. Parinoid in there. Yes. I always. When if you really want to meet, you know, Belle Vita's going to make me like let him have me. That is correct. You're the son of a friend. What time is it now? He said we're here to serve. Really? Yeah. So what? What will play tennis or what? Yeah. Well, you want to bat around the sunball? Who balls? If that's what you want, that's what you'll do. It's just a radio show. And like I always say, when I don't care what you think, she thinks you're rugby by the way Kurt. But I don't care. People who look good should have to pay a price of taking a lot of crap about it. I don't see where he looks so good, Neil. We have such different tastes to somebody. Well, he's cute. He's like, one of those little ivory boys. If he can case everybody out there's wondering, like, what kind of taste name is that? I mean, ivory boy. As an ivory soap, I think, don't drop it. Yeah. Well, that's what he's nervous about. Easy. Yeah. But he's just one of these fresh face. Same in my hand. Same in your old chronic name. He's the first to always. Not 17 years old. He's not 17 years old. He's not 17 years old. He's maybe what? 21, 20 years old. I would say like 21. Right. He's the youngster. And he's got that first. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I'm loving. I told you, see, you don't know what the hell's going on. Wait till you guys meet Jim, man. Wait until you guys meet Jim. Trust me what I did. Trust me. Tim is stunning. And brilliant and wonderful. And I love him. Now, what does that think he just gave me on seven? What is that? What was that? He just gave me a thing, like, uh, I don't know what that meant. Seven o'clock tonight. Now, I'm going to be busy, Kurt. He just put like a thing on there. Okay, what are we doing George? I think they're just totally losing him here. Hey, George. Hi, Randy. Hi. You're 27. Get out of here. Yeah, get out of here. You're 27 my ass man. You're 27. No, no way You really are now. Do you think he looks better? Well, he's 27. He looks terrific. Exactly. See what I'm saying. Oh, you're always well preserved I only came to work for her. I'm public to kiss your ass in public to worship you. Thank you so much I think that he and Susie make a real cute couple Susie looks exactly like boy Garer's wife Exactly, Susie hold out. You can marry a program director. You don't need to be a dealin' with a borroth I was curred. I come in here and beat the crap out of you. I was just slap the taste out of your mouth right now for saying I don't remember boy Garer's wife. I tried to forget every thing I'm married him. I'll never know she's beautiful. She's smart. She's nice. She's got a great sense of humor How smart can she be she married him? Because you know he makes all the money that I don't You really think he makes a lot of money. Yes, I do isn't he moving into your neighborhood, huh? He allegedly is building a house on my street. Lucky you which is another reason why I must I'm lost move over here immediately. Yes, he let's not go. Please kneel. What's not go? What do I go back there? Who the house going back? Right. Jim has flying over here with the last of your earthly possessions and my dogs are coming over irresistence and that's it. What the more do we need? Nothing we got everything we need here. I'm serious this place is unbelievable. It's amazing. I'm so relaxed And so unpsychotic and so happy and excited at the same time. Do you know what I mean? It's like that relaxed But excited feeling that you have just don't want to relax but excited feeling I can't really do that right now So you're gonna go pick up Jim now Great. We'll have a safe trip and enjoy your role of bleeding this crap can now What are you gonna do? What am I gonna do? I think I might just actually go back and take like a little nap Yeah, that'd be nice in the in my palatial suite in that beautiful hotel. Oh, I got the bathroom by the way And that nice they put out the bathroom pour you and they put out the little chocolate days on your thing and they come in and massage your back Yeah, I know everywhere we've gone here. They have treated us like and then how about the fruit? Oh, this morning Yeah, I got that fruit the basket of fruit. They in the hotel. They haven't only knew the goddess was in town and they sent up a beautiful basket of fruit And they said here try out our basket And Look at speaking of that look who just walked in I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't think you're one look at that So have a safe trip Randy and get out of here already, right away? Okay, it's 123 on the iod network I'm back. This is Bob Lassiter. I'll be here from six to 10 a.m. starting February first on news talk radio 620 WSUN Kino Sorry. Nine boys, go, I What the bad if babies are to die Lend their jobs I'll only be too weak and maybe young Who wait me a hundred pounds I'm just bowing around with this beetle On tender perfect hanging down They don't want to be cheap They don't want to be cheap Oh, they don't want to be cheap They don't want to be cheap I don't have a bone spacer They cheap They don't want to be cheap This has been an experience I could do the closing comments Starting now for like the next 32 minutes Do like a closing monologue Is about last year or what they're doing I'm not going to do that Opening my wallet I did Sorry But seriously this has been an experience Maybe the audience thinks I'm gulping The little ear something But they can ask any of us who have been here Including Rick and Pud and Randy It's just been amazing or Bob Because Bob the first thing you said when he came in here Today was this is almost embarrassing They're treating us so well I mean they are taking care of our every need They are like wiping us from head to toe And spraying us with cologne and the putting Lylocks and the beautiful pedal flowers on our pillows at night And just they're massaging everything including our egos That amazing here is Naples hello Yes, Neil Yes sir Okay, I heard you calling no callers from four pires We made it we had a WWCN mystery voice from Naples before to a clock Thank God you saved Tony Allen's ass again You saved him from oblivion Speaking of like a little Joe and Stan's fire report Yes sir a couple of real leagues Swipe in some of your material Not again They were swiping the dolphin so long last Friday And the three team paint your ballads spot They were swiping that stuff Yes sir The whole thing See Tony Allen likes to give us this song and a dance about Well no they're just doing it on the promos And they're just promoting your show and all the stuff And the meantime I'm sure they're stealing our material When you've had your material stolen as many times as I have Not to include present company in this room It's just you get used to what I guess Okay, so you're enjoying the west coast We are enjoying it The weather is great The pelicans are beautiful and friendly And everybody in this building is like dynamite I've never had an experience like this And three plus years in this business I've never had an experience this pleasant Okay a little bit laid back in the lazy That's probably another reason why you're not getting any calls from this area Yeah a little laid back lazy in the geriatric right Anyone who wants to hang on to the phone for 45 minutes or an hour I guess they got other things to do Right they have a life Relax Well listen you have a great weekend and thanks for saving Tony's bud Okay Have a good one Bye bye Don't forget the prestigious Clearwater Mall Do you know where that is? You don't know where it is I would hope so US19 and Route 60 Tomorrow 230 to 430 Bob Lassad is going to be there Won't you be shocked when you see all the weight that Bob has lost Man he is a shadow of his former selves And he's going to be there They'll be the guy without the fat on his eyelids And the ranny's going to be there The goddess with her beautiful new pictures There's wonderful Olivia Newton John look like pictures That look nothing like her but she only wishes And I bet you she brings Jim along Oh god he's going to like be the one floating through the promenade there And you haven't met Jim yet Of course not Bob Way to the meat, Randy's fiance Jim Who are like flaps his arms like a hummingbird and heat And occasionally takes off the ground And then we got Rick and Suds of course will be there and I'll be there So we got our Hamil Sound stuff And then Tuesday night don't forget for the South Florida people That pizza law 530 day 30 Here is a Miami on a starline Hello Hello Neil Yes sir Pretty damn good, Bill How's camp on? Almost too good to be true Have you been to Pappasas yet? And we've been to wine? Pappasas What does that say? Real famous Greek restaurant up here No Oh I hear it's really good I better myself But they keep telling me to go there whatever I'm up there Food here is outside I thought that Tampa was basically like Brandon I thought it was basically just a series of fast food chains And steak and shake and crystals You know I thought that's basically what the cereal was But before they got some food that did not your thing off It's a really good Greek restaurant here It's the spring's around here Okay I'm sure one of your colleagues will tell you Anyway that's not what I'm calling So as you said Greek, we're all about We're saying just ran out of the other room Go ahead Flip that in Listen, last time they had the hockey I set money in Yeah For the tickets? Yes sir? I got re-funded I got money for three seats And I was wondering if you knew anything about the season Take a chance You mean for the Miami team? Yeah I'm not following you got money for three seats Yeah, I want to get season tickets Yeah, I tried the last time around and they set the money back There was a number but needless to say I don't have it here So you'll have to wait till Monday I guess We'll get that all figured out Okay, now that I got my new recindle hockey enthusiasm after last night I'm going to promote the hell out of it man Oh, I'm they took me to Buffalo I was a kid and I was there for the one time They got to the Stanley Cup with the French connection But that was it They don't do anything They shot anymore So anyway, can I call somebody a douchebag? Yes sir They ain't boxed by them at creative directors You are the douchebag Okay, have a great weekend Okay, I'll straighten the hockey crap out on Monday So anyway, I got all my stuff I got my meatful leaves Factbook here, a big thick stuff That's got all these pictures and autographs And stats and all these statistics upon I mean, to give an idea of how thick and how complete this thing is It's got every penalty shot That the maple leaves have ever taken and taken against them Everyone And the all-time gold tending roster There's Johnny Brower and there's Turk Brota And there's Ed Chadwick and Doug Favell and Bruce Campbell Bruce, let's take the gamble and see's our manyago Oh God, see's our And Mike Palmeteer and Bernie Perot And Felix Potpan who played a great game last night Not a good game, a great game And Jake the snake, jocked a plant and all the other good stuff Every statistic, it's autograph by Foster Hewitt And it says Bill Hewitt is still alive And we'll give you his address in the shoe size Here is St. Peter's Burr, hello Hey, Neil Yes sir Hey, how you doing? Tramenous man Great, great, great Hey, tail reigning to put it in park Can you believe that? That's a true story Yeah She had that baby in reverse and the car too I think we're going to be in the car I'll just want to confirm You're going to be on the show tomorrow We're going to be on that show The cast function The one? The Kathy Phnomch What the hell is that? For Channel 13 No, you're not going to do that? No I thought you were out of it We told him the stuff that thing, are you kidding me? I'm just going to say Which maybe is why they didn't bother to show up today Because we don't want to do one of those stupid Pupic service kind of shows I'm not interested in that crap It's like a biggest waste of time It's terrible I was wondering because today they were doing something A monster truck and I'm like, Neil's going to do this? No, no way Okay, well, never mind about that We got a few more important things To do it in our like, meet our pubicot They're clear water mall Yeah, really, I want to try and get there too I'm really interested So tell Kathy to put a sack over, okay? Okay, let's see it in our pal Okay, have a great day 134 on a prestigious IOD network Live from the WSUN studios In St. Petersburg, it's the Neil Roger show On Newstalk Radio 620 WSUN 138, so Georgia have a very important question for him George, yes Do you remember a real idiot An mora that worked at WSUN Do his name was Mike Grayson Yes And you remember the stunt that he pulled that time He came into the control room And he pulled his pants down He dropped his drawers For the entire world to say, grey fruit of the loaves And Mike Grayson told us at the time that he learned that trick From one of his friends in the Tampa St. Peteria About dropping your drawers Remember that? I remember Yeah So we're all still sitting over here waiting I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing I don't know what you're doing Eight times a day, eight times a day, It's just a low ball average, eight times a day. It's just been a through payment bail. Ooh, I need your love, John. The twilight is waiting for you. I hope you need my love, John. My house payment is you. Oh, hold me, touch me. You and me, it's about me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day, eight times a day, To teach my husband how to, eight times a day. It's good to see you, Danny Quail. Love me every day, John. You're always on my tail. Make me a dream of a day, John. Cause you and I'll be in jail. Oh, hold me, touch me. You and me, it's about me. I need my share of love, John. Eight times a day, eight times a day, eight times a day. So the saddest part of this whole thing is that it's going to soon come for some of us to a bitter end, if I can say that. I mean, like it's over? We're just getting the drift of it, man. We're just getting the lay of the land. We're just getting the feel of it. One, forty, two, a W.I.O.D. here's a lady and Saint Pete. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. Yes, man. Glad to have you guys here. This has been the most, the warmest, the kindest, the gentlest, the frightening, amazing. You know, I'd like to think, I'll be, but they'll be the productive. I was ready to move. I think maybe there was something wrong with this. No, not at all. I think Tom Belvita resurrected the entire Bay Area. Well, you know, he's, he's treating you guys good. Single-handedly. I'm glad to hear this. Which is what he excels in yes. But is he going to pay Randy? Yeah, he's going to pay Randy. Okay. In fact, I think at the Mall tomorrow, he ought to whip out a gigantic check in. The lay it right on him. Right, it's right on everybody. I agree. Right. Seven hours is the best of Neil. As much as I love you. Just too much. A little bit much, Amen. Amen. But I'd like to say the Bob was my first talk show. I've never listened to. I've never had an oven ever to call him, but he was my first. Right, but you will call him now, though. I don't know. You've got to call him. He's going to be so insecure and so psychotic. You must call him. You know, they call him that dog for a reason, though. And what is that? Well, he's just real tough on him. No, he's a pussycat. Believe me. If you can. If I love him, I'm so glad he's coming back. If you come out to the Mall and say, and lay your eyes on him tomorrow, you'll understand what I just absolute wimpy pussycat this guy has believed me. Good. Okay. I'll give this shot. It'll take all your fear and paranoia away. I hope so. Okay. Have a great weekend. Thanks, you too. Bye-bye. Let's do a North Miami. Hello. Hello, Leo. Hello. Hello. Hello. You're Bobby. What is it? You're Bobby. Bobby? You're Bobby? Yeah. He's Bobby over here. Hey, Leo. Yeah. I'm calling you about the day of the night speaking at Godfather. You see, uh, horrible special on the story. No, I forgot all about that same thing. I forgot all about it. That was the research for the Godfather. I can tell you this about at least 100, a minimum of 100 hits out on him now. Yeah. On Haral though. Good. Well, I got a really outstanding restaurant where we're taking him here in Tampa by the way when he comes by. Yeah. Yeah. He's running up in their face with the mic. Would you like an interview with us? Great. All right. Now, let's talk with him. Nice to see him get that best with a fish in it this weekend. You can go. Yeah. Okay. Listen. Have a great life, pal. See you. The final segment here, man. It's some getting very emotional. I'm getting choked up. I'm choking it over here. Let's do Boca. Hello. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Cheese woulda been started, man. Right at the beginning. Oh, geez. What a kick-out game last night, man. Yeah. How about those leaves, huh? I was the killer man. I was looking for you in the stands watching them on the sunshine network. Yeah. They were just two. What you should have seen on the way to him. Wait a minute. You should have seen us because if they were showing the penalty box, we were sitting right to us behind it. Man, there was more action than that penalty box. It was like a grand central station at them. They were looking at it out and playing grab ass and what they were. They were. And I'm going to tell you something that Dave Ellard is God and Glenn Anderson looks like a hundred year old man who needs a bad shave and Rob Pearson is God. And who else played a great game? You'll play the game? What's the name of the goalie for the leaves? A Felix Poppin. Oh, he's God. It was tremendous. And my crucial list he played a great game and got like about 75 more things in his nose. Let me tell you something, man. The people in my amy better stop thinking about the dolphin to look forward to the great sport of hockey. Right. Exactly. The dolphin season is over. Now let's start worrying about the marlins and our exciting new hockey team. And I'll start putting all the pieces together. Man instead of crying over spilled milk. It's over. We had our glory. We had our moment in the sunshine and now let's move on to good stuff. Another thing. Yeah. He's doing so tight. I got my ball out. My arm but a fly out. Oh, man. Oh, what happened then? I feel like I'm going to fix his eyes. Yeah. The Canadians. Exactly. Anything. He's going to deport all of our Canadians by the way. He is. Yeah. God. He's not messing around, man. Listen. How was the flight any of Skyfort? No. No. Skyfort. Very, very un-eventful, very quick and painless. I get to the airport and Velvita and Todd. The general manager are there waiting for me. They whisked me away and they were limousine and ever since then it's been just any eternal high, man. It's like, don't be this real name. Is that cheesy? He is a cheesy guy. He could see the front seat of his car. You know what we're talking about. And closing? Yes. I'm message for Randy even though I love her. Yes. We're going to be my queen. Teach me the fuck up. Oh. Oh. See you. Later bro. Okay. Here's Rick. Here's Rick Rolly who just came in and is going to say something. For the food. Wait to see that bean soup, man. All right. Huh? You are going to be doing the green apple quick step. Those salads, by the way, no number three. Number three. No the right one. When you do something right. So anyway, the deal is now we're not leaving. That's what we just decided. You know, you salad like you've taken about three volume. Do I? Just calm down. It's great. Oh, I love it. I haven't felt this good. And you know something? The whole thing about the health, not just the food, but about the stress. Yeah. We could each add 20 years to our lives by staying here for like about the next six months. That's the damn true. Your blood sugar. Oh, look at that. Well, be just take a little brownie camera's man. I think brownie is the operative term. What happened? If you've already got a whole of it. You know something one thing I love Randy. Don't get me wrong. But I have discovered that that woman has the or crappiest taste. I heard. I was kind of listening to that. Yeah. Seriously. That's just with Kurt because Kurt's said to over for her. He's 27. I turned out she thought it was 17. But if you ever wondered why she wound up with Jim, which we don't want to go into a lot of adjectives. Put your arms down, Jim. And your feet down on a ground. But I sight is a bed of a total lot of. Is that what it means? Absolutely. Oh yeah. Yeah. Rick should know that because he's had two wives who both had like the worst. They're like a blinder son. Exactly. They think Stevie Wonder sees well. Is that what it is? So they got just kind of like a muzzle up against you. So oh well, that's not too bad. Those are great. I had, can I admit I had two of those? Any pastos? What's salad? It's good for you. They are. It is good for it. It's tremendous from the Columbia restaurant. No doubt which I'm sure said is going to be all psyched about. Sure. Well you were, when do you work with him in Sarasota? He did afternoons. Yeah. World famous. On KPX? On, yeah KPX? On the KX Y? What do I say? KPOM? Sorry, Piper. Apologize. No, there was that thing in the paper about KPX. There was that thing in the paper about KPX. There was on my mind. About KX Y. And who worked at Y&D beside me in Johnny Dark? Nanny and so on. Oh and you guys worked at Y&D? Well I got a raise. They offered me I was making 90. Did you pack some on it then? Yes. And he paid you? No. He never paid anybody. He made you a good deal. And then you never get paid. He was offered his an offer. Yeah. That's a certainly commitment. Yeah. So how about that hockey game, huh? It was Rick's first hockey game ever. He did not think it was a great game because it wasn't close. He didn't let us tell what was going on. But for somebody like you, when you've been happy. I believe that for 35 years and you just keep. And I, you know, every time he scored except the one time I didn't see the goal because Joe was asking me a lot of stupid questions. And I jumped up and screamed at him. And nobody got, you know, nobody gave me dirty looks. I mean, the fans were great and it was a very enjoyable place. And even though it's you know, only temporary. I, well, all this crap that we hear is just that it's crap. These people are not what they're talking about. All the fighting was done on the ice. The people there were nice looking people. Well behaved people just there for the front of being at a game. So, you know, just because somebody tells you something, it's better to check it out in person. For example, Susia was talking to the hallway and she said the Kurt is Lousy and Bed. And I figured just because somebody says something is not ever taken. Never taken it. You know, you have to check these things out. First hand. Can I say that? That's why we all have our own feeling. Yeah. Yeah. As a field is. Now, this has been an experience that has been a top notch man. And again, I don't want to sound like a criminal down to like I want to take a lot of the credit for it. Or that I deserve any special treatments or favors, Tom. Favoris. But you would have got it anyway. It's just not. No, no, no. No, no way, not like this. And they're wildest dreams. It's been great. I whoever I have to thank, I'll thank them all because it's just been wonderful. It's like a big idea. There are no, see the audience in my, well, every work is the people even here aren't experiencing it. But this has been they were even the queen never gets treatment like this. That's why she carries the till-a-little bank. Can you count? Take your word for that. Well, am I right? Yeah. Nobody gets treatment like this. I mean, you're every women. I come in this morning and they're all like, is there anything unique? Can we get some sodas? Can we like shine your shoes? Can we like a blow smoke up your bot and I said, we're used to that. But the ballet guy offered to give me a massage. I didn't. I didn't. Like 130 more said, which like a massage? I kind of backed up a little bit. He said, well, there's so many on staff who would do that if you'd like that. You backed up a little bit. It has been a long drive, would you like one? One fifty on the I would be network. That's Susie. I hear squealing out there in the hallway just carrying on like a banshee. Boy, she insecure, huh? You better not go too far away, honey. I'll be back. Anyway, let's not. Now we're going to do lutes again. You know it's going to be the same geek as in that George? Maybe. Maybe. Hello. Okay. You're one? There's more than one person. Not on a phone. The talks tell you. Yeah. I went to the game last night. Yes. Right. And then we put out a hump in the upper chin. Yes, they do. I was thinking of that myself. I was thinking of that even though they got beat on the score, I thought they played a very, very tough game, a very physical game. I mean, they were like beaten the crap-bodied beliefs and ought to be each other. And I don't know. And you didn't hear any booing. I mean, naturally you disappointed the lose because they've been on a bad streak now for several weeks. But even so, I thought they gave a hell of an effort last night. Well, you know, for the money value is really a pretty good value. Would you take you in your own life to go, you know? Yeah. It's pretty good value. And I'm pretty happy with you watching. Good. I didn't see too many people who were like, I mean, they weren't happy with a score. And I can understand that because of the least, with a lot of six won I wouldn't have been too happy. But still, I mean, there were a lot of there was a lot of action and a lot of fights. There was some wicked checking and it was a hell of a game. We're expecting to have to, you know, have to lose a few years of a week. Yeah. In fact, anybody that's disenchanted should watch the next San Jose or Ottawa Senators game. And then kiss the ground to be real happy. They got the lightning believe me. You know what I'm telling? You got, I think I'm used to that. You're just really scared. I mean, what do you think you can catch a AIDS from a toilet? Did you see here about that? No, absolutely untrue. Yeah, you can't. No. If you sit down, board on the guy gets up. Have a great life, pal. That was Lutz, all right. Let's go to plantation, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. We're taking it. We're doing it. You're doing it. That was Lutz. Hey, that's a deal. Give you the news. I see the town said, you need to depart. She's got a new restaurant. Who does he? He? Yeah. No. Try to on that university. Just write the fresh, fresh, fresh, small. By the fresh, small? That one. Yeah. And what is it? I guess it's going to be like a sports bar. Oh, man, another sports bar? Yeah. Well, if it's what it is, is yet another sports bar, man. Well, it's got to be better than the Chinese restaurant that was there. Okay. Anyway, listen, I wanted to say another thing was, you ever noticed, what brought people up? The rise, the way he treats your show. Yeah, Randy was talking about that there. And that you were going to make a big deal. In fact, I should have mentioned that when she was in here before about how she's going to get all these women. Why didn't you forget about that? Women are not into what we do for some reason. And if they do, they pretend that they're not. They're like closet listeners. Let me try to do that. And it's like the perfect reason to keep listening. Right. Exactly. I don't know what the other thing was. We're the women with that. That's the thing. We've only got one. Great. I don't, you know, something I forgot that card. Sally? I mean, Duncan? Sandy? I didn't bring my card. I thought for sure I brought that card and I came up here and I left it in my behind. I'd love to be behind. Have a great weekend, pal. Thank you. See you. Let's do Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. I'm a college student, right? Yes. I was thinking one of my professors from Texas at the class, and it just so happened that he knows you. Yeah. And he said this little person's been between you two and I just wanted to talk to him. He said, what? Now you two have a little man's understanding. I want to know, like, your side is story. About what? His name is Michael Rosenpaul. Michael Rosenpaul? Yeah. Is a professor? You mean? You mean Rosie from the UM baseball group he days from WDU and the top slide this. That's Mike Rosenpaul? That's him. That's your, he's teaching you. What the hell is he going to teach you other than talk like this? WDU is time. It's what? Twenty-two. What do you mean there's a little misunderstanding because he's a geek and like a professional overgrown group he won't grow up? No, he just said he could not get lost. Right. Exactly. Because he's like an immature child and when we were doing the games on WDU and baseball years ago, he was like, we were interfering with his life because he was on WDU and acting like Mr. announcer, man. He's like an overgrown child, Rosie. So give him a big kiss for me, okay? I'll do it. Right on the butt. Give a great weekend, bye. See ya. Give it. His professor, Mr. Rosenthall. Oh god. What a thought. The thought of it just makes me quiver from my head to the bottom of my bowels. That's it, man. That is going to do a Georgia course. Has enjoyed this tremendously. Did it. What? Didn't it sound okay today? It sounded okay. It sounded better. Much. And you don't hate Dave's, whatever his name is, Sebastian. Steve Subriskey, what a day of, as you do hate him. He says he still hates you, Dave. He's standing in the room. And he said you're still number one in his book. That's what he said. So anyway, thanks to Tom Belvita and to Todd and to Peter and the Kurt for putting up a lot of crap by the way. And Susie and everybody here at this, we're going to come back like Monday anyway. So I know what's like going away. And to Tom Belvita, especially for the show, putting us around in his beautiful limousine and letting us sniff that head cheese. And we'll see you tomorrow at the Clearwater Mall, etc. We'll see you tomorrow. The Newstalk Radio 620, WSUM, St. Petersburg, Tampa, Clearwater, finally entertaining AM radio. Not the same old talk.