New York Builder! New York Builder! New York Builder! New York Builder! Inside the 305 Marriacode, toll-free, 1-800-944-WIOD, and Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by Dylink Star, IOD. Now, the Neal Wajershow on Newstalk Radio, 610-WIOD. New York Builder! This is the real Ralph Henning. When I drive around South Florida, I always listen to the Nick Reneri Show on WIOD. Well, Ralph has said, most of the Reneri's audience, but at least he's got an audience, which is something. That's what I said to Bob Green this morning when I came in. Everybody, the buzz of the place, of course, did you hear Reneri on 790-WM-RZ this morning with Henry Burrell? Unfortunately, Ed Burliner, get rid of him. Mike, you get rid of Burliner, man. Everybody hates him like poison. Although I'll be honest with you, his fastest two minutes sport report in the world wasn't too bad. Long she doesn't say anything else just gives the scores he's all right. So anyway, that's the buzz of the joint as you would expect. Bob Green says to me this morning, he's, wow, boy, do you hear that? I said, yes, sure did. I said that's the first time in three months. I've listened to the radio on a way to work instead of just listening to my tapes in the car. Well, they're all old. All old. Now I know why we fired him. I said, yeah, but at least they're out there this somebody. I mean, even dead people, I represent a QM. You know what I'm saying? Even if we got like 300,000 dead people, at least it represents something. Like a lot of dead people, as opposed to having nobody. But hey, they know what all here, man. And now after they admit they've screwed up the whole deal. What are they doing? They're doing more research. Yeah, I heard you called Gilbert use suck ass. I heard you call in there this morning. Let's see who else called Mikey. We had Harold Song, the old plant guy. We had Yolanda Paraparka. That was touching. I was there shaving. I was shaving. I had to ready one in the house, which I never do. And here was Yolanda on the phone and there's Henry and Mikey and I thought, God, this is all we needed was Phil Coston in there. And we'd have like a whole conglomeration of all the people about on a few of the people who have been screwed over in the last two or three years by this company. I mean, it was just a tear as came to my eyes. So anyway, the deal is now, of course, we have this thing in the morning, this abortion here that nobody wants to listen to and certainly nobody even defends because, and by the way, all you old farts that called up her near this morning. And oh boy, don't even mention that. Other one over there. It's disgusting what he's doing on it. You're all listening right now. You're not fooling me for a second. You could quote chapter and verse, every goddamn thing I say on a year. So don't call and suck around over there and pretend you're not listening now because I know you're listening good morning to you. Happy Wednesday, you old farts. Oh, I see on this you left we turned it off and that other one he's so disgusting. I love the one guy that called to say that he's so relieved he can listen to Mike Knight. It doesn't have to hear those disgusting filthy promos for the guy used to follow him over here. The ones we had a bleep, even if I said, hey, how you doing? I had to bleep that out because just to sound of my voice would get some of those people would get the crap in their, uh, cost me bag just regurgitating, just puke it around in there like a whirlwind, like a male strumming a bag. So anyway, René Riezon, 790 by the way on AM WMRZ, 610 the morning. And I was thinking this is like after World War II, remember we beat the crap out of the Germans in the japs and then all of a sudden we started building them up again and all of a sudden they're just, uh, they got their thumb down on us and we're like, uh, doing NAFTA and this and that we're trying everything in a world to get somebody to buy American products because the Germans and the Japanese, we have like handed it right back to them and, uh, in fact, how my broken stocks do on and my, uh, new German pen. But anyway, and that's what it reminds me of. I was talking about that yesterday. We got the snooze, cruise, tombstone sitting out there in front of our building after we put WNWS out of business off the air cup, put finished and all of a sudden like, hey, here's another chance, although Sandy ain't going to help much. And the reason I know I always liked René Riezon because I heard from the grapevine that he wasn't very nice yet. I'm not too nice things to say about Sandy this morning. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean that's sucking around like Henry is over there. You know, I like Henry, but one of the things talk about, I could go on a whole four-hour monologue today about this. I really could. It's just like here, you know, we have all this psychosis about jazz, McCay and about this because there are certain people without mentioning any other names like Valtreux again. It's the Vulture Roost at IOD once again. But just never seems to end. Certain people just waiting in the wings, just hovering over waiting for the death of the morning show, which I think is imminent regardless of anything. And just look at it, I'll see if they put Rick and Suds in the morning, that opens up the afternoon. Well, let's get jazz McCay out of here before they stick him on there. So now the new, then all of a sudden there's another great turnaround here. I mean, I don't know whether it's scream or eat a banana. I don't know whether this is a good guy, a bad guy. All I know is he represents a threat to certain other people. I don't want to mention Jim who again is in here manipulating and trying to, you know, I mean, get him out of the building, take away his car to whatever it is he gets in his building with and just ban him from the building. And Randy will be better off and so will everybody else. They know she gets very upset when I say that. I don't care what happens to be true. He's a professional, a medler. God. He's in here yesterday manipulating Adam like a puppet on a string. Really, it looks like Edgar Bergen and that must be why Adam was sitting on his knee. Can't be any other reason. Now he was pulling and pulling on the strings that is, you can't get on him like crazy on the strings. But anyway, we'll get in all of this because I'm sure a nice job, Mike, okay. Not too much of a show. We'll get some spots in here. I'm sure we'll get that thing going. First day, a lot of calls, a lot of response. Everybody, I listen like I said for the first time to radio AMFM or anything in a morning for months this morning. Not that it was all that entertaining or compelling, but hey, at least it was something besides, hey, here's the same crappy news over and over and over again and the same stuff he just took three minutes ago and here's another 80 second interview with somebody we don't want to hear in the first place. So anyway, big article by Tom Jicka, picture a ringie from about 20 years ago. One thing about Mike, he always looked at the same, you know? I bet you when he was 15, he still looked like pretty much the same. Had that same red jacket and then it was the blue one. And kind of like that gigantic ball spot like I got only more toward the front and had like a flask in his pocket. And he's just basically the same guy. I like ringie. And I always said that. I never said that I didn't like ringie. I was showin' that exciting. But I got news for it. It was like a comfort zone. And the demographics were old. Yes, we had a lot of old people, but they've mostly disappeared. Just like when I talked about him last few days, you notice most of the audience, of course, on a West Coast, look at the phone lines there because they don't know anything about him. Well, it's too bad. Okay, it's too bad. There's nothing I can do about that. If I had stuff to, if I had a lightning hockey tickets to give a way to you, then maybe we do something and we get some calls over there. This is something for us today. All right, so you'll have to excuse us. This is a man who was on the year here on this station in the mornings for 17 long, excruciating years and has just to got paid off for a year. As he said by very dumb people, it got paid for a year. And it says in Jakas column, over 200 grand. And I'm sure that's about right. I don't know what it was. Maybe 250, 240, whatever it was. It got us making a few bucks. And got paid for a year to sit around, play some golf, drink a little booze into a good time and watch light night TV. Now he's over there. Henry Burrell, Ed Berliner unfortunately, and at the Gantzermish Baja. So my green calls in this morning, suck it around, Gilbert calls in, suck it around, which I thought was unconscionable and better than then us. Harold Songdahl, I mentioned and the sober. And of course, what's the guy captain and the bouncer? And anybody else we know, I mean, it was just like, like old home week. And like I said, people in the morning in this market, other than those who are FM people looking for Ron and Ron because they can't find much of anything else that's entertaining and are tuning. They're like switching around, man. And I'm going to tell you if they don't do something pretty quick. But I'll also say as far as jazz, McCay, I'm not going to pay any attention to the audience. Because quite frankly, we saw in the last two days just exactly like a little clinic, a mini clinic of what I've always said about the audience. And that is they'll call in and agree for the most part with whatever you say. They want to suck around. They want to be validated and they want something for free as well if you might find something to give them. So that's basically on Monday. When I said, well, I thought it was pretty good. Then all this, oh, yeah, he's great. He's wonderful. Then yesterday when I said, I heard the gut, when Adam and Jim just happened to come in here with that cart to try to get me all stirred up and succeeded very well. By the way, I came in on Sunday morning at about 10 to noon. I guess right after that episode had happened. And then Drew called in sucking around trying to save his life. And now after yesterday and all this other stuff, we find out that Adam had a phone conversation with jazz McCay. And Adam says, oh, he's the nicest guy. He had ever wanted. He was a great guy. So Adam is either a real pussy like I said yesterday and just scared for his life and scared that all those bikers are going to come down here and beat the crap out of them. Or he just convinced these nice guy and maybe Jim isn't going to manipulate Adam as much as he did before and try to suck around for that afternoon slot. Or one of the above. So I don't know what the screamery to banana. I think the guy deserves a little bit more of a chance because he's only been on a couple of days. And let's find out if he kills somebody or not, I say, huh? Because I can think of plenty of good candidates. Bring those bikers down here. Okay, as I got a good list for you, pal. Okay. And some of those guys got a real small penis too, by the way, the ones that are on my list. I don't want to mention anybody in particular downstairs. But he's near the head of the list. He's right near the top, baby. And rising fast. Yeah. So also, I do want to mention Ryan knew when we come back. I got to talk about those calendars. I had an afternoon yesterday. I mean, we had a good show yesterday. Amazing. Everything went just fine. And everything was hunky dory as they say. I go home. I'm watching Guiding Light, which is getting very, very neurotic. And I'm wondering what happened with best lollif. She's turning into a turn coat. I wonder what that's all about. And I'm just minding my own business to phone rings and it's Cheryl. And it seems that we have a big contra Thompson about this thing with these t-shirts. And Kurt's all upset about it. And everybody else is all upset about it. Be screened. And they're just screaming and yelling. And then, of course, about these 25,000 calendars, which this is another gym thing. One comes in here. It's everybody so pissed off. Everybody so worked up. Stay out of the building, Jim. Okay? Everybody to live 20 years longer. If you just stay out of our face and keep your nose out of everybody's business. Camille's house thing. I mean, Randy's video is great. It's a masterpiece. I'll give you all a credit. But stay out of the rest of it. Mind your own business. Go find a life. Find a boyfriend somewhere. Find a hobby. Take a pocket pool or something constructive. 1023, a WIOD, and WSUN. What do you get to think about this? He didn't think. He was 27 at WIOD. So speaking of that, this thing with V screen yesterday, Mike sends over this really beautiful buffalo sucks, the sequel T-shirt. And on a back it says, and their fans, what does it say? Their fans blow? Yeah. Beautiful. With dolphin colors, aqua and orange, and the whole bit in white and black. And I don't want to go into the fact that there was a big song in advance. And a boy Kurt had an nervous breakdown about this. But he can stick it with a moundone shine. And we are going to be doing these because we'll raise a few extra grand or whatever it's going to be. And they cost only 10 bucks. And Mike is going to give three bucks from each T-shirt to come in a sauce just like he did last year. And if we would like to get some of these, especially. And by the way, I understand that brother Wies is doing it again. The WSUMF up in Rochester and brother Wies are buying another billboard. And we're already working on finding out where it's going to be. So we can do a real nice job. Well, we don't advocate that anybody would do it. But just in case any of the dolphins are pissed off by it, that they might just do a real good job of defacing it. Which would be illegal. I'm sure. So anyway, a B screen's number is 5902, 7505, 5902, 7905 and his facts numbers, 4701, 0462, 4701, 0462. We're also going to have some anti buffalo t-shirts from our good pyzons of capture glory. And I guess those are coming in later today. What is it? Why do you? What do you mean anti buffalo? Buffalo sucks. Why you also now a bill span? I'm going to take a look. Colorado buffalo. Get out of here with your Colorado already. Will you what kind of girl school are they playing this week? Give me a break. How's those Colorado Rockies doing? And you're supposed to say better than the Marlins. Add a girl. You're going to be starting again talking about the size. Yeah. Life now, cry later. So anyway, we got these 8 billion calendars. All right, comes to fight out that the original guests who was involved in the calendars. And our commotes house total by the way, a 53,171, center 1 is still 15,000 for 80 because we don't have an update from peaches which will have tomorrow the next day. But they're both doing very, very nicely. The commotes house hotline is 1,800, 852, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 6. Come on, Mikey. Give us a few plugs on it. Okay. 1,800, 852, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 6. Come on. It's called TIT for TAT. And what else? Some commotes house. Peaches of course has got all the good stuff. And so we got all these calendars. Now it turns out this was, and I will get full credit. They work with joan rules and peaches. They got our stuff and peaches are the t-shirts and peaches too, by the way. I don't know about that. See, the problem is this year is I've told you before there is just too much stuff. It's unwieldy. We got Chuck who's had to take the week off this week to run around and delivering those coffee mugs because that's the only way to get people to buy him. And he raised about 1200 bucks for us on Saturday, I guess. But we just have too many things. And one of the things is this W-I-O-D-R-T-Crafty calendar, which on each month on the calendar, is got a gothic picture with our pictures of the various goofballs here at the station, superimposed. Like the first one would be sitting on the throne, like the queen with my post with a cigar and whatever it else. And the ricken suds with the American gothic is the name of that picture with a farmer and his wife with a pitch fork and all that. And their posts are. And it's really a neat thing. I don't think we probably needed 25,000 of them, but it's really a neat thing. Now this, now I'm reading a psychotic. I almost had a stroke about this yesterday because it comes to find out that the sales department originally was involved in this and they were going to sell to a client. They were going to put their own ad on there or coupon or something. And they were going to put them in all their stores. But then of course for whatever reason then Bob Green tells me one thing this morning and I was told another thing yesterday the sales department dropped the ball, which wouldn't surprise me. So anyway, we got these billions of these things. They're only 299, which most calendars cost to nice counters about 10 bucks, right? Yeah, eight or 10 bucks. These are like 299 and of that, like two bucks goes to Camelos house and the other buck goes for the cost of printing. So to make a long story short boy Kurt spent $25,000 on these calendars, most of which are collecting dust. They're at peaches. They're at Camelos house. There are any of the places where we got our stuff including the tailgate party the Sunday before the giant scheme. We are going to bring tons of these out there. And I want to make sure of anything. I want to make sure that these are sold because otherwise, if we don't get rid of most of them, Camelos house is going to lose money on this deal and that really is what pissed me off yesterday. I mean, why should 25,000? We only printed up 750 Randy videos and a few thousand of everybody else's CD and stuff. But 25,000 of these counters. I told Bob Greenis morning I says, God, that's our whole queue for the morning show. No, it's not. No, it's not. Yes, it is. Well, it was last week, maybe lower now that Ranir is back. What, what are you laughing about? Don't you understand? We have no audience in the morning to have you noticed that in the last year, we have no audience. In the last year, I sit down here and it's like after following that show and a rehashed old bunch of crap of mine that's like from the dark ages that nobody would listen to. We're like starting from scratch. We're scratching it. We haven't got any audience in the morning here. Nothing. Nobody. Zippity, Duda. Nobody. That's why Chuck is out there. He's not condor to door all over town all over the state. Finding somebody, anybody. You'll listen to the morning, got to his own house and they said, no, they slammed the door in his face. You kidding me? There's coral gables. Hello. Yes, sir. What is it? He's the banana. How's the good? Why won't this thing cut this off immediately, okay? Why is this thing screwed up now to the phone don't work? Is that a new deal? It looked like you punched the button twice and locked it in. Oh. Because he did slip S H in there and I don't want to, I mean, you and Ward could spend a long time over on the beach. Yeah, he slipped that in there. Didn't he say that? I thought he did. It was real like mumbled and muffle. And by the way, Sandy Peyton is a bitch, Cheryl. That's what everybody said. Like I said, I always like Mike McRittery because he tells it like it is. And Sandy is a disgusting, jappy obnoxious, bigoted bitch. And he, yes, he is. And everybody in his building, sonny, heresh hates her like poison. And he calmed hates her like poison. Phil cost then hates her like poison. That is true. Everybody was here when Sandy Peyton was here. Said she was the most difficult bitch to work once he was just a kid. So obnoxious had a real crappy attitude and they hated like poison, which he would croak a wicked death. That's what they all say, including Mike Greenery. So he's not a phony like Henry Burrow. He's not going to go over there and start sucking around with somebody that he can't stand that he hates like poison. So at a boy, Mike, we love your pal. Now what was this last guy was that the first call I'd take and he slips the S Ward in there. Very nice. Thank you so much, sir. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, man? I'm going to paint a painting as a bitch. Huh? There you go. Listen, my cop the Mike show this morning. Yes? Did you catch that little promo that did made for him? Real serious. An answer comes on and says, you're listening to the Mike Greenery show brought to you in part by the fact that he or can did IOD a cock spot catching network. No, I did not hear that, but the voice I'm sure was Scott Chapin. That was, he used to be over here with that. He used to be over here at GTR. He used to be our production ace and he used to crank up the audio so loud and production that the whole building was rocking and rolling. You did. You used to have the walls just tumbling down here. That's true. Scott Chapin. I wanted to, I was trying to get the whole of you the whole week while you're in vacation. I didn't get to hear all of it because it was just ponders getting all the tapes. But there was this one part where you were talking to Ron Popio. I didn't get to hear it the first time. Yeah. The whole thing. But the second time was better. That was just a great bit. What do you mean the second time was better? Well, if you hadn't get to, the second time is better. The first time you was on, I didn't get it. I only got the last part of it. Yeah. He was talking about Merkel this morning. Also, in other words, if you didn't hear something the first time when the tape is on, it's better. Let me tell you something. Sir, it tapes below. Oh, tape. Broadcasts below. In this station, a major market station should be embarrassed. I hope we're nearly gets a 10-year in a morning. Okay. I hope our morning show goes down to about 0.1. And if not personal with Chuck, it's business. Chuck knows I like him even though he now hates me like poison. I don't care. This is a business. This isn't a playground. And the point of it is Bob Green can sit in there and rationalize all he wants. They didn't like Reniri Show. There was no emergency. He had a year to go on a contract. If you're going to get rid of somebody, at least have something in the wings to replace it, that's going to be better. That's going to do better. Not something that's going to die on a vine and bring everybody else down scratching and creak, screaming and just dying over here to try to get a phone called a biophon call because most of the audiences go on that isn't the way to do it. And these people are, they are the biggest rationalizers because they've never made them a stake. Including that little trophy Bob Neal, that little walking people up there in Atlanta wouldn't know already, oh, show if it bit him on the ass. He is the biggest twerp I have ever met in my life. And when they gave Bob Neal the keys to the kingdom in this company, that was the kissedeth for all of us. We'll be all one last time. In fact, within six months, I predict we'll all be over there on Reniri Show reminiscing about old times with Yolanda and Phil cost and we'll all be over there. About the t-shirts meal and Harold Songdoll. What is it? We said we'd get the t-shirts, buffaloes, fictitious. What did I say, where'd you get him? What can we get him here? I gave you the number. That's the only thing you can get him to be. You can't go like a peaches or two, I know. I said yes, and he picked a law for some. We didn't say there were some. I said, when we're there on the 16th we'll have him there. December 16th? That's two weeks from tomorrow. Cool, I'll catch you there then. OK, I'll go in. See ya. Two open lines a day, 7, 5, 1, 1, and 2 on the green line where they're, of course, totally out of the mixed today. And that's the way it goes. Too bad. We're busy talking about stuff that's going on here and you just sit back and be passive for once until we have stuff to go away to you later, which would be in just a few minutes. Yeah, actually, we're going to give some stuff away to those people today because they've been very, very well. They used to get in crap free from Bob and he's got him trained. And they can't get the hands because the hands you got to pick up over here. And then I got to drive, I mean, they may be free loaders, but they're not going to drive 250 miles each way to get a free ham. Maybe 1037 at Wildn, WSUN. Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news, information, trends, and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. Come on, you are your team. Birds of a feather flock together. That's why she also defensively sandy paint because they're both basically the same jappy annoying people. And she comes in here and she's like digging and digging. Oh, and I feel so bad and Chuck, how's he going to feel about what? What this is business. This is not personal, okay? Chuck's a great guy. It's a great talent. I've always said tremendous things about Chuck. That show blows. The whole concept blows were dying over here because we got the new regime here that came in here and decided they were smarter than everybody else. They were going to pick the whole station apart and they've succeeded very, very well. And we've got almost everybody in the building running around now like a bunch of little cultures. Oh, I want this slot. I want that slot. I got a slot for you. Charles got one for you. Just get your foot oiled up. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Neil. Yeah. I got to tell you, you guys got to drop these scumbags at S.U.N. Bob Laster is the biggest piece of crap I have ever heard. I got to come up here. I'm going to pull it now. Well, I got to tell you. I've had enough. We got all the stuff going on over here. We got to put up with the baggage from the West Coast. Now he says this crap because I mean he knows that you guys can't hear him down there. His whole shit. I got to come up. I'm from Fort Lauderdale. And I got to come up here every couple of weeks. And in order to listen to you, I got to listen to the swell that he puts out. Why is that? Well, he's well. You don't have to listen. I come on a 10 o'clock over there. Well, at 9 o'clock, I, you know, I started. Yeah, I had a radio accident. You don't have, you know, the amazing part of it is that you don't have to warm up the radio. That if you punch the button, there's this amazing thing that happened. And it comes on instantly on whichever channel you like. You don't have to like, like back in the old days when he had to turn the TV on, it went for the tubes to warm up for a couple of minutes. They don't work like that. Radio. It's like instant. Well, I guess, I don't know. I got to listen to him sometimes. It's like a guy that called jazz the other day on Sunday about Drew. It about how awfully wasn't how Drew went on for two and a half hours ripping jazz. And about, oh, yeah, he'd much rather listen to even WLRN, et cetera, et cetera. But the fact is he was listening to the two and a half hours of it because he was quoting chapter in verse as though somebody was holding him at gunpoint forcing him to listen. But anyway, what's the story with WLRN today? Well, I can see there's whole show, Neil, consists of racking on you and racking on Randy. Today he was saying that he was Chuck Meyer that he would shoot you dead in the no-jury in the country with convicted because all you do is rag him and tell Mike Renieri. And this, hey, if Mike Renieri's great, you say, I never said he was great. How many ever said he was great? What did you say that he's better than Chuck Show? Wait a minute. It's got nothing Chuck doesn't have a show. Chuck is here on the morning. They don't even call it to Chuck Meyer Show. They call it soft lotus morning news. It's an all news format and Chuck unfortunately is caught in the middle of that. It's got nothing to do with Chuck personally. Chuck is the best news person in this state and one of the best in the country as far as I'm concerned. But I'm not going to sit here and pretend that it's a great show because it blows and blasts it and last it again because he's got nothing else to talk about. He's either rip and Randy or rip and me. All he talks about is over here. That's all that's the only thing I ever hear him talking about is over here. Isn't there something going on over there? There is nothing. Because the South Florida audience isn't here in him over here. So what's the benefit of the audience over there hearing him talk about here? It doesn't make any sense. Well, he has those redneck nose pickers just eat now to this hand. They pop and just talk to line across. Can imagine what they're eating. Yeah. They just don't know what they got with you, Neil. Huh? Don't know what they've got with you. You're the greatest. They just don't know. They ask. What do they mean? They don't know. We're doing all right over there. Yeah. Then they call Bob and talk about how I don't care what they say. See, this is this yentithing. I get, I don't give a crap what they say. I'm not interested in Bob Lanceter. Okay. He's a sour fat fart. That's all he is. He's just a sour pus and a real cornball, local and he fits in over there. Perfect. He's great for over there. Well, then forget about him already. Find something else to listen to over there if there's anything. I just want to do this. Keep twisting it around. I've ordered a B yourself. Neil. Yeah, I can tell. See ya. Bye. Agitator. Ojon provacaturus. We have an open line in date, 7519463. And I'm going to say it again. Jim and Adam and a lot of other people are building better common to held down because they get me highly agitated. And especially that Jim, he is the biggest, the worst manipulator I've ever seen in my life. He wants to keep standing getting everybody whipped up and they spent all this money on the counters. They were about just giving a rest already. This chronic complainer, man, he makes me seem like the happy man, like the ice cream man. I mean, this guy is the ever happy about anything. Is there anything in the world I could ever please that this man, he would stop belly again in bitch and in yelling, no, I don't think so. I think you're right. But it sure is how beats working. 1046 a WIOD and WSUN. Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike. 1050 a WIOD, Joe Hartman here to kill you. I mean, how you doing, Joe? Good morning. Yes. Are we closed tonight? Are we closed? Close. Close to one. Close on our selection. Oh, no. We're not. Well, let me take a peek again. I know that whoever you picked I did not pick as usual, which makes me feel very secure is very. We know that. Let's see. You picked seven the red Lord Zina, the prestigious Mayor of Wobberlack Flipflow. Okay, I like the rail. You like the rail. I don't, uh, Mickey Peterson. I mean, he's a nice guy in a restore of freight train, but it's just not that horse every now and then goes up in the air. Like he did last week and Mickey occasionally gets lost in their unreal. And I just figured we got a major driver change, even though Brian Allen's had a very tough meeting here. He was monstered, Vernon this summer. And if he gets a live horse to drive, he might just be there. Because this horse. This is scary thing about Brian. I mean, Brian is 150, he's the year to last four years of turning. Yep. Just can't seem, you know, that's how deep this driving colony is. Just can't seem to get the drive. It's getting really deep. But I this horse won a gigantic mile from the nine whole last week, parked the whole mile. And I'm just, I'm not making a definite commitment, but I think I may just go with the one tonight. You're leaning that. I'm leaning toward it. Well, that's it. Just like Andre Briss. Just like Andre Briss. We have. Just like Andre Briss on his leaning out there toward the middle of the track with that horse the other night, but I don't want to talk about that. And not my horse. You did not have a good night, I understand. Oh my god, Terry Baker's going to win the race for fun there with Frenchman Bay and Andre Briss on what's he doing off the rail anyway? Makes a break comes out in the middle of the field. No, it's everybody down. And that's it. I got up and said, OK, let's go. Good weekend coming up. Got a big weekend coming up. Go ahead. Very good weekend. Major stakes closes out this weekend with two and three-year-old cult paces, outstanding trot again on a couple open trots on Friday night. Of course, during the month of January from the first through the 23rd Free General Parking and Free Admissions. And if you are correct tonight, sir, the track pack will go over 20,000. Beauty. Well, this horse is going to get a big chunk, I think if I stick with that way, he may not win it, but he'll get a good piece. Well, if you get any piece, you'll be pushing the track pack up and everybody will be very grateful. Outstanding. See you tonight. Good night. OK, let's go to the Swap Shop Lady. Hello. I think she's swapping it. Hello. Swap Shop Lady, she just heard it. Yes. Hello. How are you? I'm fine. How are you? Sounds like you're very occupied. Well, I'm busy because I have to stop to put out, but I have good news. Yes? I have no longer at the Swap Shop anymore. You can be. Well, that's tremendous news. You don't have to inhale that elephant crap anymore. I've done. Oh, thank God. The mixture of that dust and the, oh, man. It's a total end of my rope at that. I mean, thank God. I mean, elephant elephant dropping, eramized, sawdust. Neil, it is such a hole there. You don't even, I mean, I know you were there. But you don't have a clue. I mean, unless you work there on their him, you don't talk about a handman. The handman. He has some kind of a chicken shot operation. Well, I like Sheriff Nick. So I think that they probably have something in common. You know, birds of a feather, like Sheryl and Sandy Peyton. So I'm as successful because my parents had a place over here. Yeah. I'm out of bed home. This is like really a lot nicer. And I do a lot of other things. But anyways, I got to tell you something. My husband had her knee surgery last week. He had one. He had her knee surgery last week. Yeah. With your guy with that longer. What do you mean my guy? Your guy isn't the guy who did this. He does. He does also her knee surgery. Yeah. Well, he gets all over the place. He's got his hands and everything. And so everything. He did the labor. I know he did put on a, when he examined me, he did stick on that rubber glove. And also he's got his hands and fingers that are just about everything. Well, yeah. He did the labor scoffing, you know, the labor scoffing. And you make like the foreign decisions. What for her knee? Yeah. He had both sides. Well, they do that for both. Oh, man. And he survived it. Absolutely. Damn you're killed me. Did you hear the labor scoffing? Yeah. Oh, you did. Oh, my God. Piece of cake fat read said, yeah, was almost my last piece of cake. I got to tell you something. It was the frosting for me. Listen, listen. He didn't even take an aspirin. I'm not kidding you. And he went back to work after maybe eight years. I'm very happy for him. I'm tickled today. It's hard to believe. But anyway, I told him about you. I said, I'm coming to you because I heard Neil liked you, which is, it's a good sign. He says, he says, you know, when we started talking about he says, yeah, he says, well, I'll tell you something. He says, if he didn't like me, he'd say that too. And he left. You know, but who herald? Yeah. Oh, he's a nice guy. I didn't say I liked the operation. I said, he's a great guy. He really is. I really liked the, like, a lot. I mean, I could have like had him on the floor. And he's a super guy. And he makes you really feel like the BS he's peddling is true. Absolutely. Right. So I have to tell you this. And also, the mountain John, the new tape, the wax, the shirt. Yeah. No. Oh, he's loving. A mixture of so many gray things. The wax with Bonnie Ray, he does blues. He does, um, it's like there's some all different stuff. You got to hear it. It's really, really, really. You don't tell me what's going on. You're going to have to do that. There's some all different stuff. You got to hear it. It's really, really, really. You don't do anything with Michael Jackson on there, doesn't he? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, just a great one with Stevie Wonder and Gladys Knight. Uh-huh. It's excellent. You got to hear it. It's really, it's really, yeah. Yeah, Stevie Wonder. I really enjoyed the session because he didn't have to look at Ellen, which was probably more enjoyable. Oh, but I like to look at him. Yeah. Okay. I love his music. I just want to see him. Oh, really? Oh, I like my music. He's kind of cute. Yeah. I bet he was kind of cute. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Have a great day. Have a great day. You have a great day. See ya. See ya. Bye. And happy Chinooka, everybody. That's not for a week yet, but I can't believe it's here already. We have an open line that's on the blue line in Broward, five, two, four, yenta. And let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Why are you going to step on the news here? No, I'm not. I've got a lot of time. I heard a rumor that you were bitten for the heat. What? Is this enough? The publicity down here with Wayne behind the fish. The heat being sold. Ted Arson told me you were bitten. Yeah. Yeah. Hundred bucks. Hey, Bob Greasy called Mike. Did he? With a Wayne Antor. Elaine, it's a Teralsokaw. I know. Are you like, are you in cool here at or are you just like speaking in little, like, little, choppy parts of sentences? Bad, crummy phone. No, it's not, no, it's fine. There's nothing wrong with the phone. It's what's coming out of it that doesn't make too much sense. You're like, uh, speaking in little, uh, disconnected things. Oh, maybe I've been on a rainy long weekend. That might be it. Hey, it was fun, Neil. See ya. I wish I could say the same. There's another one of Mike's people. Told ya. Ha ha. Maybe Bob Greasy had a point, you know what? We have two opalines in both him, Brad. See, I'm not defending that, uh, Renery had a great show. I'm just saying if you're going to blow somebody off as Benon here, 17 years. And especially do it in a pretty vulgar and vile way. And I'd even let the guy say goodbye. Then you better damn well have something really dynamite to bring on afterward. And Cheryl's busy running around here. Oh, geez. I'm worried about our people. And I was chucking a feel. Well, what do you want me to do? What would you like me to do? Would you like us all just to go down the drain with a little bit of tidy bull man? Just to make everybody feel good, to make Andy Calfield, good our little Napoleonic morning dictator who's running around here, setting up all those incipital little interviews? It's just ain't flying, man. It ain't flying. And then, of course, if something should happen, and that shows you disappear. Oh, it's Neil's fault. I knew it's got nothing to do with it. Neil told him, stay keep reneary on, man. Don't make a big mistake and they did just the opposite. So the more I say, do something in the morning, they'll leave Chuck on for ten years because I'm saying they are busy doing research again. They're not going to listen to me. They're not going to listen to their own judgment because they don't have any. They're busy doing research. Which is how they got into this mess in the first place, which is what they already admit. They even admit that they made a big mistake and how did they do it because they did research. So how they're doing more research to see how bad they can screw it up again. That's our company. That's this incredible multi-billion dollar company. Why don't they just open up our research company? That's what they ought to do instead of paying all the maggots and all these other assholes. Why don't they just open up our research company and get out of broadcasting? Because if there are no fools in this business that keep spending big bucks on research, they could be like a multi-trillion dollar company in a couple of years. Here's Jensen Beach, hello. Hi, I was going to question about football down here. Yes. Now, just for an example. About the Jacksonville, the Gremlins or whatever they are? No, no, no, about the coverage. Yeah. Okay, first of all, I'm from up to New York and believe me. People up there eat buffalo too so you can feel good about that. I do feel very good about it. Yeah. Okay, that shot happens. Everybody's got shot intensive here today, man. They're all doing the S-word today, okay? Shot happens. That's the model on WIOD today. Shot happens a lot in upstate New York and there's a lot of shot right around Syracuse. You just have to dig through the snowpiles to find it. Just dig through the drift manual. Be neat, deep and shot, which is what I feel like I am right now. Now, I'm looking at this thing. I see this weekend on a schedule Jazz McKay Saturday from 10 to 2 and a 2 o'clock till 6. We got Chris Baker's back. I didn't hear that much of my thought he was okay. I thought he had like post abilities. And then next week, of course, Rick and Suds are on vacation and Jazz McKay gets to fill in for an entire week. And I think we give the guy a chance instead of like sitting here and getting all psychotic because Adam brought in some tape that Jim whipped him up to a frenzy. And they're high-fiving each other in a control room because I'm playing it on a year and getting all whipped up as they would like to program me. I think we'd be better off sitting in a given amount of a chance if he's got anything to talk about except Faggot's and Bull Dykes and the bikes and the Dykes and whatever else it is he was talking about. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio's 16 WIOD Miami Fortland at Bull Dykes. I think I'll go through and make another thing. You know, during the news, I'm sitting here and just the smoke is coming out of my ears because even though I don't really give a crap about what he says, but when you stop and think about the implications of what he just said, I mean if that's the case then Randy ought to go over there with a shotgun and blow the living crap out of him. Because he's done nothing practically since the day she came on the year or at least since we were over there, but absolutely trash and do everything it has power to decimate her along with that psychotic bitch Kara over there. And that's like their whole crusade because they basically have no show. So because I'm talking about not about a person or a person outing and certainly would never attack Chuck on a person level because he's a great guy and I love him. He's a super guy and a great talent. But I'm talking about a show that's failing and that's blowing and we're all going down with it, but that therefore Chuck should shoot me and no court. Bye bye bye. But how about Randy, not only are the attacks but on the show, but on a personal, the most disgusting, the lowest form of slime in the history of the human race. And this man is talking about anybody else. You are a real loser man. And one of they kicked his ass out of Chicago. Here's a lady in leisure city. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Hi. How are you? Happy Wednesday. Well, same to you. I'm first time caller. A-ha. Time listener. Right. And I really don't have any complaints today. Yeah. I mean, I could, but today's my birthday. Well, isn't that sweet? Don't complain on your birthday. Right. Unless you wake up with a migraine. Hey, run. Thank you. Uh-huh. Well, I was kind of just thinking about listening to jazz and the K when ever I did. Yeah. And that kind of reminded me that I would appreciate it if you could play assholes on parade. Really? Yeah. And also, what does that mean? I don't understand. What does that mean? Well, it said the world was full of assholes and he just won all of them. Oh, just won it along parade. Right. Well, I'll work on it, okay. And if I could have one of those hands, I'd appreciate that too. No chance. Okay. We have an open line in date. Can you believe that? Did I see we were giving away any hands now? So good. I hope I spoiled our birthday. That was the most disgusting obnoxious, seriously. I can all the years that I've been on the ear if I tried to narrow it down to one call. That might have been it. That may have been the worst call in the history of the human race right there. It's her birthday. She wants to take a shot at jazz, which is okay with me. As long as she's got good aim. And could I just have one of those hands? Well, you sure can't, because I'm not giving away right now, honey. I'll let you know, honey ham. That was absolutely unbelievable. See what I mean about the what we're developing here now? We're developing an audience that won't even call unless they figure they're going to get something for free. She had nothing to say other than to wish yourself a goddamn happy birthday to when Tice me to play that little, incipit thing. And now, can she have a ham? Yeah, I got some meat for you, honey. Not much. This is something that we got going here now where they think that they're going to keep buying the audience with freebies. Oh, by the way, I mentioned about the Batman comics we're giving away today. That's right. It's from Frank's comics and sports cards at 202678 Southwest 87th Avenue in South Dade. They're a Frank's comics and baseball cards where they buy, they sell, they trade. Oh, I wonder if you ever come back with my car keys, you maniac. Oh, by the way, if Reneerie and Roger, I'm sure they are listening and Henry. Spencer would like to come over there to MRC and do your cars, man. He misses old Mike Reneerie. Mrs. That 10 bucks every week. It's up to 11 now, by the way, Mike. But for you, he'll do it for 10, right? That's right. And so how are they going to get in touch with the Spencer? I'll say 26828. No, don't give your number on the air. Okay. They have your number? No, Mike got it. Reneerie's got it. Okay, Mike, he calls Spencer. Okay, he wants to come over and wash your thing and your ball spot. Okay. Get out of here. Shine up that ball spot, man. He's a star now. He's on a real station. Not. Okay. So anyway, Frank from Frank's comics and sports cards, where they have all kinds of good stuff, new comics, old comics, back issue, rock and roll item sports cards, and, etc. Send me over a bunch of these. George already stole when I did have a dozen. So if somebody misses out, oh, look at the phone lines all of a sudden there. All of they were pretty much full, but it's just amazing. You know, maybe you call me call us an obnoxious for not saying, oh, of course it's your birthday. Here's a hand. But then there was no other purpose for that call. She just called us to squeeze off some meat. That's all she called us squeeze and free meat. I like to squeeze some free meat, but that don't mean I'm going to be able to. I mean, that was just that just irritates the cramp bottom. You don't want to talk to me. You just want to see what you can squeeze out of me. I feel like I've been squeezed so hard. Man, I'm not even any moisture left in my body. Like an old like a sponge that 700 years old, that's a fossil. Anyway, these are really nice. These are the, and I don't know nothing about comics. I have no clue as to what they're all about or what they're worth or I just am not into it and George is starting to give me a big thing. But wow, it's the new Batman. He's got all these new fangled things in another. There's an old arrabid is in there and he's just got his thing hanging out. I don't know about it. Okay. I like the old Batman and Robin show on TV because I like Robin basically with those real those nice tights on. I loved Robin. Burt Ward was one of my favorites. I mean with those little tight green shorts on and there was always like something there. Well, it was one of the secret weapons. But that's the only reason I enjoyed that. Now it's kind of a good show. It was camp. It was fun. But I'm not into comic books.