Jay Z Coolne and the officer who did most of the blowing on the head was Powell. I'm track-champing. You start Radio 6-2WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from Day. Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll-free 1-800-944-WIOD and bell-cell mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. And now the Neal Roger show on Newstalk Radio 6-2WIOD. It's me again Bob, doosh when you're done. Ellen Bugs were the normal man with a nice home, a lovely family, and a cushy job with his father-in-law's company. Normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi honey, how was your day? Come on up in a historic Monday afternoon, we'll end up being button on the last one if I can't focus it in to the best of my ability. Ellen Bugs is suffering from Bob's last-order disease. Are you feeling alright Ellen? Absolutely insane. I think that nobody else needs to see. Or at least, Harris would admit that they see. Bob's last-order disease attacks the central nervous system, causing otherwise normal people to communicate like suicidal maniacs. How with you today, I don't want to talk to you. What's more, Bob Lasseter disease is the one form of depression which is actually contagious. God, just listening that voice, I want to jump off a building. You're the lowest of the low you're right. Nate, you're at gum bag. Please send whatever you can today to post office box 1-800-Devonport, Iowa. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means. I'm pitching and running and screaming and hollering. Please help. I think it's too late. It's 11-07-A-W-I-O-D on a nice laid back. We had a laid back Friday and now we're having a laid back Monday. Let's just all laid back. Okay, coma toast is the word we're looking for. As we search for an audience, man, desperately scouring the sky, scouring the Everglades. Anywhere out there, if there's a creature, if there's a creaton, anything that's breathing, we're again for it. Open line and date, two-and-browered. What on the starline? That looks like four. Let's do it with a grove. Hey Neil, how you doing? It's radius. Yeah, radius. What's happening, man? Okay. It's a Neil. Yeah. I went over to the piece of trough the other day. Yeah. Don't say trough. He can get very emotional about that. I'm sorry, the piece. He's very thin skin. Yeah. You know, it fits perfectly over there. Okay. What's wrong with? I thought that was a cute line. Take out at the trough. I thought that was one of our listeners came up with that last year. It was creative. It was innovative. It was cute. It was sure better than those crappy TV spots that Ponytail runs. But he's like very sensitive now. You wake up some time. Our professional weight staff will take care of you. Go ahead, I'm sorry. That's okay. Neil, they have some fun. You'll be guys there. They do. He used to have some cute guys working. I know. I remember one time. I was a bit of a fight. I went Saturday night. And they have some rope growth. Go to the test guys. Yeah. I may not go tomorrow night after. Hey, listen. Well, let me start doing the hiring up there. My boyfriend told me the reason why I know this bull, but he said he heard it from somewhere. That the reason why you when you went on vacation. Neil, then go to my answer. Then you'll win some jobs. Stop over at Chicago. Yeah, right. And I says your bull, your full of crap. He's full of crap. I know. I know he's full of crap. Neil, can you do me a favor? I'm listening. Can you do me a greeting from my recorder? Do a what? The greeting is for my message for you. Oh, Jay's. Please. Are you rolling it? Yeah, I'm rolling as you speak. Hi, radio isn't here now. But when she gets back, if you leave your name number in the jox size, maybe he'll call your back. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Neil. See you. You're the great. I am. See you. We have two open lines in day, 751, what in the Ablu line in Broward, 5249463, and let's do a pepper pine. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Yes, who's voiced that's not heard during the movie. This is a 50 burning was on ABC last night. Yeah. It is segment. Show Angel was doing the voice to the ball game. What's the over acting? And it's out of here for home run. Oh, Joe. I mean, just 20 years for over acting, baby. I can't say. I just can't stand it. These 20 motormatic calls. I mean, if you're into the game, if you're a fan of the team, what you should be when you broadcast the games, the excitement should come naturally and spontaneously. It shouldn't have to be one of these things where there's this melodramatic stage pause. And then this fake stage. It's like a fake orgasm, man. It's like listening to Joeen J. I can't stand it. I just hate his court of jokes. Somebody tagged somebody right in the growing last night. She's making all these different ones that were all. Guy see a triple and all kinds of things that they can't sense at all. But I like his other stuff. I don't. I like Dave O'Brien. Dave O'Brien is good. Something special that attendance. I was their Friday night for the game. You're going to tell me that was a barge. Right. You see you don't understand. And then I should link up until the season, the attendance that they announced was the number of people in the stands. But now the National League does the same as the American League and that is however many tickets are sold is the attendance. So there were 43,000 tickets sold, but there may have only been like 35,000 people in the ballpark. Oh, OK. I was going to. OK. A lot of no shows. You know what's also going on too? I think Martin's getting victim of this because it's down to touch cheap dental mission. And giving such good promotion items out. So a barge is what our thing goes through to turn stock a couple times to pick up the item. A thing that happens, especially on 10 nights. Yeah. And there is a go through it. They have the great seat already. And they go by another one. And they go, but they get a couple footer tickets going through and buying it and pick up some pins and then reselling them for 20. So what's wrong with that? That's called creativity. It's great, but I like that. The bar is a creative marketing. Especially the children's when a dollar 50, then your kids do it a couple times for a box. Then it's through their 20 or 30 times. And don't ever know that difference is all bunch of punk kids going in a dollar, remember? That's not true. The different turns styles. He knows 30s will have time for the picnic area. Like when Larry King used to go to the window at the track and get a fistful of tickets in the stiff the teller. Oh, I'll be right back. And then he'd go to another window on another floor and do the same thing all over the track. Really? Yeah, stiff the tellers. Wow. And never paid him back, by the way. But also the picnic area. That's why his hair is falling out in clumps. The picnic area is the last 30s the last time you're going to have that. Yeah. You're taking a whole thing down. Just going to have seats there. Why? Because of the football? Yeah, I must be too much to put up and down again. Yeah. So they're taking it. Yeah, I'm getting ready now. I'm getting in the mood. You know, I love my baseball, love the Marlins, but I'm getting ready. But the parents, they were there. They announced them at the Friday night game. They came out and cars and everything. Yeah, I read about that. It said that they had, they were lined up 25, 30 deep in that they were the players were just in awe of how many people are working with. Get their autographs and shake their thing. That was something. Yeah. Okay, Neil. Have a great day. Open line and day one in Broward is we're trying desperately to build a little goddamn momentum here on a faltering radio station that's like on its death now. You can hear it. Gasping. But of course, the fact that he had the guy with the eyes on yesterday, what does that tell you? Does that tell you everything you need? No, about what Gary Bruce is doing to us. I want to go on record. It's the ninth of August 1993 and 11, 12 and an a.m. Going on record is saying that Blake Gary is like, he and that demyaniok guy. I think they ought to send them both of the same place together. Send them both to play a game of classic concentration with Alex Drew Beck. A. It's 11.13 on the IOD network. Bye. Hey, oh god. Can't twenty-two on the IOD network. Who stalked radio's six-ten? W-I-O-D. We're here at Austin. Is it done or a lead? Or does it involve your behind? No, god. The government thinks that only Gays do this. Most states have lost. You could be jailed or they are fine. But send it now must pick which order they're. O'Satame. Be the football club who's right. Send it me. O'Satame. Don't go back side. Just go and ask it can a deep. If long as my day isn't as thin as you'll ever see it. People without healthcare fool-flacking livelihood. The way they act is really what is new. Look about a bee there. Baby, don't be dying. With caring God, bless you. You, god. Isn't that what they say at Mass? God. It's a 1030 at W-I-O-D. Let's do a-oh look at that. Speaking of kneeling, here's Ian. S-A-D-N-E. Clash of them. How you doing? Hell stars. Don't arch your back. Whatever you do. The band in Boston. That's number one. It's number one with 75 bullets. It's because I had the balls to play. That's why I got to part that personally offended boy the Bruce Gery. He thought that we were going to lose our license because somebody talked about the fall and archers or something. You were the king. You were so popular. I had a queen and a queen and the prince and the prince and the prince. That's your copper. Have you told you who stole last night, Kovon Island CJs, right? Yeah, doing what? That's another. It's cool to be a knight. Yeah. Keep beer. Get him a little tip. That's it. That's it. He's easy. He's easy. Well, one of us said like, you know, some other table over her it is. You guys begin to baseball because a lot of people in the audience have been wondering who's the pitcher and who's the catcher in your relationship. Go ahead. I kind of spoke. Oh, you know. Yeah, right. The point being that then this other table was sort of talking and it was like the whole night I do want to talk about you. Really? I mean, you are everyone's like, oh, he's the best. I'm on the tip of everyone's tongue. Make no mistake of my life. You are the kind of, oh, probably probably guy and town. Yeah, right. And also you were saying someone dresses the Pope. He has a person in the ballot. Valet. Hey, he has valet parking. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, even I like that. Hey, so to speak. Hey, that was good. I mean, can you believe we got like a whole section and you were saying that they to find out what's underneath the red. I mean, let's get cereal, man. He's an old, uh, wrinkled up old man. What the hell are they expecting? I don't know. I'd rather not even see it. Oh. Hey, how do you call it? By the way, paradise beaches on right now on channel. I should never say this because we're off to a pretty amazing start today. But boy. I'll show you something. Show down under. You watch that. And doing a lot of surfing with arch backs, by the way. Oh, God. Look at that. Oh, that's not it. I'm not. Yeah, I'm the show too. Hey, speak to that idiot red and stimpy. But do you have a watch, beaver, some butt head? No, I do not. I don't watch MTV. I'm the kind of funny though. I don't watch MTV. Okay. I'm an old, doddering man. I'm not interested in MTV unless they got some hot naked stuff on there. Well, I'm not into cartoons. I'm not into silly little geeky characters. Leave that for us. Neil, are we going to sign home for you now with Craven? I sure hope not. I hope not. I hope not. I'm almost forgot about that. I tried to put it on my own. I don't want to play for you. Yeah. You know? Well, you have a great day, Neil. Okay. And you're Calvin a bit kiss for America. I will. Thanks a lot. And don't hurt your back. Bye. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Isn't this the same one we saw yesterday or the same two geeks? Because yesterday on the show, they were like getting out of the shower these two together. And the one over there, the blonde who looks real like a sweetheart kept dropping the soap. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay. I live over here now. I used to live down. So Hollywood. I wonder if you could recommend a good Jewish bakery for some regular love. I can't find any good regular love here. Any good one? It's a Jewish pastry with a Jewish pastry. What do you mean Jewish pastry? I know. My goh is your friend. I know. You mean rugaloff? Yes. Say it. Ruggala. Ruggala. Ruggala. Ruggala. Ruggala. How about what's his name is a deli? What's his name? What's his deli there on Dale? Maybe we did the appearance at time. They've got great stuff. All the best rugaloff. Ruggala. Right on Dale. Maybe they're. Just say hi to our friends Mike Schwartz. Mike. Thank you. That's his name. It may be funny to you. That's his name. Michael Schwartz. Schwartz. See you. Oh man. So many gohiam on a west coast. We have an open line on the green line. No, seriously. I mean, just infested with gohiam over there. 1-800-944-9463. Here's a pop-on-oh. Hello. Pop-on-oh. They're sitting there and they're listening to their thing. That's impossible. Yeah. Wait a minute. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey. What's going on? Hi. Hey, don't want to. Almost lost. You almost lost you. Don't do that. Okay. No, this is. Of course you don't. This is a member. I'm a Swap Shop person. Yeah. Is in Swap What? Swap this. I'm not there today. I'm at the festival today. Thank God. I'm out of that hole. Okay. Good for you. Oh, after about a half hour. The whole thing is going to be a bit rough and sharp. Just gets to you between the side us and the gigantic mounds of elephant dropping. That place is just a poison. It's hurting. It's just the worst. Oh, wait. Let me just say hi to my dear because he got very impatient. He left. I told him to stay and say something to you. But he got like not so they left. Well, the hell with him. What's he got a full-rich busy life that he can't do? He's very busy. I think he's not so busy. Oh, great. So anyways, I was going to come out last night and see you. And at the people. Well, in okay turnout, it wasn't spectacular. It was alright. Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was hoping to have lined up all the way to Alapada, but it just didn't work out that way. Yeah, well, I was thinking about those tickers and then you had the snapper. Right. That's right. We had a two-for-one snapper. We had my dolphin tickets and great food. A good time was had by all. Yeah, I was talking about, you know what? We went out to them. Yeah. We went out to the marlinga. Yeah. They were fantastic. I am exhausted. Fifty minutes. And we do it again, man. It's just going to be like a habit now. Maybe a little Natala, whatever is Neonetal is a hell of a guy. And when they put him in there, we were everybody's going, oh my God, it's got about whenever we're going to win. He's not so bad. Yeah, he was good, you know, but he was better than Benito. Yeah. Yeah. But the game was good. It was sparkly. The weather was perfect. The pitching was absolutely just. Yeah, but haven't you been reading Benito's happy with this performance? He thinks he's gone. Yeah, he's been playing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. You know, ever since they traded me eggs, it's been like, you know. I mean, they've been playing great the last four out of a time. They've been, they disturbed the chemistry of the ball club. It just isn't going to be the same. It's one of those intangible. You can't put your finger on it. But it's like the flow. It's like a size of a lot of things. In fact, that's what Martin Ray told the Melrose play a slate. You can't quite put your finger on it. But there's something on this. They're fit in our test. He let us down again. Yeah. What we want it was a great game. We would be like one for seven last time. Something like that. Yeah, he really. And he could hit a lot of opportunities to like be here. You know, he just didn't come through. Yeah. But it also, I got to tell you that story you told yesterday morning, we sat rich with the ribbon. That's a true story. I was just about peeing in my pants. Two is the car was going forward there. And here's this big 700 pound Hulk trying to hopping and puffing, trying to keep up with the car and falling down and his glasses are flying. And he's like, man, a second away from a stroke. I was hysterical. I was people were looking. I was listening to that. And they were looking. And I was laughing out loud. And I was like, how many somebody would I had a camcorder man? If we had that on video, I could retire right now. We could make billions for that. It was a riot. It really was. I was trying to tell my husband a story, but I didn't do it just to this. I mean, he had to hear you. You know, he had to open it away. Hi, babe. I'm always listening. Okay. All right, listen. You take care. Have a great one. Hang in. Yeah. I'm going to try and get through this. Okay. All right. Take care. Bye. Open line and Broward 5249463. I gave Ron and Ron one final shot again. Today, I'm going to tell you why. I figured out what the thing is. The one guy is it Ron D.A. Who sounds like Howard. He's got a voice very much. He, he talk about trying to rip off Howard. He's got voice sounds very similar. And if he listen to his phrasing, he's obviously been listening to hundreds of hours of Howard's turn tapes. And so the sound is the same, but there's no material. That's the difference. No material. And they're like desperately trying to be like the blue humor. What else? If you put your unit on a fax machine and set out faxes of your unit and does that make you gay? And, but none of it is funny. I mean, call after call. I'll say this. They're getting calls like from actual living and reading people. There's no material. I mean, anywhere. And none. Zero zippity duda. But they're better than Don and Mike. Oh, God. Don and Mike who I do in this freak show I heard last night and they can't get any freaks. It's like they have all these different bits, but none of them ever happened. And they did their phone booth challenge and they like were ringing phones and I thought they were running Jacksonville, Florida. It's Jacksonville, North Carolina. And I'm embarrassed to be out in Fort Myers. Jacksonville, North Carolina, population seven. And they're like ringing these sa-pay phones over and over and this goes on and on and finally they get some guy who obviously drove over because they tell you where the phone booth is. And he drove over to hey, Don and Mike. All right, we did it. Yeah, he's doing it. A 1038 on the IOT network. If you're doing it, if you're losing your hair like in big clumps, if you got an embarrassing ballspot, Charles, I almost said Chuck again. God, give up Chuck. Charles Alphiaries come to South Florida to help you out. Come on, you are your baby. All right, this is Chey Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere's the new Rogers. Hi, I'm the lead to the playery in my Martian band. I can't afford to let diarrhea rain on my parade. That's why I wear the pack. Well, yes, when you're under a lot of pressure, forget foul tasting liquid to the tablets. You need diarrhea relief that shuts off your worries fast. You need the new diarrhea patch. It combines advanced medical technology with a big dab of crazy glue. Since I started wearing the diarrhea patch, I feel so confident. Nothing can stop me now. Oh, no. And look for the new extra adhesive batch in the blooding section of your drugstore. 1043 at WOD. I was looking for the cart. The world's new biggest answer. I can't find the cart because I definitely wanted to dedicate it to Sam Ida's or maybe Rick Alpern. I'm not sure which one really deserves it because after Rick Alpern, let me just give you a little background without being too specific because I obviously can't do it now. But just before I went out of a case, somebody called and was talking about how it's my responsibility if I endorsed products or I had to check them out. This guy was very unhappy and obviously got ripped off. And then we had some other calls. We didn't mention who it was on the year, but we checked it out. And there were some problems there. And obviously they're not going to be endorsing those people anymore. We're helping those people try to get their money back and getting involved in it. Because it's something called credibility which most of our sales people don't understand and especially Sam Ida's. So Sam Ida's had the ball. So I don't ever want to see, I don't want to see that man. I don't want him in here when I'm in this studio or in the building. Like in Godfather was in two or one. And two, when Michael says, I don't want to be there when Frado. I want a days notice when he's going to be there visiting our mother because I don't want to be in the house. Same thing. I don't want to be in a building when Sam Ida's is here. And he was in here pitching some day. I don't want to cancel what it was. And I said, forget it. These people are like, the worst. They're like a shand they're this grace. I won't do it. Rick Raleigh comes to me the other day. Says, what do you know about, you got that dice? I'll forget it. Don't touch him with a 10 foot pole. And Rick Alper and our sales, my tie thought to his credit had checked into this thing and finds out, yes, you're right Neil. It's the same shies through his from. And so fine. Sam Ida's comes in here this morning and says to me, well, what do you know about Yati Yati Isis forget it? And I've given chapter and verse what the problem is. These people should not be allowed to promote their pedal their crap. And then he says, well, you know, they're out running a schedule. Now, here's the sales manager after he knows that these are rip off artists. Here's the sales exec hole Sam Ida's. And they don't care. They still go ahead and put him on the air. That's the thing that I just I kids unconscionable. Are we that desperate for a few bucks? And I'm talking about just a few bucks it's going to be. Are we that desperate? And is that like super servicing our audience to do that? I think not. Sam Ida's and Rick Alpo. Shame on you. Shame on you. Great robbers. Here's the lady in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Hey Neil, I do. Great. I just want to call you. I'm from Atlanta. And down here on business for like six weeks and I've been listening to you so. You don't listen to WSB do you? I don't know. Is that a boring. It's not a boring. It's not a boring man. It's a boring man. It's a boring man. It's really really boring. You're right. There's so low key. I think they were broadcasting the entry. I know. And then the other station their competitors like me are not. Big time. All right. Wings. Yes. They're horrible. But I just want to call and tell you that I'm like. Can't I? I'm like. I can't believe that you're gay. And on the radio down here. Believe me. They got plenty of closet people up there. Absolutely. I mean, they got them everywhere, but they just had to get on the radio. You haven't helped John move into bucket and they said, hey, you got a lot of money. We don't care. Bring it in here. I mean, they got him come in. But I did a show on the competitive station to your cops. Well, what is that RNG? No. That's the RGST. RGST, right? Yeah. And they did a show where I got on there for three hours. That's not that. Love low on the porch is it? No. No. He's not even anywhere. He's not local anymore. Oh, I'm a sports back to be standing for boring on an SP. They're so Kim from DSC. Terminal. It's terrible. But they had me on for three hours. Just so they could ask me questions about being gay. That's how much do these people know. Yeah. They wouldn't even do these people are discloser. Like I said, they spent too much time up there. And the woods would net baby in entry. I think that was their problem. Up in North Georgia mountains. Yup. That's about it. They're doing it. Well, have a great time. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay. A lesbian from Atlanta. How do you like that? I'm a lesbian. We have an open line. It's on the blue line. 5249463 and Broward at 1048 on the IOD network.