Francisco Albuquer is the best radio show on here. What time is he on? I don't know. You talk radio's 610, WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524WIOD outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD and Bellsouth mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star IOD. Now the Neal Roger show on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD. In O'N, T-O-I, as you see K-H-O. Hold it right there buddy. Subriding check. Not your car stand on one foot with your finger on your nose, wiggle your ears and count backwards and Chinese while doing a part-simson impression and it better be good. Get your subriding check today. Stop that the check point that's blocking your way. Don't worry well that's too don't know. Don't do some little tricks. Please don't do the game and we'll know that you're fat. Hold it right there buddy. Subriding check. I want you to say your ABC. Miss Koozi officer immediately's got Chae Farlo on Pabita Liano. What kind of drunken maniacal gibberish is that? I'm afraid you'll have to be beaten in the sobriety. Get your subriding check today. Stop that the check point that's blocking your way. Don't worry well that's too don't know. Don't do some little tricks. Please don't do the game and we'll know that you're fat. Hold it right there. It's no bright at each act. Yeah man, listen I just killed five people in a hold up. Look here's my bag of money and my smoking shotgun. I'm telling myself being now a hold on for a turn. Calm down. Are you sober? Yeah. Well then for God's sake man move along. Can't you see I'm conducting a sobriety check? Don't worry well that's too don't know. Don't do some little tricks. Please don't do the game and we'll know that you're fat. Happy holidays man. Ten away to WIOD on a tremendous Monday right smack in the middle. And what the hell am I doing here? That's the question. We're just like in neutral. We're just coasting until next Monday at the very least. Especially in Tampa we're just coasting. I just spoke to Velvita and he's all excited. He's like rumble stills can and heat more so than usual. And they're getting everything all cranked up for Ron and Ron. And the morning over there Bob Green says to me this morning boy, you're sure going to have a great lead and over a tampon. And then with Ron and Ron and of course the natural response would have been. And well that's great Bob. But how about over here? How booted? But I didn't do that. I didn't have the heart to do that. Because evidently see that's the new hobby here. In fact I heard it all weekend long on this radio station. That's the new topic. That's basically the only topic conversation is what's going to be the new line up. Let's have everybody play program director and what's going to be the new line up. Son, S.U.N. on I.O.D. on whatever you like. Where do you want to stick your finger on a radio or wherever else you want to stick it? Bob, oh, by the way, was on tape this morning and all week long. So Bob is history in the morning on S.U.N. He has done his last morning show. M.O.U.R.N.I.N.G on W.S.U.N. And next week we'll be there and have to do and drive against the dangerous geriatric al-gardener. They must be losing it over there in FLA. They must be just thrown in the towel. I don't understand it. Jack Harris is 100 years old in the morning. And the fastest Nazi in the midday, which of course will still do a number. And Al-Gardener and he have to do and they must be out of their minds. So there's nobody and look at the green lines this morning. See that? There's nobody listening to S.U.N. It all because we got a whole week's worth of tape because Lassar is getting primed to go back and he have to do and recycling his body clock. I guess is what he's doing. Something like that. So anyway, Velvita says, well, how is the game last night? I said, well, on TV, it looked pretty good to make. Panthers 1, 3 to 1. See, I made a big stick about that. Give me some tickets. I'm going up to the game all out of the crap. My schedule showed the game a Sunday game, which like all of our home games here in the arena are six o'clock. It showed it 605. Never even dawned on me to look at the tickets and see if indeed it was a six o'clock game or for like some asshole had changed the time of the game and low and behold some asshole changed the time on a game. 735 for TV no doubt. So I'm on the turnpike tooled up there on my way to go to the game. Got my Panther jacket on, I got my tickets in my pocket and luckily something I don't know what it was. But I decided I'd better take a look at those tickets. I wasn't even looking for the time. I was looking for something else. And out of the corner of my eye, I spy the time 735 pm. Well, this is like the quarter. It's now about 215. 735. I'm going up there to get there at 5 o'clock for a game that starts at six. I get off the turnpike like at, um, okay, show me Rodin and West Palm Beach. Turn around, make a quick euteron and get that all home. I mean, what the hell are they thinking about? I'll figure out how the game starts at six. It'll be over a little before nine. I'll be home before midnight. No sweat. As it turns out, I'd been home like 1.32 o'clock in the guy day morning, which turns out to be a very comatose boring game, by the way, which it always seems to be when I watched a lightning play for some reason. Like the game over there that opener where we had almost 30,000 people and the bees are shut them out to nothing. And then the leafs game where they shut them out to nothing, also, which was a terminal sloppy game. And then the game lasts night in Orlando. Terminal and sloppy. Hort has not lost the game this year. When going into the third period with a way. Chris Joseph, fine, cleared away, kept in. All posted behind the goal. Now it comes in front, back in, everybody. How are they starting? Scrolling, let's get the rebound. It's 23 seconds into the third. The Panthers are taking a free nothing, Lee. And that's basically all you need to know. The third one, the final score, the Panthers. And how about those guys who are seeing last summer when it comes to find out we're going to have a hockey team. And all those west coast yahu who are seeing. Well, we sure can't wait until the fall, boys, so we can kick your ass. So the lightning kick, kick the Panthers ass. Well, the last time I checked, they played four times with only one to go. And the Panthers have won three of them. And one ended up in a tie that we, I guess, got, you know, but never let net game. Let them get back in a game in the third period after having a three one lead. And gave them a three three tie. And they're net, we've, like, beat them every time. And they've looked pretty important to me to be honest with, they look really sad. They just, uh, lethargic at best. Had a little authority across their last night and who can blame them on a Sunday night to start the game at 735. Not too smart, Mr. Respezito, not too brilliant. Stupid move. But anyway, we'll take the two points. Thank you. 33 points looks really good to me. Only one game under 500. The Panthers are doing just fine. Thank you very, very much. And then, of course, we had the jazz mice to run over the weekend. And when we started doing a survey to find out who's who's had dump on a floor down stairs. We, uh, huh, um, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh. How, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh. Well, what thing about jazz, McCay, he and his entourage, you sure had an interesting element to this building. Make no mistake about it. I can't point any fingers. However, jazz, you did leave, jazz will be in all this week for Rick and Suds. Starting the same to know between two and six, and jazz left some of his apparatus behind here. I didn't know who, who, who would belong, but I picked it up off the copyright file and drop it all on the floor. floor. So as I'm picking it up and putting it back into the uh... briefcase or whatever that thing is, I'm noticing some very strange rambling on there. I mean some really bizarre and strange and wild and interesting stuff. So he'll be out of two this afternoon for some real wild and bizarre and strange and interesting radio no doubt. And we can like sit around and analyze. I especially like the a ten minute call from Brian to Bordop at the end as I was driving up. I thought to Orlando on Saturday at the end of the show is Brian working our show today. Nice call, Brian. Not. What up? But looking full man. That I still say that's a one thing if I've taught you anything in the year 1993, I've tried teaching it for years but nobody wants to believe it. Especially the colors because they don't want to admit it about themselves. But sucking is basically what calling talk shows us all about. But sucking fools. Oh you're so it's like last Friday. I mean, you guys aren't here the first day rickensides around vacation. They're not even out of the state yet probably. Oh yeah, rickensides blow. You're great. We can put a monkey on and this is not a shot of jazz. It's just a shot of the colors in general no matter who you put on. Oh yeah, they were okay. But God, you're like a real hipster man. You're a hipster. That's my favorite line. A hipster. It's 10 14 at WIO D and WSUN. It's rickensides. Then it's six. It's sports talk 16. You're a new boy. Oh. This new year's Eve. Some stations are going to throw parties. Some stations are going to have fun. Not this station. Because this station is going to make you a new person for the new year. A new. A new. You. Just be a tenth color when you hear this sound. And we'll come to your house and lock you in an empty closet. That's right. There'll be no more beer. No more cigarette and no more unprotected sex with minor. You won't have to make new years resolution. Because you'll be locked in a closet. Living a life without temptation. You'll also be fined. Dehydrated and so. Winners will be denied beer. cigarettes and unprotected sex with minors for a period of not less than one year from the date of contest. Unless of course winner opt to have such a thing. In which case will still make you wear a condom and a special. New years resolution. Why make him when you don't have to break up people is in for your chance to win. By the way, thanks again to Mike Nadelle, the former W.I.O.D. board-op turned the record promoter. He brought me that fantastic. Boosecott Unablehead album on Friday and changed my entire life forever. And it'll never be the same again. Or you're a see either. So anyway, as long as we're playing amateur program director, that seems to be the only topic of conversation on the radio station. That and of course, he's made it come back. You know, this jeans pinado. George and I were trying to figure around who's responsible for this aberrant behavior around here. Even jazz gets to call from Gilbert. It was either Friday. I must have been Saturday. And just before the end of his show, it goes on and on. Oh yeah, you're really great over there. You know, that dual micles. He don't belong on the ever. You know, you put you on the air. You know, jazz, you're really, you see, he's a Gilbert's another one of those people. Whoever will put him on a year and whoever tolerate him is immediately the greatest and should be on the year like 20 hours a day. So Gilbert can do his thing and destroy the radio station again. I have no idea where this all came from again. First it started with Rick and Suds and then all of a sudden jeans pinado and Adam and then Randy of all people and Jim inviting him to come in here and do stuff for their show. And now the jazz mice do it's like, all Gilbert all day. I think it's going to be the new format here at WIOD. Maybe that's the thing. Maybe Gilbert will be doing morning drive. Huh? One happy a great way to wake up in the morning. Yeah, that would do it for me. So anyway, who knows? So the only one thing I do know for sure, since they're very tight-lipped around here and they give you a whole bunch of song to dance and a lot of stories is that I don't know anything. I do know that they're going to be some changes made. I know that Chuck Meyer is safe. Thank the Lord for that. Chuck is safe. He will still be here. They're going to pay him a lot of money just to hang out and he'll lot of food or something like that. But because we all love Chuck, we just know that he was put in an impossible situation and that the whole concept in the morning sucks, just like the WIOD Christmas party. And probably he came from the same source that concept. That amount of mention a name because he is in the building. But you know, same general ideas. And as far as I hear jazz saying, I don't think so. I think it would be good to have Randy on any afternoon because last it is going to be on in Tampa and he afternoon. Randy over here and he afternoon. Because a lot of people are forgotten that when she fell down for Rick and Suds over here, it was great. She did a tremendous job, the audience loved her and it would be perfect. Then she wouldn't have to be on in Tampa. Because they don't like her over there. She's too New York and too Jewish for that market. They don't want any part of her. Okay. So that would be perfect. And then we throw somebody on here at night that they could carry over there at night like jazz. If we could get in there a bird or to spend overtime and come into building with like a gigantic pale and bucket and you know, do a lot of mopping up. I mean, maybe that wasn't him. Who else was here over the weekend? Bo Kamper. He wouldn't take a dump on the floor. What do you think? So that a next jock he wouldn't do that. A lot of stress about the big gains and I put out and think him would do that. What do you know? Maybe it was just one of those biker friends of jazz to just couldn't quite make it, you know? Because the pot seems to be the obsession with those people, not necessarily the one you sit on. Anyway, the first call on Friday. I'm driving home out of here. Here's jazz filling in for Rick and Suds. The very first call. See a lot of times it's not the host. It's the callers who destroy your potential. Very first call out of the box. And a guy's talking about, uh, he's got some verbal for play about some allegedly talking about something else. But then after like 30 seconds, he gets to the real purpose of the call. Well, you know, I don't know where Rick stands on legalization, marijuana jazz, but I know you're all for it. And don't you think it's about time? And I thought to myself, boy, it's a perfect time to put that new CD into my CD player in a car. And I did pop that right in there immediately if not sooner. In addition to which, how is it possible for anybody who really listens to Rick and Suds, Rick stands on a legalization of the wicked weed? Is it possible? I mean, let's get serious. Let's just be different. But anyway, that seems to be like, we've got a certain element out there of the jazz followers who are like one track. Thank you so much, Melissa. Couple of hard tacos from Taco Bell. And they are so nice and so hard that it makes for a perfect day. So anyway, some of the callers would like give it a rest already because the rest of us don't want to keep hearing. It's pointless. Okay. It's just repetitious. It's a same old crap over and over and over and over again. Yeah, they should legalize it. No, they're not going to do it any time in our lifetime in this country because we're in the dark ages. And that's the name of the game and go burn what and get out of my face. And that's the bottom line. Look at those tampalines. Is that going to be that way all day long? Because Bob is on tape all week this week? What a lead and he's provided. You know what? I probably couldn't have gotten the call these last several months without last Saturday doing mornings over there. Because they sure don't turn it on 10 o'clock. Although how the hell were we doing, you know, making some progress before he started doing mornings. Well, that seems to have changed. The one good thing is with Ron and Ron over there in a morning starting next week. Well, actually, might have some living and breathing audience who might just might just be tempted to stick around and sample what's on afterward. And then we'll get to last it or with his geriatric people in the afternoon so he can go back and do his old FLA routine. 1022 at WIOD and WSUN. Miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. Now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest that 1950s kid show how he doody featured Buffalo Bob and a myriad at named Howdy. But in the original pilot, Howdy wasn't a puppet at all as this lost classic shows. Hi kids. You know what time it is? That's right and you know where Howdy doody lives. That's right and you know why they call me Buffalo Bob. He has your own way to Buffalo. Right again now who wants to shake hands without him. The lost Howdy doody pilot is that a puppet in your pocket or you just have to see me can be yours for just 1995 and local video stores video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this crap. That damn fact that I can't stand it. That's 25 in WIOD. Let's do a Kindle. Hello. Good morning. You'll serve. When is to you sir? Yeah, when is to use to call it to the chair report on the Marvin and Adam show. It's amazing that you should answer that because I haven't even asked it yet. Well, it was on my mind. I didn't hear it. I'm a big fan of Marvin and Adam. Yeah. The show wasn't half bad. Yeah. But it wasn't half good either. I think I enjoyed the show. Okay, but some of the things they let some of the callers just ramble on way too long. And then and it dumped some of the people who seem like well, I don't know. I say they I think Adam wasn't control over you. But um yeah. Adam is the dominant one in that period. Trust me. Oh definitely. I think he's one it's on top most of the time. But he kept dumping people that I thought would be some interesting callers and me and nothing but what do you keep dumping? Dropping the knuckleman off the line saying goodbye. See you later. How do you ohs? Before the even a chance to really get into the conversation. Yeah, but it wasn't bad. It was a good show. I just kind of wish that they could have been like Adam would have just relaxed a little bit. What is big is big opportunity? It's probably a little hyper a little bit nervous. A little bit. Yeah. Psychotic. A little. And we all know. Maybe a good shipment came in. Yeah. Well, they've worked. I heard I'm talking about the Christmas log or something. I thought maybe that's what you were talking about on the floor. Yeah. It looked like somebody left their Christmas log. I love him. Anyway. All in all is a good show and I heard jazz for the first time on Friday. Yes. Yes. And and and I come to find out he and I went same high school back in Houston. Wow. This is Gary Taut. How about that brother? Yeah, we might have shared uh He had guys call him from prison. Was it Saturday or yesterday? Yeah. And they were actually calling which was amazing to me and they all seemed to know him. We probably sent him all postcards as I'm going to be on the air call me. Yeah. You know, definitely he was the address right? Mm-hmm. All in all though. Great weekend. I'm glad the holidays are over with. So now they're not over with. What are you talking about? I want to see their offer with. I hate to break the news, dear. Well, what are we missing? We're missing New Year's, man. Oh yeah. Right. Okay. Anyway, Neil have a good one buddy. Okay, you too. Bye. Okay. Well, there's our first report. Probably get some more like one or two about Adam and Marvin at show. It's certainly in here a minute of it. I have no idea. But that's also part of the new deal. I guess George is probably pretty porked off about that because George fantasizes about you're not upset about that. I thought you wanted to do a show. No, he's he got over that someday maybe someday, but not not that kind of a show. George is too much of an intellect to do that kind of a silly show. George wants to go on to do an intellectual show and solve the problems of the world on here. Let me perfect for S. U.N. To open lines in date and to in Broward. Look at that. But all of a sudden the green lines woke up. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Are you done, sir? How was your holiday? Not bad. Yeah. Hey, uh, his plans screw with you. You think he might be possibly as sexy as Peter Dors? Yeah, almost almost not quite. But he sure can shoot a straight. You said it was it was a boy game, but I thought it was just uh, I thought they played quite well, but maybe it's well. These are played very well. 37 shots. 36 saves. As usual, kept us in the game played great. But I'd like that break away. He stopped with climate. That was incredible. It was incredible. It was what about screwed with uh, just bouncing off the pads when he went into the to pick one. Yep, to the sirs. Right. All right. It's uh, you're kicking ass, man. We're just rolling along. People don't seem to understand a role. He came under 500. We got 33 points. And his team is like right in the thick of it. That's all we need. We're right in the middle of it. All right. You'll keep it up, buddy. Okay. Bye. And you too. Hang on to it. Two upper lines in date and two in Broward is going to be just a green line Monday. I don't really give a crap because this week we're just kind of like uh, skating on ten icees. They say at the old pond. We're just kind of like, uh, fumbling our way through a waiting to see what's your, what the other shoe drops. Do you think the other shoe is going to drop these are good today, by the way, these tacos. I always like Taco Bell that only the hard ones. George likes him soft. Hmm, not from Reeve. I like him real hard. Hmm. This like those. Little spicy, real hard. Here's the mobile and Carl Springs. Hello. How are you? Okay. Thanks for the ham. Oh, great. In fact, I'll say this thanks for the ham. My cousin also received one from you and we both have brought it to our family function. Well, it was an beautiful. It worked out great. Right? Where I feel like we're a bunch of stores. Yeah, it's a store family. Yeah. In fact, the client, the uh, well, anyway, everyone. The guy to what? The guy at Heavenly Ham said, what the hell you doing back here again? Is that it? No, no. I only brought one. He brought the other one. Yeah. He was, uh, he was having a rough day when I picked him up. They were swamped. But I'll tell you that they were delicious. Much different than the honeybeck. You know what I mean? That's so it is totally different from better. I felt well. I'm happy if you like to meet them. I'm happy to hear it. It was a great. So uh, I just tuned in. I got a bad feeling about the dolphins tonight. I just got a few more episodes. I'm like, man. Yeah. I just think, I'll tell you, there was some pretty, pretty crappy football on yesterday, boy. I have never seen, I mean, just some really garbage stuff coming on. How about the bucks, beating Denver? Yeah. How about that? The bucks did win a game yesterday, beating Denver. All of Denver still in a playoffs? Yeah, but does that disgusting? Yeah. That was really, all the good teams got there. I'm speaking to disgusting. Is anybody ever seen a more inept quarterback than Mark Rippen? I mean, he went from like superstar two years ago. He is so bad that there are no words to describe it. I mean, he was just pathetic. I'm pathetic. He's bad. But there we're, I'm telling, there's a whole host of, I'm telling you, Scott Mitchell is going to make millions, texture. Yeah. Do you see any of that bearer's game? No, I didn't see. I didn't have a stomach for that. He is the worst piece of crap. He must had 10 balls deflected. How about 10 balls? Yeah. I deflected at the line of the screen. Couldn't get a pass on. How did his own back feel? Well, he's only about six six for quite a lot. That must be his problem. Not tall enough. You know, the bears have never had a good quarterback. That's not it on my lifetime. I remember Billy Wade was the quarterback. It was at 64 when they won. I mean, you know, I was born in 64. Yeah, the one. Billy Wade and he's stuck to the bears have never had a good quarterback. I can't remember one ever. I'm going to tell you something, man. I hate McMahon like poison, but the guy can get the job done. Give me a break. Give me a break. McMahon is a phantom. When you manage to break, they just a crumudge in. He's a strange guy. I'm sure they were happy to tell him when he left BYU. Yeah. He, I don't think he's fitting with them. But, man, what to BYU? That's where you went to college. He had to be damned. Can you imagine him at BYU? No, not really. He just doesn't have that Steve Young ambiance. No, he doesn't have that mission. I'm going to say that. There was another game, by the way, that was Saturday's game. That was another strange game with Houston pulling other one. And if I have to keep hearing about BUM Philips one more time, I'm not if they didn't mention BUM Philips 7,000 times during that game. I mean, enough is enough already. The guy's got a great defense. All of a sudden, they're crap, but enough is enough. He wasn't out there playing on the field. God, all mighty. You talking BUM Philips, what the hell are you talking about? I'm talking about that. Huh? Me, buddy Ryan? Did I say BUM Philips? I mean, buddy, same difference, buddy Ryan, BUM Philips. They look the same to me. Buddy Ryan, did I say BUM Philips? Well, it was a Freudian slip. It's a Freudian slip. Doesn't he look like BUM Philips? He's got that same fan. He looks like eight Gibran out of bed day. Buddy Ryan. Without the hat? Yeah, disgusting. Buddy Ryan, this and Buddy Ryan added Buddy Ryan to, and I just can't handle it anymore. I wonder I'm thinking BUM Philips. Buddy Ryan. Just a Houston slip at the tongue. See, uh, and up, the wall around the subject. I don't want him to monopolize all your time. Why not? The bills are the luckiest amount of guarantee. You're in tier. You can just, you don't even have to watch it. You know, you just know the final outcome. Just like in the New England game, it's always going to be the same. And then the game did too. But that was good for us though. That was excellent for us. We needed the jets to get beat. I know we did, but you know what, I just got a bad feeling about tonight's game. Yeah. We kick San Diego's ass so bad here. Yeah. Right. They are, I guarantee you, they're waiting for the dolphin. They are. And we go out there and there's something about that Bommie air out there that gets to us. Yeah, it's like we don't play well in it. We don't play well in bad weather. We don't play well in Bommie weather. We don't necessarily play well in good weather, but especially out there. We don't play well outdoors and we don't play well indoors. We don't play well lately, but hey, listen, there's always a first time, man. I'm going to be at the track watching it and plunging my brains up. Well anyway, thanks a lot for the meat. And happy New Year. Thank you. Okay. Hauser. Opaline and date 751. And all abroad, let's make a New Year's resolution that somebody from Broward will call before we change the calendar to the New Year. Speaking of counters, everybody got their SPIFI WIOD calendar yet. Our commos house total is 105,198. Our center one totals 49,407. Probably both totals are a lot higher than that, but little bubble head in the whole programming departments on vacation this week. So we may not have the new totals from peaches. How are we going to get the totals from peaches? I guess maybe we won't. Maybe tomorrow. And maybe not. Maybe we'll have to wait till next week. Which would be good because it should be goose to weigh up there by then. Shouldn't it? I don't see anything happening in Broward, by the way. This isn't going to be another one of those Mondays and don't try to yank my chain because I know that there are hell of a lot of people who are not working this week and not in school and not doing a goddamn thing. So don't give me this, it's Monday back to the real world stuff because I don't buy it for a second and Broward. Boy what a bunch of phonies. 1035 at WIOD in WSUN. Tonight after Randy Rhodes it's Don and Mike. Martin God. It's the cold and flu season and there's nothing better for colds and flu than a nice hot bowl of junkie chicken soup. I don't feel good. Some nice hot chunky chicken soup will make you feel better. Open why? I really though. Broward. Now isn't that better? A room spinning. Boy you do look a little green. I think I'm going to be. Chicken soup. Big meaty chunks of chicken in a glutinous pale yellow substance. It feels so good going down and not bad coming back up. Looks pretty much the same too. Try a little more chunky chicken soup. I just threw that up. You've been throwing it up for three days. You've been feeding me the same ball of soup for three days. And I'm going to keep feeding it to you until you keep it down, Mr. Bloism. Chunky chicken soup today. Chunky chicken soup. Use a bucket. You'll want to catch every drop. Anyway 1037 at WOD. So let's take a poll and the building and see who everybody thinks did that number on the floor down there. Okay. In fact maybe we should have a guided tour. Probably somebody's punky kid. Who's going to, oh somebody's punky kid that was in there and does it look like kid poop? Huh? What are you laughing about? I mean you can tell the difference for crying out loud. I mean if there's a gigantic enormous size of a load there, you know it certainly didn't come from some little kid. It's a smear like it was graffiti down there. A smear on wear like on the floor. It's smeared all over like oh like somebody did it with my hand like maybe they were like an artist in their spare time. Okay maybe they didn't have the newspaper. They were doing a little artwork. Okay. Singer Penny. Yeah. Well understand they do that in the candle off. They have a lot of spare time. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes. Here's the doctor in. Uh-huh. Neil six words. If the top is when they're in. Yep. So that's right tonight so tonight we win it and spite of these last three and ten per week we get in a playoff and then we try to get our ass and act together. That's right. Neil you probably can agree me about this but I think off the doll. I think the top would get rid of him. I agree. Guys it's not going to play the night either. I wouldn't say get rid of him. It's time to say John let's make some more bagels over there and go and save some more drowning people and do a nice job and you're a great guy. We love you but you're like perpetually injured and it's just uh we can't pin our future hopes on you because you never play. That's right. Right. I agree. I mean that's you know maybe it managed to say that's an insensitive thing to say but it happens to be the truth. The guy is like always injured and he tries his damn best he just can't do it. He's like he had it. Yep that's right. Now Neil got called some of my juice bag. Go ahead sir. Okay Chris you're a Budweiser drinking skydiving douchebag. Okay see yeah oh he got out of there and hurry look at this state and brawett situation here today is gonna be like this all day quite frankly I don't care. I couldn't give a flying cramp less as they say downstairs. Let's go to clear water hello. Hello Neil. Yes I've just wanted I figured out why you probably were thinking about thoughts instead of um Buddy Ryan buddy Ryan and that's because his son wei felt just probably bummed out after losing the box. Oh is that it? Yeah that could be it. And speaking of bombers I guess we get a bad trade we get last year and he afternoon and we lose brick and suds. Is that the deal? That's the deal. Why could we put last year on a midnight? In the keep brick and suds. Yeah. Well hey I got nothing to do with this. Oh yeah. And I wanted a who's start in the dolphin game tonight. I just I didn't read any literature over here on the West Coast or anything. Mitchell. Oh okay Mitchell's starting but boy all he's got to do is like fart once real bad and we'll surely get wind of it and to burglary out there factored you can say douchebag I'm telling you. Well any more of those lolly pops on the sidelines run back for touchdowns. I don't look like I can handle it anymore. Yeah it's so. Be interesting to see if they got like a long leash on Brian Cox tonight if he gets his act together and starts. You know getting his intense on the field as he does off the field that would be real nice for a change. Just imagine if you say it will look some of that energy. You can serve some of that channel that and some of the line in space is I think you'd be a lot better off. Exactly. Or maybe to sack the quarterback which would be nice since we almost never do that that would be nice. Oh that would be just one time Brian would nice to see that. And that quing ball I hope he does well. Anyway I have a friend down from Michigan and they're complaining about the weather over here. Yeah. And it's eight below in the skig and it's like 71 here today. Yeah. What kind of difference? I'm going to kiss your cheeks. Okay. Time to kiss your beautiful rosy cheeks if you complain about the weather. Well I like to wish your cat color a douchebag. Yes sir. Flee shit and Walter your both flaming douchebag. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Here's our friend with another very colorful shirt today. It looks like he's about ready for takeoff man. We have an open line on the green line one in date and all three in Broward. I guess Broward is just taking a week off between now and New Year's. They're building up the energy. They're re-evitalizing their thing and they're going to get set for a real big active 1994. Right. Do you believe that? I didn't think so. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3 and Broward. Guiding light today. Rodgers in Hollis House. No football game. No pre-emptions today. Guiding light at 3. And Suds is still holding out. That's the rumor. See I'm going to go back to what I was saying before. Since that's what everybody wants to talk about. Rick and Suds in a morning that would be my choice. Randy and he afternoon. Jazz at night over here and Siamelcast in Tampa, which he would do a 30 share of Tampa easy. Only we have to have somebody special in a clean up crew to take care of his droppings. But other than that, that's what that would be my suggestion. And my other suggestion would be that they Siamelcast Sports Talk. What would be wrong with that? No more tapes. Maybe overnight. I don't care about that because everybody's asleep after midnight anyway. But between six A.M. and midnight, no more tapes, no more reruns, no more best of worst of, like have real stuff on all the time. I know that's a revolutionary concept, Tom, but what an idea. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Missed at the game last night. I know. We couldn't buy his amazing when I walked into the arena. Some people passed by us and they go, yeah, he's right over there with fat rich. Yeah, right. So we're like, where is he? We kept looking. We kept looking. I'm looking over there. He weren't there. No. No, he was a comatose game. Yeah, but I mean, why the hell did they change the time to 735? What are they thinking about on a Sunday night? I agree that after Christmas. The day after Christmas, people, many of them had to go back to work this morning on a Sunday. Six o'clock would have been perfect. Get out of there before 9 o'clock. Yeah. You're on your way home. I mean, it would have been a piece of cake. But when I looked at that ticket and saw 735, I said, forget this crap. Too much. Yeah. Anyway, we had a pretty good crowd over 10,000. Yeah. So, and like I said, it's a nice facility. Sometimes we got to come up there and check it out. It looked good on TV. It looked kind of interesting. Yeah, it's a very nice place. All right. Well, I've been out of town during holidays. Are Rick and suds like off the air down there also or only up here. Now, Rick and suds are still on your here. They're just making a big move over there. They're putting Ron and Ron on our next Monday. Last hiters go into afternoons. I'm still going to be on midday and the rest of us all up for grabs. And that's it. And so Rick and suds have done their last show over there. It is terrible. I can't believe it because Rick and suds on the best calls. I hate to say it came from this area from the tap. Yeah. They really did. They had some great people. I'm not doubting that. I don't debate that. So, it's a shame. Not even on tape. Late at night or anything. Impossible. Possible. It needs me. We don't know what they're going to be doing here. Right. We don't know what they're going to be doing here. They could be in a morning. It's here. They could still. I know next week they're coming back and doing afternoons still here for least a while. And there's been a lot of speculation that maybe they're going to do the morning show here. suds don't want to do the morning. I don't know. It would seem to me that here it's the almost the beginning of the new year that these people would have their act together. And quite frankly, I don't think they got any idea. I mean they got an idea, but they don't they just don't have it done yet. That's terrible. Because they're really big act. I like them. They're great. They're good. They're fantastic. They're okay. We'll have a very safe and happy New Year. And same to you. See you. See you. Jazz this afternoon. The jazz mice do from 2 to 6. Now listen jazz. I want to make a suggestion. I have ambivalent feelings. It's not that I don't like the guy. He's okay. Like when you meet him in person as long as you don't get too close. But it's just that strange is the only word that comes to mind. Strange. Which is fine. We're all strange in our own way. But like the carts. He's got this whole tremendous collection of his own stuff which is great. Because he doesn't have to rip off anybody else's carts or materials. You know, get into the computer and mess it up like a term. But like he's auditioning stuff on the air. Like something they'll play for like about 25. Oh, we already just heard that one. You know what I'm saying? Like maybe the guy should have some cart machines at home. I'm sure he could probably come up with some somewhere. Maybe you ought to get the guy used to work in production. What was his name? There was having into all the drugs. No, we don't want to say it on here. I know what his name was. Well, he had some equipment at home. Of course he was selling it. But that's another story. Takes a lot of money to buy those very exotic drugs. Here's a lady mobile implantation of Broward Colourn Oless, hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. This is Alexandra Taylor. I'm visiting from Atlanta, Georgia. How long? Yes, ma'am. I'm doing fine. Listen, I understand you and I have something in common. Really? Yes. What is that? I am the biggest fan of Luis Miguel. How about that? What? And I want to know all about him and I don't know how to find out about him. My mom says you're a biggest fan of him. What would you like to know? Well, where is he? He's from. He was born in Puerto Rico. Okay. Which was quite a scandal a few years ago because he always thought he was born in Mexico since he's like, you know, the Elvis Presley of Mexico and all of Latin America. But like turns to find out, they found his birth certificate and he was born in Puerto Rico and his mother was Italian and his father was Luis Ré who was a very famous Latin entertainer who died a couple years ago. And I just saw him in Vegas last week and he was tremendous. His good as he is on tape or on a record. He's much better in person and looks even better in person and he's a god. Well, absolutely. I'm trying to figure out where I could go to the concert of him. Well, I'm going to tell you, uh, sometimes how long are you going to be here? I'm only going to be here through Tuesday, but I travel here pretty frequently. Oh, because I'm going to work on getting his schedule as concert tour for next year. Are you real? So that I can have my good friend Cheryl set up all the arrangements to make sure I get tickets for all of them and don't get shot out, which is just a joke. Yeah. And uh, so I'll let you know. Well, thank you. Um, I'll just keep going. I don't think he'd be coming to Atlanta though. You know? Oh, I doubt it. I doubt that we're going to have too much espiongule in Atlanta. But he sure is how will be coming to Miami? I know that. Where does he live in the U.S.? He's got in the U.S. He's got a house in Miami, which we're not supposed to know about, but he does. He's got a big mansion on the water in Acca Polco. He's got a house in somewhere either Barcelona or somewhere in Spain. He's got his like loaded. Lodon. I really appreciate this information. And I'll just call you straight from Atlanta and get us dates on his schedule. You never seen his videos though, have you? How can you get a hold of this video? You can't. I know. You have to get a satellite dish and what telehit from Mexico on M223 and they show them all over in over Swave and all those other videos like over and over and over again. He's running around naked on the beach and the Cuando Caliente, so will all those hot bodies. I'll let flesh through all like a stark naked almost. Oh, caramba. Exactly. That's what I always say. Well, Neil, it's been a pleasure to be here. Well, you're a, it's a pleasure to meet a lady of impeccable taste. Absolutely. And I think you're wonderful. And listen, I hope you find out who left that deposit downstairs. Trust me. We'll sniff it out. Have a great time here. See you. See you. See you. We have an open line in dates. I know that there was some strange substance in the building over the weekend. Little did I know that was on the floor down in the magic room. Maybe one has something to do with the other, okay? Maybe if you do enough pot, it leads you to. We have an open line that I say in Broward also at 524. It's 1048 at WIOD and WSUN. Coming up tonight at 8 following sports talks. 6 to 10. It's Randy Rose. So anyway, did easier come back to work this week at all? Do you think she's down here in accounting? Let's find out if issues and no, you don't think so. You haven't seen her? I have this autographed Luis Miguel picture for her. That's getting like all wrinkled up in my thing there and I'm going to have to toss it if she don't come up here and grab it pretty soon in the picture too. Look at that. It's getting like moldy and crappy in my little fag back. Even on her desk. Huh? We'll leave it under there. No, we will not leave it on her desk. Then some other bitch down here will grab it and then she'll come and see if we'll wear it and how was it? She's here, I think. Or she could get canned. Here's Poppa to want a sterile on. Hello. No. Yes, sir. I'm not in Poppa home at the Fort Lotto Del Aroport now. Are you? Yeah. In my cab. On your weight. Oh, you're in a cab. Yeah, waiting to pick somebody up. Okay. Listen, I got out of the like a fantasy thing for you. See? Imagine this. The newer Rangers plays the up-star Florida Panthers in the playoff. Yeah. But anything be better for Florida hot. Yes. Wouldn't that be outrageous? That would be beautiful. I would love it. But anyway, Buffalo sucks. And we should have we should have been watching them lose to the jets and really put the pressure on the dolphins. Yeah. But we don't need any more pressure than we already got. Okay. We need a nice easy game tonight about 48 to three would be nice. Well, it would be nice. Yeah. What do you think an eight minutes contract? Does he deserve that? Based on what talent or looks? Based on looks, he knows he's already done anything. He looks like his face is falling apart to me. I don't know. I don't think he's worth 50 minutes. They're scary. They're really well-looked. What the way I look at it is I'm a talent guy. In other words, I'm all for the talent. I'm down on management because most management are assholes. And whatever the talent can get more power to him. That's the way I look at it. If he can get if he can get 100 million more power to him. That was probably because of the new TV contracts they were able to pay him. Right. Exactly. It's because Fox stuck their nose in it. Yeah. That's true. Well, anyway, Neil. One thing I do agree with Jazz McCay among many other things. But one thing especially is that I hope John Madden and Summer all wind up on Fox because they're the best. I don't care what anybody says. They're the best play by play football people on the NNFL. They should be on Fox. So we got the Super Bowl next year, huh? We do. It's down in Joe Robby, no one. I have no idea. I think we do. It was part of his contract to build that stadium or something. We got it next year. I think so. Beats me. Anyway. Let's worry about this year's first, okay? Yeah, what do the blackout rules on hockey Neil? What's down here? Do you know the TV blackout? The blackout on what? To see home games. Because I've been watching home games. Home games are not blackout because they haven't been having them in a show now. They don't have that thing in hockey. The interesting thing is if it's not sold out it's blackout. That's strictly an NFL thing. Well Neil, you have a wonderful new year. And back to you. Hey, talk to you. See you. We have an open line on a storyline. One in date, two in Broward again. Broward can't keep it up. But is that unusual? Of course not. I don't know what they're all they're going to do here. I really don't. But they better do something soon because during this as we look back in this retro-espected that everybody does at the end of the year. One of the things that I can say beyond the shadow of his doubt is that the new regime here has done such a hatchet job on this radio station. And I know what every day that I come in here. You have to work like 20 times as hard because you're dealing with 40% less audience than we had when they came here. Like last winter in the winter book before they had a chance to burger it all up. Which they've done a magnificent job of. And the more you talk to them, to me, one of the great moments of this past year was when I was invited to lunch to give my ideas to our leader. And I sat there and everything that I told him virtually was like tossed out the window. And like the very next day like, oh no, we're not going to do this and we're not going to do that and shut up in my new role business. And I don't want to hear about it again. Okay. Because one thing about it when you work for other people more often than not, they know it all. You can't tell them anything. If like their leg if there's blood pouring out of their leg and they don't realize it, you say hey what's that coming out of your leg there Bob? What's that pouring all over the floor? Just I'm in charge here. Just leave me alone. I can handle it. Okay. Don't start getting being alarmist. You're causing trouble. But that pool of blood it's getting like there's like gallons of blood. Don't worry about it. I'm in charge. I'll take care of it. Here's Carl Springs on the Starline. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you doing? We're bleeding over here, sir. Hi. How are you doing now? All right. Yeah. All right. Listen, you're I'm just talking about those blackout rules and hockey. Yes. The only thing that they apply to, I guess is ESPN. Because I remember earlier in the year you had said that you tried to take a game off ESPN too. Right. If you notice when they advertise the games, it's just local blackout may Right. But that doesn't but see this guy's asking about a sellout. That has nothing that's a regional blackout. But that isn't because the game is sold out or not. That has nothing to do with whether hockey, telecast or a blackout. That's a regional thing. All right. I didn't know. I thought it was they had to deal with it. Take it. Same. No. Not at all. Okay. Well. Okay. Okay. Hey. Take it. It's easy. See ya. All right. Open line a day. It's 751 and 2 and Brad one on the Starline. It's going to be this way all day long. It's spotty. It's spotty. They're all at their returning all the direct that they got for Christmas. I don't give Christmas gifts. I never have and I never will. I don't celebrate a George gave me a nice wallet for Christmas, which I appreciate very much. I gave him nothing except my best wishes. Because I don't give Christmas gifts and I don't expect to get any and generally speaking, I pretty much don't. It's just it's not my holiday. So it would be rather abred. I do give birthday gifts. I celebrate people's birthdays. Like, I can't think of any other special events. But it's not that I'm cheap. It's just that Christmas is not my thing. It all. And I noticed that most of the people who work here agreed with that because they gave out those cards, the list for the Christmas cards. And I got like three or four, I would say, George and his lovely wife and Bob Green and his lovely family and boy Gary and his aberrant group. And that was basically about it. Maybe one or two others that I'm forgetting. Which is fine because I don't send it. It's not my thing. Here is Tampa. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I got a question. I got to think about Ron and Ron. I drive over to road on big truck and I get the here. Do you think, Donk? Yeah. Donk all the time. They blow. They blow. They're going to do a big number over there. So we can sit here and say they blow all day long and I happen to agree with you that they're not much. That they're a cheap, Howard rip off. But they're going to do a big number. They're very popular over there and they're going to be a big improvement in the morning. And I sure as hell would rather have the lead in from what audience they're going to have them from blah, bow on the west coast. Oh, yeah. Long. I think his people are thinking that they've changed the routine when they moved to the east coast. Yeah. That they're so hot and fancy. People here have not heard their thick. Well, they have they just think it's different. And when they get it, they're going to hear the same old thing. And they're going to say, oh, this is the same old same old. Yeah. And same old pay facts to say. Yeah. And ladies and gentlemen, whatever they call it, which is a ripoff of Howard's lesbian dilidate. Yeah. It's going to be the same thing. It's going to drive, you know, it's going to drive me to dirt. See, I'm not really a big fan of people who want to rip off Howard's stern or me or anybody else. If you don't have some originality, if you're not doing really your own thing and you're just ripping other people off, then to me, you're just a waste of time. You're just a ripoff artist. Exactly. And then I think the one thing that gets over here, people are going to realize that, hey, same old thing. I thought something was different here. Yeah, but let me ask you this. What else are they going to listen to in the morning? Uh, see, that's why they're doing very well over here by default. And that's why they're going to do a extremely well over there. Because there's no other morning show over there. Great. Great. It's not been here. I mean, I mean, the blavo, he got me hooked on on talk radio back when he was doing afternoon drive at the floor. Yeah. And, you know, and I've got really hooked into it. And I hear like, I go towards Atlanta and I hear GST on AM and FM and I'm like, it's great. And they screw up right there when they said, you know, the tease me, please me for a week. And then, you know, we're going to jerk your chain and then take you off. And they've really brought a lot of people running out of everybody's hearing Ron and Ron and Ron and Ron and they're going to come back and they're going to say, well, what is this? And I think it's really going to, it's going to screw everything up and they're going to be, they're going to be hurting. And I mean, I give them something. What do you mean they're going to be hurting? I don't know what you're talking about. They're going to do a big number. I mean, you just got through a green with me on it. Now you're going back around in a circle. Oh, I think there's nothing else for people to listen to in a morning over there. But I think for the front of the FLA is putting Jack Harris on in a morning for all the FLA is going after the jury at your car. And so basically throwing in the towel and anybody under the age of 100. And they're going after the jury at your crowd. They want to be a true A. We're going to be a new stock radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll free 1 80944 WIOD And those are mobility customers making a free call by dialect star IOD. Oh, now the Neal Roger show on you stop radio 610 WIOD. Brack them, hell, it damn their kiln them. And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure test just in time for Dun Johnson's birthday. The popular 80s drama Miami Vice star Johnson and Philip Michael Thomas is Florida Vice cops. But few people saw the short lived Saturday morning cartoons spin off Miami mice as this lost classic episode shows. We will conduct our business in here, senior. What? I'm afraid of mice. No problem, let me go. No more mice. That was a close one. The Miami mice pilot, I glowemesis to pieces can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores. Video treasure chest. We've got rooms to this crowd. So what do you think? Who's the president doing this week? I'm sorry. That's all I were talking about yesterday morning on the news shows. All of I will say this David Brinkley reached Neal Roger today. I like David even though he looks like Methuselah on a bad day these days. You see how sucking in he looks. Oh man. Really sad. Good night, chat. I'm sorry. I think it's one more good night, chat. That's going to be it for David. Looking really bad. But anyway, so yesterday what they did was something new and different. They each got to interview somebody that they wanted to interview. And let's see. It was Sand Donaldson interviewed that asshole, the campaign strategist, James Carr, what's his name? Carval Carval. Carval. Whatever his name is, that real Yahoo Cracker guy that the Rannickland campaign, who's a real geek. And George Will interviewed some little black girl from Chicago who used to be like in a geto. And now she's like a year later. She's making a life for herself and she's like a real smart little girl. And in the beginning David Brinkley interviews Lardez. It was the most pathetic, the most tragic, the saddest. And I'm not even sure they were in the same room. It was one of those deals where we never saw them both at the same time. And it would photograph Lardez like over here and Brinkley over there and it looked like they're not in the same room. You know what I'm saying? Like David's an oxygen tender, something in Lardez is like in a Morrison's cafeteria or something. I don't know what that was all about. But it was just, you know, it's not bad enough that this guy's already been dignified by every ghost stepping Nazi from coast to coast. But now David Brinkley's got to put him on here. Well, you may not agree with him, but he sure is a fat or something like that. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, you're in here. Yes. We've been thinking about mid-rules before with that. The buzzer was that tough. No, I was not. Wait, where is this guy? Boy, Gary gonna rise up and put Howard in the morning. I'm not gonna happen, sir. He's a... We have an open line in the Broward 524 and 2 in date. It just, it was a progression there. He just started out with Dickhead and then worked up to the big one. Two in date, 751. What he said. 751 F... Anyway, let's go. Let's move right along. Singin' a song. I guess we can't. We have to wait. Is that thing going to be that slow today? Let's try it. Tap it. Hello. Can you come out to play? Can you? Yeah. Yeah. Time for the Christmas miracles up here. The Buccaneers win. Yeah. And we're gonna get Ron and Ron. Right. That's gonna be fun. Big for you, buddy. And lightning's scored a goal last night. Yeah. That's a... Well, there you go. That's a start. You guys are doing great, Tanner. We got to give you guys credit. How about that? It's been out nice. We thank you so much because we are kicking your ass. You kicking it. Everybody else kicking your ass. You're gonna have to pull over to play. And I'll show you. It was no fluke us beating the Rangers last Wednesday. They'd three to two because it was amazing. Nice. Night they come back in kicknou jersey, which has been hotter and hell. Eight to three no less. Eight to three. They kicked their ass. Jesus. Yeah. But Neil, you know what? With Ron and Ron coming. That guy had it wrong. The caller before a... He was leading. He was very impressive. But I tell you what. Very depressing. Like most of the caller is extremely depressing and morose in this likeotic. Yeah, but I tell you what. It's gonna be do great things for the station. What up here? I agree. Because you're gonna get a taste of you. They're gonna get a taste of you. You're gonna want more. We're gonna want the whole total pack. Always happens. Every 10 to get a little taste of me. They want a lot more. Blob did you know good down here? You know what? Blob will eventually. I predict as you watch within two years. Bob Lasterdor will be back over at FLA. They'll approach him because Bob Lasterdor kills a whole program up here. He's not gonna fit in. Well, he's a fucking kind of fighter. So you are... I was just thinking that before. You are absolutely perspicacious and correct. Bob Lasterd doesn't do the kind of radio that he's filming. He is out of his element. He does FLA radio and he's trying to do it on SUN. And him following Ron and Ron and me would be like having David Brickly on after Howard Stern and David Letterman. It just does make it a sense. He does work up here. No. But I know he does work, but now with the same audience. It's like a total changing of the guard. That's so you're absolutely correct. Now that I'm gonna have Ron and Ron is leading up there. And none of those people are even listening yet who are gonna be listening starting next Monday. They're not even listening yet. Once they get a little taste of what this show is all about and if they would have gotten a little taste of Rick and Suds, we'd have a gigantic thing with living and breathing 18 to 34 year audience. That's it. Cox is making the push right now because FLA is in disarray. They're totally disarray. FLA is dead. FLA just... They just took out the old magnum and he shot themselves right in the forehead and their history. They're dead meat. Yeah, but that's why they're gonna make that push for for Lanceter. And Randy Rhodes is one of the greatest talents that you got on here. I mean, concerned all lineup and actually so quick she's clever. She is a witty woman. Well, I predict Randy afternoons over here, but it'll never happen over there. Rick and Suds, you have a total dynamite lineup. I've been listening to talk radio enough for about five years. And this is in the area here. This is the only thing that's really going right now. And it's the funniest. It's the best. I'm not trying to smuck up too much, but yeah you are. I'm joking. But the thing is it's a damn truth, man. And the people find out and you'll get these hard rockers and all these people that were Ron and Ron fans. And they'll start listening to all this other stuff that all is other great clamp that you all put on there and they're gonna love it. Okay. I wanted to intervene easily. Okay. Thank you. See ya. I'm just trying to get everybody ready for a judge. See ya. He's an interesting guy. Make no mistake about that. Interesting. Different bizarre strange interesting. Maybe I'll read some of that stuff from that folder on here. That was, I gotta tell ya. I don't know what that's all about. And I'm not a nosy person. I don't like noodle into other people stuff. But it just first of all I didn't know to whom it belonged. And it fell all on a floor and I'm like putting it back together. And I felt like it's kind of a clutch, but I did have to get in the copy folder at least once or twice today. And it's like really strange stuff. I mean, I don't know what that was all about. It must have had something to do with the, uh, with the, uh, what's your call it? Were they keep the cats? Huh? What do they call it? Were they keep the cats? I'm not gonna say anything about pussy cats on here. Don't get all psychotic and start blowing smoke rings. We have two open lines in dates, seven, five, one. And one, well, that weren't seem to be in there in awful lot. I mean, it just over and over and over again. 1113 at WIOD and WSUN. Get some latest news from the 610 WIOD news that we get on. Well, it's an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. Add of it says, jazz, take a bath. Oh! It's 1116. I mean, a guy did a show Saturday night. The first show he ever did with Marvin Noles. And all of the sunny's in here, ranting and raving, he's got on his motorcycle jacket. All you got to do is get that scruffy look that you have half of the time. But people think you're jazzed Junior. And then go down and like do a little dump on a carpeting down your way down the floor. The magic room in El Thick Jazz isn't building again. He didn't have that one strange guy in here Friday. Who is that guy? That fat was EOL. What is it? EOL? EOL? Is that what he is or is that his name? He's an EOL or an AOL? More like an AOL to me. I don't know. You've got to kind of an interesting entourage. Anyway, we have two open lines in dating, two in Broward and Adam is really pissed off. And wants to take on jazz right here on here. I say we do it like here on here tomorrow. Like in one 30, we let them do it right here on here. Okay, best two out of three falls. I mean, he's in Adam says he's in. Okay, let's do it. Let's do it right here on here. That's promo. We get a 90's here on this. Okay. I'll bring the lesson. Okay. I'll bring the switch played. Here is a lighthouse point. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'll yell. I love it. Do you? Yeah. Yep. The little side coast is going out of here. Neil, I've got an opportunity to drive a 95 through the snake. Do you know what? Through the snake pit. That section from Highway 84 to Broward Bullvard. Sunrise. I stay off of that as much as I can. Oh, it's a joy. I'm an over road truck driver. The reason why I haven't had a chance to talk to you is because I'm on the road driving all the time and listening to you laugh. Yeah. I just want to say good show. Yeah. That's it for me. Okay. See you. Dayton Broward got nothing to say today. So wife and puppet there's one line in 06 and that's in day that's lit and the rest are more like black. And let's keep it that way. I'm not going to kind of force it because they got nothing to say today. They had a real heavy duty weekend and they don't want to speak to me, which is fine. Let's talk about legalizing uh let's do that for about a half hours. Okay. Let's go to Lighthouse Point. Now Lighthouse Point is long gone. Largo. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes. Hello. This is Eric himself. Let's go to Miami. Hello. This is unbelievable. Miami. Finally you got to six. What is it? Finally you got to six. Six one. On the real thing you said that the only thing that was open was number six and date. No. I said of all the six lines that was the only one that was lit. The rest of them are like dead, especially all of Broward. And then and I'm the only one that has anything to say. Okay. Let's say it. Let's do it. It's about time. All right. Listen. I'll say something anything. I went to see you uh uh the last time you were in uh in the people off. See I'm uh the only charger fan in Miami. Oh yeah. You remember that? Praise that great. Just what we need today is a charger fan. Great. So anyways, what do you think? You're going to give it up first tonight? You're going to give it up first tonight, sir? I'm going to give this up for you guys. Yeah, bet you are. You know uh the charger, you know, they had uh disappointing season. Mm-hmm. Should have made the playoff at least. But they're just waiting for tonight is that what you're saying. Exactly. They're waiting in the lurch. Well you know two years ago we took you guys out. Yeah. Remember? Yeah. I remember. I'll all understand you. And then you guys pumped the up for the last year. Big time. Big time. Decimated them. So stand home kick their ass in the rain in the pouring rain just to just while allowing in the mud all over the field the chargers last time. I had to disappear for three days after night game. Yeah. My friends know so uh but stand home please add a little how to little quote from these papers saying that he remembers. He says he put an ass to Rick next to my amy game. People can ask next to our game. That's right. Here's ass and uh and he can't wait to play a night. Hey Alfredo what are you reaching out of that t-shirt for? There's nothing there baby. Go ahead I'm sorry. So anyway Neil when I was in the pizza loft I also got uh the unplugged. Yeah. And there's a couple of bits on those that are just I just give you a little bit how many people get unplugged on pizza loft. There are a couple of cuts that do what? But I keep my pants. Beauty. I mean the one with uh the cider. Yeah. Oh man. That's great. That was uh the one Bob was playing on here. That's why he's not doing mornings anymore over there. Yeah. That's part of it. Plus the fact that he sucked and was depressing. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody hates him like poison including Adam. The end of his whole other rampage today man. He's out of control. You want to finish this show? I'll be glad to go home. I'll give you another couple hours. Come on. Come on Adam. What is it sir? Can I finish this show? Go ahead. Anywhere. You and Adam together I'll watch. Anyway uh the other two are really funny at a once at our the television show that gives away the uh let's say that they're gonna get you. You know what you're talking about? They're gonna go to what? They're gonna get you. I'm not gonna say the word because you're gonna knock me off. Oh, now you're talking about on the unplugging still. Right. They're okay. I'm moving forward and you're moving backward. Okay. They're gonna get you. Yeah. That's uh that was very good. So anyway did I have something to say? Was this our better to do? It was uh it was margin. Not bad. There was margin. And don't feel too bad after we kick your ass tonight. Okay. Man, I would love nothing better that they have the chargers kick the bath and die on national television. And eat and eat and don't think not out of playoff. Okay. We'll see. Call me tomorrow. Okay. I'll call you tomorrow. And if I'm not here you'll know the result of the game. So regardless I'm gonna call you tomorrow. Okay. Right. See you. Okay. There's a wise guy's of a charger fan but you never know. I'm not I'm not making any predictions because we've been very erratic and we're a classic choke team all of a sudden and I have no feeling about this game whatsoever. Naturally I would like us to surprise the crap out of me and win like crazy and go on and then all of a sudden make a little comeback. But I have no feeling about it. I'm just uh numb. Open line and Broward in two a day. Very spotty here on to stand it. You're all taking back a lot of crap. You're busy. You're getting your life reorganized again. Adam is gonna come in here and finish the show today because he's a superstar now. He was on with Marvin Saturday night and uh he says the jazz only heard 50 minutes of the show and it's spite of that went on and ripped them in ass and made all kinds of interpret and on uh I didn't hear the show so I can't say one way or the other. I thought it was great. I thought it sucked. Okay so now it's even now. I don't know what it was. We had the one guy who called he said it wasn't great. It wasn't bad but he enjoyed it. So what more can you want? But that Adam needs to take a couple of doggy downers and relax a little bit and not be so hyper next time assuming there was an next time. Now I don't know if they're gonna be are you being invited back or was that just a one shot deal? How about New Year's Eve? Huh? Who the hell in a right mind? We're gonna come in here and work on New Year's Eve. I would be surprised if they come back again for one more shot at this Saturday. Okay there you go. So all yours? Randy's on New Year's Eve. Not me New Year's night. Huh? Saturday New Year's night. You'll be straightened out by then. You can get it straightened out by then. 1123 a WIOD and WSUN. Ooh it's Rick and SUDS. Then it's six. It's Fortstock's six-tiff. Some stations give you cars. Some stations give you can. But this station is going to give you because we're going to give you a lot of fun. You won't have a car in the room. You'll just sing and rule all day all. Sing and rule through the sick. Just be the tenth color when you hear this sound. And we'll send station representative Dr. Joe then I've caused me now over to your house to pull on your parenting needles into your front-leaves. Surve them around a little bit and remove the portion of your brain that makes you worry about things like paying rents. You'll be happy it's a clear and just about as smart. This station accepts no responsibility in the event that Joe tonight. Exit Emily removed parts of your brain that are responsible for stink to control sex driver Cardiopalmonary functions. Be happy. Happy. Be flexible. Be happy. Be flexible. You're a chance to win. I love it 26. Boy that was a useful thing and we have an open line in day one and a broad. Here's clear water. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How's it going? Oh 10. Great. I started listening when that Y and F switched over for that week. Well how about that? I was I stuck around the other day as at the dentist office and the girl rents me and I said scorch court. The dentist looked at me. He said unbelievable. Really? He said do you listen to Neil? I said yes I do. We were both last and we were talking about different skits in the show. He said it's the same more people don't know about Neil. Yeah. I said I always say 620s my favorite station and people are like what's that? What's that? What do you say? Well I'm curious about one thing since nobody has faxed me anything and I do realize we're in the middle of the holiday so we have no mail and we have no faxes and we're kind of like in limbo here. But I'm really curious what the articles in the paper said when they because they sent out the release on Thursday wasn't about the Ronan Rom thing was Thursday. Yes it was in the paper two days in a row. Yeah articles about it pictures are on and on. Yeah a lot of exposure for 620 I think it's going to be great. Well well but what was the essence of it because basically what I understand is that they're promoting Ronan Ronan last at her and that I'm just kind of like a throwaway stuck in the middle there and getting no promotion as usual. You were one sentence. Right there you go. Neil right nice. I was looking for. I said you know what a bummer if they move Neil. Yeah because I think that you had the same audience. I think that it'll be perfect for you. I think though that I think the blobs actually are doing well in the afternoon. I think it'll be a different audience. So I think it'll do her entire thing. He's going to do he'll do his old FLA thing again and he'll get to the old FLA audience and I do mean old and he'll have a big number but it won't be the same crowd. Exactly but it'll still be good for 620 and they'll be getting a big share from all the slots. Right So I think it's going to work out very well and I think a lot of people are switching over to AM. And I think Ronan wants to do very well that one guy was saying. Well there's very few people that can get living and breathing listeners to switch from FM back over to AM. Exactly. I was able to do it in this market when I came from Zeta over to here and Ronan Ronan are going to definitely be able to do it over there in that market you know when they're going on issue went. But there are very very very few people who are like strong enough to move listeners from one station to another and especially from FM back over to AM. Exactly. I mean that's like almost impossible. I was really surprised I thought that put Ronan Ronan on toast because toast is going to pour it but I'm so glad to put it on sun. What do you mean they would put it on toast? Don't you understand? I've been trying to explain to you what their philosophy of FM is all about. They are not going to put a live talent show on any other FM stations. It's a jukebox. It is low overhead, crank out the hits, crank through the cash and that's their whole concept of FM. Believe me. I guess it's cheaper than I still can make money. That's all I care about. I thought I'll talk to care about and the fucking ears actually look decent yesterday. How about that? I saw a little bit of that pretty embarrassing. I wanted to draft the quarterback badly but now I'm actually ready to stick with the air. I think whether man just get him some Zeta cream he'll be all right. That's it. Have a great day. Okay Neil. See ya. See ya. Open line. I'm getting to say that pretty good up. See ya. If you get to say it like jazz then you get to do like a free dump down on a floor downstairs right outside the door. Open line and Broward five to four. So who got the assignment of cleaning that up by the way? I think that Cheryl should be forced as kind of like her reparations for how she screwed me over in Vegas. Which he still lying through her teeth about by the way. Oh I want to see a receipt from the hotel. I want to see your checkout receipt. Yeah. I just made it up. I just made it up then I was at the drop of can. All right. I wasn't really there. Okay. I made that up because I'm a hard ass and I wanted to create a problem. Right? Of course. Just give her a good brillo pen and centered downstairs. Here's my email. Yeah. Neil. I've got the St. Petersburg Times. Okay. December 24th. Yes sir. Entertainment section the article was headline the return of Ron and Ron and it's got those two douche bags in the picture up above the head and then it's got the whole story gives a whole bubblemights about what the hell they're doing and the last two paragraphs which are one line paragraphs say, Lisa or Elizer said that the station is still debating where and when to air Rick and Sudge which would be on tape regardless. WSUN will continue to air live the 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Neil Rogers and the 8 to 11 p.m. Randy Rhodes programs live from Wild and that's it. That's the only mention. What about Lancet? Well Lanceters got just a quick note that Lanceters moving that the show is moving up. Some other words the whole article is about Ron and Ron. Basically all it says two paragraphs above what I read it says Lanceters afternoon show will supplant WSUN's current live-signal cast of the Rick and Sudge show from Miami's WIOD also a cox property. He's been wanting to do afternoons stations of amateur Todd Lisa or said of Lanceters who could not be reached for comment on Thursday and that they're all the rest is Ron and Ron. So that's the whole thing. Well that's great we need all the build up we can for the lead and that's all I care about. Well listen all the best thanks for the great entertainment and deck them holes in multiple all. Okay. Take care. See you. Two other lines a day 7 5 1 WIOD how's our cell one line coming for the new year anybody got any new information about that? Not I get the feeling that Adam and Jazz don't like each other especially well yet that feeling just getting the link about that I could be Ron could be overreacting but I don't think so and we have one open line on the green line 1 800 9 4 4 Ron and Ron here's Tampa hello. Yeah what's happening but how you doing pali? Oh, oh first off got to agree with what you said about one or another on comes to son. Yep It's gonna open up the market for the younger people right a whole lot of drag over the living and breeding people that I want listening to the show bring them over to AM which other net it and which Cox has done nothing to do that any either one of them are kids they've done absolutely nothing to do that. Yeah anyway last year brought me to a you and Rick and Sats made me stay. Yeah you guys are great and I wanted to I don't know who chooses the tapes when you're not there in the place. Yeah but last Tuesday I tuned in came in from meeting and tuned in and got to hear one bill Bailey called you. Oh yeah and that's great he he sounds basically the same way he did back when I used to listen to yep years and years ago funny guy oh strange but a funny guy oh yeah he's a strange little dude yeah anyway you'll have me holidays degrees but okay see yeah I hope it on on a green line 1 and day 1 and Broward 1 on a star line looks like 4 to me as we tried desperately to put a few pieces together here and fake it through this whole week which is basically what it's going to be and let me say it again for anybody who tuned in late the big changes in Tampa take place next week nothing changes here yet yet when does it change here and what's it going to be god only knows and even he's got his doubts but next week Rick and Sats will be back from vacation jazz is doing our show this week and other than that see one of the things that this creates is a lot of friction because now we have this vulture syndrome which is should be very obvious to everybody where everyone is like hovering over looking to move into anywhere so we had this real combat of thing where Randy I'm sure would love to do the afternoon and I would like to see your get it because he deserves it and she would do a great job in there and jazz of course is like hovering over would like to do that but would also settle for night or anything that pays enough money to you know buy some dope and then we got Chris Baker was like hovering on the edges of the and everybody's like you know and everybody's in limbo which creates for a very bad situation and of course the audience is usual as up in the air and gets screwed over waiting to find out what's going on it's a miracle we got anybody left the way they've operated this thing last year and then Bob Green sits in there this morning well uh not yet not yet there's still by justing all that research that they got back a couple of weeks ago they're digesting all the big heavy duty research that they spent thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars on to see how they can unscrew what they've spent the last year screwing over and why did they screw it over because they spent thousands and thousands of dollars on research the first time that gave them the the go ahead to go screw it over. Criminal really is somebody in this company ought to be in jail right now. Here's Margate hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. Did you read the article about a week ago about and the ship's new changes she's doing over there working in the restaurant. They're only letting you drive the truck on a weekend out here. Well did you notice the article said she's the dominant anchor in the area? Dominant yeah in other words she's still on top when it comes to news anchors. Do you still have those cars? Uh yeah the cars of her. Of course. Oh you're a plan. Yeah but see nobody uh gives a crap about a land anchor with a anchor with a web how's that? Will uh whip her into shape? Can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah. I'm gonna call sale a full thing those douchebags. Okay thanks. See you. By the way how's the weather ferries doing during the holidays? How's he holding up? We have an open line in date 751 2 and Broward if you wonder why I keep pumping these numbers over and over again trust me I've been doing this more than one day and I can already feel it. It's 1136 at WiodWSUN. Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening this Saturday and Sunday morning right here. You got a dental floss. Firewood I don't want to be a fool. I don't want to be a fool. I don't want to be a fool. What was it? Was it inside the room? Was it? Yeah. But in other words, it just didn't quite make it. Well, listen, that happens to the best of us. So anyway, you got to dental floor. A stop green just comes in here and he's got a message. This TV is driving me crazy. If they don't stop with a second-electrap they're put on here, it keeps like flashed and flashed and I keep thinking I'm inhaling some exotic erotic substance that was left in here over the weekend. I mean, I'm going nuts from this already. Anyway, here's a message for Bob Green from David Paul on the label. It says, use me while someone else is on vacation. I'm the light bulb beauty. Okay, David. Right in here. Maybe David could come in and just leave a little pile downstairs. We have two open lines. They're both in Broward where they just absolutely refuse to speak five to four. But man, you hear our hips throughout tell you that. Here's curl cable. Hello. I'm the light bulb. It is. How's it going now? Okay. I've tried listening to jazz. Yes. I'm sure you have as well. Yes, you have. I listen all week at long. Sure. But it's the same old bits from when he was on Hot 105 as McHandham in McMorna. You know, something I didn't know that was who that was. You know, because I know Jim Skyler very well. In fact, I'm surprised Skyler hasn't called to reveal something about all of this. Already, weren't they on together? I don't know when he was on. Yeah, they did the mornings together on Hot 105 back when I was on INZ. And for the life of me, it didn't seem to me that the McHandham morning who was over there was like a Biker, druggy jailbird, whatever else it is that he is. It just seemed like a little different ambiance. Well, same old clubs. I was talking about the other stuff. Is that it? You know, he'd how he fell into the position. I mean, they already had the jingle package ordered for another McHay when that fell through. And over a weekend, he became McHay. Sure. I call my name that. And I know we're no prime at all. I see. Okay. I just wanted to know if his wife was one of the women that he met at the club paradise. Club paradise, what the hell is that? Paradise Island? Is that it? Paradise Islands in the Bahamas. Some place used to go some strip joint. No, Paradise Island is like casino in the Bahamas. That's not it. You can strip their can't you. His wife was a stripper. Exactly. Yeah. Well, I don't go back to what I was trying to say. It all kind of fits together. And I don't know if it's the big picture. Okay. I'm labeled. Okay. See ya. Okay. We have an open line today. What the hell was he talking about? I'd say one thing. Jazz is sure got him stirred up out there. He sure stir in the pot. He may miss it occasionally, but he stir in it. Now, how do we automatically know that was him? He's out there listening right now. He's going to come on this afternoon and accuse me of accusing him of things that we have no proof of. It may have been somebody totally unconnected with that show. Maybe one of the boardops who may have been one of Amanda's kids who may like drop the load on the floor. You never know. Let's end Adam down there to inspect it a little more closely. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. First of all, a long time, Lister's like a time caller. Okay. I didn't want to thank you on Christmas Eve. You played the accreditation. Yes. Contest. Dylan Christmas Day. We had a big party here. We took about 14 minutes out of our day. We played it and it was just hilarious. We were like, you didn't. You didn't. I've listened it for a long time and every holiday you play it. And I never have a tape and finally finally. Finally finally. Well, it's great. I really enjoyed it. Okay. One more thing. Yeah. Can I call somebody a day or two back? Go ahead. See you. We have an open line in the Starline Starline. The All 3 in Broward again. 5-2-4. Forget it. Let's go to Clearwater. Hello. Clearwater. Gone. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. First of all, you're right. The bears have never had a good offense. They always have a defense. Yeah. Always dirty and have a tough defense. And always mind up in games that are like 7-3, 10-9, stuff like that. Boring. They're a very strange team. However, I must say to contradict myself that the best team I ever saw was the 85 bears. 85 bears? Absolutely. They went 15-1. You'll make sure that's where the dolphins beat them on Monday night. The Monday night, right? Yeah. They were. That was a super team. I have to admit. They were tough. Uh, Ron and Ron. Uh, I hate to see it. I'm a Bob fan. Uh, I was a Ron and Ron fan and I got a little tired of it. After about a year, it was the same thing. And I switched over to Bob. That was going to move Bob. You always listen to. By the way, you are catching the mid audience. I had a fellow I worked with. It surprised me. He came up and he came up. I'm catching a one. The mid audience. Mid 25. Oh. Okay. I had a guy that I was. We suddenly could use radios at work. And everybody's listening to rock and roll. And I'm listening to talk radio. And I'm talking to him. When you listen to this. And six months later, the guy comes right here. He goes, you know who Neil Rogers is? Yeah. He's a riot. I just said, the guy I was trying to tell you about. So he's listening. See, the only problem is because I already know like Ron and Ron have all this promotion. They get over here on Zeta. All these TV spots and all these billboards. And the same thing is going to happen over there. And they're going to get a ton of promotion. The only thing is I'm going to be just like after birth again. You know, if by osmosis, some of their people stick around and find me by accident. That'll happen. And I'm sure a lot of them will listen to the show. But in terms of getting any promotion, they're getting any TV coverage. You're in any meaningful promotion over there. I'm sure it's not going to happen. No, you're not. Just like it doesn't happen over here. I'm going to give you maybe you picked up 10 percent. And I think I'll be in generous. Yeah. You yourself. Well, I think it'll help. No, it's not. But. And as far as Bob, I want something from Bob, last with her. Yeah, that's great. You know what I was? I want to miss Howard Stern. New Year's Eve party on vision cable. Oh, yeah. How was it? Great. Was it great? What's on it? Not on yet. New Year's Eve? Oh, it's the New Year's Eve thing. I kept thinking it was I'm the last week of Christmas. Oh, it's coming up. Is that's right. Okay. I'm not paying 40 bucks for it. What neither am I. I got it. Okay. Great. And hockey by the way, I would like to read you this out of the Safety Time Sports. Fast. Lightning fall. Three to one. Shake up promise. Okay. Chris. See ya. Good to kick it. See ya. Bye. Oh, on a Bob's people. We have an open line in Broward 5241 on the Sterline and one on the Green Line and 1-800-944-49463. Let's do Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, come on. Yes, sir. I'm going to get back to hockey. Okay. Do you think most teams can are getting more offensive when they're defending against the power play? Not you remember teams used to just form the parameters around the net and watch as the other team attack. No, not at all. I remember back in the days for example, Bob, you're a Derek Sanders in both of the Bruins used to score enormous amounts of short handed goals. I can remember when the David Keyon scored a lot of short handed goals for the Maple Leafs. No, I don't think so at all. I think the quite the contrary. You don't see as many short handed goals now as we used to see. I know I know because we've been we've been so excited since hockey started and we've seen a lot of games. We've watched a wish there were more on television to start with. I mean, at first month or so, it seemed like the opposition for the Panthers was getting like real short handed. You know, getting offensive minded when they were short handed. You think that's one of our biggest weaknesses we don't set up quick enough for the power play? No, I think the power play is coming along. It's one of those things that takes time. And I think with all the injuries that we've had it made it very difficult. But I think it's coming along. And when Niedermire comes back, which is supposedly for the N-hime game on New Year's day, thank God, I think it'll get back in the shape. I mean, one of the things that people don't seem to realize or maybe some of them are remembering is that we've played this well over these last, I mean, we're like six, two and two in the month of December, which is almost over. And we've played for the last several weeks without Niedermire who's probably our best offensive player. You got quite a future. What do you mean 19, right? 19, what are you, teacher? Well, anyways, we enjoy it. If you're there, New Year's, we hope to see it. I'll be there, trust it. How did it be? Okay, you too. Don't forget, we got that Anaheim game. It's an unusual start. It's 205 on New Year's day. But they're going to be a Jillian people, they're especially a lot of little kids. Oh, that's another thing. I don't want to pick on Rick Wally's on vacation this week. Maybe he's in town, so I'll pick on him anyway. I know, suds did. Nice going, suds. Rick is in here on that last Thursday before they went on vacation, talking about how his kid wants a mighty ducks t-shirt. I would put my foot so far up that kid's ass that when he would have leather coming out of his tonsils. I'll tell you that right now. Mighty ducks t-shirt, my ass, and like suds said, and suds ain't even a hockey fan, much less a real sports fan to begin with. He says, oh, gee, I thought we had our own team. Get him a panther's jacket or a panther's jersey. You jack ball, you idiot. Once a mighty duck shirt. That Disney man, I'm telling you, Disney could go downstairs right now. And that whatever it was that was left that residue that's down there, that gigantic pile. He could market that and sell it for a million dollars. That's just a Disney people. They could market any kind of crap and make it into gold. And the same with that mighty duck crap. What is that? A package from Al Goldstein. It says Milky Way Productions on the front. And if you open it up on the inside, Scourge Gork got the coming attractions. It's 1149 at WIO D&WSUN. Tonight, after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike. You suck radio stick, shit. You know who you are, L-T. Look what I got. From Al Goldstein, my perverted friend. It's one of those things that you open up the envelope and then there's like a package. You open up the package and there's a box, you open up the box and there's another package. It's one of those things we have to open up like five or six things. The pepper snat, a patch, Tennessee, tipsy cake. There is anyone of these? It's like a little spice cake and it's been soaked in genuine smooth black label. Jack Daniels, Tennessee, Sip and Whiskey. So they call it the pepper patch, Tennessee, tipsy cake and it's pretty good. And by about one thirty man, we'll be ready for a jazz. You know what I'm saying? Boy, you can just smell that baby and the cake too. Here's Tampa, hello. Deal. Yes sir. How you doing? Bottom up. First time caller. Okay. And how about those schmucks? Yeah. How about that, huh? That's not of their ass. That's you enjoy the game, I was late. I didn't go. You didn't go? Watched it on TV. No, I did not go because the game turned out to be a seven thirty five star. I got all the way up to Palm Beach. I looked at my tickets and saw it. I thought it was a six o'clock game and I saw the starting time and I slammed on a break. And I turned right around on the way back home. Watched it on TV. Oh, well, it was, uh, I was, uh, caught the last few minutes on TV. Yeah. When the whiteening tried that, huge planning power play. Yeah. And, uh, God, what the prepatetic those people. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. Pretty weak. Beezer was outstanding. I mean, fantastic saves. Oh, God. I was, I was, I was, I was, I was good. Yeah. Yeah. He was good. Um, shameless request. Yes, sir. Uh, a couple, uh, couple little things from my girlfriend. Uh, a sports board. I'm already got. Yeah. Worked. There's one. A sports court. And, uh, I know from what does name. Well, what is that? What kind of request are that? It's just, you know, I use them on her occasionally. And I wanted to hear the real thing. Oh, no. She probably uses that one on you more often. I would imagine. Um, listen, have a great day, pal. Thank you, sir. See, yeah. Okay. Get the search party out. We have an open line in date. One in Broward and one on a green line. Do we have a folk, by the way? Do we have a little folk in there? Huh? What do you mean you don't know? I'll find one. I'll guarantee if we had like real food in here. You'd find one faster. You can say, uh, I need my own personal fork. But I know you don't. Actually, you can say bum fillups or buddy Ryan. I think my mind is definitely starting to go now because like that bum fillups buddy Ryan thing I did. And then last week with the numbers on the bills players. And then, you know, when you're starting Alzheimer's at kicks in like real graduate, then all of a sudden you wake up on morning and start calling yourself by a different name. Oh, look at that beautiful. Why do you want a piece of this, too? Huh? You're going to get like sick from this. George is like loaded with booze. It's just like dripping in it. Look at that. And heavy. Feel how heavy that is. Huh? What do you mean go ahead and dig in? I'm going to get right out of the tin. I'm just going to eat one little piece. It's got too much booze, man. It's soaked and booze. And I don't even like booze, but boy, I sure is good. Goes down smooth. Here, where's my motorcycle jacket? Here's highly, hello. Hey, yeah. I think Adam is a little wolf. Little whiny wolf. Yeah. Hey, a jazz didn't ribble. He didn't ribble me. He complimented the show. Yeah. It better than Drew Michaels, you know? Yeah. Mike, Marvin, didn't speak enough. You know, I listen to their show. Mm-hmm. Marvin, didn't speak enough. Mm-hmm. Are you eating? Yeah. I'm listening. Eating and listening. And as far as running running, I mean they're all right, but they've got to get rid of their fuzzy guy. Yeah. That's like really, you know, pretty weak. Every time I hit. Ha ha ha ha. Well, he said he was sorry, okay? Love means never happened to say what he said. I'll tell you that stuff. This, okay, I don't know what see this is another thing. Food. This goddamn algal steam, my good friend from a screw magazine, and midnight blue, and Mr. Poorno expert who doesn't know Peter North from Terry Wells. It sends me food because the man is like obsessed with food. I haven't seen him lately, but the rumor has it that he's bigger than ever. Then he's like a house that they have to have new zoning laws, not for his house, but just for him in Pompano. Here's St. Peter'sburg. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. What did talk to you real quick? I've got a chance to call you. I remember when you're going to shut off the 1,800 numbers because no one's calling. Do you remember that? Yeah. And I had to say this, even though no one calls. The ability to reach out and talk to such a standing individual as yourself, and I'm not sucking up. Yeah. I mean something that doesn't. Over here, that's very true that you've been able to pick up that phone. So don't ever come up even even if the people don't call. You know, that's the thing. They gotta be able to feel that one of us looking. Lisa, that's it. I'm really ripping on me. Huh? You're ripping on me. Not at all. But do me a favor. I'm just holding on real tight, man. Okay. I'm just holding on to you. Go ahead. Play that Michael Jackson interview that you guys kind of made true. Yeah. For me. I'm looking at you. I'll see if I can find it. If you could, sir. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Bye-bye. What happened that thing by the way, George? Uh, that's that. That. I feel just like jazz now. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have got. All that I have to give is my penis, my brother's, my lord torso, thighs, and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world. What happened all the time there? That damn fact, I can't stand it. Oh, thank you. Two other lines in date, one in the broward, one on the Sterline. Where is that goddamn cellular one line? We wanted it and we wanted it now. Okay. And the line two. I'm gonna, I'm telling you something, man. This is no joke. I'm getting bombed out of my skull. You guys had to like two little bites of this thing. When they say this thing is soaked in jackdain. Those are not just kidman. I mean, soaked. It is just dripping over here. Look at that. Look at the residue on the counter here from that thing. It's just loaded with booze, man. Hey. Here's Carl Gables. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. First I wanted to compliment you on your heart. A little port of a lot of these local sports teams. You're very, very supportive of the heat and the panthers. It should probably give you a heat. My amy heat. No way. You don't like the heat? No. I thought you talked about that. No way. Well, the panthers. I'm sorry. I said, what's your are you listening to? I don't like the heat. Although they did win their 56th and the row. They're over 500. I was making an assumption. You should probably be given complimentary free passives to the panther games. Yeah, sure. That's right. You're a big supporter. I would like to air a grievance though. I'm not sure if you're a rest of your listing public will not fall prey to what has happened to me over the last two. Okay. You got one minute. Okay. Flawing down from New York and some of these new charter flights that they have. Yeah. And lieu of how popular South Beach has become. The name of the can I take say companies name or no. Okay. Well, just say a charter airline where they fly anywhere from about $106 to $200 round trip. Yeah. And still waiting for my luggage, which has now been two days in counting. And I'm sitting in what has been an outfit that probably should have been thrown in. Because I've yet to find the new set of clothes that I'm going to go shopping today. And it's just ridiculous. I mean the way they operate these airlines. They try to market a valuable service and no get me wrong. To fly down to Florida for $200 is a pretty good fare. And then they lose your luggage. So, so in other words, you expected for that kind of money. You'd fly down here and also find your luggage. I know. Amazing. A little bit naive, I would say sir. Well, I know you. I think you've learned a valuable lesson. You can count it as an entanglement. Like several hundred dollars worth. Yeah, exactly. Well, actually, you know, I'm just hoping now that they've reimbursed me from my luggage. Okay. Well, listen, inhale right now and we'll let you know what to let it out. And your breath, too. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station. New stock radio's 16. WIO. My heavy Ford Latterdale. A real old mother in Britain. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. This is Melissa Harmon, 610 WIOD news. We're going to start seeing that the wind coming off the water a little bit more. So it's going to warm and we're going to see some more clouds. I mean, you're all just Bob Soper, complete forecast in a couple of minutes. Also, along the way, a Skywatch 610 traffic update. The racking officer, Stacey Cooen and the officer that did most of the blowing on the head. Lawrence Powell. Oh. New stock radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger show to talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward 524 WIOD outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD and Belself mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star IOD. Now, the Neil Roger show on New stock radio's 610 WIOD. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Hey, guys, some stations get you concert tickets. Some stations get you dinner for two. But we're going all the way. All right. Because we're going to get you live. You're with. Forget about the fancy dinner. Forget about the pricey car. They're all about one thing anyway. And we're cutting for right to the chase. We're going to get you live. You'll be doing the nasty for a rama. Just be the third color when you hear this sound. And we'll fix you up with a fifth of Scott's and a blind tick on a drinking problem. Works every time. Garen T. To get you live. Employees of this station and their families are not eligible to get laid. The station assumes no responsibility for disease, pregnancy, long-term attachment, staff or other collateral damage that may result from you, counting. Get laid. Or get lost. Keep listening to win. Your marriage takes us to after each day. We'll see how rifts. Norton is going to be tonight. Of course we'll have your dolphin game on your night. Montwey, which starts probably at six o'clock with the pre game festivities for hours and hours and hours with the football forplay, where they kind of like, funnel the foreskin. And then at nine o'clock man kick off time. Your big money that football. Some of us of course will be watching at Papadau Park. Don't forget by the way. We got a nice racing card tonight at Papadau Park. Then dark tomorrow. Then starting Wednesday. We have this amazing thing. We're going to have 16 opportunities to plunge your guts out every night. 16, 13 live races on track. And then three cymbal cast from the metal lands where you'll be betting into their pools, which are like separate. And then a chance to bet into the metal lands pick seven, which is thousands of thousands of dollars to a jackpot every night. Starting Wednesday. Here's what kind of a phone is that? What is that? They all went for lunch now. Okay. Let's take these two or three. We'll play some music. Here's Davey. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay. Holiday greeting. Smack to you. Hey, that card you have with Michael Jackson? Yes. You know, what is wrong with his mouth? Maybe he used it too much. Listen to how he says lower torso when he says lower. Okay. Wait a minute. Let's listen to it again. I always say the way to know he says it. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have. All that I have to give. My penis. My brother's. My lower torso. Thighs. And any other error? Well, sounds like he's got like his tongue stuck in there. He got stuck in there. Yeah. I think he's got like a call. Uh huh. Hey, I got more things. Yeah. Davey Owl Goldstein could hook me up with Peter Gors. Okay. I see you. Scored, Scored. Bye. Okay. Look at that phone now. The three green lines are lit. Thank God for our people on the west coast. That's all I can say. And that's it. All are their seven lines, which is why we have no numbers anymore in the Amimi market because we have no audience left anymore over here. All three day lines wide open, 751, all three and Howard 524, and even a star line at star ID, nothing, not a zippity doodah, zero, shut out. Beautiful. I'm moving to Tampa myself. Here is the bell grade. Hello. I'm sorry to hear that I get possession of myself. So I have to be able to speak. Then I ask the person who just went through the company and the light, which of all the sex was right and which I should join. Tampa. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Listen, lastator said on his glass show, Yeah. That he was thinking about doing some changes for the afternoon drive. Uh-huh. And I've got a lot of guests on like starting to do some geriatric talk. Going back to topics and doing the old FLA routine on S.U.M. He didn't say he just said that he was, uh, it was going to be fun. Yeah. That'll be a lot of fun. And that he was going to change the floor or he didn't say he was going to change for me. He's sinewated. Anyway, Jazz, I was wanting to give you a show this weekend. Yes, I did. He mentioned that he had someone asked him, what does he ride? And he said he didn't ride anything that he drove in 83 cattle act with a gold paint job and a blue top. Really? Yeah. And I was just wondering, I mean, that's a hell of a ride. Can you imagine that? Jazz going down the street with a bung in his cattle act? Yeah. Listen, I hope they put Rick and said it on the overnight because Randy Rose sucks and the Leafs suck too. See you. Good one. Great call there. Beautiful. There's another one of our good pizons. Like I said, thank God for them. Uh, this is going to be real short show today. Is that him still in the building? Let's go to Hellenale on the Sterlin. Hello. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That was quick. Yeah. Everybody's going to be real quick today. We got no calls. The two hours. And it's the end. I don't know if I'm here. I just wanted to kill some good at time and say that Brian Cox belongs in the W. W. F. Not the NFL. Uh-huh. That's about it. Okay. Neil? See you. Yeah. New year. All three day lines wide open. I'm not going to fight this. This is ridiculous. Okay. Holidays come. We had a pretty interesting week last week and spite of the pre holiday. We gave away all the hands to week before it. And spite of the fact we had nothing to give away last week. We made our okay. In the summer some of our full Przyuiano Movement were getting more ready and moreступ. We did, a lot of mistakes. But you also hit me. I feel like just we also did a good things with good things like this. All three days if each goes side by side by side and we just have to stop talking about things. I'm going to stay here to do these things again. Okay. High United team. Welcome in the newsי�abisGity village goals. Thank you guys for havingxt menu right? Thanks a lot.hold, congratulations. Thank you. Mister here. I also was very shocked. Thank you for the fun. Please let us know in the comments. My heart is stinging on you. 12 13 and W. I did the good news is from the west coast that Brian the board up who used to be our board up is now no longer the board up Which we had to fight out from a listener because nobody over there tells us anything and he's like the overnight news ace Can you imagine him doing the news on the air? I mean, let's get serious So he's doing like to fly by night news overnight and he's no longer the board up over there and he's just like a chronic collar on a weekend I guess and doing overnight news nice going Brian. Put you up Here's a mobile in for a lot of nail hello a deal. Yeah, I realized a little slow today I got a buffalo bill fan story here went into by a card a name dealership last weekend for a When he's real miles of me. I use card job The guy was so busy and he was such a buffalo fan that he okay to deal without running it up on the adding machine Well, I went in to go because I'm the deal They forgot to add in CL tax and dealer prep and he wanted to know why I wouldn't let him adjust it He rag me the whole day about that game so They'll grow your dish bag. I beat you on the card deal anybody else in F.D. Hell truck See you. Yes, fuck okay Man, this is overwhelming today. You know it two open lines of date 751 to it bright and we had a woman call today at all We did Now I'm not talking about the lady from Atlanta because she's from out of town. I'm talking about from in town. Have we had one? No, not one Orlando New God. Yes, sir. Hey. I was in the game. I think where were you man? I was not there. I saw this 20 feet and row Uh-huh those were the ones those were the one Where were you your sick? No, I was not sick. I looked at do I how many times do I have to give this stories? Oh, I'm over again Yeah, I'm afraid I missed a god. I have a life I was working the game was originally supposed to be a 605 which is the only reason that would have driven up there under any circumstances And I get I'm on the turn pack in for some reason that possessed me to look into my pocket I've looked at the tickets and I see 735 on a tickets and I thought what the hell is this? They changed it again I got off on the term. What do you mean my money? I didn't pay for it. That's the real This is my feet for it. Oh Yeah, if they can afford Ron and Ron for millions and millions they can afford to blow a hundred bucks on two tickets That I didn't use I even had some good stuff for you, man. Did you I had a disk for you Of what a disk of some hot stuff Uh-huh. You still want it in the disk too? Sure. Okay. What you had just W I O D Miami three three one four one three three one four one right on right at down Okay, can you play that Harry carry thing for me? Harry carry thing hey Neil You if you yeah don't talk about the gators that way I know and they suck I don't see what's Virginia though because I'm a big no Hey, Neil You okay give me that grab give me the crap. I'll send it to you That's what I'm talking about okay see we have an open line and the green line one and Broward and two and date very very Spotty Monday and like I said I said it right at the beginning. I know what the story is See these other shows basically what I'm doing now. This is history anyway Talking to people on the foot. No, it is. I know what you're smirking about talking to people on the phone is history All of these shows that are coming around. I like Ron and Ron They take a few calls here in air. They don't even put them on live They tape my head at time while they're playing these long records They tape all the calls. They put nothing on your life and they're like two guys They got their characters and it's stick and That's what shows are becoming now as opposed to this actually expecting like verbal intercourse from the audience out there because it doesn't happen Hi Lisa and welcome back from Okay Where I didn't go any Oh how exciting here's a mobile in my book. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah, how you doing okay? Great Listen, I just got a question for you. I heard you talking a little earlier today about the Panthers We've been really trying to follow it my wife and I in the game too and You talked about the one game out of being like a 500 game. Yeah. I don't understand I don't know what's a point so I but I don't know what you mean by the what is that? 500 yeah I mean how what how is that rated how do they get this 500? Let's say you play ten games, okay? You win five right you lose five okay? It's 500 oh That's what that means yeah, oh, okay. I mean they win as many as they've lost They won 14 they've lost 15 and they've tied five and if they win the next game they'll be 500 Oh, I got even oh I see okay, well, listen we love your show. Okay up the good work. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Uh-huh. Doddy your a douchebag. Okay. Thanks, see you. Bye. Obviously an algebra major There no question about that We have two open lines in date seven. So let me ask you John. What's this icing thing, John? I'm gonna tell you something. Let you know a little secret. I turned on the radio while I was watching TV just because I'm a master kiss and to see how angry I could get There was a point in the game last night between our Panthers and a lightning. There was a point from like Two minutes and 45 seconds left in the game till about less than a minute during which Chris Moore never mentioned in In fact he never mentions any names. Oh, it's out in the front the light he got a chance they not get it to the quarter and other Panthers get it out He doesn't mention any names because the game is too fast. He's incompetent. He's incapable of broadcasting our sport. He cannot do it And there are points in which you're asking yourself like is the game going on now or are he in one hand talking is there like a stop in the action and like oh They almost knocked in their own net. Okay. Well, they almost knocked it in their own net, but now like who's got it? Did B's are get it? Where is it is the game going on? It's stopped the brand betting almost knocked it in his own net, but let's go and on now Chris Chris Nothing absolutely nothing and when I finish watching the games at the arena I get my car and I have no idea why I still keep doing this you're turning on Randy every time But I keep subjecting myself because I'm a master kiss to that crap after the game and when they start going on about stuff that they have no idea that they're talking about I get so angry and I hear those butt kissing callers and that goes back to what I've said about most callers Whether it's on a talk show a sports show cat calls as calls whatever it is It's the same crap. They just want to suck around. Oh You guys are doing such a great job, and all you make it so exciting. They're not doing a great job They don't tell you what the hell is going on How can you win out so hockey game and not give the names of any other players even if you just read if you off the score card would be something even if they weren't on the ice Oh, it's out in front. It's in the corner. It's over here. It's in the slotted center on it get it out What is that? What is that? I'll tell you what it is like Bill Monroe used to say on meet the press until they discovered he had a heavy New England accent and couldn't speak It's an abaction is what it is. It's an abaction And you assholes that you butt sucking fools that call him up after those games Oh, gee, Chris and John you guys are doing such a great job man. I've never heard such exciting broadcast. Yeah, huh? suck this It's 1221 a Wildn WSUN gets the latest news from the 610 Wildn you center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast Hey, I've got what the panthers are ready. When the hell those are baseball season begin anyway There comes a time in the young woman's life when she has to ask questions mom I have to ask you a personal question. Do you do sure I do I use vinegar and water live vinegar and water? Because silly I'm Italian hidden valley douche in Italian French ranch or new chunky blue cheese 1223 a Wildn We have an open line in date one on the sterile and sterile d1 and bar with some asshole on a mobile already dropped off Here's another mobile in plantation hello Neil yes, sir. Hey long time listen first time call. I got to tell you you got me into the panthers big time I like them a lot of been to a bunch of games. Yeah, what I need to ask you though is I'm confused about something I know you can answer that what is 500 all though five point. Yeah, I'm aware of them. And what is icing? I think I'm aware of all so what how is it possible for Chris more to be so bad? Well that's on a question man. I have more than a hand to be so unknowledgeable and such an asshole No, what I need to know is when they have a face off at all the sudden they decide to change the players who are gonna have to face off Right, what what what makes that happen is the rough to side out or why lines been kicks him out if they drop their stick to said They move out of position too soon and lines been as early moody kicks their ass out and then someone else is randomly comes into position That position. Yeah, okay Because I was at the range of game the other night and happened a few times that I was clueless Yeah, we're not kidding as much as we in the first month or so of the season Man, we were getting especially knee tomorrow was getting kicked out of the face off like over and over and over and over again over anxious Okay, because I was watching I just didn't know why they can also some of the lines been I mean I just surly and they just it just slows down the game I mean just drop the damn thing and stop waiting for the perfect you know It's like the Elector ballet dancers on ice or something just if they're like close to where they should be Drop the goddamn thing and get the game going again. You know, but some of these lines been our real silly bastards talk a little power trip You know, I agree I just haven't seen that before and I wasn't sure why I agree It's a great game, but it's great when they beat the range the other night. That was an awesome game Rainous moment in our hit in our short history. Yeah. I'm sure the B is very happy about that Yep, that was your one more thing here. You know you recommended pizza chef to us right and I've been having I live out in plantation also and I've had a few times and it was great lately It's been dry and crusty. I'm telling you really how about the pizza? This is a pizza too, right and I went to originally tell but Neil said me it was terrific and all the sudden It's not the same pizza chef and I just want you to know that really I don't know if you had recently Experienced I want about two weeks ago. I would say it was really good. It was yeah Well, it's just something and it's funny with had like three or four times and it's been like that It has not been like the first couple of times and you were really push shape up over there at pizza chef I'm gonna get one this week just to test it out because I get deliver all the time All right. Well, you shouldn't hate keep up the great work Okay, see you And I do pay for it by the way. I'm not looking for any freebies. I do pay for my pie. Okay We have two open lines in Broward five two four. I got such heartburn from that booze man this man is like What is there to say about that man? He's like food intensive. He's like obsessed with it I thought he's supposed to be the sex expert expert He could have sent me something better wrapped up in a package something like more like that Okay, what have been really nice so by the way how's Chris doing? Anyway, let's go to It's a four-lock nail. Hello. How you doing? People call it you about oh, what's this? What's the black thing to hit around? What's I see blah blah blah? I got some form to hit over the battery Robust ripped a video. Yeah, it's a y'all about it. Right. That's that's what Moynihan should tell these assholes with those stupid cat calls If you're that dumb, you don't even know what icing is yet go out get 50 cents and write the video and stop putting us in a Como with his crap. Absolutely correct. I got one more thing for you deal yeah, Chris more you freaking suck Okay, all right, you'll see yeah God That's the guard you're just came you have to keep dipped in that booze on the way in here For something he dipped in something I can smell it Where is you know this rack here? I think all the stuff that we got in this rack back here has kind of like faded into oblivion You know that I'm even ever even looking at that thing anymore And there might be some interesting crappener like for example this Yeah, I like that We're now is it Let's do a mobile in Miami hello on a broader line hello Oh, sorry about that asshole. Hey, I was eating driving in On your same time and I mungle over myself nice any out eaten I was eating Wendy oh juicy yeah, juicy and greasy and very money on the shirt. I love it Two things actually two or three things the first thing is I want to take you again for the bro and tickets I love I love Wendy's but it gives me that Yeah, but that's what I need after this all the food. I need this we can I need a good oh good anyhow About your program. Listen to everything this weekend Let's see Yes, I'm trying to drop my radio so my confused here. Okay. Okay. We're off Jazz like a lie. Do yeah. Yes. I think he's excellent Adam and Marvin Marvin and Adam the El Rogers and such show or whatever you want to call it There need a lot of practice a lot of work no more teams just put them on a seven of tapes. Don't get it eventually okay As far as we're on and run over there. Oh, I was up in Orlando this weekend You know why that radio station is terminal it sounds like AM the news everything's just it's so bland What do you mean S.U.N. Yeah, I've listened to it for the first time and I you know I hear all this stuff living down here about S.U.I. and I never listened to it But overall it's just it's so tiny everything's tiny. No music no sounds with the news I heard a promo for blob Who would listen to it after listen to the promo it was Terminal to say the least but Jazz vacation very excellent is it? Yes Rick and Sugs and yourself are always excellent as usual Don't listen to Randy too much because I'm just I can only be in the car so many days hours either day. Yeah, but I say hookup jazz for the morning Jazz for the morning. Yeah. Wake everybody. Oh my god. You got to be in Lala Hey, well, personally I think we kind of screwed up by not getting run and run heavy drug dosen. What do you can't get run and run your insane that we can't do that? Let me tell you something seriously Ron and Ron couldn't lick Howard's ass, okay? And if I'm gonna say the same thing I said on Friday if this company wants to make that kind of commitment to AM radio Like they're doing in Tampa they would have spent the same money or less money because he was running And Ron the reason that comes out to be so much is both guys make basically the same and then they got all these other flunkies that they they pay out of their own deal So between a tool and they're like about a million dollars a year almost, okay? So they're making a gigantic commitment for a half a million a year in each market They could have had Howard and Ron and Ron couldn't lick his follicle. I'm telling you On his one-hours worst day That Howard But if you're not gonna put Howard on the morning, so where you gonna put on that gets Ryan Ron All right, I mean I'm 27 years old. I make decent living. I'm in the car. I listen I go to some of your advertisements. I'll tell you who I would put on I would I would go to Indianapolis and make Bob and Tom such an offer that they couldn't turn it down They would blow anybody in this market. They would do a 15-year, okay? They make all of these people were talking about pale and the wind significance and including Howard, okay? Okay, they make them all pale and the wind significance and I keep hearing all they don't want to ever leave there They're making too much money. I'd pay them so much money and put them on both stations And they couldn't refuse the best they are the best in the business in the morning as well Bob and Tom they're running DNA Bob and Tom. What's your matter? We used to play their stuff before Rob Of course well, there you go Bob and Tom in the morning Midday yeah, Rick and son yeah, and then Ready yeah, or do you want to have jazz? No, I don't want to have I mean look I'm not trying to say I don't want to have jazz at all. I said put rain under the presence circumstances For Randy on an afternoon because he would be on only here and last it or over there which makes sense and then Have sports talk on in both markets and then have jazz on a night in both markets live That works. Yeah, works big because he do a big mark a big number over there. He would do okay here. Let me ask you another question. Yeah They get stuff you can't play right can Rick and son play it now. They're not on an issue when Yes, they can yeah, yes Okay, but that but that but that's assuming that well no matter where they are if they go to the morning or wherever they are They're gonna be able to play you see and I never thought about that that's great I know I was kind of hoping they would dump you too so get it all back. Yeah, right Thanks a lot, pal If I didn't let me tell you something if I didn't have the calls for my friends on a west coast I'd be I'd be dumped all together over here because I can't I can't buy a call and data Broward anymore Hey, I'll give you the $2 a day dump. Yeah, that's okay, you're right, okay Anyhow, he closing yeah, let me play you something management research says oh Yeah Excellent call two open lines both in Broward five two four and one on the green line see I hate to keep rehashing but I'll do it anyway because it's the holidays a lot of people have been in and out so to speak And I touched on this on Friday if this if this company had any kind of common sense at all since you've got two AM stations That are both in a state of flux with an L and They're making big changes on S. U.N. and there no question there are going to be some changes here what they are for sure We don't know we can speculate I don't know But wouldn't you think that they would coordinate it and that they would have a gain plan that they had these big meetings in Atlanta They got all this research two or three weeks ago Wouldn't you think that they would all sit down Bob Neil and Bob Green and the Todd Lacer and put Tom Belvedre Whoever these mighty powers these the brain trust that they would sit down and they would decide based on what would be equally Productive in both markets since we pretty much have a cooperative kind of thing going Went to the side figure that would be the way to do it. Yeah, no not here So now we reach the point where Bob Green says to me this morning. Well, no whatever we're gonna do it ain't gonna be here next week not yet So not only don't I know for sure what it is, but it ain't gonna be next week Whereas they're gonna do their thing over their next week, but they don't know what they're gonna do after six o'clock at night Wouldn't it be nice if somebody would talk to Randy and tell them what they're gonna do after six o'clock at night? Wouldn't that be like something she might be interested in? Yeah, but it just it continues to be just a half-assed Here's Lakeland hello Yeah, speaking of half-assed beauty bird junior here's my me Lake, hello Hi, energy day on the old yeah I'm kind of question for I'm down here visiting from from Detroit for the holidays. Yes, sir I tell you these people down here and they would know a hockey puck from a bunch of One's that five hundred yeah, that was that was kind of weird Yes Oh, I got all right. I got I got a deal for you I'm the gee and I'm the sad part of it is we got a hell of a nice team to it. That's really sad Great, I mean, I've been all found in the newspaper. Everything like that doing all right. I get a deal for you I am the GM of the Red Wings you're the GM of the Panthers. Yeah, I sense Steve I'm in will take him right now For the bezer and your number one draft right now will give you if it's Patrick and number one draft you Yeah, okay, I'll do it Now tell you what will I will send you a half an arm you send us but Lynch How's that yeah, he's doing the P.A. up there now Yes, or it's Chris Martin Paul with a dummy judge we used to call him Venus Demiela What the hell is his name with a mustache to guy that does the capitals away games? Jeff Rimmer Rimmer he's not bad. He's okay Sun some games on sunshine last night was on 33 all the way did watch sunshine last night to Tampa telecast goes on the satellite to pictures much better We trade I'm at better off is playing out of his mind. They're playing great without better or I'm supposed to be back in a few weeks and Not in a few weeks he's supposed to be back in a couple of few days Yeah, anyway, we just need to go up to drink and tell for a bit I was good as young and he's gonna be okay, but This is a year we really can make a run. We really need to go now. Now looks to me like you got the runs I mean, it leaves the given everybody a chance last couple of weeks We kind of ease off on everybody and you know playing 500 if I can say that for last couple of weeks But starting in Chicago tonight leaves are gonna turn it up a notch and start winning again Yeah, that's right. I just want you to understand that We're kind of going we're kind of telling to begin out here We had in the last three games we broke the record each game. We have three sell outs in a row and the mighty duck game my new years They will should be sold out Yeah, okay Okay And then go back Okay, see you God that that the booze cake just killed me man a turup my throw to throw up my intestines and any second I might have a look a little accident. We have an open line in date 751 and one at Broward 524 1236 at WiodnWSUN Supercuts great Toyota deal This afternoon it's two it's Rick and Sots then it's six it's sports talk 16 You saw great you 16 Wiodn Crab it all records presents the coming out of who great Pete Talon's it's the out of the closet collection Tommy can you hear me Here's my head to steer you Tommy can you please me Let me Sick youами Tommy come here Come here You're home Sophia Charles Yeah, night door When we're mean They're mean Oh yeah All of me To catch me Woo It's clear Crap it'll represent these previously unreleased tracks Cats be seeing these songs the way there were met to be The rough boy in Slitz skirt's pizza is my box set This is the one we all bought I'm happy so we're both being sold out of writing Men always needs a call They seem to be like it And any bathroom stall My name is Peter Towers And I'm so glad we're being changed Okay Now you'll get a CD bonus track of feet singing that held it really classic I am one of these overmaster court accepted I've always wanted to call her on the air And just ask her to do me 1240 in WI would do we have two open lines They're both in date I'm just going to keep a pull-in carats out of that one rack That's been kind of ignored since it's way in the back And just keep a pretty by the end of the show I'll have like 20 or 30 of them in a row and just do like a You know a thing Here's Boca hello Hey Neil Yes sir Here's J-Rendolph to in Canterraki There's a shot up the right side Yeah At least we know what side it was on anyway Now I'm serious this Chris Moore is such an embarrassment And I can't believe that I mean between the people in the print media Who supposedly write about broadcast sports and anybody else Maybe just people have never heard anybody good Do hockey on a radio but this guy's a joke I mean at least give us some names even if you're wrong Make him up but give us somebody's name He says out in front in the corner I say exactly Who right Anyway I got a shared experience that had Friday morning Yeah I was still spelling over it I was a guest on a radio talk show in the West Palm market And about 15 minutes into the show The studio door opens And he walks and sits down right next to me And I'm thinking to myself this is the ultimate I am that him right J-Rendolph I know it How did I know Wow And I'll tell you something You're looking on the air But he was very friendly and nice and funny Was he? He was the off the air You're not on the air too And just to look at He was funny on the air Yeah Boy they must have they must have slept you some good stuff Yeah I was in the spacious studio about five by five And it was quite an experience I mean I was sitting right across from a radio giant Oh, boy I was ready to tell him I was a nearly But I thought better of it I have my nose up meals ass Did he look as old as he did when he was here He started to grow up It's the first time I've ever seen him So based on your description he looked much younger Yeah How did he over 60 All right That's it I want to tell you Okay, congratulations here That's something to put in your memory book My life is complete Right Congratulations Have a great year Open line in the green line 1-800-944-Joy And two in date 7-5-1 Jasper K for Rick and Shodges Afterno from 2-6 I just I can't you know he's okay in his own bizarre way But I just can't get the the lay of the land yet And if some of you asshole callers I might say you they're probably not listening right now Anyway, they're probably like down on either hands and knees On a floor, shifting seeds Oh Hoking their bang up to their rectum But I mean if some of those guys would just give some of that crap Arrest maybe there might be something along the way Be side that there would be a little more interesting Because when he talks about stuff that's more like a general interest Which I can't think of anything at the moment But you know then it's pretty interesting But when they get into that really very narrow thing That real narrow slit Then he kind of loses me Here's Hylia hello Hi Hi A lady Yeah I heard you say you weren't getting any lady calls You're holding the second one I think one of our first two or three calls this morning Was a lady from Atlanta Maybe the first call And that's been like almost three hours ago I'm going to be able I'd try to tell you I got my husband some tickets to see the entertainment game Great And we're going to go outside It got him the official jersey And his hat and he's on a set Diffacial panthers jersey No, none of those mighty ducks jersey If I see people buying mighty ducks paraphernalia at that arena On New Year's Day I'm going to be really parked off I'm taking names and putting them on the air That following Monday So it's going to be our first game Great You'll love it Good Yeah, we went to see the exhibition game Uh-huh Well that was you know that was small potatoes compared to this Yeah So we're going to go see dad just want to call you and say hi Okay, well I'll see you there And can I call somebody a disrespect Yes ma'am Guys, I'm going to do a disrespect See you Bye All the day lines open 751 9463 Boy, that I'm telling whatever he put in that cake Just tore me up Just killed me 1245 at WIO D&WSUN It's the weekend magazine featuring the latest news Information trends and what's happening This Saturday and Sunday morning right here WIO D All I just love Joe Way Reynolds Not O Oh Joe is days are done Bill Marshall is his son The show just ain't no fun So what does Karen proves I think Joe is gonna do He's got a smile again And now a cry of peace Yeah The ratings they reflected No way to read the record But a crazy Joe is got a gun Joe is got a gun Neil can help this one Radio days are done What is it gonna do As WIO days are through And try to smile again And now a cry of peace The ratings they reflected No way to read the record He's got a call away And say Roll away Roll away From the pain Roll away Roll away From the pain Yeah yeah yeah yeah You guys never let me down You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best You're the best It's speechless I mean even ever you We say it's going to be another year But that game just took everything out I mean I don't know if I ever I don't know what happened to them I watched a lot of that game And they were running through the bills Like water through a siv I mean they were just they were just Taron off gigantic chunks of real estate It looks like they were going to mow them What the hell happened there It's because I think Bruce Crossley This is a really bad coach going third and three They do a outside screen Or whatever it was You know I don't know if you can't blame I'm very blanched But you can because you missed a 27-yard chip shot But you've Christie hit it Everybody else is hitting him Yeah You know it's to the point that I don't want to see Buffalo And another Super Bowl But I got a feeling They're going to do it again I don't think so I don't know I think we saw preview of the Super Bowl On Saturday I think that Houston and San Francisco I are by far the two best teams in league Yeah I mean they're up there I mean you're I give the cowboys an outside chance And the NFC But I really think San Francisco and Houston I don't think the NFC I don't think the giant's have it after the last The Phoenix Cardinals But they rebounded well They were pathetic yesterday The giant So it was embarrassing Did you see them in a sort of casey game? No Oh my god Was beyond ugly Really Beyond ugly But that's what they wanted They wanted parody They wanted mediocrity And basically that's what they got They got like a whole bunch of real Mediocard marginal teams Yeah Hallelujah Yeah I'm so I was in the day yesterday I just don't know I know I know You sound depressed You sound psychotic We were in a bar And all this just went We trashed a place And then we sat there Stunned like all of us were about to cry Yeah Every year the buffalo bills do it They were cleaning out of their hands They crunched a bunch of it against us Yeah Bruce Cossus should be fired I think he's a bad coach I think he made a bad choice on third And three They were passing and they were doing I mean Johnny Johnson was a mock man He knew he was getting the ball What any bootlegger or something I think it's time to bring back Joe Walner Little Holt He left for your mock God damn Bruce Cossus Okay Bye bye Good luck to you You'll need it I see jazz isn't a building Now he went downstairs to clean up his mess We have two open lines in day 7-5-1 And let's do a lady in Sarasota A lady no less Hello Hi I'm going to talk about a couple things I've been on vacation for a couple weeks I'm just kind of picking up bits and pieces of what's going on bits and pieces Just bits and pieces With a Dave Clark 5 Does that mean that Rick and Sajra gone for the afternoon? Where are you? I'm in there over on the west coast You will never hear them again Oh my God Unless they play them on tape later in the day Like a night or overnight or something Oh There you go There you go That seems to be the general consensus of opinion Is to give it a lesson or keep her can suds on Underpedently a death Yeah There's less of her stuff Well they want to keep Bob on because he's so much fun Got it, baby Yeah All right The other reason I'm calling is because I was on vacation last week And I happened to be able to catch a couple episodes of Gotty line Right Did you see it? Sure All right If I have to see Josh seeing deck the halls One more day Oh You know when he was the best When he was wandering around He was endlessly in Italy and we didn't have to see him for about two years That's when he was the best I can't stand him And now he's back with his old mother-in-law He's like a bull in a china shop He's just he's always like stepping on people And he's like too loud and he's up noxious And overbearing and he doesn't fit in with any of their characters on his show now Get rid of him Get rid of him And all this stuff going on But I can't watch it And then the one week I'm home Everyone's just exchanging gifts And Yati Yati It was terrible I think what they need to do is re-analyze their whole line of speaking of talking about lineups I think we need to bring the even if we have to dry out the old Billy Lewis I mean get him back on there Yeah This Billy is like a bump on a log this guy Well I hate the new Mindy I mean the best Mindy was the first Mindy Yeah but that's a long time ago Yeah a real long time ago Yeah But anyway Is this? I mean you want to bring back Rita Bauer next Yeah Is this um Angie or what's her name is with Josh I have no idea She's the mystery bitch I have no idea who she is I don't know I don't know I think she is She might be But I don't know who she is All we know is she showed up she had a half a million in cash And then she was big and she buried it about a half inch under the ground Which like any normal person would do She just you know posky little dirt on top of it And little Billy was out there playing in the ground And just happened to come across a half a million in cash Which he's got stored away now So we can give the pizza delivery guy a hundred dollar bills And you know Find all this presents from Michelle And Vanessa is saying like oh where'd you get so much money Billy Well I believe in saving up my allowance I'm real thrifty And that's why I got 500 grand buried under the dirt somewhere Right Well when you're a Lewis I guess it's easy Exactly Exactly Well I think that this Angie persons won the big shot Roger Well we got 8,000 suspects Not a day did you see it on Thursday Uh What happened Thursday right at the very end Poor Holly who's like just absolutely uh she just can't handle it anymore Holly is a nervous wreck a basket case She's scared of her own shadow She walks into the house and they're standing in the dark Is Roger He's got the Christmas tree trim He's got no it now Of course this has haven't been shot He's got his arm in a homemade sling He's got blood and shoots all over himself He's eaten like the Christmas cookies and little milk to stay alive And Mary Christmas Holly he says And he's got like a thing under the tree with a justing And she stands And he was eaten all that food but she had catered over right Evidently yeah But anyway So he's standing there and that then the show goes to black And now we find out today what the story is Yeah Well Who knows But I can't believe he hasn't yet needed a medical attention Of course not I mean if a guy can fall over the edge of a cliff And fall 10,000 feet and still come back without a scratch on him I mean what's a little bullet gun to do to him Well you know they really probably should just ride Holly out of the shell I mean there's no one left for her to sleep with I mean there's no man that she hasn't been with on the show No man Well that's a good thing Maybe Holly and Eve you know what's that love hate thing Well the lesbian the lesbian things very big today Maybe that will be next on the show That would be an interesting twist Right All right All right well I just had to catch up tonight Well today is a must day you can't miss it today All right well listen if anybody's opinion counts or if anybody's listening Something's gotta be done about this Rick and Sudden Bob laughs Yeah hold your breath All right good luck See you Okay, we've had a whole bunch of calls about that and of course the overwhelming majority see But of course there is a reason for that and I think basically the reason being That most of the people who listen to last year Are not people who listen to this show or Rick and Suds he's got a different audience And when he goes on and starts doing the afternoon next week It's gonna be a real different audience It's gonna be the old underlying the old part FLA audience because like one of the previous callers today said he doesn't fit in in the least bit with what we do It's just it's not his stick he's not a funny guy. He's not a stick, myster. He's just a Bob Yeah boring old style terminal Pandering to all the old cronics and the old and I'm sure he's salivating filming at the mouth Now I mean they just paved the way for him Okay Lionel's gone. We'll put on this morning guy this Al Gardner's 500 years old We'll put on what's his name in the morning who's six hundred years old and that's it So they've they've already advocated the throne. I have no idea what the story is But FLA has thrown into the towel. They're going for Jerry Atrick City So he's got he's got a clean road in the afternoon and thank God none of the rest of us have to follow him Here's a lady in Pembroke Pines Hi, thank you all Great How did you tell you great talking fan that ever was I'm a pants of fan all the way Beautiful I wanted thank you for turning me on to sports connection Lord a lot of stuff up there In fact I'm the one that walks around with the twenty two eleven shirts If you see me at the game right What happened weren't you supposed to go to the game yesterday? I was supposed to go to the game, but then I got about all the way to Palm Beach on a turnpike And I looked at my tickets and it said the game started at 7.35 I thought it was a six o'clock game and as soon as I saw that I made a beeline for the exit And I turned around and went home watching on TV I wouldn't have gotten home till 2 o'clock in the morning I know great game though I'll take you in great They're doing fabulous and the visa is gone and I see the beautiful Jody Hollis starting to score some goals in Scrootland and we're really doing it We're really doing it and you know I know you get annoyed at people calling up They're asking about five hundred and what's the face of what's I see But you know the thing that gets me is that they're interested They're going to learn That's good as far as More in and more forget it Forget it they don't know hockey But neither do some of your sports writers down here Yeah, I remember the first game when they mixed up this Patrick in Fitzgerald Right, but we're learning and that's the great thing Is that people want to know about hockey You know I was a range of fan for 40 years And to me the greatest thing that happened was last Wednesday night Right, I thought that was a fabulous It was a beautiful thing And you know people are saying that well now we're getting into the second half of the season Of the teams are going to come alive But you know I found this out and I want your opinion me I find that the pan fist play The same kind of game as the team they play Right exactly well listen I'll tell you after the news have a great new year and we'll get into it South Florida's news talk and entertainment station news talk radio's 16 WIOD my inventory model day When I was at home I thought I had lots of friends And lots of little boys just didn't lie to the house And they would say in his career Here's talk radio's 610 WIOD presents the Neil Roger show To talk with Neil dial 751 WIOD from day In Broward 524 WIOD Outside the 305 area code So free 1-800-944 WIOD And bell south mobility customers make it a free call My dialect star IOD Now the Neil Roger show on you talk radio's 610 WIOD It's the water to two hours It's the most talked about video the year Roblo direct stars and performs in low The critics are reviving Jesus says it flows Roger ebrids says it sucks Mary Hart says it was hard to swallow Roman Philanci says what's the big deal Mindwood 13 you have to say this one's loaded with entertainment Gene shallons says this one fires no blank No Roblo filmed in central around in spread of vision No Roblo is coming In your living room with the spasmata release of his direct cordial debut No Read in PG13 It's mid-16 106 WIOD Jesus in a building now man So I hope that somebody told Roblo He's got to clean up after that show every day this week Got to go downstairs with your little pale and Brillopad and click a scrub the place down after he gets out of here Everything will be alright Here's Boka hello Hello Yes sir Neil I think report for you How are they taking report? Okay Listen to this guy follows me And in the rain I've been like car around Yeah Right around the median so that I could make a you term He tries to do the same thing crash is right into a tree Oh Then pull me over and raise me a ticket for failure to control my vehicle Yeah Beauty Isn't that a classic? Yeah Unbelievable Just like you Unbelievable Nice going pal That's probably And the same to you Hope it landed date 751 and one on the sterlin I think that stuff is starting to erode for my throat now They was on at whatever that booze filled cake was That L Goldstein said it he's a sick guy he really is a sick mother Here's a pop in O'HELLO Hey Neil Yes sir Hey long time listener first time asshole Okay Yeah I've been on home down here on the pump and the park I was wondering if that rich had any hot tips I can stretch them off the program Probably he'll give you one in every race Great Good to hear What I just wanted to wish you Probably planning on having another tremendous night tonight Fat rich tremendous night Oh he's not going He's gone Oh okay No He's not going to have a tremendous night Because I'm going and he can't make up any stories Because I'll know what's going on Good move Yeah Just wanted to call wish you happy new year And I wanted to find out How that lady got her Got her Get her to buy her husband's tickets for a pensive game I was maybe turned it off last night She couldn't understand it She made you turn the game off Well I watched it but she couldn't understand it What an idiot She's bitch Well no she's a nice bitch No I'm not she's bitch Oh yeah I can't But she couldn't understand it But I can't tell you how to know what the hell was going on How she's supposed to What on the TV Yeah He's alright Yeah he's okay Yeah Let's break Neil I just wanted to wish you a happy new year And the same period See ya Get out of here already You're killing me We have an open line of date 751 and one and a broad or five two four Why don't we do in three breaks this hour Okay I'm glad you're straighting that out Here's a braidant and hello Hey Neil Yes sir How you doing? Great I called because I disagree with that guy He said you're only going to pick up about 10% of Ron Ron's crowd Yeah I was in desk you went up here And I think hey at the least man They're going to run your promos And some of your promos up here are hilarious And whenever I was working in college doing construction work man They put on Ron Ron the morning We went to different construction sites and just all day long They'd be playing a man Beautiful And college and college they played it all day long They're doing at least a ten share by this time next year I really think you're going to see Because Ron Ron whenever before they left The Blobster Red their numbers and they had like a 16 Right They were just doing incredible Just by us Moses Just from the sloppover we'll be doing a ten share Exactly I think your numbers will definitely double man You're going to be the least Poor Randy has to follow the Blob Hey man you know what though You can see that Wait a minute What do you mean she's going to follow the Blob Well you'll be on for two hours which will be good But you know she's going to have the Blob drop off You know what I'm saying Because I'm telling you how many people are going to drop off When they hear Blob He said damn boring But I think Randy will probably be doing afternoons over here Maybe Oh oh oh so you don't think they're going to be there I think Randy will be history over there Oh that'll be a shame See I think the way it's going to iron out is that I think we're going to be the only one left of the IOD Triumph right over there And at Rick and Sides will be history over there And that Randy will be history I wonder what they're going to do tonight man I hope they don't do jazz Because you know he's alright I listen to him on the weekend Yeah but there's a lot of bike or bars over there Yeah Him and Blob are about equally entertaining You know they're just in a different way Blob's not so much of a homo club He's a little more open minded Yeah And that stuff about being in jail And not having a fight of bife here And all that Yeah like anybody out there got a carton of cigarettes And a six bag of jazz has got a long show to do today And you know he's such a homo club I wonder what happened between when he was in jail Evidently he must have had some slippery soap a few times Yeah it doesn't have some real hard time Yeah Hey but you know what one more thing Yeah I think you could manipulate You know the numbers you pull for wrongs Crap run wrongs Crap because they're kind of homo folk too You know that fes guy Everybody can tell that's a character Yes So maybe are you playing it on like Re-vamping your show a little bit before Monday Yeah I'm going to be straight on Monday Yeah No but I'm just saying like play a little piece from a gal music And the soap talk I mean I love your show just the way it is What other words you think I'm going to change my show for Ron and Ron Don't you know no no no no no Give me a break No I know how you are I know you would get serious man If they don't like what I'm doing it can suck my fat fanny That's it I'm telling you I do love your show just the way it is Okay And when he starts screwing around with Luis Miguel That's where I draw the line okay Trust me right just above his knees where I draw the line Do you know what I'd love to hear man? Yeah I've never heard that young Neil and I've heard someone like that Oh Jesus God Joseph and Mary I'm a demanding mother and I Yeah You're going to be one of this Ron and Ron crowd Well hey it's better than the blog You're right you got to point You know okay I got it It's in the machine Thank you See you Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA Here again America's youngest talk show host six year old Neil Rogers Okay I'd guess for Don's mail And there's four minutes left in the hour Let's take some calls All in hello Yeah Neil how's it going Great That's God Well I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle Oh the good old DNC We're in abortion that people is Then I asked how many other people did likewise And they said no my business Yeah well they're real nice you're there Okay Well I just thought I'd like you know You're a son of American Have a nice life Hello Hello I want to speak to Neil You got him Come on Yeah Neil Yeah Neil Neil you're a stinky pink old blue sniff and bed wetter at a pantry Bake all This day so far Did he say pansy We didn't see it off Not a mung brain I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the list show And this guy called me named She my name is her shame on you By the way have you seen some of those bag boys at the NUAMP Yes No what are you cackling about egg This is my son A million producers The world is they stick me in here with an egg Hey Shit It's my car Then the castle Hello How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy How am I your fault? How about you can't share it off You can't share it off I don't need this It's offers from other stations The cavea Oh my Friend Don't you But instead I stay here and entertain you grow test Subtune Go to the bag Unbelievable To need the hell Oh is this Neil Rogers? Look how the phone are you on sir How far again? Do you have a dial phone or a watch? No I had to put it to the operator Who? Let's see Let's look into that Hey I was listening to Joey Reynolds I'm WDKBW last night Somebody asked you Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No I was in any more He did daughtering old man He claims he's only 40 Yeah right Do we be true in two? Oh shit You're a pathetic And if you think he's bad No Wait till he had to Oh Okay When we come back Maybe the egg will come out of his shell But I hope not Yeah Let's wait the one S.U.N. after you run around Start next Monday Where we range in the whole show We're going to start talking a lot about lesbians And we'll talk about how chicks with gigantic coders And we'll do the old WDKBWWD Posse facts And the stuff like that Everybody line up in the hall Take squatters rights It's 115 at WIODN WSUN And after Randy Rhodes It's Don and Mike You stop radio sing Yeah Nobody will hear You let pass all my hang gold bank Yeah, I need to put down Oh S.U.N. I think you're facing the world Yes I love to Can you more realize When I can bring your hands You're blowing away S.U.N. I think you're facing the world Oh my god Life can be piling at the boat S.U.N. It's the place of the best of all The best of the day It's the world of WHAE So guess who jazzes have it on a show This afternoon The amazing peddler of crap Ron Popil A man who has made millions Off these stupidity and Galibilty off the American public Speaking of that Guess what I just found in a rack Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah The amazing but not forgotten Mitch Lewis That damn fact I can't stand him Here's Latter Hill Hello Yes, that was curious Yes sir You said such was a holdout Yeah Is that because you didn't want to do more That's the rumor That's the rumor That's the popular rumor You didn't want to go up against Ron Ron No, I don't think that's it I don't think you want to get up at 330 in a morning or whatever I really don't know I'm just picking up little bits and pieces I think I think the blow around around away Yeah I really do I mean if the man is that foolish that he's going to play I mean this is their future This is where it's at And I don't think he's in a position to be dittler around About not wanting to get up at a morning That's acid I just look at all the cartoons he can watch all day long I just didn't hope for I didn't want to see a change at all I didn't have any idea who was going to be a change at all What do you mean by that? You know by moving them at all I have to knew that I thought they were perfect No, but you've got to understand There has to be a change in the morning There must be a change in the morning But I didn't think everything would do with that Well, it might Because they got a great show Yeah Because they really do And they know I think all they deserve is advancement They can't, they can't, they can't I would be stand behind them Well what does that mean? I don't I would be standing behind them I wonder if there's been discussion about Maybe they're going to do the morning If their IOD is not standing behind them They just sign new control I think that's such as There's actually right and you should be able to stand after Noons That's my thing Okay How much does he pay you to make this call? I don't know It also could you play a little bit of Dick Perton? A little Dick? Anything Okay Thank you All of Broward lines Why don't you open now? Man 5249463 Is Ron Popeye going to be on a phone? I assume? Yeah on the phone Probably with one of those real cheap phones that he peddle See that'll be next to be peddling the Ron Popeye Phone, the little teeny pocket phone that you stick down in your pantalunies Here's St. Petersburg Hello Yeah, WSU I'm going to kick the major ass Yeah Ron and Ron in the front He's been on the morning He got Neil Rogers and he got four and Bob in the afternoon Yeah Yeah, night Who is in that night? Beats out of me They haven't figured that out yet Well, yeah, well this isn't going to happen to the next Monday So we got a whole week, you know, expecting to figure that out a week ahead He can't really knock Ron and Ron Because you don't like him because the house turned But if people over here in a west coast Are used to Ron and Ron and you and me I said it's for me It's going to be the greatest thing since sliced bread I mean, it's actually going to be a lead in all the people from FM I'm going to come over and discover AM now Which most of them would never listen to unless you put a gun to their head And that's going to be great It's going to be dynamite Are they going to be playing rock and roll music too Or just the, uh, they're going to be doing the same thing they always do They should go to FM and one of the seven get the 70 crap off Exactly Never happen Well, good luck tonight with the dolphins, uh, you guys can't make it You know, catch number one Okay, good luck Number one of the Rangers Okay, see you, get out of here Asshole We have an open line in the green line 1,800 and all three in the Broward Still remain very silent, which is typical What did the guy want to hear you want to hear a little dick curtain? Ah, how about from last How come we don't have this year? Where's my good friend Kathy Livingston It was going to give me this year's best of dick I've got the one from two years ago I got the one from last year But I don't have the one from this year Now is this the one is this like all one piece Or did I play this the other day I know bag man, you are upset No, I played that the other day Play it from the other one Okay, let's do a candle Hello Hello, yes How you doing? Good One time listener always on a road Finally got a vacation Great Give you a call Outstanding First of all, pizza loss is the best I went there last night for another set of call Yep And the cows only pizza Out of the world But I got a little story for you Because they can't sickle was there What about a 16 year old girl all over her? Yeah right Oh yeah I believe you She was sitting on his back Yeah And little kids coming up to get autographs And kind of sickle actually a complete jerk How come I didn't hear about this? How come ponytail didn't call do If this is really a true story How come we haven't had a report about this? Oh, it's a true story Yeah, how went after my second thing was No but seriously, wouldn't you think with all the stuff that I've done It helped us man build a $600,000 house If he's got a hot shot like Jose Consocco in there Wouldn't you think that it would the mirror to call on here today to tell us about it? Oh absolutely right So in a clock last night I'm grateful bastard Go ahead sir Seriously Second of all Um, cowboys, a swim champs meal I like you but I got disagree with you What do you mean? You were talking about me Oh just because if you like me or don't like me Doesn't mean we have to suck around in a green on everything No seriously, that's the problem They're going to Super Bowl Well it's possible They're going to Super Bowl The dolphins got lucky I mean the dolphins They've had about the dolphins Okay, the dolphins are not a Super Bowl team Okay, I'm willing to concede that I hope we win tonight But we're not a Super Bowl team We're not ready for prime time And last of all I went to the Metro Zoo Rebuild concert yesterday Yeah And you know the lot is there playing the past About the curfews for juvenile Well there were um had a metal detector there And they only took away about 20 guns And arrested about 22 juveniles yesterday So I think Miami has to do something about that Well what does that mean? So what is so what is having a curfew Going to do about that To solve that problem? Well basically it's going to keep up These kids don't have the intellect that you and I have And they might kill some young you know innocent people And old people and rob and they might Or cry They might kill some old people Oh yeah, I hope they do Okay They'll keep up the good work And I'm glad I'm on vacation So I can listen to you more and more Have a great one Alright, bye Yeah Good night Good night Good night Good night Good night Hey, Poyam Good night Good night It's almost Mayday Time to haul out my hog Because I'll win her long I've been sitting like a bump on a long I want the thrill of vibrating thunder underneath Even though I need dental floss to get the bugs of my teeth Once I'm on my chopper the world is my oyster Until I cruise Edward Hind's drive And end up covered with moisture Another puddle to drive through another puddle to hit My old ladies t-shirt is soaked And so are her teeth Oh, it's my plan But we can't ride around There are bills to be paid So I drop her off at work and then go lie in the shade She's got a good job and she's good at it too And the guy says the bar where she dances seems to like her tattoos We're sort of a team She works at 12 hours shift When she needs a ride to work I sometimes give her a lift Do I mind all those slabs Drilling watching my honey Just when ankles tips are in Canadian mud He's her biggest fan And he's willing to pay And she puts up with his stupid as he's going But while he sits there staring up at her fooders It would take him off to know those tips By gas for my scooter He has lusting his eyes And his heart is still hurt Because she thinks he needs a haircut And so does my good friend Mr. Perfect He's going to be ladies Okay, that'll be all the bikers in the right mood for a chance This afternoon 127 at WIOD Let's go to St. Petersburg Hello? Yes sir Why not play a Shylock home? Go ahead Well, I'm thinking about this A little mess you had in the magic room this morning And I was thinking of myself Now who has been known to leave Biohazard In the past What WIOD radio personality Yeah Rower that one So I'm thinking maybe she did it No Now she didn't sneak back She wasn't here this weekend, she didn't work all weekend Sure she didn't sneak back in No, not likely Okay, also have a In addition to which unless Randy is all of a sudden taken to a Unless she's regressed to her truck driving days This was in the men's room Oh Well, I'm not going to touch that Yeah, I don't think anybody else would either if you saw it Okay, also got an alcohol scene's fire force Yeah He's been on I'mus a couple of times the last month And the last time he was on he had a lot of real nasty racial comments Really? Yeah, and I'mus was actually trying to tone him down And he just kept on going It's just a lot of people up So probably you haven't heard that tape No Well, I don't know how anybody else would hear Because I'mus isn't even showing up over there Which I find very hard to understand I mean, it's last trend WQIKAM didn't like even Take the meter they showed nothing zero I remember hearing you say that I'm really surprised too Because not that his show was great It's good, but you know if you compare it to blob and some of the other stuff on the morning I just don't think anybody knows about it Yeah, that's very possible There's nothing else on that on that station Yeah, you know, I mean they play the books on that station I'd like to tell you what their commitment is to real radio And Donna Mike which says it all Okay, listen have a great day See you Open line a date to it, Brad, one on the green line 129 at WIOT WSUN Dad Hey, how are you? Great, Merry Christmas Do you hear me? What's going on? I just found cookies for the holiday Yeah I'm looking Hey, this is the season Go To be jahoy Hey, that's what's going on over there Listen, you a buttload of holiday cheer Rick and Sads, weekdays from 2 to 6 On news talk radio 610 WIOT Your book Business is booming Month after month, Walaens South Florida's discount auto mall has been shattering sales records And neat sales people immediately Whether you have previous automotive sales experience or not Walaens Ford Subaru Nissan Dodge and Suzuki Is looking for responsible motivated people Who want to see their career begin to sore Self from a huge inventory of today's hottest selling cars Trucks and vans Walaens provides aggressive advertising and promotional support The best automotive finance sources available Ideal working conditions, excellent pay plan and benefits A 401K retirement plan, paid vacation and lots more Are you looking for a future in management? Nearly all of the Walaens management team has been promoted From the sales floor So if you're looking for the very best sales opportunity available Stop by an ask for the sales manager at any of the Walaens showrooms today Walaens Ford Subaru Nissan Dodge Suzuki South Florida's discount auto mall I-95 and Lenten Boulevard Del Rey Beach This is the penny we'd like to bring a delicate issue to your attention If there's semi-annual lingerie sale You could find 25 to 33% off the regular prices An elegant collection abroad Free, stayware and more Name like Adana, underscore and valley So hurry into JC Penny by January 8 For a sale that comes with all the frill Coming up tonight at 8 following sports talks 6 to you It's Randy Rose New stock radio safety Red You let pass all my hang goldburg You let any popo town Oh Stress of Reads He's going around A certain star Doing something weird The dribbled thing that didn't abide itself You said it that the habit you're understown A rich-out geer Adroden to me This is the way From my picture When you love like this, tell there's no need to stop I just head down to the pet shop for another Another lover Come on and do the richer Here, rich-out geer Rich-out geer Rich-out geer Rich-out geer Rich-out geer Everyone knows the nearer Can't you have a love Everyone knows the nearer Can't you have a love How is it possible to be such a consistent asshole Ashol is Rick Alpo Now seriously, I just wonder how it's one thing to be that much of an asshole But to be consistent and to keep it up month after month You're after year To be such a consistently devious and a liar There has never been any such discussion There has never been any such meeting And maybe you're maybe not I'll do it But for him to lie to you and tell you that we all agree to this And that there's been such a discussion And that memos went out about packages And all this man is full of crap No, don't have him come see me You deal with him, I don't want to see him Devious lying mother's scratcher I imagine I just can't believe these sales holes we got here Oh yeah, in order to make it a little easier for it We asked the talent we'll just go ahead and do this And we'll do that since when There was no such discussion here Oh by the way, this is a great video and song Crying My aerosmith, why don't we just play the thing on here Can we just there a way for us to do that? I can turn away up But I wouldn't want to do that Because I would kill some valuable time I'm talking about their Rick Alpo thing And then he's in there this morning See that goes back to this whole Christmas party Concept There are people in this building Needless to say because there's over 100 people A working and we got three radio stations There are people who dislike each other intensely Intensely And when I see some of these people who dislike each other intensely And are always just at every opportunity Stabbing each other in the back When I see them to their face Hugging and kissing All this other crap like I saw in Sheryl's office this morning It makes me want to get down on my hands and ease All over the goddamn floor, okay? We got more two-faced farts in this place Men than you've ever seen in your life That's why like I've always said come in Do the job, give everybody a happy face Walk out the door, get your ass out at two o'clock Exactly, and that's it I have never seen such phony shenanigans and phony curings on And phony a feelings and phony affections and phony crap But anyway, have a nice holiday Here's Hylie on the starline, hello I have a Marvin and Adam's by repuls Yes sir They sounded very safe Very fake Faye Faye I mean it sounded like through my ghouls and Richard Simmons I don't understand how Well, I don't think there are quite as much of them as they pretend to be I disagree on that Well, especially Marvin Marvin's one of the most homophobic, how do you say it? Homophobic people I've ever met in my life Well, you know what they say Yeah, that closet door may just be creaking up Well, they do live together And when you get guys who are like approaching 30 years of age who have roommates You always start wondering about that And like some guy called and she's something about seeing Marvin The other night Marvin jumped for that button Really? Okay Because the guy was like Marvin, remember me and Marvin was like, oh, dump him, dump him Yeah, I doubt it, seriously I'll put that all the relatives call Uh-huh Grandma See, enjoy the show Well, I was drunk I don't, okay Well, that's you got to be drunk to enjoy the show's on the station I don't get into that thing when we have people on the ear Who are talking to their relatives all the time That upsets me a great deal Randy does a little bit too much of that Not as much as she used to but boy, that's annoying And it's like it's an inside-head party And nobody knows what's going on Not entertaining Anyway, we can feel it's good a morning Here in tea, the cheap cock people will put on a mic on any after There is no chance It's a free show, a woman Sir, let me say it to you again There is no chance that in a major day party One of the drive times that they're going to put that show on Believe me, even as stupid and cheap as these people are There is less than no chance that Don and Michael Beyond an a major day party Free Go to sir Go to the bank on it, okay Okay Trust me Sir Open line on the starline Stir ID and two in a Broward 524 That Rick Alpoma and I'm going to tell you something This guy is so devious and so dangerous and so full of crap And just make stuff up as he goes along And I guess that's if you're a salesperson in this business It anyway, you just make it up and he was like Oh, didn't we discuss that? I thought it was all set, yeah, right Yeah, it's my Alzheimer's acting up again Rick I guess I just forgot about that meeting We had about that and about that memo I allegedly got that nobody else got either We just all forgot about it Here is a candle, hello Candle, see it's us again Hello, sir Hello Hello Neal? Yes Neal, how are you doing? Candle Yes, hello Can you hear me? Yeah I got a Rush Limbaugh's book How do you press it, yeah And I would like to just like tell you about it Ready? Rush Limbaugh is just a huxter That's all he is Yeah Is that come as a shock to you? Well, yeah, it was What did you think he was? A major social performer Well, you know what I thought? Actually, you turned me on to him You said that Rush Limbaugh is like a distant of that And I said, well gosh, I got listened to this guy Yeah And so I listened to him and I was thinking This guy is crazy And then I started listening to him And then I said, well, maybe I should read, you know, read up on him And I have, I have the book right here Yeah You ready? Am I ready for what? You're going to read me the book? Yeah, I'm going to read you the book Yeah Alright Rush Limbaugh America's number one radio host He's nothing but a huxter All he did was was really was find and act He was like trying his best to please his father And finally he got a job in radio And finally his radio went up and he... Yeah Am I dying? Yeah Am I dying? Yeah Badly? Uh-huh You're going to make a card out of it? Is that bad? Yeah Alright Uh... You're done? No Yeah, you're We have an open line in date Seven five one and two and a proud five two four There's a Rush Limbaugh disciple right there Ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta Dido, dido, dido There's one right there, he dido head Here's a body when I bought the book That's all our task here He's about just a cut loose with a cash by the book And cut the crap, okay? Here's Grove City, hello Ew Yeser Yeah, hey, I'm a big fan I'm in an out of my beautiful hot Don't get a chance to call you But uh, again, a big fan Got a couple things Uh, I think you and Algo seen her, God And I call someone to do a sped No chance We have an open line on the green line 1-800-944-9463 You're not full on me, pad You got about as much material as the guy who preceded you Only he was at least amusing Here's sunrise, hello Yeah, I'll come here Yeser Here's your question Okay And got farther at three since you're the resident expert Who told him to hit on a final scene where the daughter got to board? Who? Who called to hit? What do you mean who called to hit? Don't you remember that the old man went and arranged it with the two hit man Don't you remember the meeting And the guys doing the donkey thing Oh, do you remember that? Was that the one with the Little Italian pastry that I was talking to? Exactly, with the canolees He ate the canolees and left the gun That was his problem, he lied wall Like the worst overacting job in history Don't you remember I made you watch the movie sir? Well, it's a little wall Don't you remember he went out there And he was sitting there out there in a country on the farm there And the old man in his donkey is sounding sun The assassin, the hit man And he set the thing up out there Don't you remember that? No, that's why I'm asking How could you not remember that? And you watched the movie And then they dressed up as the priest And they sneaked in there and they killed the two twins Well, thanks for answering that one I answered this other one Yeah, I'll I'll act your pernell robbers You'll be the oldest son on the The man in the right dead, buried dead When did that happen? When did he die? Because he's the doctor, chapter gentlemen His series and a lot of people call to say he wasn't dead He's not dead? I don't know Well, that's right He is the doctor, boy Shears how wouldn't I put that face with that name, you know what? Pernell robber, it's your right He's on Craper John And I think you're doing a lot of commercials too He's still alive They shot him five times and he's still alive You're right But he's the only one Everybody else is dead Den blockers dead Hoss Michaeland is dead Lauren Green is very dead In fact, they dug up Lauren Green They're making an apple out of him this month They ran a little short Oh, I got my two answered Happy New Year to you Oh, I'm so happy Happy New Year to you I think So Pernell robber is the guy on Craper John The guy who plays the old doctor with a white hair Well, I'll be damned He got old and ugly And bald And bald And white hair And grizzly He looks like grizzly Adams is what he looks like God, life is a bitch in it In fact, last night they had on After the hockey game I flipped over Is it sports channel or is it sunshine Where they have those greatest baseball games ever Some of those are kind of fun And they have those real old cinema What do they call those? Not cinniscope What do they call those? Kiniscope Remember those? The real old the old videos of TV shows From like a million years ago And that's how the ball game was And red barber did part of the game in Malau And it was the seventh game of the 52 World Serious What the Yankees in the Dodgers And you saw guys like Duke Snyder And Peewee Reese and Mickey Manl All those guys and I'm thinking Boy, that was like 41 years ago And isn't life a bitch And you saw how it was like some of those guys Where like actually human looking And now you look at him and like Duke Snyder Have you seen him lately? Oh, man, it looks like walking death Kind of like press the pernell press the robber Anyway, let's do a Miami Hello Miami Good afternoon Yes sir Very new year And back to you Yeah, he's still doing stuff he was doing Some World Children's thing You know, feed the children since 21 bucks a month Right They had a one TV last night doing that But I think you should stick Bob on Like three A and from like three M to five M You stick a 50,000 one Transmitter and 10 and his butt a bottle of metamuse When a Lawrence will exceeding And you can satisfy a lot of people at the cemetery village Uh-huh Perfect for that That sounds good Uh-huh And I also heard something else They maybe you could verify that Know that money they collected from people You know transferring cars to the state Yeah I heard they went through a pout To the appeals court And and yes, the money is supposedly going back To everyone Yeah Did you know if that's true or not? I have no idea It's like 500 bucks they take you to reach car Exactly when you come into register car from out of state Right Well if that's the case the governor's going to be sure it on pills for a long time now Exactly and this is no more peri's act or vowing him a roof He's for the after child Damn it Okay All right, well very new you have a great one So pernell rovers is still alive See you have to waddle through three hours and forty four minutes of crap today But we finally learned something useful Anyways 144 wildnwsun H-E-R Jepp's the latest news from the 16 wildnucinner each hour Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast W-I-O-T Hey new F-Q And now language lab The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds Today's lesson Greek Listen one Strawberry pie Strawberry pie Listen to apple pie Apple pie Listen three Pumpkin pie Pumpkin pie The customer What kind of pie do you have? Answer Apple pie, strawberry And ponki Language lab is a public service and I mean that be copied or I thought I'd for yourself Thank you 148 wildnwsunj the green lines let's star lines let everything else in date and brow had gone like I said before If this show ever goes off on S-U-N it's going to be a hostel away go for this kid I'll tell you that Host a cameo v-dice which is like already I think Because it's just a dead end of water but we haven't made up our minds yet What we're going to do over here yet it's not going to happen next week And we're still working on it and we're still dittling around and dittling around And check in a research and all of this other crap And the dolphins will pull us out oh I'm sorry dolphin season just about over right oh I guess I didn't work How is it possible really for there to be so many stupid people and people And such a small building here is Saint Peter's birthday hello Very new yeah It's me Jerry Soysville Are you doing oh God let's go to a pop at Obeetj on a star line hello Hey hey Daniel okay Neil I try to call it last week but I don't mind you're all falling all over the good stuff Yeah not this week no no I'm sorry I thought I was going to see these dating broward lines Sir it's like a real slap in my push just sitting here looking at this Well I'm a living breathing closure lived in Broward Yeah, unfortunately you know I don't get the chance to call it off I don't want to become a chronic because then you'll dump me. Yeah right right right but it was you know I am in sense I am Livid about those yetes and outies who are screaming yell for their money back and that's way up a coral spring Yes Where did he get to know To interrupt Just because what do you mean where did they get to nerve that's that's the ambiance of this town that's their that's the way they behave That's the way they interact with everybody they come in contact doing that's what's wrong with us down Didn't they ever hear of something called matter no grand mother actually living not here with me no way Didn't they you know I mean geez well we I mean I mean It's you know There are more new home being built for family around town if you look then there are high rise condos being built for the end of my way So it's not whole true I'd be like a dying minority no sir. I got news for you're very much mistaken and every time like 10 of them die off They bring in a new bus load with 500 new ones that just came in who run immediately out to the new Cadillac or Lincoln dealership And by a big battleship that they can wander around in the middle lane back and forth across the white lines on the way to the early bird dinner to screw up traffic for everybody else Well, they have dogs out there and the evergreen just up to like that they're growing them I swear to God Yeah, you know it's just it's just so just hardening you know, I mean I mean It's just hardening what the hell is there for living and breathing people are doing this town? I'm reading an article of this unsettling was either senator yesterday about how A1A and the beaches coming back on four-ård They'll be each and about this great thing and isn't it great that they got all those rowdy spring breakers out of here? Yeah, right You know, one of the last time you saw a place where to take a kid Say like a pre-schooler or a grandma school kid if you have one got forbid and To take them to have a look at time in the evening or something like that or got for a video taken to a An amusement park no way who's a not here in our lovely Man you're the youngest and they've even got amusement parks inside the casino is now like in the MGM grad they got their own amusement park That puts Disney World a shame, but in the meantime here, we're building more and more nursing homes and more ACLS and more condominiums Because this state is a goddamn outdoor nursing home. That's what this whole state is because an outdoor funeral problem It's God's waiting room. Yeah, and I guess it is just so just hardening You know, maybe if we get a few more days like over the weekend, we're starting to call maybe we'll go somewhere else Right come on hold your breath. Oh my breath. Yeah, and that's it. We'll go out there to call a couple people to fish back Okay, everybody has done like lakes and everybody in cemetery village you are flaming Keep bags of do- Oh, yeah, good luck to us. Here's a dear field beach. Hello. I'll go me. Oh, yes. How are you? Okay? I have I have to suck around and on the phone too You please play your Michael Jackson cart What do you mean were I please put please play my Michael Jackson cart already played it? What do you mean the bed? Yeah, too late. No time. Sorry you. All right. See you Calls at the end of the show. We start doing requests. Here's Tampa. Hello. Yeah, me. How are you doing? Okay. I want to talk a little couch football with you Let's go to Sarah soda. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, question. Why are you always calling people? Sir, I'm sorry. I said it. There are young people around here Why do I call them one? I don't you always call them sir. So, sorry. So that's the city. Yeah, I know I worked there for you. It's a sorry place The average demographic there are some there are a few of their a handful, but I think if you want to be honest you did admit to me that the median demographic There is 20 years past death. Oh, it's old. I mean, but there is an ancient. Sir, it's ancient. Sorry, that is all that. Okay. It's great. And how about those buckiniers? Yeah, another one five in a column man. They're doing it Hey, they're looking better. They're depended somewhere. They're beautiful. All right. Thank you. See you. Okay, and last but not least, of course, Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Well, is Drew Michael still sleeping when you left in this morning? Sir, I have never seen the creature in quite frankly, if I laid eyes out of my probably puke all over myself. Beautiful. What is that? Is that like a real call? Look at that board. Is that beautiful or what? Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I was just calling you about two seconds. I want to talk to you about what you think you're on the apartment. And I'll hang up on you again. Well, you don't talk college football. Call up default. Call up somebody who cares about college football. I don't give a flying crap about college football. I don't care how many bull games they play. I don't care how many Zillion college teams come flat out of the woodwork teams that finish like seven and six six and five teams that couldn't get arrested in a penny rate. I don't give a flying crap about college football. Let's have a playoff, right? Let's, you know, who was it that made the comment, which I think was the only intelligence a comment he ever made, but I can't remember who it was. So it kind of diminishes the importance. But it was that right to the point why make college sports any more important. Why lend anymore credibility to it than we've already got, which I think is right on target in terms of having a playoff game. Who gives a flying crap? Who's number one? When college sports have you really watched college football and see how amateur hours go watch an NFL game and then watch college football. It is so amateurish man. It's like it's like watching. It's a step away from sand lot ball. Who the hell wants to watch it? Go watch a team like West Virginia with those neat uniforms they got with those black stockings up to their knees looks like they're getting ready to do a drag show on South Beach. Who gives a flying crap about any of that? We got this whole element of America out there that that's the level that that's the greatest level that they can't seem to transcend is the college football, pull mentality. We're number one. We may have a real small a very tiny penis, but we're number one. That's what it is, man. Sanigo Trough, what's in his standard? Jazz McKay for Rick and Suds right after the news.