When I sing y'all Oh, you talk radio 610, WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show To talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from day in Broward 524 WIOD Outside the 305 area code toll-free 1800 944 WIOD This is Jim, love your show, new love you, love you That damn fact that I can't stand him No! I think I can buy you everything that will Come on, be far too hoty and eat this Funny, why we'll video stories that you think I'm a true OO, I'll be safe! Hey! We think that you're okay That's why we're begging Please buy our body, like cash We're going to sing y'all We're going to sing y'all Oh, I'm deep in There it is, that's my vote for manatee Year and soft florida can there be any question about it, huh? Maybe next to joy Reynolds Wayne with us bald spot, we love you Wayne We're going to build a monument, we're going to build a statue There's a thing in the paper that's kind of buried in the sun Settle this morning, he's just quietly buying up a few more acres over here Over in Miramar right by i75 And slowly but surely he's buying up the whole goddamn That part of the county, he's going to build that gigantic thing over there And he's doing it, he's the only hope he's the great white hope With a big shining bald spot So thank you Wayne And by the way speaking of Wayne and the panthers We came up with a tie last night against the red hot capitals Even though we didn't give up a couple of marginal goals One at the Beezer gave away However he also made about 46 saves and played a hell of a game besides that And kept us in the game, we wind up with another point three three tie And the lightning won a game last night, how about that? Oh yeah, that's numerical but they got two points We got one, we're still way to hell ahead of them And we're right in the thick of it And the good news is that this Saturday's game is sold out Except of course for the panther packs, he's because they don't go on sale to the last minute That's a good deal the way they did that Because even if you know away the hell ahead of time that a game is sold out You still have a chance in your pants to wind up getting a ticket for the game And because it's a Saturday noon game, Friday morning at 10 The 892 Panther Pack tickets are going to go on sale I want to thank another man who is disliked by many Who is controversial and I could go into a big song and dance about that part of his personality and his ambiance But when it comes to helping us out at Camilla's house time every year He has never failed he's always come through with a couple of grand a grand every year And this year yesterday opened up a check in John Brunetti from highly apart sends me $3,000 for Camilla's house Thank you John And I guess when you got that kind of money You don't care what anybody has to say about you, okay? Even if you're from Chigatuauga Is that the way he pronounced it? Chigatuauga? Chigatuauga? Chigatuauga? Chigatuauga? Tony Segretta would channel for I want to dominate you for the dumb guy of the year award Seriously, if you look up the expression dumb guy in the dictionary you'll find Tony's picture next to it They had this bombing thing in upstate New York, Rochester and Chigatuauga I mean, is Chigatuauga really spell that mysteriously that it's so hard to pronounce? Chigatuauga? Edible, I'd tell me When you spend that much time in the locker room with all those jocks like man, it's look what happened to him So anyway, we have a little situation going on here as usual at WID, which I want to spend some time on By the way, our Camilla's house and set her one totals What are those totals from peaches? Well, we don't really know, Joe Don't get nervous, Joe will have him on Monday when Bumblehead gets back We do have a hundred, eight thousand, three sixty three for Camilla's house Plus a lot more than that, but we don't know what it is because Chigatuauga can't figure it out And for center one, we have forty nine thousand five oh seven, we have way over fifty thousand But she all can't figure it out So when Bumblehead gets back next Monday and gets her very complicated Bookkeeping all straightened out, she's got a ledger in there man that even Einstein couldn't figure out It's kind of like a two for you and one for me and one for my trip to Trinidad and one to cover the cost All those phone calls and whatever else it's all about But anyway, getting back what I was starting to talk about is the situation Here it is the twenty ninth of December And I'm sitting here in the middle of this mailstrom in the middle of this corporate Blow hole situation here at WIOD and I can tell you the one thing I do know for sure Changes are a common, okay? But what they are going to be what I do know for sure is they still aren't written in stone And that to me is astonishing how many months how much time of these podwackers had to figure out what it is that they're going to do And I was just saying to somebody only moments ago, I won't mention that it was Cheryl But I was saying only moments ago when she was in here explaining to me that she can't figure out the book Keeping on the peaches and the totals I was saying you know why is it that any of us are so naive as to believe that the same people who screw this place up Are going to straighten it out Does that make any sense is there any logic in that of course not I mean these are the people who came into a pretty solid situation And in one year they managed to take us from dazzling heights to rock bottom to the point now where everybody has to give crap away to get calls on here And they're going to straighten it out Any straighten something out but an ain't going to be this radio station I mean what are they thinking about Ah And then of course there's that enigma the jazz master And George tells me that everybody talks to was just enchanted But I do want to caution you by saying this that any time you put anybody new on here They're going to be enchanted with them and I'm not here to try to like a decimate the man because there are moments There are lucid moments No seriously moments I said not long stretches but there are lucid moments What I find them entertaining and amusing Reefly Then there are other times when we go back into this drug induced Yesterday we graduated from the wicked weed now we're up to cocaine Ha ha cocaine Ha ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha And you know and by the way Spig English On you illegal immigrants Okay exactly I'm sitting there in a car listening to my Louise McGill music I pop out the CD and I'm just in time to hear I'm wearing my T shirt this illegal uh What was it illegal uh not immigration probably illegal uh integration problem That's how it came out the words immigration pal But however you spell it down on the farm spig English Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha So we've got a real uh barn burner of a situation going on here I mean the fact that they were actually talking about a couple of pudwackers over and four Myers that really that tells me something right there Joe and Stan from four Myers. I mean what does that tell you what they're going to do to this place Just take a look back. I mean it's the end of the year everybody always wants to recognize the year and review and all that stuff Just take a look to what and what's gone down in this place over these past 12 months It's just astonishing it's criminal I think somebody should be behind bars For what's been done to this place in last year Anybody got any good crap It's 1013. Oh here's that is that rain that we're watching hours this like uh the making of rain It's rain with Madonna who is as usual uh slutty and grotesque But boy there's some interesting things in here 1013 at Wild and WSUN Don't solamente is Hank Goldberg That means it's um people for the world Wait a minute speaking less damn it. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippo polymer Oh I know my sister all my life That is why she's now my wife and I think my son may know it's true He's my nephew too Well my daddy is my uncle Joe my mother is my dear and flow It is very play-per-seed my first cousin is me Hey Oh that corn sure he's facelain it We Anyway 1017 at WSUD I heard that yesterday jazz talking about the fact that deliverance was one of his favorite movies And he's seen it over and over again. It's kind of like black people watching roots Over and over again, you know Anyway, I don't want to get into a All right, all right now. We're pretty mouth And that baby sure enjoyed it But anyway, I don't want to get into a big thing about him all the way just might but it's just I want to say this I don't usually get involved because anything that I say they do the opposite but since we have arrived at the crossroads of this And let me just say this I got another stupid fact this morning from somebody thinks they're going to put dawn in my economy after them I hate to break the news to you guys. It's not I can assure you what is never going to even be under the slightest consideration Don and Mike ain't going to be on in the afternoon or any major day part on this radio station Don and Mike blow the big one. Okay. They suck They're like Joe and Stan they're like on the same par on the same level they suck But if there's any any consideration of putting anybody except Randy on in the afternoon on this radio station And I know there's this thing. It's become fashionable All Randy socks. You know of course Lancet or started that over on a west coast and would a lot of success by the way See he's been able to lead his nose pickers around by the nose, but once we get the living and breathing audience when Ron and Ron come on next Monday I don't think that those people will be so easily manipulated by a big tub a lard They'll decide for themselves what they like and what they don't like and they won't let some sour fat ass Tell them you know who's good and who's not and who to support and who's not and who to write down and who not to write Said around so on But you know it's amazing to me they do all of this research and they can't just sit down and turn something on on the radio I mean these are people who get paid to have expertise now I've been in this business for 35 freaking years and when I sit down and I turn on a radio I know if I like something or if I don't like something I know if somebody is funny or not and Randy whether you can't stand that pain in the s gym or whatever else is funny. She's a crazy bitch. She is funny She does more funny stuff in five minutes than most people do it in entire four hours No matter how much drugs they've done before they came in okay or while they're in And she should be on an afternoon. Is anybody forgotten the times that she filled in for Rick and Sots when I'm in vacation And the afternoon audience loved her. She did a great job sensational job Probably a little bit too good as far as they were concerned So let me just go on record here today since it is almost the end of the year as campaigning vigorously for the goddess to be doing afternoon drive Who at least is known well to the audience of this radio station and I'm gonna tell you another thing having done nights for many years in his town The people who listen at night for the most part. It's not the same audience The nighttime radio audience is not for the most part the same people listen during the daytime There's not anywhere near the available audience because most people at night are like who have any kind of a life Either watch in television or busy doing something or doing each other or whatever So you don't have anywhere near the available audience at nighttime that you do during the daytime But it would just seem to me if anybody's got any kind of smarts at all in this place and I'm not so sure that they do You sit down and you listen to somebody and you can tell whether they're a talent or not Whether they're funny or not whether they interact with a caller's and with the audience or not and she does She's dynamite and spite of her boyfriend Maybe we could find like a shuffleboard tournament or something that goes on between two and six and keep him occupied every day But that's my vote for whatever it counts and trust me when I tell you it counts very very very little It is just amazing to me that as of this late date these guys are still Diddling around and diddling around and time is marching on and we got this one on part time and this one filling it over here And this one hovering for this job and this one running around trying to bum a pack of cigarettes and a six pack Because and I appreciate that everybody needs a job everybody's got to work everybody's got to make a few bucks. I understand that But let's get off the pot already. Let's get off the cannon. Let's do something here and try to put the pieces of the Pastry back together again that you guys have two to part and destroyed over this last year and by the way Let me congratulate you on one magnificent job of this modeling the empire Even Mark Hamill would be impressed even he never saw an evil empire like the ones you people have assembled here in the last year And what's his story by the way Mark Hamill What guys he waking up looking at in the morning with that patch together face Huh he does look bad, honey. Well. He drives a Corvette. That's the problem when you drive Corvette You drive in too fast Mark and you got your hand on your boyfriend's knee or somewhere close to it on you're not paying attention to the highway That's what happens baby. Okay I think we're gonna do a show right remember yesterday somebody called and said story and of it. They thought was gay Or somebody you're talking about that which is ridiculous by the way. We'll just do a show one day Let everybody call in tell us who they think is gay Like can they envision Janet Reno and Ann Bishop like driving the truck together like maybe Anna be riding shotgun On the bike is Janet takes you up to the big city. Maybe Anne's gonna get in the point but up there. Maybe that's why they're easing out a channel 10 So what about Mark Hamill how would anybody in a Saudi and stew him? Okay anyway it's 10 22 Huh maybe with a bag over it and it said two 10 22 a WIO D in WSUN Tonight after Randy Rhodes it's Don and my Sister Mary Catherine Jesus this must be important it's a mobile and coral springs. Let's hop right on it. Hello I wasn't coral springs. Yes, how are you and now and now I'm heading down the tooling Corrids drive your heading south. Okay, bad move. I'm moving in a wrong direction pal I got did you happen to catch Leno by the chance last night? I wouldn't watch Jay Leno if you paid me by the second Well Charlie sheen was on yeah, and I think it's ever do the life and times of of Wayne Newton Charlie's it Really? Oh, man. Yeah. I mean he was To be the hairs jet black now Oh, and we we video we put the VCR on and pause it and Through a little mustache little pencil Kind of like winky thing. Oh, man. You're not old enough to remember winky drink with Jack Barry But yours ago there was a show called winky drink and you and you used to have you'd send in for it like the top from Kellogg's rice crispies or whatever you had to send in so many box tops and it would send you back a thing It was like a red they're like a plastic thing It put over the screen and you would draw in crayon on the asset In fact back when there were black and white TV only before there was color They also had a thing that was like blue on top and green on the bottom and like kind of like pink in the middle And you would put that over your TV screen to simulate color the idea being that the sky is blue and at people are like Kind of like pink and that the grass is green No seriously, I'm serious about it Yeah, but anyways, I just I didn't know if you caught him last night, but Jay also wants to bring the village people on his show Really now that they've made a big comeback getting pretty risky now. Is it any taking a real risk? Well, so anyway, let's Howard goes on. Let us gonna be off anyway, so I'm not gonna make anything That's all material I have but can I call one person douche bag nice chin Jay yes, sir Tom home a daddy did a job you douche bag oh See you a lot of talks till about the big game on Sunday. I don't want to discuss it I say the bird starts. I say we take our own snow plow. We cross our legs and our fingers and hope for the best. That's all I can tell you I heard Chuck talk and with Sheila this morning and Sheila's going on about well, you know Chuck asked him well You're down after all that experience so you're trying to get back up. Well, I'll try and we're trying It ain't easy, but we're trying Maybe that hot new young wife can help don't get up again for the game Here's for a lot of nail on the star line. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. What's that man? How you doing? All right Randiff afternoon. Yes, and this morning with Chuck that was a week. That wasn't done sugar fund It's one that was a repeat for the last three weeks. It's a tape. Yeah. It's the same thing going on I'll just keep doing the same thing every week so that we don't have to talk to them that often as he gets pissed off about it So we just talked to once exactly anyway The really is basically we sucked in more trying to well get our act together for next week and the turnovers We had a 40 turn first right right this is the max, huh? Anyway fire report on clamp Yeah, the one using your material man really yeah my good friend Dave Lamado can't control his farting problem He's coming under here talking about this content whatever they had and they're absolutely correct sir. No Yes, Dave Lamont is doing it. Yeah, I know he's listening right now because they've let Joe Rose and Lamont listen every day Correct, nice going Dave everybody heard who is off freaking out we had three real far smaller that Lamont Yeah, he's a good guy just can't control his his bodily functions Yeah, what did they they're ripping it? Yeah, yeah, and we need help and help them have a great tape See you see See chances a guy that's very easy to cause anybody can do that Like rough voice for a couple of seconds then it starts hurting real bad But I guess if you drink it off and do enough drugs that it like comes naturally Another thing that really bothers me not only about him, but like Don and Mike do this to a point where it's nauseating I mean really and it comes across really smart me in a really sexist obnoxious way and that is like every time a woman calls on Don and Mike show Oh hi baby hi sweetie hi honey Talk about demeaning an obnoxious and ridiculous and of course You know that 99 times out of a hundred that the the cow on the other end of the phone is some obnoxious Pork or that nobody would even take a second look at but that's that's not relevant. It's just the idea that oh Well, here's a woman can we smell the scent can we sniff it over the phone you know? I mean let's get serious already, huh? Here's Miramar hello. Knock on the ill yes sir. Got good news. Okay 1145 new year's the Friday night Yes, tell 23 is doing a try try spot live local things more from Miami, we're from New York and one from Mexico City right and You know who the Mexican course finding is please no then Luis Miguel right. Yes, oh What about that that's right. It's gonna be on 23 and it will be on the satellite they had a thing on telemundo last On Christmas Eve last Friday night and they showed some old clips and he was on one of them Luis, but it was pretty weak Yeah, he was on he's gonna be on Sunday night too. I believe on the Night of Stars well I sure hope he speaks English this time. I don't want to get jazz upset I'll throw in a line to just a pacifier Anglos, yeah, okay, you know this is no You tell the sports oh How do I know you okay, Glenn? Oh, yeah, okay. Thank you. See you How you doing honey sweetie? I'm sorry. We have an open line. It's in a Broward 524 and one on the star line at stario Do we have absolutely nothing to give away today and I want to say this to the people that really give a crap about this radio station You better start campaigning you better run out in the streets with sandwich boards Randy for after-do-and-drive. I'm telling you that right now Which he's going on vacation next week and jazz is gonna be doing her show next week and if he wants If they're at night and it gets a job and get a 40-gloat and buy some drugs and booze Find more power to him, okay. I got nothing. No problem with him No problem whatsoever But the idea that he's gonna be on there any afternoon's for get it. Okay. No way Jose. No chance Not ready for prime time pal Here's Orlando. Hello good morning, new. Yes, sir Neil. I have to tell you about the greatest human being on the face of the earth in Miami. Yes My buddy Bobby Swara's chief of the fire department down there drove up on Christmas night. Yeah, and I thought he was gonna give me a gag gift So the guys video tape and it all at good stuff and I get to the bottom of the box and low and behold It's a football signed by Don Schuillard made out to Nick and Angie beauty. I mean the greatest guy in the world Out of his way get Schuillard to sign a football and he delivers it to me personally Christmas The greatest man in the world Bobby Swara's I love you. Yeah, I bet I mean it I mean it never admit to never admit to love in the guy who slides up and down a grease pool all day for a Uh, this guy is the best. I mean fire department go Miami. Yeah. I think I'm gonna do it just under what I doubt it Oh my god, not again. I think so. I think we're we've got it down pat now Yeah, well, I think we know just how to do it without even traveling and do with our eyes closed Everybody's talking about Mitchell. He got a guaranteed sky to burgers got a command to birds got a start He's got him have we had an announcement on that? I don't think we've had any word on that yet either by the way I don't know but if Bobby's got any input I hope he talks to Schuillard. Yeah, okay. Thanks now. I'm degrees it up Yeah, right good luck to pal. Bye Open line and Broward 5241 on the star line and two on the green lines 1 899 449 463 Of course they're all pissed off because I said something good about Randy and they've learned to a despise Randy over in a West Coast Because they've been brainwashed and they've been like that's been like part of their whole ambiance over there Here's Papadou hello. Hey, Neha. How you doing? Okay, sir. All right. I wrote a little poem about the dolphins I thought you might like to hear it. Yes, okay. Starts off like this Scott Mitchell he's the best quarterback of the national football league Man, I must be smoking too much wacky weed Marino's on the sideline with the crutch of his ass watching another Mitchell's intercepted past Oh the defense missing tackles the offense turning over walls The only thing they're good at is jacking their jaws What the hell we gonna do with these fins four straight losses and zero wind boy? They have one more game left in a division They better beat the Patriots in this submission If they happen to win could they last in the playoff? I don't know about you, but I'm thinking of some payoffs So let's hear it for the dolphins and those inconsistent team Don't blame it on injuries that they lose on these games It's blow it off and value your head and shame as the dolphins end another shotie season again So hats off to you don't shoe a you put if I was doing on a bitch I kick you right in a nut The dolphins are still the number one team you know They're the only team that everyone 17 and Beauty lovely meal lovely all right, see you yeah, excellent Boy, now did you notice how he pulled that up from like nowhere Cuz he had like kind of not I wouldn't say a high pitch voice, but like you know I like if five words the middle he would be like a little bit above the middle a little bit higher like probably Maybe like peanuts and All of a sudden he got right to the end of that magnificent piece of work And he managed to pull that up even those of us who like got really tiny ones man can if you just reach right down or Can do that So it's not really that much of a big deal We have an open line. It's on the green line at 1-800-944-9463 I bet you I want to get some reports on what's going on over there in a west coast I would imagine that right now they're like marching down Dale Maybe they're up and down all over the goddamn interstate over there because Ron and Ron are coming back It better be like that there better be billboards there better be TV spots there better be nonstop interviews I mean for the kind of money that they're paying these guys and for the kind of leading that I'm supposed to be Expecting isn't this interesting for once in my life I'm supposed to be getting a lead in I'm gonna have the opportunity to grab onto somebody else's coat tails even though quite frankly They're mediocre at best, but nonetheless I'm reaching and grabbing for anything I can get over there So wouldn't that be nice to follow somebody for once who's got gigantic Enormous living and breathing numbers and demographics and maybe like just scrape off a little bit of it as Supposed to usually in my life the other way around 1037 a WIOD in WSUN Hortstock's 610 it's Randy Rose New York Howard Bring back Alex Bennett for gosh sake. Do yourself a favor. Well, you're pal But if I am guilty of anything It is of giving all that I have got all that I have to give my penis my buttocks my Lord torso thighs and any other error that they want it to help children all over the world That damn fact I can't stand it. She just can't stop. She can't control herself every time she just got a blurred it out 1040 a WIOD we have an open line. It's on a green line and See you know what the problem is with this of my coming on here like advocating like Line-up changes here and trying to inject myself and get them off the dime and get them to do something that makes sense Is that the people who disagree they don't have the balls to call The people who agree with you they will call like the people like all these people that you're talking to do is say that jazz is great Okay, well fine. I would like to hear why what is it that you enjoy about him so much? Like I said when I tune in here in there and I do like spotty a pickup little and I hear a lucid moment or two It's like enjoyable every now and then like in spots like in little spots they call they just won't go on the air with you Oh, they call but they just won't go on the air to say what? To say what they're Randy sucks. No, the jazz is great. Leave me alone Oh jazz is great. Leave me alone. Okay. Well, let's hear about it. Okay. I'm sitting here well English and what is it that you enjoy besides in between a cocaine and a pot and the 12 pack of beer? What is it that you enjoy? And the story about getting the meat out of the freezer at the brother-in-law's house or whatever that was all about that went on and on for like hysterical that I don't understand what that was all about about getting the meat and the frying pan out of the freezer because they were vegetarians and they will only In vibe and in hell things that come out of the ground That girl I can a backyard Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay? A couple things here first of all I want to thank you for Giving me the couple weeks ago to the Panthers and Game yeah My first time ever going to hockey game in a fantastic way when you picked a good night that's when we went an over time That's right right I also got a ticket for the game that's going Saturday And looking forward to a good one. You know what? Well, I'm going to take personal responsibility for at least 2000 fans being out there for every game if I say so myself. I think you're entitled to it. Yeah. Second thing I listen to a jam the couple times this week I'm a Amid a brick and sus fan yeah, and Each time I had to turn it off after a couple minutes But yesterday I listened to the whole show and I had to say the guy really blows I hope you don't bring him on to the if I don't bring him on Well, WOD yeah, I don't stay on Primantly and lots of like an animal in May when I'm I would you listen to the whole four hours if you think he blows I don't understand that You're material Thing I thought maybe the other time I was listening is just that to be at a moment of a stupidity on his part But you know just pull well to pull for me. I kind of blows and I just don't like him. Okay. I'll put you down Have a great day. See ya We have an open line in Broward. Well, see he just saying that because that's what I did I didn't say that he blows I didn't say that what's the work is I'm not into his person life although he wasn't the can for while so he might But well, listen, he's probably spent some time down on all fours, but that's another story But the bottom line is like I said when he's got the lucid mom he's got a great voice He's got some stick that he plays that's you know interesting and his own material But it's just that the when you're listening to the content it just seems to attract this this blue collar redneck Bigoted kind of like you know and that's speaking listening. Let's just kind I mean Are we still into that? I thought I was listening to the sandy paten shell again With all the other stuff that's going on in town. We're still back into that I'm surprised Sandy has it started calling that show now. She'll be next Here's a mobile and clear water. Hello Okay, sir good. I didn't have to wait too long. Thank you. We put the mobiles right at the heads Appreciate like I want to comment about jet cake. Yes, I think From one to ten I think he's about a five going to be sounds too much like a Ron around one of you with a All the time I'm out here in the clear water area in my guy kind of tired of hearing and wine and wrong with all the sea and the panty back All that he just sounds like a Like a reed production of Trying hard to be hip you know As soon as I hear people say and this one is hippie reminds me of our sinno You know our sinno for about five minutes was supposed to be real cool and real hip and everybody who watched him was real Go the only problem was you could never find anybody who admitted that they watched him and to be honest We they if you show wasn't syndicated he'd been off the air months ago because his numbers aren't that much better than Chevy Chase was doing his numbers Blow but because he's not on a network he's unacindicated show he's still on there. Yeah Well with the line up to recon sense it's real A terrible thing that they're gonna be gone and not hurt anymore. I think what they should have done was have Ron and Ron and more and like they do and then you and then recon sense and then in that hour Where they have the playback the best of Neil why couldn't they put Last or that time Put his bad ass You know on the that I know he does You mean at dinner time when people are eating I don't think you want to have lasted around here when people are eating Yeah, but that way it would make everyone happy wouldn't have Taped you know a best of and everyone's got their own lives flat Yeah, and we still have recon sense with it. I think is one biggest asset You know Randy's great too in the course. Well see the problem is it's very obvious to me that what the experts in his company are doing They're looking at the numbers again and they really believe you know I had a big goose up there in the 18 to 34 in the last trend in Tampa So but they look and they see Rick and suds are going anywhere and Randy's got like a point to or something over there And they look at that and they believe it and they really believe that that those people aren't drawn any audience over there I don't believe that what the whole thing is What those It's the kind of people that Last or track those people will take the time to send those Surveys or whatever they are back in but the younger audience Now we really don't have time so it's not accurate Representation of the true listeners out here. You know the the amount of people that are listening yeah, but uh we think you're Radio stations great. I know we've got a I got a ton of friends that listen to the station all the time and I just ran a Renacard couple days going switch every station Excellent get just keep running all over town. It's which in the dials Okay We have an open line on the green line. I think I'm gonna start doing that it kind of like feels good You know it doesn't sound that great, but it feels it's like almost like a big burp like a jaggedy Grip it's like let's do a certain amount of energy and air out of your body out of your lungs Oh, yeah, you feel better after you do that Anyways 1047 at Wildn WSUN Gets the latest news from the 16 Wildn you center each hour plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast Yeah, that's another thing I could spend a half hour on at production studio in effect That it's all set up for one person that if anybody else wants to go in there do anything like the mic is all Proved this like that every time you say anything, but we don't want to go into that because then again That's Neil starting up with problems going on into building and creating trouble Where we don't have to have any let's just ignore it and go on our merry way We got sales people writing copy that's totally incoherent. We got the local sales manager making things up as he goes along And then they have to call him into a meeting and like dry him out for a couple of hours And then it comes back and kind of apologizes well I was just hallucinating again. It's a same old crap on and on and on month after month for the last year It just never changes But these guys have got the answers man. They're doing lots and lots of research and they're got to get it straightened out We have two open lines on the green lines I don't think they want to participate in this because quite frankly they don't give a crap about over here and you know what tough crap Here's a coconut grove. Hello Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Hi First time caller and chronic listener. Okay, listen I don't want to join in all this jazz bashing, but I do have something interesting you that might be helpful Well, I just want to hear what people have to say. I'm not trying to manipulate the audience because that's what really pisses me off Is when people call any show and they do it all the time and they say what they think the host wants to say so they can suck up and You've done ahead. I'm not really not hearing what people really think that's all well Unfortunately, I just moved on my boat. I have no TV so you're your prisoner captive audience I kind of got we like to IOD right and I monitor Virtually 24 hours a day when I'm in town. Yeah, I've heard a lot of 24 hours a day. Well, oh, yeah Incredible. I go to sleep and wake up with the damn thing Anyway, I have interestingly when I was based in London Friend of mine used to send me tapes of the grease man when he was in Washington right not Simon Kass with JFK When he used to be good yeah, right and I've got on tape right my seal locker there some sticks that the grease man was doing a few years ago That I swear to God I just heard mr. McCay go over in the last week The fat chicks in the bars up team A lot of the biker plenty of the pot stuff yeah, and I don't know what intellectual property laws are in in your business But I think you can have intellectual property laws, but he have no intellect so Okay, more on protection in any kit you think that management would take a second look at that And maybe research the thing without Foss and the grease man rip off and Say listen come up with the original stuff Daily basis yeah, but see the problem is there are very few original people in this business most of them are busy ripping somebody Also often talking about I do hear an awful lot of talk about Howard and as much as I like Howard and especially when Howard used to be really great Which is a few years ago true? You know sitting and talking about that all day every day and playing his old tapes quite frankly I doesn't get the job that it's not very entertaining. I mean if I want to hear Howard I'll go up to one of the markets where he's on and hear the real thing right and now that he's so dismembered throughout the country I think it's a bit watered down because I I sample your show all over the country And even when he was in London on a couple of go away things, but Yeah, they've chopped his go-nads over no question of at least one of them anyway. Oh well He's still funny, but not not what he used to be well I haven't ripped book yet and I was broke try to sample this TV show, but I was out of town too much so I never got the tapes But the whole thing that's why I like Bob and Tom and Indianapolis because they don't imitate anybody else There are unique act they have their own stuff they do all their own stuff They are them and there's nobody else like them and they're not interested in imitating the grease man or Howard or me or anybody else or Rick and Suds and there are unique act and there are very very few and far between of those kind of people in this business Right well, I think it takes a lot of want to be that's what appreciate about you and Randy is that You come on like Randy last night. She went out on a limb. I listen to her whole show last night I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna say it again and I don't give a crap anybody out there who thinks that she sucks or wants to make Derogatory comments. She is a funny funny bitch and she's got a hell of a show Well, she's not only funny, but she can actually she's well informed and when she needs to get serious and I thought she'd Possibly with that caller. Yeah, and You know to take the to take the show down to or up to a higher level from Some of the more gutter-roll fun things. I thought look some got and Particularly during this season of marriage. Yeah, I gave her a lot of credit and I'm not Sucking up to anybody, but it you know you guys have Fortunately or unforced to become my family and I'm concerned about any potential programming changes and I'll tell you if Boy Gary wants to receive the tape I will be happy to send it to the station. I'll do it and say pay for one I got the tape of the grease managed deck. Oh, which have been lifted almost for beta Yeah, but that see that doesn't make any difference in other words You can't go back and start listening and say well, this one is ripping off from this one right like I said before You have to be able to sit down and listen to somebody and find and and to be able to make that judgment And when you're dealing with a program director, we has no background in talk whatsoever Who was working on a so-called full service station up in Louisville Which had nothing to do with talk and comes in here in a supposedly of an expert on talk radio and the things that he finds Interesting or the tapes that he gives me like when they hired Alex Bennett He gave me a tape that they hired Alex Bennett off of which if you could listen to that tape you would cry You would say you would say how could anybody hire a man based on I mean wasn't even a good tape Usually if you're on the year of any period of time and a guy's been on for a hundred years You can fake together a good tape and make yourself sound good But this wasn't even a good tape. It was pathetic and I hired this guy and brought him in here Which was a guaranteed failure and set us back five years and then we made a comeback for two or three years And now we got another setback here. I'm sorry to hear that be it's funny I missed the Alex Bennett Oh What a debacle, but I've heard him in San Fran You know, he does the morning show his life Sit down comedy and sit down the Oh audience You know all of his see you know, I hate to break the news to anybody who's in his business Nobody gives a flying cramp about stand-up comics about who's appearing at such in such a club I mean that appeals to such a narrow group of people that isn't the basis for a radio show Well, it's not too narrow not for the basis of your show, which is Got a I'll have a lot more going on with topicality and entertainment But yeah, I've heard Alex I've tried to send a friend of mine in San Francisco at tape of you and Randy Just to show him what Good talk radio's about and he's still swears by Alex Yeah, well, let's just arrange it California is really bizarre I mean Los Angeles you would think that in LA besides forget about Howard because he has been on it at long But before he was on there, I mean what passes for radio and at market like KBC is garbage and KGO in San Francisco is the most terminal Online bonehead talk you'd ever want to hear it just the California doesn't really have much good radio on well San Francisco is to be plowed by Pialics in the morning because I think he's got a lock on the market just as run and run have at this point Yeah, and you know, it's I have to endure run and run until your Retap comes on at nine and That keeps going by by two by the way I switch over to what they're doing that tape's gonna go the way the all this business about playing tape And replay that's really killed me that tape that nine to ten hour has been one of the most detrimental things because they water you down to the point where no matter what you say People say she I think I just treat him say that I'm not doing it. He just got no, it's killing me. Yeah, I think it's lawsuit inducing quite frankly Yes Unfortunately, I don't have a remote on the cassette for when I'm away on trips So I do miss oh I don't know about 50% of the months of the show, but when I'm on the boat It's on 24 hours a day, so I think I'm a pretty well informed listener and I just want to thank you and Randy I think I'm gonna stop me for In lightning things and making it open a clean this pig okay, but anyway Eclosing in clothes. Yes, I think jazz does have some original material and I think he does have some moments of brilliant Yeah, and I'm sure he's gonna be honest and no, and he'll be honest after the moon and beyond all next week at night filling in for Randy and then after that who they'll know is because they don't know here Well, all I know is that if the station dumps or or malforms It's it's major producers as in you and Randy Then they'll lose me as a little okay have a great life. Hey. Thanks, Lightning. Okay. Goodbye Open line in days seven five one all three of the green lines I guess we must be putting them into a coma. They're not the least but interested in any of this They have no opinions on anything 1-800-944-9463 They're waiting for Ron and Ron. See ya They're good You go God damn Baguette You talk radio 610 W-I-O-D presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 W-I-O-D from day in Broward 524 W-I-O-D Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-W-I-O-D and Belsouth mobility customers make it a free call by dialect star I-O-D now the Neal Roger show on You talk radio 610 W-I-O-D Don't fin-danny is a dog Oh, here's a mobile and Tampa hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir I was just calling to see what you thought about kind of an ironic twist with uh Ron and Ron going on up here on S-U-N and uh obviously most likely going to add to your Lister ship up in this neck of the wood. Yes from carry over and down there They're kind of taken away from the same station you're on there. Right. They're on S-U-N over here working for buddy but packs and it's uh you're right It's an ironic twist How are they doing down there? They're doing big down here. Well, they're doing okay. They're doing well Not doing as well as the morning show that used to be on your six years ago when I was on a morning in Z-U But they're doing well. That's good. I think it's gonna I think it's great that more people are gonna be in tune to you because uh, you know, they're gonna They're gonna get carry over with you We've been on there for a year and a half and basically we've been recycling the same AM listeners back and forth over and over And we pick up a few and we drop a few and it's like we've been running in place We had like running on a treadmill. We're not going anywhere. Yeah, because uh living and breathing people for the most part I'll say it once again. They don't listen to AM radio period and we got a little bit of an influx there When we were on for a while and that for about five minutes and we got a few new people and some of whom are still listening But that was it that was the only exposure we got to the people we really want listening Well, I think you're gonna get a lot more now buddy and I think it's great because you got a good show And I sure listen or ship will I think it's I think it's great that they're finally doing something It is great that they're doing something over there. It would certainly be nice if they would have a if they would like You know gotten their act together and done it when you think that since it's the same company They would have done it simultaneously and they would have had all their crap together They've known for months here. They were gonna have to make some kind of a change and that they would have gotten their crap together And that they would have organized it and No way no way we're still thinking about it here. We're still analyzing it and we're still listening to tapes and we're still looking at the research And we're still us taking our finger out the window to see which way the wind is blowing and it's just it's really said the great sister Cock yeah, exactly all right buddy have a great life pal. Yeah, open line in the grass. Yeah on the green line 1-800-944-494-63 See now jazz is gonna come on and people are gonna say well, you know that Neil really rose ripping you and ask And that's not what I said at all. I said that when doing his more lucid moments I find him very interesting and entertaining. He's got a great voice. He's got some of his own stuff But when you listen to the essence and a lot of it is the colors too It's the preoccupied with the picking a seeds out of their butt and out of their pot that crowd and then of course This kind of like anti-human. I don't know where that all started yesterday about Castro's grand daughter Came here so all of a sudden we're gonna get all these Cubans coming in and we better start spigging English and what's that integration policy or is it immigration? What word is it that we're talking about and what the how was that all about and where did it come from? Here's the avancura hello Neil. Yes, sir. I have listened to Aaron and Ron and now they live in New York I have an oil Howard listener. Yes, and if cock's was really interested in maximizing efficiency and getting you a big or the Howard would be on tomorrow morning He would be he would have been on yesterday Right exactly why what is there no ball? No balls absolutely. I mean even in Howard's worst mom right? He's a hundred times funnier. I'm gonna say it again Ron Diaz if you listen to his voice and the way he The way he phrases things. I mean, it's obvious that he listened to a lot of tapes of Howard He is a Howard wannabe all of these things from the era ripoff of lesbian dilidate and the panty facts are things that Howard's been doing for years Some of which Howard stopped the one years ago because they were already burned out and because of the fact that most of the audience in this Yahoo state never heard Howard They think oh, this is really great, you know, what the I it's like if you never had ice cream He had vanilla ice cream. Okay, and you think wow This is really revolutionary because you never had rocky road. You never had anything that really had any taste to it a quick Howard's fire report Does somebody once played a tape for him of Ron and Ron? Yeah, I spent 20 minutes going off on Ron and Ron and how they feel off his stuff They do and the other thing well he's right and he's absolutely right. I mean, there's no argument there It just seems like Cox has been making some terrible decisions. I mean the general manager of this radio station Just finished reading Howard's book loves the book loves Howard, but the bottom line is that this company doesn't have the guts to put Howard on Because they're scared to death They're gonna get fine. They're gonna get there. They're gonna buy I mean what are these people thinking about it? They want to have radio stations They're right in the 20th century that appeal to the living and breathing demographics I mean look at infinity infinity has made in spite of all the finds and sput all the grief They have made millions and millions and millions and dollars dollars off a Howard They've bought up radio stations from coast to coast all over the goddamn country because they got the balls to go ahead and press on Absolutely, maybe these people here need press on balls. That's what they need and that's the problem with the management as long as Cox on it Yeah, it'll never get anywhere. Ron will be a second-hand wind Well, we can only hope for the best in one day. Maybe Howard will lead into your show and there you go He just the way they should be or maybe infinity you'll hire me to do mid days on all their stations and follow Howard That would be interesting and then maybe hell will freeze over there you go all right have a great life You too that's something to think about maybe hell will freeze over We have an open line in date. It'll sure freeze over sooner than we'll have Howard in Florida It's 11 14 at WIOD and WSUN after noon it too. It's Rick and Suds then it's six it's sports talk six 10 I'm gonna start on this thing and I'm gonna wrap it all year long Coming next year the king of pots for your hometown To ring to benefit the cargo class is school for wayward boys It's Michael I That's right from the time as tunes of the Jackson five to the classic solo work Michael Jackson's benefits please I'm gonna run my sofa, but you've been Nile Some call me big brother, some are better files And I know I'm too defiled, I just sit for a while and Dense her sensor, Michael Jackson Sometimes I'm too depressed, I just sit around so can't wait and for a call From a call we call again When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone, I Dense her sensor, and her be one of the five lucky boys To receive backstage passes, to hang out in Michael Jackson's Pressing her Michael Jackson's benefit Um, hey, yeah, I might go, yes Bobby, is that your real skin colour? It's inside with cats, but I know it came that we can play to find out As a refugee flight, you know it's time to free willy What you want, but you know who I give a picture of me Don't know how to read, but then don't boys give me Bobby, you'll sit no And here are the rousing finale, as Michael sings the song he wrote for the Children of the World, with the Vienna Boys Choir, back in Hema I don't like her Oh, I like milk children They are the ones who turn me on in hate I hope they win land It's such awesome making All my school of their lives, but it's true They make you greatest lame, when they're just fine Here are other great Michael Jackson classics Like Billy's jeans, do you know how to tell time? And of course, smooth criminal, just with Michael Jackson's tour To benefit the cargo classy school, for waward boys Get your tickets now, boys under 10 admitted free When a company buying no one They're white, they're really really tight Oh, they're black, they're white, they're really really tight One year for a lover to WIWD, we have an open line in date 751 WIOD, one in Broward's 524 And let's do Hollywood, hello Hollywood, gone, long gone Yes sir, hey, second time cooler Okay, long slow on the uptake Right, right, I've had you on hold here Neil, I'm smart The reason I'm calling is I committed myself to go to a panther's game And if I'm going to be spending 25, 26 dollars for a seat Could you tell me what is a good location in New Arena? Huh? The arena, when I'm going to the panther's game Yeah, I'm spending like 28 dollars Twenty two bucks or 28 bucks? Okay, 28, what would you good seat to get? Do you know like what's section or You know, because I know nothing, I've never gone Well, panther's game before You want to sit about halfway up? Halfway up? Anywhere in the arena, you want to sit from halfway to two Ther's up in a lower bull Where you want to sit like way down in front of the upper bull Okay, but you don't know any numbers or sections or anything like that No, okay, just upper bull And anywhere in the arena, correct? Anywhere is inside the arena would be good Yeah, well, I like in between where they sell the hot nuts And the where the game is, on the ice And the game, all right, my next question is Neil Is I don't understand Or like on the back of the Zamboody would be good You get a good view in between periods, not so much during the action But excellent between periods I don't know the rationale that your company uses when they fire Mike Renieri put him on a paycheck for the next six months or so Next ten months Next ten months, they just handed the man away And he was making a pretty good buck here And he's doing great on 10 months And now he's doing great on QA He's not doing great on QA He's on WMRZ and he's not doing great But that's not the point The point is that they've perceived that there was a problem Which there probably was But rather than knowing what the alley we're going to do They went into a big panic Oh, it's got we got to get him off And they paid him all that money And then they proceeded to screw the radio station up Instead of just saying, well, we got another year to go on the guys contract Let's we got all that time to sit back Figure out what great thing we're going to do And instead of doing that, they went into a panic And they screwed the whole place up And now they're doing the same thing again They've had all these months to figure out Well, they don't really want all news in the morning We better do something else, we're going to start running And now they still don't know what they want to do They just don't know what they want And you'll have a happy new year And back to the heap of the work And the work to see you Open line of dates, 751 and 2 and Broward Whether they have no opinions Because there's nobody listening to this radio station Anyway, it's Broward Unless we have something to give away to him At 5249463 Come on, get off your dead ass for once in your life We're like at the crossroads here, man We're right at the edge We've come right to cross creek We're right at the edge of the triple cross ranch here For our big new year's Eve gathering Why don't we have a new year's Eve party there too, okay? For anybody who didn't get sick in the morning from the Christmas party Let's go back to the scene of the crime again And we can eat some of that leftover slot from the Christmas party That to me kind of epitomizes the mentality of this current regime Here at this radio station Let's have a Christmas party out in the freezing blowing cold And get everybody sick and have everybody, you're real excited about it By the way, speaking of excited Ecia is back from vacation You should have seen her running down the hall Oh my god Like a school girl The lovely Ecia who works in a county downstairs And of course deserves a purple heart for that Because she works with Gary Mills in the same room But anyway, it's a big, big major Luis Miguel Fan And her husband's probably pretty psychotic about it And I am going to tell you when she found out I was going to that concert She would like spazzing all over this room And going crazy and changing her underwear And so she just came back from vacation And I have her that autograph picture I mean real, personally autograph by Luis himself And she is just foaming it the mouth It is so moist in accounting down there right now It may rain inside the room, okay? 1123 at WIOD and WSUN Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news Information trends and what's happening This Saturday and Sunday morning right here Dominion T Okay, don't burn those joke books in the court Their jazz is going to need those this afternoon 1127 at WIOD Let's burn one, baby We have an open line in Broward 5249463 And let's do a mobile in Tampa, hello Neil, yes sir About this Ronnie Rontting What is it? It's a Ronnie Rontting Poor thing Oh Just a joke, just a joke or head Bad one Want to put them back on the 95 Y and F in the morning Why don't they put us all back on Y and F? Now wouldn't that make a lot of sense? What if since they bought WIO and F, why don't they put Ron and Ron back on the morning over there Which is where they used to be Stick to rest of us on there Which we had a weekend We were like taking off like crazy Like a gigantic helicopter And just really go with it That's about to say He caught a lot of assholes That's why Ron and Ron are more than you Rick and S us and Randy On FM and we have a 15 share in it Mark and we would own it And we could wrap it up and put a bow on it Leave last to there and Drew and jazz And all of them guys and they am there There you go Either topics and whatever And they go up against FLA and we would have a good App and station again Now you're talking Sounds good to me You're hired PD man I'll be right there Okay Bye See ya I just don't have the enthusiasm for that You know I got like I'm too old I'm an old fart night admitted Now I'm not going to sit here I'm not going to sit here I'm not going to do anything I don't want to do If people start calling me hip or cool Which they never will Then I'm going to start getting nervous Because I'm an old fart And that's what I am And I'm not going to pretend to be The hipster Oh you're really a hipster man Maybe like 20 years ago Some guys were hipsters Back when it was hip to like Be running around with a Bung Chained your bike And you know crawling around on the ground And even all over your shoes But you know times they are Changes Here's a mobile in North Miami Hello Yeah I know it Okay sir I got a very important question Yes Okay How does that camp And the need to the signs And the arena And follow that action That fit How is it operated How is it operated How is it operated How does the way You know the little camera that hangs on the need to take things Go aboard How does it spin in quality action Something Somethings are trained to spin real fast Yeah but who operate it I mean how do they operate it Somebody looking through a pair of glasses That the action I drew Michaels Oh Somebody who knows how to spin real fast Okay Okay Glad we got you the answer pal I came to the right place Good luck to you Happy New Year See ya Open line and Broward I enjoyed doing that Now I think I'm just going to start ripping off him It's jazzed Junior, see ya Let's burn one Got somebody for a 12 pack Give me some cigarettes Give me a lovely some cigarette By the way, do need to cigar by the way Guy like that smoke and faggot man I'd be kind of embarrassed Be put in faggot in my mouth, jazz Anyway, oh speaker That look we got here Off to join the Navy and seek his fortune How are you doing Neil? Okay Josh I don't know what I'm doing yet So young man who came to me Came to Flanagan a couple of weeks ago on Edmondy Night Asked me for advice on his life And I said just go join the Navy Would the village people I don't think it all over the world Take a lot of showers And don't drop the soap pal That's my best advice Put that soap on a rope So can you hang on Thank you Adam Adam just gave me something long and hard Oh yeah Yeah That's the guy soft And soft, you're right It is very soft Well anyway And kind of short Now this is not slow No I don't listen to jazz Yeah I don't care about jazz Well you know I'm not trying to manipulate the conversation It's like any day Whatever you want to talk about is fine But I am trying to listen to some honest Feedback from the audience And they refuse to do it Because they They're out and they didn't They feel if I disagree with them That they're going to get a lot of crap But they might But how can there be so many spinalists People out there That's what really bothers me Why is it that almost Everybody who calls any radio talk She'll feel that they have to suck around Or they're going to get a lot of crap And what if they do get a lot of crap What's wrong with that? What's the big deal? Feed do I ever suck around for crap? Yes What did I suck around? I'll take you something You probably sucked around in your time man You're not kidding me You're not kidding me I picked out a hair And I got a hat that was it Yeah That's right He got me a Neil Godhead He even sucked around Yeah That was the first time Then we like we left it Yeah Well after the first time it's a lot easier But that's not what I call Yeah Let's get right to it Josh Let's put on all these verbal claims They're right out of the meat of the matter You don't want ESPN So what do you think of Mark Hamill? Would you do it with Mark? No, I'm not talking about Mark Hamill You think anybody alive would do it Maybe that's why he hangs around with all those little mechanical Like R2D2 Are you going to keep interrupting me? Yeah Oh god, that'll make it harder for me to get it out Well I'm trying to make it harder for you to get out All right, well I thought it was a revolutionized football You know they all have all these fights We get mad at Brian Talks Yeah Taking people's butts We get mad at Reggie White For getting off physical We get mad at Lawrence Taylor For breaking somebody's leg No, we don't We like it, we enjoy it All right, exactly And we're in brutal violence We love it and we relish every second of it That's why hockey game Many tenders are fighting Spide of all these pans users They say, oh let's get the fighting out of hockey It's disgusting It's spider that every time there's a fight People are like spazzing all over each other And playing grab ass and hump each other Any aisle and getting really into it You hit my point right on the nose Uh-huh That's what I want to do I want to From now on it's like somebody wants to get real upstarted In the football game Let them have that They're so flat Like they do in hockey man Right, let them play We're staying back and let it go to it And do about three or four rounds of that I'm kicked a living crap out of each other Right, and it can basically The talent has been so that I'm losing now The caliber of play is so marginal and so embarrassing That most games in the NFL are panzy games They're pathetic So let's let them go out there and beat the living crap out of each other Because maybe that's something they can excel at Especially Bryan Cox and Zikantaker anybody Right, and then if you get to relieve this stuff Let's sit out and see your series Right, exactly And we'll say, okay Now you can come back and you drive through some gander Now over your head, your little Say for now, let's let you go back And I can throw it out and get all your team gets mad at you Right, right? That same concept Exactly I think you hit on something there That's it That's it Okay See Two upper lines and brodered five two four See 1134 Wiodn WSUN Tonight after Randy Rhodes It's Don and Mike You're so crazy I know that the sword even loves Neorodris I know that the sword even loves Neorodris I everybody welcome back to the countdown I'm your host Crazy Kasem with a letter from a listener in Manu del P.A. The Reeves Dear Crazy My friend and I have a bet going for one million dollars In Madonna's video I'm going to make a prayer There's an actor in the background that's burning on a cross Now I say it's our senior hall And my Fred says it's game show host Bird-Combie Crazy Which one of us is right? And it's signed Praying for pay off Well, praying both you and your friend are wrong It isn't an actor at all But singer songwriter Tiffany that's burning on that cross And an interesting side note They had a hard time keeping poor Tiffany on the cross During the filming Because she kept dropping down a couple of notches Let's listen What the fuck am I doing? What the fuck am I doing? I got it! Give me all this crap! And there you have it with Donna Burning for another big hit Thanks for the letter In till next time This is Crazy Kasem and Remember to keep your feet on my face And your toes on my tongue So I can chew your nails with my teeth Funny too, till then You know what really pisses me off about the audience Is that they have these focus groups that they do These people in management Then they do their research And they do all this other stuff And they deal with like little tiny hands full of people And they make decisions on a programming On our future and your future of listening Based on input from a relatively tiny Bizarre group of people And then when I come on here Which we do once in a great while Like today And try to get people Honestly and hopefully in the experience You know God damn well that they're paying attention And they're like sitting back Especially in Broward when Unless we're giving something away They're never gonna call And you got nothing to say And then they'll make some stupid bonehead move And everybody will be calling then and say Well see how the hell did they ever do that Don't they listen to the audience? Here's a clear water Hello What's up? How you doing sir? All right. Do you want to hear about Kasem? Kasem? Kasem? Yeah. Well, I never listened to I was just 20 after your show was over Yeah. I just couldn't handle those guys And now I know what you advertise It's like on 620 from 2 to 6 This guy is funny Yeah. You got Ron and Ron Coming on in the morning again Uh-huh. So I'll listen to that Kasem calling the afternoon Kasem calling the afternoon But I was out walking the dog The other day in the football field And the guy made me laugh so hard Really? I mean I fell down Did he was talking about fat girls Is this something I like to see? He talks about things that are appealing Like fat women Fat women he was talking Some of whom he told me about We're the fat women bar bars around here The Titi bars Yeah. And he said, yeah, there's a place right across The street from so and so and he was going on He said, he even got flower on the stage Haha. It's just hilarious He never heard anything like that I just laughed to get at him pissed off I love it You know, you say things that appealed to a certain Element A certain spectrum Yeah. People listen to hear those things Right. You're a Luis Miguel Really, really sucks Yeah. Okay. When you talk about that How much do I talk about that? I play one a record at the end of the show Every day which could be by anybody by the way And how much do we need to discuss about that? I mentioned that I gave E.C. a picture And she was dripping all over the county room downstairs And that was basically it But it's not something we have like long likely discussions about Well, there was a time when they talked about Now, get out of here. When the hell was that? You know, when you talk about those things With like the Miller was placed lady Yeah. That's exciting To hear another woman talking about Oh, you, in other words, you're like a lawyer And you want to hear women talking about things that get them off Like a woman yesterday, the one who called up the older woman Yeah. She was on the verge of an emotional break Well, there you go, but she was talking about Luis Miguel In other words, it's not him that bothers you. It's like if I'm talking about it Some fag is talking about it. But if a woman is talking about it Then that's a turn on for you Yeah, but that's my point. There's things that appeal And then there's things that don't. And people just listen through the other stuff Yeah, but jazz. Well, of course that's true Jazz McCain is worldly. He knows things he's been around Erasing. I think that worldly Erasing is where you learn it for Erasing. You know, and some of the other problems I'm not going to mention Rick and so it's but they just don't really know what's Time ball. Yeah, there's no other happening out there But McCain is good. Yeah. And he's going to run to block What around the block? Well, listen, I want to hear these things I'm not here to argue with you. I want to hear what the people think You know, but you got to point there about the bongs around all this There are a lot of people around who do still do those things Oh, let me tell you something. That stuff when I would nickers, okay I mean, here's the guy who's living back in the 60s and the early 70s, okay So George has got a bung in a house or right away he thinks that that's in I'm sorry that I mean, maybe you got a little hash pipe somewhere And that's about it. Forget about that with a bung The guy is trying to be like the Jim Morrison of the 90s Jim Morrison's been dead for 25 years already, okay? But it could be an act to it. I really don't think that Somebody who smokes that much weed could be that sharp because he's got a sharp whip He can't possibly be a stoner. Yeah. He's probably a recovering stoner. Yeah. Can I ask you something else Neil? Go ahead. There's a guy out there listening. He doesn't have the Cajunas to call. Yeah. He's going to Vegas on the 11th of January. Yes sir. He's looking for the good sports books out there. Hilton Hotel, a best sports book in Vegas. That's the place. Hilton. Hoss Vegas Hilton. And he wants to know about any good transvestite bars out there. Tom Nicole, jazz. Call jazz. See ya. See ya. We have an open line on the Green line. What an hour getting into a man and Adam's getting really upset. Why have you got such a thing with him? You get into these tremendous conflicts with people. Who was the last one that he had a big thing with? Somebody that was here briefly. Was it Drew? Not somebody. You had like a major contratops with here before. Now it's jazz. He's just like there at each other hammer and dog tongue. And we still got two open lines in Broward 5249463 because like I said, they have no input. They have nothing to offer to this conversation. And then in a couple of months they'll say, well, gee, how to how to this all happen? We think it sucks. Even though we have no opinion on anything, we think it sucks. Here's South Beach. Hello. Happy New Year. Yeah. Hey, you want some honest feedback? Yes, sir. Okay. This could be the first on his collar we had all day next to the last one. I don't think so. Anyway, my opinion is I think jazz has potential. But I think the station needs a new lineup. And I think this could work. Well, they're working on it. You could have saw it. You could have accommodated such who's holding hours. We know. And I think these personalities are perfectly matched. So I would suggest that we go against Broward and Ron in the morning with the morning ego show with Rick and Jazz and in jazz. Yeah. Yeah. And I think we got enough weed to supply both of them. Well, what about this? We have to knew buzz report with Ted and Sud. Yeah. There you go. I think this guy's got a Rick and Suds and Ted and Jazz. They can just bring in bales in here. Man, every time they confiscate like a couple hundred bales, they can just ship it right over here in a morning. Anyway, Neil, I unfortunately have to go to Naples. Yes. Well, you're right about that part. Unfortunately. Have you been? Have I been to one? Not wrong, but Florida, Naples Florida. No, I don't. I've been through their real fast. Well, which way would would you go to the Tammy Amy Trail on the 75? Tammy, Amy Trail, what are you talking about? How do you get over? Naples, you just go, you just shoot straight across alligator rally. Goes right to Naples. What kind of map are you looking at? I'm not. I think you got something rolled up in that map, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I have a request too. Yes, sir. NYPD Blomie. Okay. See ya. Yeah. Wouldn't want to be ya. See ya. We have an open line in day 751 and one in Broward and two on the Green lines. Now, they're a little slow today as usual. We got some great stuff to give away here. Though we got some red and red and red, they're a little slow. So, we got some red and red. So, we got some red and red. And that's the next step. Yeah. See you next week. And that's the next step. See you next week. And that's another thing with that asshole deral in there. Oh, man. What an idiot that kid is. What a moron. What is this new deal? Every afternoon I hear, I mean, do they ever give us anything to give away? If I give something away, it's got to be something that I got at home by mistake that I don't want to for myself. Or something that I paid for like the 200 hockey tickets. And we got the chipmunksing and up your asset Christmas. And whatever else that thing was. What the was that? But that's a deral at work again. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. You want the feedback on jab? I think it's pretty good. No, no. I want feedback period on what, you know, we're in the process here. Management is analyzing all of this. I would like to know what this audience would like in a morning and the afternoon and whatever else. I think what's it? I'm not going anywhere. I'd say you got to be careful because you guys got a good thing going now if you wouldn't reconcile. I like reconcile that for you. And you got to keep in mind, half of the brick and the fence aren't up so new in any way. Yeah. You can't really put them on. What about the jazz people? Somebody suggested put him on in the morning. Those people are dead. They're just coming in at that hour. That's true. But he's a tower. He's better than what you got now in the morning. And what do you got to lose? I mean, what kind of what kind of an audience you got in the morning now? So stick his ass on in the morning is what you say. I put I said and leave everything else the same. Okay. That's not all I got for you. Thank you. Open line and Broward 524 and 2 on the green lines where they're just sitting back waiting for a Ron and Ron. And like I said, these people who are listening to us right now, most of them wouldn't know Ron and Ron if you stuck them up their ass. Because basically we still have that A.M audience. That guy that called me for about the Y and F thing. Not only was he right, but it just really really frost my ass when I think about it. If they had any idea that they were going to make any kind of a bit or any effort to get Ron and Ron back, wouldn't it have made sense? They were buying WINF and since they were gigantic on WINF over there to put them on WINF and like transfer this whole thing over there to FM it would have made all the sense in the world. Right? Yes. But not for us. No, no. It's in FN. Baby, we got a crank out the slush man. Got a crank out the music because it's real cheap. And we want to run those spots through there and make it into our jukebox cash cow. Baby, because that's what talks things about FN. God forbid that we should put anything really entertaining and outrageous and amazing on FN because oh no, that's only on A.M. It cost too much money. 1040, 11, oh God, don't say that. 1147, a WINF, WINF. B. Following sports talks, six to you. It's Randy Rhodes. You start crazy, you're sick, dear. Come on, you are guilty. Yeah, he's really going to butt-packs and he's really going to give up Ron and Ron. It's the only thing he's got on any state he's got on the whole state that's got a number. And he's going to give up Ron and Ron so they can come over here to IOD. Add a boy, Adam, you're really on top of it. Anyway, here's today's teller jokes. I'm sorry. Don't start giving me these are for, uh, he's probably paying the big box for it. That's why I can't afford a pack of cigarettes. He has his paying the big box for the teller joke. Here's some of the good material you might hear later on today. A 59 year old British woman is given birth to twins. Doctors had to give her something for pain. She just got there bill. Princess Diana visited Washington, D.C. the other day. She was amazed at Congress and has a house where someone speaks. See, I'm not too great about guys who got like joke books and like can stuff and like, I'm into a little more spontaneous. You know what I'm talking about? But it could be just me. Here's North Miami. Hello. How are you doing, sir? I like Jeff. Yeah. For the same reason that I like Rick and the other. Okay. There had the raw material, the raw show. And then that a ripple for your show like a runny. Yeah. Like what? Like runny. No, Randy is not a rip off of this show. Well, I'm telling you my opinion. Okay. I think that she's risked real life. I listen to her all the time. I don't hear that at all. People say that because it's become popular to say that. I don't hear that. Well, I hear that. And you know, I'm not respect. Like what? Everyone knows that runny is ripping off your material. I don't know what. I'm being the farting, the old, whatever, how about our wait a minute? Speaking of the farting, how about all the farting at the beginning of a jazz show? I had open thing with all those little farts that goes on for like about a minute and a half. What is that? I mean, everybody on this station with parts a lot. That's just a little thing that he does. But he's on show. Yeah. I don't know what's going on between you and Randy. Maybe this one's a little something going on. Yeah. We have a little something going on. Basically, she blows everyone. Oh, you just got through Santa. Everyone knows it. No, I do not know. No, no. No. So, not only, so when I was, you not only want to give me your opinion, but you want to make it my opinion. I was at the says that it, this is why you can't have a disagreement with somebody because unless I agree with you, then there's going to end in hostility. Is that it? No, I'm just thinking like you for you. Yeah. I just want to come on the air and run to Ray, like a shaken in the coop. Right. That's why you listen to the show every day. That's why you listen to the show every day. Because I just want to come on a rant and raven the manipulate everybody. Yeah. I want to even lick me tough. You say you want us somebody we both to call you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. But I want to hear your opinion. I don't want to have to you telling everybody else that's my opinion. Because it's not. It is. Okay. It's a little more who's going on the earth. Okay. Everybody. No, I don't want to hear about me either. I want to hear what you think should be on a station. Okay. Don't start turning it into what attack against me because I don't agree with what you're saying. We have if breaking so is going to morning, don't just die. There's just disappear. Don't die. Okay. No audience in the morning for reconciled. Okay. Well, then what should we put on in the morning? Okay. They should get anybody other than Randy. Maybe they should get Howard Stern. Howard Stern is not going on this radio station sir. I know that. They're not going to put Howard Stern. It's a cox station. Okay. Cox, cox, cox. Okay. They should get whoever in the morning. Okay. Well, my answer. Wait. Answer. Whoever. I'll use you. I'll use you. I hear. I'll see. Mornings. Whoever. Afternoons. Whoever. Nighttime. Whoever. And overnight. Whoever's going to be pretty guy. Damn. Busy. They should have jazz between eight and eleven and give. Red or Randy. We want something different. We don't want somebody ripping off you. Right. You know, everybody who wants to have somebody ripping off the greaseman and Howard and the joke. Yeah. That's true. That everybody's here. You know, it's like, what is it? If you're going to rip somebody off for if somebody who's not in the immediate market so that nobody knows you're ripping them off. Yeah. That's your point. There's no way we can have you under him. Run. You're right. Asked you. Right. The thing crap. You know, Rick himself like the icing on the cake. One day come on after you. Different crap. Different crap. You know, I'm they talk about drugs. So what's the big deal about? Yeah. That's what they've been doing. What? Ten years already. Yeah. But Rick's a board again. Christian, he's not doing that anymore. Just on a weekend, maybe. Well, being a board, I get interested in those and Next was already keep your way from doing drugs. Oh, is that it? Is a natural thing, I guess. In other words, it keeps other things out of your mouth. Yeah. Okay. So let's get rid of Randy. Okay. Have something different. Okay. I've got to stay in the afternoon jazz at night. And whoever in the morning. You know, I'm waiting for anybody who wants to do drugs and come in and listen to jazz and get burned. Okay. But Randy, you're just reaping you off. Okay. She's gone. She's gone. Okay. You wish. See ya. We have an open line. It's in date 751. See ya. And let's do a Fort Lauderdale on the set. That guy was good. He had the hit and all right done. Pat. Fort Lauderdale on the starline. Well, hey, you're aiming USA. Yes. How you doing? I listen to jazz myself. I think he's really cool, man. Yeah. I want for a brighter point of view. Uh-huh. We can't look at radio programming from a Biker point of view. You've got that many bikers out there, you know? We've got the attitude and what it takes to make it. And in this business. There you go. I think this is confirmed for a professional himself. A professional. Why? A professional. Oh, for. Okay. We got a rolling waco. You know, I'm saying we talk our own language. You know, I do understand. Yeah. And while as far as I'm a surgery, he should replace Rick and so. He's got my day. I mean, he makes him the risk of my day for the really cool. Okay. He's a real cool dude. You know, okay. You're not even listening to you for like 10 years, but I just don't like fagging myself. But that's right. I don't like him going to the gay bars. I don't do that myself. Well, that's where he picked up his wife. And picked up his wife. What? Let me ask you questions. You got a fat wife. I'm not going to start picking on his wife. That would be better. He has a fat wife. Uh-huh. Uh, I'm not into fat women. I know what she's fat. She's a little, uh, a little, uh, a little soft. I can't do a fat woman. A little, uh, sloppy. Yeah. I can't do a fat woman. Yeah. Now she's a nice lady. I'm not going to start picking on the guys. Why if that's gross? Especially when they start farting and snowing. I can't. Yeah. He likes that. He likes farting and smelling the women who got like a little extra meat on their bones. That's a can all be like an arrexic like Adam. That's right. That's I'm talking about. But when they've been it, but I just as far as I'm a surgery, you know. He's okay. But even that he's got, you know, he's cool anyway. Yeah. He's in hip. It's called for a boy group point of view. Thank you's right on you know. Same. Okay. Okay. See you in the. Yeah. We have an open line on the sterile. How's that sell you know one line coming along by the way? How's that? Did they work on that? Yeah. They'll get that straightened out as soon as they get Rick Alpo straightened out. That's all going to happen on the same day. Uh, did I say we have an open line on the sterile line if you have a bell soft mobility hop on that baby right now because I think we're finally starting to get some true analization of what's going on over here now. And this is what we need is some input from the insiders here who know what they'll is going on because the people who operate this place. They wouldn't know a radio programming if somebody slid a manual up their ass. Which they paid probably 30, 40, 50 grand for some real high intensive research again. We're researching it. We're digesting it. We're chewing it. We're spitting it out. We're chewing our cut and then when we get all done, we'll screw it up. So even some more. And of course anybody that would put in the right place. Anybody that would put Drew Michaels on here and then turn around and say, Oh, I just don't hear that. I don't hear that he sounds real fae. He's obviously got a real good ear for radio. Here's a lady in Tampa. Hello. Hi. Okay. Here's what I think. I think we should have. Jazz and night. Rick and Subjector News. You midday and have a crisp baker in the morning. Chris Baker in the morning. Why not? I don't know. First time we can eat pretty good. Uh, this is not a lady. Is this? No. No. It's a little kid. I mean, you got guy. How old are you, sir? I'm 13. Okay. There you go. I don't call up jazz and haven't told you to start drinking a lot of whiskey and smoke a lot of dope so that your voice changes. Okay. Okay. But they start out slow. He's pretty good. It's better than Bob. There you go. There you go. You know something I think you finally hit on something. I say jazz for afternoons in Tampa would be a hell of a great idea. He would do a 20-share over there. I'm probably going to blow up. I'm going to put it on. Huh? But then we won't get rid of it. It's mostly moved out. Yeah, you write about that. I'm already kicked off of there. I'm not going to have a concert up here now. Rick and Suds are that's the only one thing that we'll probably know two things. We know Ron and Ron will be on the morning. I WSUN starting Monday. We also know that starting Monday. Last year goes to have to noon over there and Rick and Suds are history and Tampa. I'd like to play their tapes. Unless they're going to play their tapes, which, how do you, you can't take a morning show and play it back. It just doesn't cut it. Well, what's not to do from six to eight the first two hours of the Rick and Suds show? Right. Or why don't they do the Rick and Suds show on tape from six to ten? At least the times will be right. Yeah. Traffic may be a little screwed up, at least the times will be right. Especially since it's not even the traffic for that. See, the problem is that they're going to be not only doing a morning show, but it's going to be in this market. They're not going to be on live over there. So to replay the tapes of a show that's geared to what other market I don't think cuts it. Yeah, well, it's pretty mixed up. I'll see you later, Nick. Okay, see ya. Open line in date, 751 and one on a greeney weeney line. South Florida's news talk and entertainment station, news talk radio's 16 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale.