There's a painful fact about Neil Rogers you should know that's a major cause of stiffness and swelling. Oh! You've talked radio's 610, W-I-O-D presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk with Neil dial 751 W-I-O-D from day in Broward 524 W-I-O-D. Outside the 305-area code, toll-free, 1-800-944-W-I-O-D, and bell-south mobility customers make it a free call by dilating star, now the Neil Rogers Show on you talk radio's 610 W-I-O-D. You let pasch all my hand go break, you let me pop out now. So we can call this Christmas. It's the politically correct, the ACLU, has said the object, sent us no longer jolly, he's differently sized, and he's not a white man, he's Melanie Pryve. He has a lovely town, he has a lovely new house. He's a beautiful man, he's a nice man and he's a rich man, he's a beautiful man, he's a beautiful man, he's a rich man, he's a rich man, he's a rich man, I'll need a defense. Girls are now pre-women. When they're under ten, but in the beginning, weren't we all cement? We must be so careful as not to defy the one who's not so we say the homeless our undomous eyes. Because our kids are the best to proficiency. To fail is a achieving a deep efficiency. If you want to be a DC Insider then start calling hookers sex care providers So we can't call this Christmas is not believe they progress the Liberals to the burn the world. The president has had a big surprise to anybody which president did we have? The president has been screwing around a little bit. What's the president do we have? There wasn't screwing around a little bit on the side. And Jimmy what is that? What is it? It's got a couple of candles and it says Sally was here. What do I know? Look at that one is shorter than the other. She must have had start for Christmas. It's from a tisket a tisket. It's like a beautiful thing. It's got two candles and a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a light. It's like a red light. Having a person here in Montampus, friend. They should start the green lines. Whiping on over there. They're. Ballet of green lines. Bus stops on guysブ賽ball 저gli a Here's Margade. Good morning. Wait until you sir. I just got it from Chicago. Okay, how was it? Besides cold as crap. Cold and it was snowing. Yeah. I got an nasty and windy. Oh, terrible. And obnoxious? Yes. Yeah. All the above. Uh-huh. But I'm a nearly from way back. I've only been up there for about a year and a half. And I heard you talking about Camilla's. And I need to pick up a couple of tapes. Right. You go to peaches. Any peaches like nearby you? They got them all. Peaches. Best in the old best to Randy video. The best to Rick and SUDS. Couset and CD. All the t-shirts. The great IOD calendar. Which pleased by at least 10 of those. Okay. I'm telling you. That's good. And I got to get down to see the pizza loft. That's one thing that I miss. Even though they got some great restaurants in Chicago. They really do. And pizza loft is still good. It is. It's El Primeral. That's it. In fact, you just keep saying that. I do. I believe that. Hey. Oh, sir. A little distracted. Oh, sorry about that. That's okay. Anyway, are you getting up to Chicago? The watch the cups. No, I gave up the cups for Circa's. Although quite frankly, the way the Marlins are shaping up for next season, we might have to make another trip up there to see real baseball game. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm walking this into, uh, to Rickley. And I can catch the L any time I want to run down to Kimiski. It's a real sports in 10. Yes, sir. One of the great sports towns in the universe. Absolutely. Well, thank you, Neil. Have a great holiday. Happy mowl. What are they? To see you. Ciao. Bye. Happy mowl of days. That's what they see in China. We have an open line in the blue line and one on the green line. I'm going to take about a five minute break so I can watch this because at least this one doesn't bounce up and down on my set. This is the one that bounces up and down. This is the only one I really want. I mean, especially with a short hair. That part there where he looks like really, really, well, it always looks really good. That one right there. It just bounces up and down by itself and the picture too. I mean, it's one thing if you make it bounce up and down, but it's just going to hops up and down by itself. Holy Toledo. Anyway, it's 12 and I'm going back to Vegas. Okay, tell with this place. This is just, this is like pretending to be alive here. That's the deal in Florida. This whole state is like a pretence at being alive. And I go through that thing yesterday about how it was just packed with people out there. Everybody have it a great time. The MGM grand opens up Saturday that treasure Ireland. Everybody's out there with their kids having a great time. And the Luxor would the big spinks and the pyramid. And it's just a cacophony of great stuff happening. And all these great shows would, you know, I haven't seen that many shows out there. The Luis Miguel, one of course, was spectacular. It didn't even come close to describing it. I bet you, there's never even been a bad show. Well, maybe, you know, sometime over all of these years. But there aren't too many. I mean, unless they really are up to a muster, you won't see bad shows in Vegas. I mean, they go to the whole nine yards. They're all the top entertainers. They all, they just can't describe it. And what do we got here? Maybe we still have like a peppy field to sing it on the beach. Huh? How about Tubby Boots? Can they dig him up again and prop him back up on your one more show? Tubby, come on, you can do it. Put it away, Louis. 12 13 at WIOD and WSUN. On second. Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news. Information trends and what's happening. This Saturday and Sunday morning right here. Come on, you are your team. Hey, Neil, f*** you. We wish you a magnet Texas. We wish you a magnet Texas. Oh. We wish you a magnet Texas. With your big mouth and ears. You must be real sore. Being made by alcohol. You're delightful. We wish you a magnet Texas. With your power on my ears. Incredible. We go with so you want this. Now you're reaching me, Chunkers. Cause now, don't have my Congress. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How come I can't find any bit long enough to cover this video on Wax and what a bitch this is. I was supposed to be a Merry Christmas, damn it. Anyway, we're just rolling along Siggin' the song. Today's Rick and Sud's last debut for the Go On Vacation. And tomorrow, Jazz McCay is gonna be filled in for our Rick and Sudge with our great affected radio voice of each. He'll be riding in on his Harley, which he don't own one. Now he's all right. He just needs to calm down a little bit and stop being Mr. Redounce here. Okay, if he would stop doing that. And if he would just worry a little bit less about bikers and titty bars and drugs. And you know, come up with something else like, uh, no, I guess basically that's him. You know, I guess that covers him to a T. He'll be all right. He'll be in for them all next week as a matter of fact from 2 to 6. Can you handle it? I think so. Don't have any choice. Anyway, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? From men this man, my wife and I had our first hockey game last night. And he was great. Oh, beautiful. Hey, let me ask you something. This is the reason I call. Is it true that you're going to be at Bowders College graduation in January? Yeah. Oh, that's what they're saying. Yeah, yeah, right. Hey, that's what they told us. Yeah, no question about it. And other than that, thanks for playing with me. Galician, he the best. The watching him right now is on, uh, hit TV right now doing, uh, Huchi Kuchi for about 20 minutes here. Fantastic. I got something for you. I bet. Neil Rogers, you're great, Bobby. Ha ha, bye. Ha ha. Well, I can't believe it. Was that Rocky H. Verrier or what? Huh? Pop this. We have two open lines in both and Broward at, uh, what's the number? Well, I'm busy popping it at 5249463. Damn it. All good things must come to an end. And it just did. And the video, too. Anyway, let's go to Hialia. Hello. Hello. How's it going? Great, sir. You're at the other best. I want to say that before I go on. I'm working on it. He's sucking around any longer. Great. I'm a suck up. So what? I didn't. You turn me on the Lewis McGalke. Beautiful. And I have to tell you. He's not only a very handsome man, but he does have a voice. And now I understand why you're so much into this guy. The best, great talent, great performer, great everything. I mean, what's not to like? Very true. I never thought that day would come that I would be a Lewis McGalke fan like himself. But here I am, screaming out to the world, getting out of the closet. I'm a Lewis McGalke fan and I love it. That is a miracle, you know? It is a total miracle. Right. I think he owes me now. Did you get to pay check? Not yet. Why not? I'm ready reminded me, by the way. You know, where the hell's my check? And I'm saying to Adam downstairs to see if there's anybody in coming get my guy in check. I don't want any afternoon and they haven't paid you. No, and not only that, but it's the beginning of this long bustman's holiday weekend. And I wouldn't be surprised if some of these derelicts sneak out of here early today for like a four day weekend. You're probably shining if you check this. Right. Wouldn't surprise me. Probably can't come up with it. You know, the talent they put on lately at WIOD with the Drew Show and everyone else. Yeah, it's an earthly gift. I'm sorry, you're right. Anyway, listen, I just call it to say hello and in closing. I like to call my friend Stu and Amy majorly douchebag. Thanks, Nick. Okay, see ya. Wow, emotional, a basketball case. I've just got a task. We have an open line in date, 751 and 2 and Brower and 524. He thinks I'm joking. You know, how is it that you can be so useless? Okay. I ask you for one little favor. One little favor to go down to accounting. See if there's anybody in there and scream into the room. Neo wants his goddamn check. Now. What? What are you doing from me? Did I go to bat for this weasel or not? Did I go to bat for him that I sit in there and like when we had that other derelict that other geek from candle working here? I went to bat for him and now he wants me to do something for you. Not with that crappy outfit you got on for get it. It's one of his schmutzie days. Like I said, Adam's one of those guys. Like about one day out of every 10 he looks really good. And the other nine he looks like he just crawled out of a slime hole somewhere. That's because he's living with Marvin now. 1221 at WIOD and WSUN. And don't forget. Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike. Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. This New Year's Eve, some stations are going to throw parties. Some stations are going to have fun. But not this station. Because this station is going to make you a new person for the new year. Are you? You approve. You just be the 10th color when you hear this sound. No. And we'll come to your house and lock you in an empty closet. That's right. There'll be no more beer. No more cigarette. And no more unprotected sex with minor. You won't have to make new years resolution. Because you'll be locked in a closet. Living a life without temptation. You'll also be fined dehydrated in soil. Winners will be denied beer. cigarettes and unprotected sex with minors for a period of not less than one year from the date of contest. Unless of course winner ops to have sex with himself in which case we'll still make you wear a condom and a spest as smitten. New Year's resolution. Why make them when you don't have to break them. People listening for your chance to win. 1225 Adam went downstairs. Took care of business. Got me my check. What a guy, huh? Oh, boy. I'm telling you that whatever was in that trail, mixed man, I've got hemorrhage now. I can just sense it. I can feel it in my mouth. How do you like that? When's last time you could feel hemorrhage in your mouth? That's how bad they're burning from the tip of my nose to your rainous. Look at the brown lines, man. Speaking of your rainous, all three of them are opening. And we kind of like have swapped today. We had one time all the day lines were open. Then at one time the green lines all went open. And now it's the brown. It's kind of like, you know, like in single patient, right? Isn't that what we wanted to be in single patient on this show? By the way, speaking of syndicated shows, you know that the fat obnoxious self grandizing now. She's skinny, but pretty soon she'll be fat again. Oprah show is the only syndicated show that's like in the top 15. And really makes really, really gigantic bucks. That's the only one. That's why she's worth a billion dollars that obnoxious bitch. Anyway, of course, now that she's been down here in Miami, we don't have any problem with shooting tourists. Already crime problem. Are we right? Because she said she was coming out and just straight in that out. And thank God she did. Thank you, Oprah. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to tell you that you converted me to Louis Miguel. Really? Yeah, the first album that I have was Roman. Yeah. Think it is. Yeah, and now. No, I just watched that. They just showed no say to with those big bass violins. Yeah, that was the first one I bought. Right. Because you I bought 20 years. Yeah, anti-onios. Yeah, and now I'm on the virtual buying. Audio. Exactly. Must get it. I'm telling you, makes all the other ones pale and wins significance. All right. And I want to tell you, you know, I'm at a school right now. Right. But the time you show is, I, you know, when I'm a school, I get into a lot of trouble because of you. Why is that? Something's good. I wear out that one year, one year, headphones. Yeah. And that teacher's get me. Now, I'm probably 20, 30 detention because I listened to a radio. Do you realize? No, so what's more important, screw off with those teachers Tom to get out of your life. You got an important stuff to listen to on his show. Right. Right. Tell him to screw off and stay out of your business. So, here, you're going to turn him in. Yeah, one more thing. Yes, sir. That asshole card, which one, which was his, your sort of Randy? Because I hear I'm both shows. Which one are you talking about? That asshole. What do you mean, the guy who says it? Yeah. The one that goes... Asshole. Exactly. Randy's. But at this station, we're used to sharing assholes. Oh, one. For an enclosing? Yes, sir. I want to call my boss George a big bad, do no work. Tush back. And asshole. And that, too. Good luck, pal. Bye-bye. Happy, whatever. Anyway. I'm not playing this now, I don't think. Well, I got inspired. I saw those videos. And let's do a new Rogers tribute hour on 244 and hit video when he got another else. Oh, boy, the way he rolls that, you know? Just... Go. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Okay, enough. Man. Right on the edge of a very, very moist experience. We have two open lines. They're both in Broward. 5249463. You would be amazed at how many people I'm talking about English-speaking people who never could have given a crap about any, who never would have thought, including me. They would have ever bought a record that was not in English. Have gone out and just grabbed up Luis Miguel. I mean, just hands full of Luis Miguel. And the thought of it is just very, very satisfying. I'm Tonya. So I want a little a rake off. You know what I'm talking about? And tomorrow I'm getting that other album in here. It's interesting, though, that some of the videos that I had seen before like on Telehit that I didn't really like the video. And I allowed that to interfere with my enjoyment of the song. Now, what's do you like first? Do you like the song first? Or do you like the video first when you see the video? I think the video enhances your appreciation. And if you don't never heard the song before, if you don't like the video, it's distracting from the song. Do that make any sense? Because a couple of the songs he sang at the concert, I had seen on the video, like no say two, I hate that video, where they're out there on the grass, in the water. He's got that big symphony orchestra and he's dressed up and that big, ta-t-t-sito. I mean, who wants to see that? Who want to see a lot of naked people like most of the videos? But the song is just tremendous. And so it's got to the point where I really like some of the songs that I didn't care for that much before. And when you hear a performer do something live anyway, it enhances the appreciation. You know what I'm talking about? Is there anybody here who's ever even gotten out of the house? Have you ever left like the room that you're in right now? Like recently in the last year, the year is almost over with I would at least open up the front door and get a fresh breath of air. Something just in hell real deep. Here, here I'm not joking, man. If you know how many perocule people we got in this state, people who like a big trip for them is like a trip up the store to the nearest up the street to the nearest you float them store, that's like a big outing for them. And we also have a lot of people who need to be outed in 94. Here's Miami Beach on a Sterlin. Hello. You saw him guilty of anything. It is up leaving what God said about the little children. Suffolves the little children to come on to meet. Aaaaa! Michael, calling in on the celebrity line. And I'm a boy, Michael, I guess he wasn't finished yesterday. He will be soon. We have an open line in the day 751 in one on the Sterlin at Sterlione. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have to have. All that I have to give. It's my penis, my buttocks, my loratorso, thighs, and any other error that they want it to help children all over the world. Well, he's always been known to give generous lay in, you know what they say. The family that plays together. Fully used together. That's what they say in the meat department. I've programmed. Like I said the other day, if I could just be the bow, I'm at violin. I would probably give the best bow job in the history of music. I said bow job to me. Take it off. What is it? I'm going to start a shrine to Luis Miguel. I'm going to build up a gigantic statue of him like Stark naked out in front of the building. The only question is will he be circumcised or not? That's the question. Does anybody know the answer? Yes. Oh, look at that. Speaking of circumscribed people. Hello, Neil. It's old Mike from Florida Ice. How's it going? How did it go, Sunday? I wasn't here, of course. We lost the game because I wasn't here, but I came back to pull out the big one last night in the game, too. Hey, wind very well, thank you. Good. I'm just calling about Florida Ice and Luis Miguel. Really? You've almost converted me as well. Is he coming to one of our games? I actually heard his great player. No, but, uh, a bit of his. I meant ice hockey. Mm-hmm. You know, it's crazy. Well, he was there for the draw on the World Cup, which by the way, that was the big event in Vegas on Sunday, and nobody in this country watched it. They had like a 0.5 rating on ESPN, and around the West, the rest of the world are like billions of people watching it, because nobody here cares about soccer, thank God. But no, seriously, that was the big event in Vegas on Sunday, the World Cup draw. Well, at the other day, I was flipping just by accident to Jimmy on the, you'll, by 60. Yeah. People are calling up saying, you know, hey, they won't copy it's a great thing. And, uh, you know, then later, I've been in accident, put the hang for about two seconds, and he happened to mention and say, uh, you know, making fun of it. And all that nobody cares about soccer in this country. And nobody ever will. It's, it's terminal, it's ponderous. Very ponderous. Because the guys don't flame each other into the board, every day. And it's just boring. The field is too big, and they just keep going back up and down and back up and down. And the little pansy referees keep running around and throw their little, little, limp wrist up into the air. And then they throw the ball out of bounds and they kick it in again. It's, it's a terminal sport. Nothing ever happened. No. But anyway, I'm passing these issues out Sunday night. Outside the arena, right? Right. And you figure, this is a great game. Of course, as the game is winding down, I'm already out there early. I didn't go to the game myself. People are starting to leave, which I'm missing on the radio. Well, that I'm glad you brought that up. I had reports from the people last night. A lot of people as usual came up saw me before the game in between periods. I find out that with about a minute to go in the third period on Sunday. And here is our great comfort behind Panther team that is never out of any game. They came from behind three goals in the Dallas game on a way ice and tied them up. And they've come back so many times to win games or time up. And with a minute to go, they were pouring out of that place like they had a paddy raid. And the place was like half empty by the time with six seconds left in regulation. They scored the time goal. Well, I'm out there passing out issues and I'm missing on the radio and people are pouring out of there and I'm giving them out and just saying to people, there's a free hockey magazine here, Taiwan. And all of a sudden, I hear Chris Morgo crazy. I don't know if you heard that call. It's actually his best call. We actually had some enthusiasm. He was like, boom, baby, boom. You know, he was little excited. But I'm telling people I'm telling people I've been passing out the issues. I'm like, by the way, you left early and the Panther just tied it up like, right? Of course, a lot of other things. And they were all racing around to try to get back in. They were so prepared. They went out and back in. Good. That leaves the hockey game. It's one thing to leave a football game early when you're down by 13 points. Would like two minutes or four minutes to go in a game. But to leave a hockey game early when you're down by a goal with a minute or two minutes left in the game, only an asshole would do a thing like that. Only an idiot. Somebody who totally doesn't understand the game and should be shot on the spot. The crazy thing is, you know, here I am passing out these issues with some people. And we're saying free hockey magazine. The people are actually saying no thanks. They're like, you know, you're one thing. So we're walking out of a hockey game and I even jokes on one person. Like, I think can you read? And he's like, no, by the way. I think there's other people out there passing out these pamphlets with, you know, restaurants or coupons or whatever they're doing. Well, that's inhibiting. That's inhibiting. No, that's true. I understand where people are coming from. They're so tired of being panhandled out there in the street. They just want to get to their car, get out of their safe and sound, and get out of their space as possible. Right. But once people see what I'm giving out and they see the hockey thing, you know, they just take it and, you know, they go on their way and over there, they read it. Did you? Yeah, I mean, read it. Yeah. But anyway, I had to release Miguel. Yes. Okay. So, you know, I'm not a total convert, but, yeah. But I went out to the store and by the way, I'm in one of the... Go ahead. Okay, I mean, one of the chains. I won't let you step on it. Okay. And they're actually a white, white, androids looking at the release Miguel section, which I thought was kind of... Oh! Uh-huh. And, uh, pick that up. First of all, I want to say this. I don't want anybody to think that they're going to get any idea of what Luis Miguel looks like by the cover of his albums, and especially audience, which is one of the ugliest pictures I've ever seen. I don't know what, he looks like he's got a pug nose. It's taken from a strange angle. Just trust me as a great connoisseur of human flesh. So when I saw him in Vegas, even with that stubbly beard he's sporting now, he looks so good that even animals are like approaching him in the street. Trust me. We like him for different reasons. I understand that. I'm just talking about... Don't start getting paranoid. Mike, I'm just explaining one aspect, because there are a lot of faggots out there that are running out to peaches and other record stores, and they're taking a look and they want to see if this guy's as hot as I say, and they look at some of these, but I don't know. Trust me when I tell you. Okay. I believe. There's no doubt he's just a human being. He's a sexual magnet. He's a very good-looking man. He's an erotic thing. But anyway, so I picked up, I saw the distance America and the wife's three-light. Right. Right. That's your inflation in America, is that right? Right. Okay, good. So I bought that one, which is nice. I'm anti-cut, yeah. Right. So... Which was the first song he did the concert, by the way. Oh, very nice. Right. Tears to my eyes. So in this music store, in the Latin section, they have, like, a thing you can put on headphones and listen to different albums. Right. So they have, are you? So I'm listening through, and I didn't hear any of the songs that you play a lot. So I figured, okay, I'll take a chance and just buy any other CD. Just to see what's on there. You didn't hear the songs that I play, like, Swave and us the came-y-all V-days. I can't even get what's their solo. When you first started playing with... And I hear... Do you play it a couple of songs that I really like? Did I have it hurt him in a while? I don't know. Blacks a long time ago. Yeah, I don't even know which ones they are. Okay. So anyway, I buy this CD. There's a picture of them, like, holding a microphone. Like, you can't really see a space. It's sort of a solo-wet. Romance. And I can't. That's romance. What's that? That's romance. No, it's a different one, because it's, uh, it's, uh, it's like a... Watton... The, uh, companies' flintest is the actual, like, name of the record company. Oh. So I can't reach... I don't know Spanish. So I just bought the thing, and I was actually called George before trying to figure out what this is. And it turns out... And I'm listening to this record, and there's no Luis Miguel singing. It's just the songs of just the music. And I... I just didn't want to see it here. Yeah. And it turns out these are song beds of all his songs. Right, it's like her mouth replaced Neil Diamond. Yeah, and in that case, it'd be an improvement. And I said to myself, this thing's worthless, because I want to hear him sing. Yeah, like Ray Conif, there's Luis Miguel. So besides Addius, which is the other way? Well, I mean... Yeah, I can just hear the Ray Conif singers doing swivey. Yeah, they have all the songs that you probably know. Uh-huh. But they're all... Come along with Luis. Elevator music is terrible. Exactly. It's horrifying. I can stuck it in Elevator with Luis. Right. Well, listen, Mike, you're killing me, and have a great time, and I'll see you hopefully at the Docks game. Okay. You're going to be there? Uh, like, maybe at a time, actually. I'm going to go see the Atlanta Knights in Atlanta. Like I said, had a great trip. Thanks. See ya. See ya. Open line in Broward one in day 1239 already at WIOD in WSUN. Following sports talks, six to end. It's Randy Rose. A few too many, if you ask me, I'm sorry. 1241 at WIOD, here's a mobile in Tampa on a Broward line. Must be desperate, hello. Oh, me, yes. Yes. I went to the game yesterday, and I saw my bank just whoo. Yeah. With my three buddies who were real smart, Florida Panther fans, they just rubbed it and rubbed it and rubbed it and I liked it. It was an emotional experience. It was a great night. Great, great night. From end of experience, and, uh, and all my pizons are going to the game. All the studios we like it. Beautiful. It's dynamite. It's great. I mean, no. In fact, the Julio that called me yesterday, I didn't think he would show up. He showed up with his girlfriend last night. He was a good guy, a little autograph. I'm sure they enjoyed the game. How did they hook forever? How does girlfriend look? About like he did. Now, they were both. They were all right. They were nice people. Hey, Neil. I mean, it's better than going to the Thunderdome. I'm not kidding. You know, first of all, the Thunderdome, the ice sucks. The quality of the ice over there. It's very, very choppy and very bad. And everybody's been complaining about the ice. It slows the game way down. Secondly, you got the banking of the seats. Like I've said, many times, it's very poor. You're why I look and straight into the B.I. I've heard do of the Richardson in front of you. No, seriously, the seats at the Thunderdome aren't bank properly to watch a sporting event. And thirdly, they got all those sit down folding chairs, which give you hemorrhage. It's just not designed. It's good for car shows and boats. Right, exactly, right. But definitely not for hockey. And maybe other types of shows. And it's funny, because I was reading in the sports section in Vegas of all places that they've just agreed to build a $20 million new arena downtown in Tampa or something like that. I haven't heard anything about that here. Yeah, it's coming along. Well, it's about time. Stop with all this make believe stuff and build a real arena. Maybe they'd win a game or two. Yeah, maybe. Neil. Unlikely. I hated the way you said I hear it. I hear it. Oh, yeah. I hear it. It's I hear it. That's right. I hear it. There we go. Erre, there we go. Well, I had to crank it up a little bit. You know, erre, erre, erre, cigarro. OK. Neil, can I call some people to stay? When is star days? Yes, go ahead. Gus, stop and who you're big for the pantaloving two specs. What are they? Same to you. Bye now. Bye, boy. Ooh, look at that. An orange one. That's unusual. We have an open line. Oh, you know what I like it Christmas time, but I can't eat them because they're loaded with sugar. Those slices. What do they call those things? Like fruit slices, you know, those candies that are like half moons. What do they call those? They call those slices. They're like orange and lemon and lime. And they're just loaded with like sugar. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, God are those good. And they hit their like jelly things, jelly things. Speaking of jelly things, here's Mike from B screen. Who probably has a couple of bucks for us? Couple of bucks. Yes. Be coming by in about a couple of weeks. Right. Wait, no, no, no, are UPS things to come back in because that was most of our sales. Mm-hmm. So I'll be bringing that in about a couple of weeks because we're going on vacation to Colorado this week. To Colorado. Colorado. Huh. Going skiing. What was an upgrade? Yeah. I didn't know Jews went skiing. What's it a while? Okay. What's just to experience it then you come back. When you go all the way to Colorado, why don't you go to Vegas for a while? A lot of you're all away out there. Next year. Come on, Mike. Why don't you take your lovely wife to Vegas? You would have forget about skiing and getting frostbitten. I'm telling you, man, you'd have the time of your life. It is the greatest place. Not that they need my help because it's loaded with people. But you would just you wouldn't believe it. How about I drop her off and I go to Colorado? No, you drop her off in Colorado and you go to a Vegas. I'm telling you, have a great time there. Well, Luis Miguel won't be there. Now forget about him. Whatever you want, it'll be there. Believe me. It's there. All right. All right. So how did we do, okay? We did okay. I don't know how much I'll have for you. But it'll be. This man is never satisfied. Never satisfied. I have a good amount for you being, you know, nice amount. And a check, too. And a check, too. And I'll be bringing that in the week. First week in jet. January, probably on the fifth. Great. Okay. I'll summon a look forward, too. Thanks for having a great trip. I'll see you then. Thanks, Mike. Bye. Bye. We have an open line in date 751, one in Brower at 524. Oh, Jeff did call you for over there before. So Tampa did call. Very paranoid and very a secret of around here, right now. Like, what's going on? What's going on? Oh, you'll know soon enough. You'll know soon enough. Oh, what's going on? Very paranoid, because like I said, they had their big meetings up in Atlanta and they sat around. It's, wow, you know, we may have made a mistake over here. And we may have made a little mistake. We usually don't make mistakes, but yeah. They have screwed us up so bad in this last year. I mean, here it is. The Christmas time. It's like coming on new year when people make resolutions. And when people who do really bad things get shot, which I think we should have a really long line in this place. And let's hope that they can do a little bit better, because it can't get any worse. Unbelievable. Maybe that's the secret. Maybe they're going to put David Paul on some time, like in Drive Time. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yeah, Neil. What is that? Oh, that's my two-month-old daughter. Beauty. Thanks. Hey, I got a question about last night's game. Fantastic game, first of all. Were there? No, unfortunately not. So on TV. With the baby here, watching an on TV, she got her own little panther outfit already. Great. Yeah. So listen, with a few minutes left in the game, about four minutes left in the game. Right? Okay, Richter comes out of the gold crease. He gets nailed by, I don't know, lower here, somebody else. Everyone, I think. I think it was, no, I was betting. I'm sorry, Brian Bellany. Yeah. Okay, and so Richter's out. He's fair game anyway, so I'll go with Chris. Well, let me say this. That's not really true. Then the old days they used to be true. But now, if you're really haul off and hit the goal, even if he's out of the crease, they're going to call it almost every time the color penalty. Well, it didn't look like he really nailed him too hard. Yeah. He came down on top of him. Right. But they still call it. Everything, okay, well, everyone still, everyone got into the meal behind the net. Right. All right. So I know, Richter gets tossed, at least they showed it on TV, he got two minutes for Ruffin. Right. Well, how come he never left the game? Why? Why? That he didn't have to do it. That would be nice if the goal gets a penalty. They have to take him out and they can't replace him. That would have been very nice. No, no, no, no, I understand. No, the goal he doesn't get replaced. In other words, if the goalie, in fact, my, my gardener served that penalty for the Rangers. He went off in this. So some, they selected player. It can be anybody they want. And he sits in the box for the two minutes, or however long a penalty is. And the goal he stays in there. Oh, I was under the impression that the goal he still had to go. That goal. Yeah, they go out like, and they were bringing the other goalie. He'll be no. Yeah. Oh, OK. All right. Well, that was my question. I was wondering why Ripper was able to stay in the goal. Yeah, that's the answer. OK. Well, thanks very much. And I'm out of material. OK. Oh, let me say that. Lance, you play tennis like a flaming douchebag. Have a great holiday. Thank you. Bye. Hoped line in date 751 and what in Broward 524. And I could have done the John Moynihan answer. Then I would still be going on and explaining that the under severe conditions. If the goalie has hemorrhoids and if the other goalie breaks his leg, that they would bring Emil Francis off the bench in New York, and that they would put the pads on him. And they would suit him up. And then if he got hurt, foster he would. They would dig his body up right next to Harold Ballard. And they would suit him up and stick his ass in time like between the gold post and use him as the temporary net. And maybe he sees our maniacal would come back and just kind of back him up. But rather than go through one of those long convoluted explanations, I think it's basically pretty simple, like icing it off side. And the other rudiments of our game, and doesn't require a long convoluted explanation, John, just to kill a lot of time and sound real suitable when lecture will like you pretending to know what you're talking about, which trust me, baby, you don't. But be sure and ask Roger about it today. Paul 49 at WIOD in WSUN. Gets the latest news from the 610 WIOD News Center each hour. Plus an update on traffic and the current weather forecast. I'm going to start on this thing and I'm going to wrap it all your law. I don't give out checkivity on a green line. Well, you can place it as it be done. Very rarely. It's because when we listen to last or in the morning, he puts us asleep. We don't use a wake up until after two. Go on my restaurant store for it. Yes. It's a little restaurant and Tampa call peepos. Call one. Peepos. Peepos. Oh, yeah. It's a little, he calls. He calls pride bend there. He does the people. Yes. It's a little, little Cuban GF2. So you hear that they have a nice sandwich and I look up and they have a little wall fame and who's eight by ten glossy do I see? But Ron here ball, Jeremy. Really? I thought it was going to be Luis Miguel. No, we need that someone over here. Send what? That's Luis. OK. Have a good holiday. OK, see you. Thanks. Another hairy story from the West Coast. Look at us. phones all of a sudden just in doubt like Ron Jeremy's the hair on his head. If he had as much hair on his head as he's got on the rest of his body being good shape, open line a day to and brown one on the green line and the star line. It looks like a whole bunch to me. I think during the one o'clock hour, we're playing like a Luis Miguel concert. Why don't I just play all the songs that he sang at the concert? And he sang for two hours so we'll like playing real fast. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. Hey, you're quite playing as Louisville. He's scared me. I think you're going to cut me off there. No, I wouldn't do that. I mean, I have to call you somebody beat me to it. Let me ask you a question. Are you circumcised sir? That was my second question. Yeah. First question. Did you grow up in Homestead? What's the last city of the West Coast you had moved to? If you grew up in Homestead? Yeah. Loots. Loots? Pump by Tampa, how would say? You're a close. Close enough. I know two douchebags and one guy from Homestead. Both of them Homestead. One dude to Loots. One dude to Tampa. Yeah. Scott Ward and Larry Skipper. And they want to feel at home? I guess so. You know what I'm saying? I guess they are. They're still clock rings there as what they do. No, I believe it. And probably where I'm too. Well, I'm there nose. They said they'd display one for you. What did they? Yeah. El Paso. It's that they put in your hand. As they say in Texas, El Paso. Yeah. Anyway, I know. Moving on to go ahead. I said have a great holiday. Hey, you too. See ya. Open line in day 751 and we have two Broward lines open at 5249-463. Another clock story in the Magic City. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. What's happening? How you doing, sir? All right. At least me again. Hi. Really? Hey, my buddies over at Keepout amount of. Yeah. Yeah. But he's over at Keepout amount of. I know. Major douchebags. I know. Okay, now we got one line left in date and Broward. Like I said, big concert coming up in the 105-to-2 at Clock hour today. Trust me when I tell you. Two open lines in date 751 and all of Broward. One more time 5249-463. What a slap in the post. This is after a pretty active three-hour surprising enough just today and a half before Christmas. Which to be honest, we thought we'd have to play music all day today. Tomorrow I think that's where playing a farting contest between 10 and 11 and then we'll have like a big musical concert to rest of day or not as the case may be. Who the hell's going to call us on Christmas Eve anyway? And why the hell are we working besides? Here's Tampa. Hello. Yes sir. Got a question for you. Okay. Don't you think this Michael Jackson thing is getting like a little bit too much? I mean, every time I turn the radio on, it's something about Michael Jackson. Yeah, something like that. Sure is getting a lot of publicity. Makes you kind of wonder. Actually, you know what surprises me is he is charged with like molesting kids but everybody thinks it's like such a joke. I don't think molesting kids is that funny. Well, ask your family priest, he might tell you. No, I'm not Catholic. Oh okay. No, it is not funny. That's why I don't understand the whole thing. But don't you understand every time a story like this, it isn't even the essence of the story. It's the personality that outwazed and people can't be bothered with what the immediate the matter is. Don't you understand it? It's just another big cause to live. It's another big, it's either a Joey Boto Fouco and any Fisher who you know, we're eager Kathy Willis. It's the flash flash story of the week. That's all. And because it's somebody is Miguel. A triple add right here about Luis Miguel. Any day of the week. Really? Right. Have a good one. See you. Why? He sounded like he just about soon have anyone. Open line a date to unbrowered one on the green line. It's up to you as Rick Nelson said and look what it did for him. How's he doing, by the way? Huh? Not too good. Open line a date to unbrowered and one on the green line. You know the numbers and it's up to you if I come back for the one to two hour or not or we could just do. Number one record by the way in Latin America all over Latin America. Mexico, Argentina. Oh, by the way, don't we got to get the dope on that big New Year's Eve concert from Argentina. It's going to be on channel 23 and I'm sure on the satellite and find out just the who's doing what to whom and Luis is singing there in Argentina. And Buenos Ares no da. Start naked. I understand. With it without the ball spot. And with it without the beard. Anywhere, Camilla's house total is $15,033. Our center one total is 49,407 and you can zip into any pieces by you and pick up all our good stuff into a good date. Come on, girl. Gotta get back. You start radio 610, WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751, WIOD from date in Broward 524, WIOD outside the 305 area code, toll free 1-800-944-WIOD. Bell South mobility customers make it a free call by dilating star, IOD. Now, the Neal Roger show on Newstalk Radio 610, WIOD. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Here's my story said by true. About a girl called Siffle and so. Oh. Had a bug and ran it around. Give it to every guy in town. I should've known it from the spot on the live. I didn't know whether you were a little injured. I bought a bowl always be with you. So stay away from a Siffle and so. It took a close I should've seen the size. Siffle and the scent on my friend's home. You got it back to now, I've got it too. Keep away from that girl. Hope that I'll still live until now. Give it away from Siffle and so. She likes to see for her. Yeah, even dinner with my bass and how. We didn't feel as though it took her. Now I'm afraid it's falling off. Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows. You just have a horse where this fungus grows. Ask any fool that she ever knew. Keep away from Siffle and so. Keep away from. What was seven in W.I.D. Reckon's out to Tudy today and of course everybody's bailing out like I said. They'll be bailing out of here after a six o'clock tonight. Jazz, McAill, be it here. She from two to six tomorrow. Then all week they'll be on vacation. And then God only knows what's going to happen after that. And he's got doubts. And boy Gary just comes in and says goodbye. He's on the way to Louisville. For the holidays he's taking off right now. So he's out of here. And good thing I got my check that's all I can say because if I hadn't been working on it, they would all just slip down to door very quietly. And it took a clock it would've been a ghost town. It was like, oh, gee, check we forgot about that. We're gone. We're history. But that's just the way they are. So anyway, it's just kind of us and tomorrow. Yes, we all will be here except for a Rick and Sus. Jazz will be here. Now how about tomorrow night? Is Randy got off again tomorrow night? So to speak. I don't think so. I think she's working tomorrow night. Then Saturday the drew myster is he out of here permanently now as he just off for the holidays. Is he going to play like the Christmas elf or fairy on Saturday? Something like that. Maybe he's a villain for Brian or across this year. But anyway, so Adam and Marvin, which is fine because a couple of Jews being here on Christmas night. There's nothing wrong with that. They'll be on Saturday 8 to midnight. Anyway, here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Hello. What is wrong with this thing, man? Hello. Yes, sir. There we go. Okay. I want to say I'm a first time caller. And I live in Missouri but I did live in Florida for three years. Long time, Mr. Tia. Okay. You're talking about the panthers earlier. I want to tell you the people out here who are listening to you that do not know hockey. They need to support that team. It's a hell of a sport. And it's there leaving early. They're all much at least back. There are a support them. Don't worry about that. We're at three record crowd. Three straight games. We broke our right. I read that this morning. Now panthers. We've tied the Rangers in the last second. That's fantastic. We tied the Rangers. We beat the Rangers. Last night. Yeah. Okay. The papers today tied them up too too. No, let me say again. We beat the Rangers. Three, two. Well, pan testing. Yeah. That is even better. Yeah. Yeah. Put a little on a kid. All right. See you. Two open lines in Broward. Five, two, four, one on the green line. 1, 809, four, four, nine, four, six, three. So during the break, the bat line rings. And George puts it on hold. He says to me as well. Vita, I pick it up and there's a dial tone. Then he calls back. And I pick it up. And he did that because he wanted to make sure he wasn't on the Erigan. So you put this on the heels of that mysterious visit by Bob Green earlier. Oh, if you heard anything from Tampa today, you had to tamp a call about anything. And he goes flying out of here like a bat out of hell. So something isn't the wind at WSUN. And I said, what's up, Tom? Well, about those hockey tickets. Are you going to use them? Tom didn't call about the hockey tickets. Okay. So there's something in the air at WSUN, George, that we don't know about. Remember the last time I got a call at that he was going to call back at 2. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. That was the following week. We went on Y and F for a week for that great experiment. So we were going to have to stop the bat at the back and took us up when we were on the verge of really building something. Now I have a feeling it's like in reverse. I really do. I think that probably they're going to put, let's see, what are they going to do? They put jazz McKay on in midday. They put Chris Baker on the afternoon and then they'll run our reruns of their tapes from six o'clock till six the next morning. Probably what they're going to do. Two open lines. Both in Broward 5 2 49 463. It's 11 after one. Maybe WSUN. Everybody knows the holidays mean getting together and getting together usually means Eaton lots and lots of Eaton being a real hauser. So make the holly's jolly for your family and friends with a gift certificate from the Outback steakhouse home of the Blumen onion and I'd great walk about soup and delicious sizzling steak and chicken and don't forget that great shrimp on the barbie too. Outback steakhouse gift certificates are available in 10 25 dollar and 50 dollar donations and for each thousand dollars worth of certificates purchased before December 31st you'll get a free dinner for two eight thirty five dollar value. So this holiday season give them all the gift of great taste from the Outback steakhouse. Nothing like the gift of great taste. Locations on North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale in Cannell at the town of country Center in Flagler Park Plaza on Southwest 89th place in Bryer Bay, north east hundred sixty-third in sunny Isles on Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines. Riverside Drive and Cruel Springs on Pine Island Road in Jackarrand is square. And on Southwest 18th Street in Boca Ratone the Outback steakhouse. This afternoon at two it's Rick and Sods then it's six it's Sports Talk 16. New York Radio City. So anyway I see my friend Big Alos in here missed a great game last night but of course he was probably busy. Anyway it's one thirteen at Wiod and let's do Palm Beach Gardens. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir how you doing? Pretty good. Cam Neely is God. Easy. Well you don't plan to write team those sir. It could be if you played two games in a row. Yeah. Also. Kind of like Mario Lamue. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Still bounds as a heck of a hockey player huh. Kind of like John Offerdall if you played two games in a row that would be like front page news. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we got a couple of good acquisitions I think Greg Hoggood is a outstanding defenseman. Yeah. And two barns looks pretty damn good to me. He's a gutsy tough hard nose kid. He's up and down the ice to replace both ends of the rank. I like both ends against the middle of your right. Yeah. You're up and down. You'd meet a comment about the dolphins you know, no imagination on the offense. Right. I'd say this guy Gary Stevens has got a good pulse on the team. Does he? They can execute. How are you going to put some trick plays and if these four million dollar athletes can hold on to the floor? Well at the point you have a point there that can't execute. Maybe execution is the answer sir. I think we need to. Yeah. Cause I'm in favor of it for several of them. Yeah. Fred Cusick. There you go. Do you have any of his cuts? I wouldn't be surprised if I got a Fred Cusick thing on here if he give me about ten seconds. Can he handle it that long? Well my wife doesn't think I can but probably not. Well let me just take a peek and see I know I got Freddy in here somewhere. Come on Fred. Well he's an old guy you know it takes him a little longer to get it up and do his thing. Here's Bob Cole. Here's Foster. You it. And look what I got in my hand right now sir. Not that. And Fred Cusick. Fred Cusick too. And he's a little like keep it in. Shot by Hines is wide. So let's be out great try to put it on that miss. Now it's taken by Hines. Shot score. Steve Hines. Beats guys. Fred two to one. Bruns Lee. Now we're going. Bruns. Well he breaks it up. That gets it. Can we. That's we. So this shot by Denado. Bob Cusick. He has it looks for William Fred. Spores. Emily. Right in front. Can we get free to one of the Rolans on the back. How do you like that? That was excellent. 42 years the man has been broadcast in hockey. He's only 100 years old. He's still just as good as he ever was. He's still can get it up. Listen that just came over on CNN that. Victor tried to commit suicide this morning. Did he? He got off the plane. He jumped out in front of a bus and it went between his legs. Judy. Have a great day pal. Happy holidays to you. Good old Mike Richter. Well listen, you know, all things must pass and like three of them did right between his legs last night and the puck too. We have an open line. It's on the green line at one in date 7519463. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Thank you. And Merry Christmas for that. Evan Lee. Have you gave me last week? Oh, you got it. Yeah. I did not pay. And I just started a new job. And I started in between pay per hit. So they're not paying me till January 6. Right. He believed that. Got some of that good meat for us. Well that's good. I think you know that that stupid memo you got yesterday about about you know about not talking about it doing all turn or socials to the end of the year. What memo was that? How did you read something over the year? No, that wasn't here. That was from WFT. I was the light bulb. Oh. No, that was that was guys who weren't those those guys were talking about it. They were doing it evidently. No, we should tie them down with that that plumber, the commissioner plumber and blow pot in their faces. Or something close to it. Yeah, it would be good. And maybe for lucky we could buy like a your Disney and turn into Amsterdam land. You could head up the cuisine and we'll get everything else that up there. There you go. Well Mary Christmas. Yeah, I could set up the good stuff to eat no question about that. And there you go. And the food too, right. Okay. Listen, have a great life. I'll be a little bit of a happy one to you. Okay. Piece of something. Open line in date 751 and one on the green line 1-800-944-9463. Yeah, you missed a great game there last night. All I was really dynamite and great time was head by all and at the game as well. But anyway, and of course tonight's track night. Let me tell you that right now. Tonight is a big night. Fat reaches up there. And you know, the good news is there's good news in bad news because life isn't perfect rich. The good news is that thanks to a lot of pressure for me and Joe Hartman rich didn't mess around with the track packs money last night. He picked Percy sister the mortal lock and even though she won by only an X. He's still one to race. It's still counts. And we got another 1,300 bucks in a pot to wind up with over 22 grand on our promotion. That was the good news. The bad news is that rich had a real bad night at Pompanopark last night. Ah, shucks. It's about time. Enough is enough already. You know what I'm talking about? Enough roaming our nose in it. All depending on what it is. Here's Miami on the Sterling. Hello. They were on our way to San Jose Costa Rica. See? It's going to be beautiful, I hope. Are you really? Are you cereal? Yeah, we should be forward to the play with him in the next 45 minutes to an hour. Have you ever been there before? Several times. More to go. So you know the way to San Jose? Last airline's buddy is way to go. Do you need? I want to get your combat comments about the Dolphin game on tonight. My comment? Yeah, what would you do? I think don't bet the ranch is my comment. Okay, pal. And you're going to start? Huh? It's going to make sure it's going to start. And all he's going to do is look at somebody cross side and the burglar will be in their real fast. Trust me what I tell you. I hope we can get on a satellite down there. And they'll just just put a record. I like to call loud. Now, forget it. Okay. See? Okay, call this. We have an open line of date 751 on a sterileine sterile. D1 on the green lines and we're waiting for that big news. Now maybe one of our spies on a west coast knows what the big news is already from Velvita that probably is supposed to be a top secret. But I'm sure just about everybody in town already knows it at 1-800-944-9463. Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, that's what I'm watching. I can't guess. Dave Lowry. Shoot these cars. Where you see that? Yes, the end too. Yes, the end too. We don't have that on our thing here in this crappy gold coast cable. Yeah, but you do have her day here. We do have, and no, we don't have that. We have MTV Latina, which is on right now as I speak. You believe this? And the scorpions are seeing wind of change. Oh, well, kill that. Denying lace. You believe this team? I'm going to tell you halfway through the sea. I will agree with Moynihan on one thing. Okay, that he keeps repeating. And it's an absolutely correct observation. That is, we're getting spoiled because we've come to expect this team to be competitive with everybody. And when you got an expansion team, you have no reason to expect that. I mean, you should expect to get the living crap you got to every now and then. Just like the penguins beat the crap out of the lightning. The other night, 8-3 and the lightning are a second year team. But this team man has got the balls of a hippopotamus. They're just a never give up. They're competitive with everybody. And we ought to kiss the ground for him. Nice little mix. They got some experience. Exactly. Like, lorry man, like lorry had great playoff experience. He gave the Leafs a tough time. And at series last year when he was with the blues. And now, of course, we got him. He's experienced crude loads of experience from the Canadians. We got a lot of guys with good experience. These aren't just a bunch of green rookie, no talents. Who just came out of the minor leagues. Now, those playoff teams will top in the up in a hurry. Are you bad? Well, I tell you what. I'm looking forward to it. And it's kind of kind of reminds me of the marlins in the mettle. A little bit. As long as we can beat the lightning off the beam. Yeah, see there. There are basically two things that I'm really hoping for. Number one, like you said, is finish your head and lightning. It's a good rivalry where seven points ahead as we speak. And number two, of course, is maybe just sneaking to those playoffs, which at the moment, I mean, we're like right on the average. We're right on the edge of being right in their competitive. I'll tell you what. I'll give the team a big jump ahead in the whole thing to be able to get a playoff. Wouldn't that be something? Or fear that really, really give them some invaluable. As it says on a scoreboard after way score goal up there. Unbelievable. That's a good thing. All right. Have a great holiday pal. See you. Hoping on on the green line, 1-800 surprise. It's 1-21 at WIOD and WSUN. No surprises in the bottle when you open up snapple. My friends, only the best stuff on earth. That's why more and more people are jumping on the snapple bandwagon because it's delicious. It's good for you. It tastes great. It goes down smooth and the snapple too. How to help. Can you beat it? Snapple ice. Tease tastes like your brood of yourself at home. The snapple fruit flavors taste real because they are real. And snapple ice. Tease fruit drinks and sodas are all natural with no. Let me say it again. Absolutely no artificial flavors, preservatives or ingredients of any kind. And for your superjocks with a big holiday weekend with all the bowl games coming up with all our hockey and stuff, just get a whole case of that snapple and go crazy like our friendship man. It's does. Snapple natural beverages made from the best stuff on earth. Pick them up when Dixie Woolies, Exxon, Sherburns, Mobile's, Freddy's, Walgreens and other fine stores just about every damn place. Don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news. Information, trends and what's happening. This Saturday and Sunday morning right here. Really? He's taking a quitting touring because he's gotten the wagernto now. Yeah. He's got a great big speech there about her before handy. Not about that. Not about his agent getting killed now. He's got a great time. But anyway, like I said, have a great new year and I'll see you at the adducts game. You're going to be at the Mighty Ducks? Yes, I am. And we will see you up at the top. Great. I'm going to bring my friend Chris up here. Bring Chris up there. Great. Excellent. Okay. Nice to see you, Chris. Thanks for your good. Okay. One 24. Huh? Boy boy. See you guys. Okay. Watch yourself. Let's go to Miami Springs. Hello. Yeah. When Scrootland guys hurt last night. Yes, when he got hit in the face by a puck. I thought that shot the angle from where I sit. No way was he shooting at the goal. I hate to say it. But my guy at the angle was so high. Yeah. He went down. I was just peeing in my pants. I thought if we lose Brian Scrootland. Now especially he was really playing a hell of a game last night. We just had so many injuries. I just can't believe it. And luckily he just shook it off after me. And the same with Lowry. Remember when they got the penalty for boarding Lowry? Yeah. And I thought he wasn't going to get up over there. But the Rangers notoriously are a dirty team going back to the days of Lufon, and Eddie Shack and Etc. Here's the Barnes' goal on the... Yeah. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. Can't hear it. But thanks anyway. There's two Barnes' goal against the Bruins. We have an open line in date. One in the blue line. Did you get him that tape by the way? Did you take care of that? Thank you so much. Anyway, let's... I don't think I'm going to have enough breath left to talk to a VELVEDED to a clock. I'm a speechless and breathless at this point. What the hell am I doing wrong? You know what? Let's go to Sarah Soda. Hello. Hello, Senator. Do you feel it's Christmas? Yeah. And unhappy new year. It was the night before Christmas and all through the condominium. Not a colostomy bag was shaken, not even Nick Navarro. Rudy, what your high beams on so got damn bright? Won't you drive Gertrude to the early bird tonight? Oh. I'll go now. Yeah. That was beautiful. Thank you. I think there's two spiral ports. Maybe one that they're going to be doing. You've been on WSUN and what? You're going to have you and you haven't done a live spying yet. Right. Now, that's not going to be a trust me. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to be doing spots over there. Yeah. VELVEDED starts asking me, do I want to send him the tickets back? I know that's something in the window over there. What? Yeah. He says, are you going to use those tickets, son? Are you going to go? So, well, what do I think I wanted him for? Of course, I'm going over there. Kick his ass right now. Yeah. And of course. So, that's just like trying to make a funny sort of make sure I'm here at two o'clock. And the other one that's going to be a call is about another bunch of cramps that there. Yeah. Everything that you've done, you've come over here for a week and you've been waiting for a minute before you overreact, I don't know what it is. I just know it's a bunch of cramps. Well, I've got Barry Poe right here in your newspaper. What is it? About a rassment on WFLA, a sexual harassment suit against the station, and names a Ted Web and Bob Lassar in there. Yeah. And it claims that women employees at station were referred to as bitches, Bimbo and vagina. Really? And she was a president of vagina club. Uh-huh. And at one point of lawsuit, her show with the billboards billboards. Billboards. That house with Bimbo's. That WFLA reads Liz can say high-sailer in 36 languages. And that fat ass Bob Lassar is on the name of the suit with a deafel. Oh, you do have that. I thought Rick and Seth had to deal with that. Yeah, but when I play it, it's much more muted. Oh, cool. I take the condo off at when they play it. What is it? I call the family member a douchebag. Yes, sir. Lily, my dog is a poop on the rug. Doosh dog. Okay, thank you. I'll be right back. Bye. Nice to know you. Okay, we have an open line, two of them in the green lines, and one on a blue line. So anyway, where did our guests go? Well, by the way, here's some money for a Camille house. Adam, since you're taking care of all these things in between shirling that crap down here, throw whatever that is, and you're lunch, too. Let's go to a four-later nail on the starline. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Merry-examist. Merry-to-you, too, sir. You know what? I don't want to get serious, or anything, but I don't. But I don't understand this, uh, this Michael Jackson interview. Yes, they have to resolve, I was listening to a EDR. That damn fact, and I can't stand him. Yeah, I don't like him doing this. I changed that to 48th. There 105, 048. If you would add him, you can look at it. I'd add your so nice and tall. 48, 048 instead of 033, add a boy. You can do it. Go ahead, sir. Oh, anyhow, on this DDR, they get a, these people calling in for their reaction, kind of like they did on TV yesterday. Right, on channel 6. And a lot of these people are calling in, and they're going, it's the white man who's trying to bring them down. Yeah, there you go. Can't stare myself to be prejudiced or racist or any of this other stuff. I mean, the guy is a whaco. I don't care whether he's black or white or, I mean, you know, it just, it never fails to astonish me how some people and of course it's usually the so-called leaders like the NAACP who started shooting off their mouth a couple of days ago. How they can take something like this and twist it into a racial issue. It would be like, remember when John Wayne Gacy was, uh, finally, hitting the frames and burying the bodies of all those kids in Chicago, all those boys and it would be like if some gay right, Group came up and said, Oh, this is discrimination against homosexuals, or some white supremacy group said, Well, there's discrimination against it because he's a white man and the fact that he killed all these kids. Well, that's got nothing to do with it. Yeah, I mean, what, what does that all about? Let's forget that we're talking about a pedophile. Exactly. We're talking about somebody who admittedly sleeps in a big bed with a lot of little boys who takes them around to buy some 1000s and 1000s, showers them with all kinds of gifts and who allegedly has like written out all these checks to the parents of these kids, which makes one wonder what they'll add to all about. I mean, there's no question that there's still are some doubts, but there sure seems to be a hell of a lot of a preponderance of evidence that indicates there's something wrong going on here, along with the testimony of maids and servants and body guards and all kinds of people who saw them like running around, converting naked with little boys. There was something there to be answered about. And, you know, he makes the big deal that he was searched. I mean, that's nothing compared to, you know, it believed me. I got by today didn't find much on edge. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. There wasn't much to check out on that thing. I guess small packets. Right. You know, the other thing is your station on that song that you guys have to censor and set a stay and beat it in a reaction and all that other thing. Right. Tell me if I'm wrong at the end. Doesn't it say something like it can't be better? There's nothing like a five-year-old or it can't be as tight as a five-year-old. I didn't say it can't be as tight. You didn't say that. Well, because you said they're black. They're white. They're a really tight. I think he's talking about his genes. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. Well, I'm going to go to the skin type. He wears those skin type genes, you know. I see. But it's just seem, you can't say, well, I don't, you know, they're just as so ridiculous to man. Me beat it as the name of one of his best-selling songs. And the fact that we have to delete that. And we live in such a juvenile society, my friend, that it's just that you have no idea what we go through here. Just to try to entertain people on an adult level, everything has to be brought down to the level of a sandbox. It's a joke. It is a joke. Well, I'm, I hate to tell. We live in a country where a freedom of speech is only a figment of your imagination, believe me. I'm in kind of a bad mood, so I'm going to call Santa Claus a douchebag. Okay. And have a nice day. See, I've lived in some still cookies. Okay. Maybe Roger Thorpellitum. We have an open line of dates, 751, one one on the Sterlinet, Stero, D.A.2 on the Green lines at 1-800-944, Holy Toledo. Let's go to a lady and Del Ray Beach. Not too many women today, by the way. That's really astonishing. They're all busy bacon or stuff, and they're getting ready. Here's a lady in Del Ray. Hi, Neil. Hi. Del Ray. A few months ago, you mentioned about your drug had, did you know what? Yes, that had a urine infection. Uh-huh. You used your own, my puppy Helena. He can use his urine infection. And I really don't want to put her on the steroids again. Don't, oh, she's don't put your dog on steroids. Right. What kind of a crappy vet have you got anyway? Well, you mentioned something that alcohol, then I got it. Now, forget about that. Those are all wives tales. The stuff that I got from the vet is called Topogen, T-O-P-A-G-E-N. And it's great. It does wonders. Topogen. It's like, it's an antibiotic. It's an ointment. And you just stick it in there. You're so to speak. And it worked great on my dog. Is yours are beautiful now. All right. That's what I was like. Ginnacle is something like this. For something. No, don't start for patchking with all that stuff in there. That's just all the fairy tales. Believe me. Anybody knows old fairy tales on the guy? My son also. Hi. Thank you. OK. Good luck. Open line in the Broward 524 and 2 on a green line's 1-800-944-9463-133-WiodnWS-UN. For those last minute gift ideas, this last day and a half, the clock is winding man. There's nothing more appreciated than a heavenly ham. What a sweet thing that is. Trust me. If smoke turkey or a box of heavenly ham's gourmet sticks also be outstanding too from Heavenly Ham, where they prepare a spiral sliced honey and spice glaze, ham's to serve up to 35 people, heavenly ham's have half the salt content about their ham's and their fresh never frozen and trust me what I tell you will really taste the difference. Also what Heavenly Ham turkeys are smoked for 22 hours of the natural juices are locked in by their secret process, just carve and serve so tender. It'll melt right on the table or at the very least right in your mouth. Turkeys are available whole, bone in. Four-boneless breast. Heavenly ham also has gourmet side dishes, homemade cakes and pies and freshly baked breads and rolls to accompany your meal as well. Heavenly ham also carries Omaha steaks, fillets, New York strips and other fine cuts and they'll ship their products anywhere in the continental U.S. Survey. Heavenly ham, you've got three locations to choose from. In Miami, at 1-22-35 South-Tixie Highway in the Dixie Bell shops in Davia, 2070 South University, driving the Home Depot Plaza and in Bokadirfield just to have black north of Hillsborough on the side of federal highway or just call inflammation for the phone number of the Heavenly Ham that's closest by you. Tonight after Randy Rhodes, it's Don and Mike. You stuck radio safety. Come when you are your tea. Oh, excuse me, 135. So I got this big important call from Belvita to a clock which means we're probably going off the earth and tap. All three lines. Did they pull us off yet already? Let's see. Now we're still on the acetylite. I think they're pulling us off over there. But that's okay. Let's see. I wanted to play this but I was otherwise distracted for just a couple of seconds there. Oh, yeah, I wanted to play this again because it's timely and because it'll probably kill a couple of minutes and all three of the green lines went dead. I don't understand it. Did somebody pull the plug over there? 1-800-944-9463? They acted. Round and long to the gay square dance got a great big zipper in the back of my pants. Get off the horse at the old barn door. Got the saddle hurt around. I'm a rat on the horse. Look at the side folks are dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's not down. All the man left. All the man right. All the man needs his appeal to bat. Give your partner a silly smirk. All going hands for a big circle jerk. Volunteers all raise your hand. Who's gonna be the next pivot man? In Vacher partner home for a drink, lick your lips and give him a wink. But the great big smile and a great big nod. Let him know your jurples need cloud. Oh, that's it. I forgot that's a short one. And the bid too. Well I'm putting stuff away here because I see everybody else is going to read why the hell should not. Why don't we do here tomorrow? I think that's outrageous. Don't you? On Christmas Eve Day that they have us coming in here out of a sick bed, no less. I'm just finally starting to feel better. Get over this flu. Everything seems to be turning a little bit rosier like those rosy cheeks that we're just in here. And what else can I say? Everything's like turning up beautiful and that we got to come in here tomorrow. Nobody's going to be calling us tomorrow. The day before Christmas for crying out loud for Christ's sake. I'm sorry. Let's go to a mobile in St. Peter's birthday. Hello. Anyhow you. Okay, sir. Has anyone mentioned Michael Jackson's eyelashes yesterday? No, not yet. Oh, he was fluttering. I thought he was going to fly away his eyes. He looked like a little Peter Pan and drag yesterday. That's what it was. A little Peter Pan. I mean, seriously, I want you to stop and think of this. The civil trial supposedly is going to start in March, okay? Can you? Can you? Huh? Which won't be civil? We would not have he's there. Can you imagine him showing up there in court? Look at like that. And maybe he's going to have his sergeant pepper outfit on and maybe the temple be sitting on his knee. I mean, what kind of a trial is that going to be? The jury's just going to fall right down in the basement of him. They're going to pee in their pantaloonies, man. If there's anybody out there who doesn't think that money can't buy justice. I don't know what they're doing. Yeah. That's what's going on. Well, you would think like I said before over and over again. You would think that somebody with his money and his resources could find some way to satisfy whatever his personal desires are without like jeopardizing his entire, you know, what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Like hang out in Bangkok most of the year. Do something. Get out of here. You know what I like is, you know, his song is Black and White. And did you notice what the defense attorney saw? Same thing. There's one black and one white. Yeah. So, it's his lifestyle. Exactly. And he can't decide which way to go. You're absolutely right. Listen, have a great holiday. Get your meal. And a great life. Okay. But if I am guilty of anything, it is of giving all that I have, all that I have to give. Say what? I'm a penis. My buttocks, my lower torso, thighs, and any other error that they want it to help children all over the world. Okay. Let's take another one from Tampa. Hello. Randy. Randy. Randy is going to swim last. What is it? I think Randy is swimming last. Well, didn't that guy say it was an employee of the station? No, it's an FLA. This is a thing that goes back when last hit or worked at FLA. There's some broad that worked in the news department there. And this is a, it's been going on for years. I forget how many years ago this was, four or five years ago. Oh, so I, I become a pseudo, Ojo on provocative. Something like that. Although, if for I, Randy did swim, I wouldn't blame her to be honest with him. How do I think? Listen, I got some great information. information my wife and I went shopping last night yeah come on with all this Luke for Christmas right she didn't know I had already been out day before for all the stuff out of my trunk she's changing clothes stuff it all into the tree she comes walking out all my guys she's all excited what's the note everything is the right sign so I'm like well you want to find out I tried some of this on so she's trying on this turn on that last night okay Christmas you know not not for a couple days yet next thing you know she's got that twinkle in her eye because of all the money I spent she's dragging me off and thinking is this why they do Hanukkah over eight days right exactly now you're catching on you can't be the gentiles a little bit slow to catch on but sooner or later you'll get with it happy out it and the same to your pal all those green lines wide open man there's something going on over there you just can feel it you know it's like a little annoying in the pittier stomach you know that they're you can just a smell it who smells like the inside of Elvita's car like that bottom front oh god you've never smelled anything like that in your life like a car that's about 40 years old it's had like a lot of smelly naked people lying in it probably him too the unwashed in the unclean here's Hollywood hello yeah cheesy that's where you got the name from pretty good sir hey the groomer dot our bridge shield got married to a drummer for fun jodie why was it geek really yeah like I thought that was Michael's girlfriend uh-huh no this Taylor's his girlfriend he's in the older women now he's becoming more mature that's why he looked like there you think what