Boy, Gary, that he sets all this up ahead of time. Oh, well, Neil is going to rip you and he else an asshole and that's just the way Neil is and you got to understand Neil, he kicked Alex, better chase him out of time. Nobody chased Alex, been at out of town. He chased his own ass out of town. He was pathetic. He was a wimpy little crybaby. On television, he was the biggest wimp I ever met in my life. Used to come in here during the news breaks and he'd sit down and try to have a conversation with him. And the only man I've ever met in my life, you couldn't have a conversation with him for more than like hello and goodbye. It would just impossible. Talk about two different worlds and they were just like him. So they've already got it all made up that I set the stage for him that the audience hated them. All they think the audience loved them. In their own deluded minds and that was Neil was the bad guy and everybody in the building wanted to take for the hour that they ripped me and about how this is my favorite line from the whole incipit interview. Adam, the lovely little Adam, my good friend, Adam. That two-faced Adam. Adam explains to us that no one has ever laughed out against Neil before tonight. Never. We're not sure if we'll get out of Miami alive. At the end of our show, our producer Adam Kirchner informs us that Jerry Bruce called to make sure a copy of our one-hour response to Neil is on his desk in the morning. He wants to play at the annual Christmas party. And then they go on to say how they came in the station the next day. Several employees thank us for the one hour blast against Neil. We're told they made 50 copies of the air check everybody in the building wanted one, including Dumberto no doubt. Talk about living a total fantasy. 1013 on the IOD network. 1016 is WIOD and on and on goes to the sting with Steve McRidlock. I should take some time or read the whole goddamn thing. It's incredible. It's amazing. Neil is ecstatic. He's playing bits and pieces of our show on his show. He's having the time of his life. And it goes on about how I did the first day they came in. I did my entire show on then. Have I ever done my entire show on anybody? Of course not. That's like, Joey says the same thing every weekend. And that's strange. How I do my whole show on him every day. And if he weren't here, I'd have nothing to talk about. But I guess before we came down here, I must have picked my way through just an anticipation of his arriving in town for many years. And Neil did this. And Neil said that and Gary tells us this and my favorite part though, what one of my just so many favorite parts is in the beginning of the interview. We talk with Gary Bruce, program director of Cox Broadcast, he's WIOD, Miami Florida. Here's the great line. Gary is always looking for something fresh and creative. And he loves comedy. So he pops the question. Would you like to fill in for vacationing Randy Rhodes for we? He's always looking for that fresh new comedy where we heard that line before. On Sundays and sometimes Saturday, unfortunately. Without a thought, we say, yes, it would be a real treat almost a vacation a week in Miami and Gary insists he pay us on top of it. He pay us on top of it and fly us in there and bring in our father and father and our lawn brother and sister and lawn are painted as kids and put us up in some 85 star hotel at great expense. And it goes on and on and on and on. And then it talks about the fact that they came in here and pulled back the curtains and looked in here like they were expecting an octopus or somebody in here and how I'm like this is soft spoken pussycat surrounded by mountains of food and I'm sitting here be spectacle puppy face little man chain smoking. I'm a chain smoker. I probably had one of my cigars lit up that day. So now I'm a goddamn chain smoker. Well, smoke this you idiot. And of course they also say about the language on WIOD. It says you can regularly hear words like a bitch and bastard and fart in fact Neil doesn't just say fart he farts what he says fart. How do you like that? I can fart on demand according to Steven's a gridlock. Oh, a little one. Huh? What a talent. Yeah. But strangely enough you can't say bull shot. They say with the eye. Like that strange like they don't understand that you can't say bull shot on a year. Although they as I recall didn't they let some crap go on yeah they have no perfect first day they were on. They let some crap go on here that shouldn't have been on here. Now it now it's all come back to me. And then they said, huh? It was shot. They let shot go. Oh yeah, well somebody better explain to them these great broadcasters with their great the comedy service and their fresh new comedy that through our certain things you aren't allowed to see on here and shot is one of them. Every her a George calling you morons. And then they say at the end of this little diatribe about how I fart on the air we say this on a stage to be weird uncomfortable using any of these words they say. One day we'll be back home we'll be the most syndicated comedy acting ready on the country Neil will still be an asshole. Yeah asshole is okay but fart is bad okay that's their thing where they draw the line. So anyway I have this tape that came in the mail yesterday which I'm not even going to open Tom Cruise and the cold kidman on the cold kidman isn't he I mean isn't she his wife alleged huh yeah right you ever see her. So anyway the movie is far and away and it's probably far in the way one of the greatest ever it's still a plastic thing and if anybody wants it just ask I'm just going to put her over to the side and over my chin a lot of calls but I have no interest in it it was about some iris thing and you know how pasty and the boring those Irish people are okay here's a mobile in Naples hello. Hello. So last call I just want to let him know and anybody else is here but yes get us kind of a place in tonight. They are. Yeah. We have a duty. A lot of them would be the this weekend tonight. How come they only carry it when we get embarrassed and we lose like the two first games in Detroit how come we plan to run on we play great they don't show it to the rest of the world. I'll just look maybe you'll happen tonight. Right maybe we'll turn it around tonight. Okay thanks. Okay there you go you ask and you get it. We have an open line in date 751 and 2 on the agreed lines. Relines are a very silent last couple of days they've got the blood to keep them or they don't need me 1-800-944-9463. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. By the way I want everybody who listens to 105 which is nobody in this audience to know that Molo is not black. Did you know George that they want to send him out on remote because they think that the audience believes that he's black? I thought he was. He's his white as the fallen snowmolo he's not black. And old. The white and old yeah and boring go ahead sir. Oh why you sir? Pretty good. That last couple of spilling you guys you gave usually when you say, ah man and ah and I always with you. I'm not bad. Yeah I think I'm not too bad. Yeah hey you are. I'm not. I'm not. Too bad Tommy Dennerburg isn't here right? I used to enjoy when Tommy was going to go. I'm not. Okay listen to this this is incredible you know they're. Oh and by the way the heat's going to W-I-N-Z they didn't by see that? It is they are. The heat's signed with W-I-N-Z. Right captain signed with W-I-N-Z and the heat will be going over there. Because starting next season the marlins have first crack on the Q-A-M. And what I think is going to happen is when the hockey team starts the Panthers this fall or Q-A-M will probably pick up the hockey. Listen to this quickly sir. Yeah. You know they want to hike up the prices on the pool? Yes well I thought I know I'm surprised that that the bumper stickers and the little felt tip pan on the quarters. I thought that was going to do it. Listen to it. I do a lot of traveling on the turn by day I can on the turn by day. They give me four sheets of nice sheets. Maybe that thought you were going to do a loot. Four sheets of paper. Telling me about the safety and the seriousness of buckling your seatbelt. Oh great. Okay so they're spending on. I wonder how much of cost of the print that crack. Well we had a good book. Oh there's boy Gary just came in and did like a little kazotsky in the room. We had a good book. We kicked that. He's dancing his job is safe. He's going to go ahead and build that house right down my street. Yeah wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute. Okay. Eight to what? What if I did four pieces? Yeah. Are eight two? We must add a tremendous month. That means eating the next couple of trends will be good. We'll think our way through. Woo! Oh sir we're all going to Tampa now. We're going for months. We had a kick ass book and eight two. George that means we get our bonus. What are you shaking his hand for? What tell did he do? Probably that big night to 10 hours the biggest hour of the day. Boy how do you like that sir? 25 to 54 we had a goddamn eight two share. So how will all those crappy numbers we got in Tampa? We don't give a crap about that because we're number one. Damn it. Congratulations, Neil. Thank you so much. In closing I want to call for you. Who says they show is boring. Sandy you stupid obnoxious bitch. God I can't stand her. Too much sports. We got an eight two which is sure better than your two two say. They would you probably wearing today. Go ahead sir. I like my interrupting you. I guess I'm feeling you don't have a chance to say anything here. It's going great. You do great. I just want to call for no matter who you're going. Go ahead. Fernando you're a dripping bleeding to you. Okay. Have a great life. Why? Open line and date one on the blue lines. How do you like that? Just when our confidence is low after a horrendous thing yesterday, which is not my fault. I mean I know what I do a crappy show. Believe me two three four times a week. But yesterday that news department again sticking their little pro window art show trying to see if they can't drag us down to their level. So the numbers are coming in. These second one had like pages and pages and pages of shot. It will be reading numbers and genuflecting and getting all psychotic. Hey we're great. We're great. Well why don't we tell somebody we're great. Why don't we get a TV spot like that guy damn hot 105. Mollows right. And old. And bad. Well Mollow means bad. He's trying to live up to his name man. Moe Mollow. 1024 on the IOD network. So the game's on ESPN that I. I'm so low. Correct. Toronto may believe Saturday. Red wins game number five tied up at two games of peace. It is going to be to all the way. I would tell you it's a lot more exciting watching it on. You see BCA and not only that but when you're watching on ESPN. You won't be able to hear the great tones of the great with a ball spot. Bob Cole. Yeah. Anyway we don't want to play all that crap because we don't want to get all that. We don't want to get all those women upset. Did nobody ask for this tape yet. I can't believe that. It must be really a bomb. Huh? Huh? It must be better. They saw the Tom Cruise is really a hunchback with a good face. He really is. Is something wrong with him? You know what? He knows in rain man. From the chin up, he's pretty good. But boy after that. Oh, he was good in risky. A first key business. He was good in that. Remember you don't remember a first key business. They was pretty good. That had his moment. You never saw born in a fourth of July. I don't want to see born on the fourth of July. I don't want to see that. I don't want to see any Tom Cruise movies. I don't want to see any Rob Loma movies. I don't want to see any Tom. All I will say Tom Hanks, although I'm very sick of him because he makes 700 movies a year. A league of our own was pretty good with Madonna. Well, even though it was a baseball movie, you would have enjoyed it was cute. It had its moments. So where are those numbers already? Come on. Let's have a party over here. Let's call off mom and say hey, I can't make it today. We're having a party at this station and we're going to celebrate. Now you go ahead and eat. Here's Miami on the Sterline. Hello. Hey, man. How you doing? Pretty good. I can't believe something the Alicina is the biggest Anna on American history and they don't have a Why hasn't got an Alicina? Why is it? What's that? You mean the guy who never heard a G-Gordon Litty? Yeah. I got news for you. You know, every now and then there's another one of these articles that comes out about they take a survey of college students who can't find the state that they live in on a map of the United States. And all this other crack that goes on. This country has more stupid people per square foot than a place in the universe. It's up maybe Uranus. It's shocking. And nobody gives a crap. It's into be stupid. That's why Rosanna's so big. I don't know the speed. Yeah. With her loose meat. But anyway. You got to let me think it's crooked and I'm off. Well, he's right in there. Have a great life, Phil. He was good. Open line on the Sterline at Sterline at Sterline O.D. I'm trying to give away this movie. And I can't do it. Hi, rated show here. Or somebody wants it. Look at that. Now it isn't that the tip off. There's one call in Broward. Those are the only two lines on a whole guide to onboard that are open or in Broward. The blue lines. And this person on five has got the hoods put a call for the tape, right? Hello. Hey. You want to tape? Yeah. Where are you? Okay. And you're the only person in Broward that has any interest in the show. And that's because you want something. That's right. It's free. Right. That's all I call for. Well, you got it. Thank you. How do you like that? That's pretty. I'm going to call for Broward that he got it too. But while I'm so intimidating, you're not intimidated, are you sure? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Absolutely. Absolutely. Correct. Right. Well, you hang on and George will get all your stuff. All right. And your name too. Okay. Hold on. Okay. There you go, George. There's your winner. You asked. And you got it. Still in its virgin plastic giraffing there. A wonderful movie called a far and away. Tom Cruise and the cold kidman who really, she looks like something. Anyway, W.Y. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What's happening now? What's that tape, two-way? What's that? How are you doing? I'm doing great man, how about this boy, man? Yeah, not bad. We have an open line in Broward, which one was that? I can't even shoot. Shoot us. Shoot us in Colis. Colis. He reminds me of Shullis Joe Jackson, 1919 Blacksawks. Good idea here. That was one scandal. Don't you learn from history? Get out of our face. Go away. You and our Rogers. You look. Go on a honeymoon somewhere. We'll send you a packet sandwich. W-Y-O-D. Hello. Only if a fan. Stan and Don. That must have inspired by our Don Johnson thing we played yesterday. Boy, that cart was gathering dust. I'll tell you that. So where are these numbers already? How come, go egg dairy up there as run in the round? He's like a high five and slap and squeeze in Georgia's ass? How come everybody that goes in there? Like, whether it's Miriam or Boy Gary anybody that's just a level cute little huggable George. God of the God Bad Taste and Bad Ice Side. George is all right. Just need to tan. Pasty. God. You're so paced. Go out. Yeah. Bet you are. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Where are you? Our first lady of the day. Where are the ladies this week? God of the day. So we're here today in the middle of all my trauma. You thought they would have come to my rescue. We're here now. Well, thank God. With your video club. You have bought a ton of videos or receive a ton of videos. It's right. Not a ton, one a month. Well, you have been doing it necessarily. What? You did necessarily work. No, but I forget to send the card back. God, right. Why don't forget I'm just too lazy to send the card back this way. I don't have to open up that big envelope from Columbia House or whatever it is. And I just toss it in the way. It's bad. I know I'll get a video and maybe I'll want it. And if not, I'll give it away on the air. Cause I'm a real generous guy. Well, but you want to find my name. You want to get positive response with them. What? We've got, I don't know how we got it. But about a year ago, we're in the club too. Yeah. And you said, you don't have to spend that card. You don't have to do anything unless you want it. And they won't send you up. No, not, you're not in the name. Oh yes. In Columbia House, Columbia Video Club. No. Yes. I'm telling you, I never send the big back. Well, I know. You must have had it. Yeah, because you're saying, if you don't send it back. Will you calm down, please? Oh, you must have had to check something off or do something somewhere. No, just out of the blue. Well, I don't know if we don't buy that many. But you've on a time of music. You should be able to have that too. Just give them a call. Then I got nothing to give away on a year here. You're my wonderful audience. They enjoy that guy in coconut creak. This is going to make his whole week. That's true. To 10 seconds of his life, he got to take for free. It's probably the only thing he'll ever win in his life. That's true. Probably right in his memoirs. Why don't you get I'll be to find your maybe. No, no. I got the big buck. So I can afford to pay for it. I'm not some kind of a tight one. I know that. That's some kind of a cheap skate. Okay. And now that I got this big number, I got this big bonus coming. Million dollars here. I can buy another corvette. Then you can buy a non-videos. At Maroony's here, Verlai. Or maybe I'll go up the street here to tropical. You know what? That'd be something to think about. Have two or three or four. Right. What's wrong with that? I already have two. Then you can give us all videos. One of my. Okay. Thank you. See ya. She just jealous. Or speaking of important stuff. Yesterday, of course Rick was no dummy yesterday. He knew it was a dead day for the phones. So we killed almost the whole first hour calling hot 105. Great job, Rick. Nice going. Call the other end of the bill. He spent a whole hour on that. Talk to some bonehead up there at Hot 105. Was it many Tavaris? A bunch of. Manitavaris aka Joe Brennan. Who the hell are you kidding Joe? What is it? Manitavaris is Joe Brennan on Hot 105. And they think Molot be black. Well, I got news for you. I don't want to burst your bubble. Molot is lighter than George. That's how pale he is. And oh. I mean he is real white. That's how white he is. He's like an albino. Molot. He's got pink eye. Just one of them. Like an middle of his forehead. Like cyclists. He's a white cyclops. So all you brothers and sisters out there. The thing that Molot is the hot stuff. The real hot brother. And the morning on Hot 105, man. All I can say to you is old brother. Oh, Dr. Speaking of that, we got to talk about the doggy doctor. Because I heard somebody calling Rick. The first part of the show is called Hot 105. Yesterday. And the second part was like doggy do. What was the hole in the from what I heard. So being the doggy do expert. I'm going to straighten that out again. We have an open line in Broward 524. What on the green line? Come on Tampa St. Pete. How come we got an 8 2 share over here and we got a one something over there? Huh? What does that tell you about the mental. Yeah, exactly. George is stuck his finger up his nose all the way to his earlobe. Man. Get your finger out of your nose over there and Tampa St. Pete. Let's get with it. Let's get on the bandwagon. Let's cut the crap. Let's stop being childish. Let's grow up. Can't we all just guide Dan get along? 1036 on the IOD network. Okay 1039 at WIOD and all I can say man is thank you. Thank you. Thank you to our loyal but very passive audience. Where number one? Damn it. Oh, now look at this. Here finally after all this tea is number 29 in our hearts is on the phone. Good morning, Neil. Dave. How are you doing? Now what's been going on Dave. I heard that tea is called last Friday and all we can long. I was like psychotic and then yesterday I got my days wrong. Don't I last Thursday you call? I think it was Friday because I had to go to the beach. I had to go to the beach. Yeah, we were like, I was just making it a rough thing. You're social life. You're busy and cluttered social activities. Well, that was nice. We had to find something fun to do. I want to congratulate you on your numbers. Well, thank you so much. Fantastic. Here's a guy who never even knew who I was like two weeks ago. And now he's calling to congratulate me on my numbers. How do you like this? Well, I want to ask you something in order to promote good relation between the plan and my amp. Yes. If you're just a guy, you're just the guy to do it Dave. Right. If you can promote him really. You take me to a Marlon's gang. Yes. You would. Absolutely. Okay. Well, we got to deal then. You're coming to Miami? Yeah. Sometimes, though. Okay. You let George know I had a dime when you're coming when I just checked. You got a schedule? Not really. I'm pretty open right now. No, I don't mean you. I'm talking about a Marlon's schedule. Not yet. I'll find out. George, have we heard about your schedule? Maybe this guy's like Orlando. It seems to me this is another one of these come on guys. He's pretty open. He's like, uh, he'll be here anytime I want him. Come on, Dave. You got to play a little harder to get to that. No, not tomorrow. We might even let you rub elbows with Drake Burrowski if you play your cards right. Yeah. Okay. But anyway, no seriously. We got those founders club seats for all of Marlon games. You will sit three rows behind the dugout. You'll be treated like a king and a queen and you'll love it. That's it. And you can be our spokesman when you go back. You can tell everybody how great the stadium is. How great Ryan Bonn is and everything. That's right. It's a great really is a great place. Okay. I guess that is one thing. Congratulations on the numbers. So what do you do? What do you do now that the hockey season's over? Well, I still got some events there at the arena that I'll probably be attending. But not much. What do you be attending? What does that mean? You be really. Yeah. Yeah. But that's still pretty open. I'm not doing much of anything. Working out going to the beach. Take any of these. God, what a rough life. He's working out. He's going to the beach and coming over to see the Marlon's game. Okay. Okay. Well, I guess somebody's supposed to bag a money under your door every morning. Right, Dave? That's the way to do it. Well, listen, let George know when you're coming. Okay. And to the game, too. Okay, Dave. Thank you very much. Take care of yourself. Bye-bye. Wow. Woo! What was that? I must have dreamed that. A little bit too friendly and a little bit too cooperative. No God. Yeah. I know what that's all about. Nice. A good guy to stay. He's great. God is it. Anyway, so let me see. Can we look over these numbers a little bit? Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm just, I'm flabbergasted. Really am I at a loss for words? But I don't know what to say, Dave. I'm speechless. Man. He can come over and guard our body. Miami. Hello. Oh, me. Or we'll just guard his. Yes. They were doing it. Man, we're kicking ass. We're number one. We're number one. Rick and son, how would the goddess do we better check hers out, huh? And her numbers. Just probably don't grade. She's probably sitting on the throne right now, getting all nervous and waiting to hear these big numbers. Anya. Yeah. I rented that movie. You've been talking about? Which one is that? Get Pani Jr. Oh, a fato. Yeah. Yeah. It was all right. It was not that bad. It wasn't all that bad. Well, there was only a- Oh, man. How can you have you ever been fat? I guess I have. And you didn't love the movie? I mean, especially you don't have to fat to love the movie, but if you ever have been fat, you have to love the movie. Okay. Well, the story. The story is on it's pretty cheesy. The story. What do you mean by that? Well, it's, you know, one of these, I don't know. It's just the little things that like- You didn't like when he went out and, uh, ate all the Chinese food in the car in a way back home. Yeah. He didn't like when he got to birthday cake for Anthony and he ate the only and then back across was- Was- was thickened or fingers in there. And were you ate the only and he was ripping the cake apart with their fingers and get all psychotic? You didn't like the part when he was like, uh, uh, forespeding the pizzas down his throat the whole thing? How about the coffee? Yeah. The beginning of the movie when he goes in his cousin, they used to eat the chocolate bars in church, his cousin died, his young cousin. And he's crying and a mother is screaming. And he goes in the kitchen and he takes a little piece of Italian bread and he dips it in the sauce that's bubbling on the stove and he drops it in the promise on cheese. So he starts eating and he stops crying. All of a sudden he's like, eh, and how he feels okay? Yeah, but what about- what about when, uh, his brothers born and he's- he's fit there, you know, the little clips were- if he starts crying, he gets fat and, uh, you know, he's fat. Yeah, right. Well, he's- they're changing these- he's got brothers diapers. How do you like to go when, uh, and- Was it on bankcroft that was screaming at the, uh, cash-kit? Or was it the mother? Hey, we- You had a college diet, and I'd just sign up again. And so screaming, she's great in that movie. She's the best. Yeah. He directed that movie, too, by the way. What's her? She directed that movie in bankcroft. It was a- it was a very, very funny clip. But you just got to tell me the movie was mediocre at then. Well, and how about the- how about the scene where he rips the, uh, uh, where, uh, I still have peed his rips that am covered, uh, off the thing with the, uh, chains at all. Rips him off. Yeah, me that were- gets the honey, do it. And then he starts screaming for the keys, and he puts the keys in his mouth and he swallows him or something. And he rips the coverage right off the damn wall. She's what a pouch that guy has. Yeah. Woof. Scary. I don't know what our reason is. Peanut butter is not paid away, Jolly. Don't melt it in the oven. Hey, um, actually, you know what? I also, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, one floor over the cookers, not- Did you notice that Mr. More teenie had the same twinkle in the side that Dom did? Yeah. Pretty scary, huh? Absolutely. Woof. I want my chickenware, this ratchet. My chickenware. That's the best thing in the movie out of many. Leo, but also when, uh, what? Have a great day. Clear. Gotta go. Now, more numbers here, we're not giving any of them out. And that's not fair. By the way, love 94 had a gigantic book, so they'd Capret if you're listening, your job is safe, I think. So anyway, getting back to buddy bud. The deal is capitaling is going over from QAM to INZ to do his late night in Sipin'. How do you like that, Mr. Green? How do you like that? Not only do I bring you the Montreal Canadian hockey wins. On tape, but also we bring it as gigantic book. So I was starting to say, wait till the heat find out what a great night time signal they got at INZ. They're going to be very sorry they ever made that move. Let me tell you, when I worked at WI INZ for five long, ponderous years at midnight. And I would leave there at midnight. And on my way home, I would get from the station, which is in Carroll City. It's like, uh, maybe a mile and a half, mile from Palm Avenue. It's on Palm Avenue, but from like, times. And I get to Pembroke Road, which is like a half a mile from the station. I couldn't hear it anymore. It fades out. No, their Broward signal at nighttime is not existing. North of 595 anywhere you can't hear I in Z at night. So nice move, Miami Heat. Too bad for any capital because he's a good guy. See, there is somebody I like, how do you like that? And Bob Green just came in smiling from ear to ear and y'all, boy, you guys are great. I guess you aren't going to tap it now. See, we got to buy the short hairs now. We got these by gigantic numbers. Where's that 25 to 54 again? I want to glow. I want to sit here and see you. People's out. Why does he go through this? It's boring. It's not boring. It's all we got. It's all we got. I realize it's a pile of crap. And it's very, very, uh, a split shot and best the way they do it. But it's, it's all we got. 6 to 10 a.m. 25 to 54 from a 4.5 to a 4.4. WI would de-hanging in there. In fact, move from number five to number four. And that team were the month of old, uh, Rene-Rene. I'm not saying nothing about that morning. Show Chuck, I wish you the best. You're a great guy or tremendous talent. Uh, congratulations on the penguins, but that show. Midday 10 a.m. the 3 p.m. 25 to 54 from a 75 to an 82. Number one by a mile. Beating up the tragic and boring WLIFs radio slush. And WRTO, radio ritmo with the 5-8s number three. No-speaketing lays. And love 94 with a gigantic jump from a 4-1 to a 5-7 midday 25 to 54. Followed by WXDJ. I don't know what that is. That another, uh, no-speaketing lays is not the Russell Wase of Station that he swaps with radio or ritmo or something. I don't know what it is. WFLC, the Coast had a crappy book. Sorry, Fleetwood's a great guy and I really feel bad. 7-0 to a 5-0 for number two to number six. Hmm, midday. Followed by WEDR, they seem to be slipping and sliding. How do I want to go? There's KISS. There's joy. There's Zeta dropping precipitously. There's power. Hot. 3-8 to a 3-5. So already the Cox Broadcasting influence on the FM is already kicked in. Knocked him down from a 4-2 in the summer book last year to a 3-8 down to a 3-5. So they can only go up, especially now that everybody knows. Followed is white. He's an albino with pink eye. 10-48. On the IOD network. Well he is. He's a white guy, okay? Hey listen if you're. Join us this afternoon. Be getting it to for Rick and Sides. There. Next week. It's Workstock's 16 right here. If I had the ability to do, I think you're out here right now. I'm kicking goddamn teeth in. Yeah, Alex another cry baby. You give us so in a dance about Rick and Sides and the most people I've ever appeared again. And Mr. Eagle and Fat Hank over there with your big ugly body and fat face. And Rick and Sides suck, emissionat. Well let me tell you also that little time Jerka Gika Gika at the Sun Sentinel Rick and Sides mid afternoon 25 to 54 from number four with a 5-4 in a fall book. To number one. We're number one. With a 6-4 in the winter book. I'd like that. This radio station has never ever had a 6-4 in afternoon drive. In the modern era since the advent of like more than 2 stations in the market. This radio station has never had a number like that in afternoon drive. How do you like that? 6-4. All these all year Hank is going to replace them. And this one's going to replace them. And Mr. Eagle is going to know this and they're getting canned. Yeah. Rick and Sides are gone. And wait till you hear this. At night, the goddess from a 4.8 in the fall book to a 5.6. 5.6 25 to 54 at night. Oh! And let me say it again. This radio station has never ever had a 5-6 25 to 54 in the modern history. When I say modern history, I'm talking about, you know, in the early days, the only like 2 or 3 stations in the numbers didn't mean anything. I'm talking about now with AMF and BM and PM and sure away. Just shocking and astonishing. And where did we go down and what they, by the way, Randy from a 3.6 to a 4.12 plus and night. She's the only one in the whole station and went up 12 plus. We were like a 6, 5 to a 6, 4 and Rick and Sides 4.6 to a 4.5. So about flat, the morning dropped off 12 plus, but probably because some of those oldsters from the old days dropped off from a, what do we have in the morning? 12 plus. Come on. I know you're on there somewhere truck from a 5-2 to a 4. But that probably kicks out a lot of old parts. You know what I'm talking about? We hope we shouldn't have prayed. Here's a lady in Tampa. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Pretty good. Can you do half meal? Well, that's why I'm here. Okay, I need the horse racing expert to solve a problem here. A daily email? Couple weeks. The valley daily email? I wonder if we say the phone's a low-dolly. Anyway, when I was down in the heat of change for a kind of time at few months ago, I read in the newspaper in the split section about a horse that I could explain was full and the feather. Right. In the hazard? All in the header. Okay. That's one of the favorites for the Kentucky Derby. He is? Yeah. He wanted to floor the Derby. Right. And he didn't whether he bought for like $65. I don't know. Okay. Then in a little boom, the habit and he's going to be in the group. Right. Okay. That's what I need to know. Did you see the buffalo savers in the Boston Bruin game on Saturday? No, I did not. Did you hear about it? Yeah. It was unbelievable. What do you mean by that? If you were a savers fan or what? Well, but I'm not. No, actually, I'm a Detroit veteran fan. Oh, God. I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. I apologize. God. I apologize. The advance that we're going to have to beat your ass tonight. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't know. No. Pulling the header. Let's see. He's got the eight lifetimes. He's got two wins. Two seconds. He won the order derby by two lengths. So? And he was 25 to one. Hi. Yeah. And he was second by ahead to forever whirl in the flamingo, a high alia. Really? Right. Now, what do you think on your pants? Because I'm trying to decide what to do. When the derby? Yeah. None. None. But I'm betting on him. Okay. All right. Me. Good. Thank you. Good. Good. And give you the run down on every race at the track. I had the four over the one two three. I had the five of the Kevin Wallace had the lead and Kelly Shepherd came on the outside. I love my. My. Everybody race. Everyone. I thought I'd never get out of that guy. Damn. How's this morning? I don't want to hear a live story every race. And of course, every time. Oh, it's meant to be a six horse. And the guy with no teeth came into three horse. Oh, man. I'm going to start. I'm going alone from no one. Thank you. If you heard it, it feels like you want to come. No. He loves it. He loves the publicity. much attention in his life. Okay. My pick for the Kentucky Derby is personal hope with Gary Stevens. Yeah crazy. Okay. Felix Potpanna's got. Oh. We're number one. Sammy. See you. Bye. Well I talk about worked up to our friends. Felix Potpanna is good. In fact, Felix Potpanna's device and we're going to do a little number four for us before the game tonight. Get a 95 share with that. Here is Kendall. How are you? I'm ready. Neil. What was that? Check this out. Oh, you're listening to that. You're the first guy. How are you going to speak to me or why? I played that whole thing yesterday. You're the first caller I've heard. I just got it yesterday. Yeah. I get released. It's a thousand dollars for my thought. Yeah. Right. That's that. Wow. That was a whole year about. Hold your breath. Keep checking the mailbox. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You're like five greens in a semi of grand for my thought. Mm-hmm. So this is funny. His Neil Rogers is either kind.