Tonight after Randy Rhodes is Don and Mike. It's National Big B-Mut and we're asking what do you like about Big B's? They're nutritious, they make them fart a lot. They're delicious, nutritious, and they make you fart a lot. Yeah, they're big beans with all my parties, because nothing breaks the ice like breaking wind. I'm gonna do a really big one here, listen. I locked these to whole mess of beans and then saved a doll, did it. Here it comes! Big beans make bubbles in the bathtub! Ready, here give me the microphone! Big big one, cheers! Lots of big beans during National Big B-Mut. All just gotta be big! This mess is brought to you by the National Big Bean Council. Wow, fossil arm. I, Luis Miguel. It's 1129, see this? And we have an open line in Broward 524WD, the reaction of last night's first ever. Panthers game is just so underwhelming that I'm astonished. We had two calls, one from a guy who had no idea what the score was, then from some, no speaker in Tampa, who thinks that Darren Tupas got and Felix Potpain had the best year ever had in the NHL last year, which he didn't have any idea what he's talking about, and that's it. Hockey in Florida, maybe it's a mistake after all. Here's the color red, yellow. No, yes sir. Let me make it short. Let's go to the board for a second here. Okay? Yes sir. The heat, the heat sucks. Yeah. Okay. The hurricane, if you can't know anything else to do, then you can watch him. Yeah. The dolphin is a great football fan, but we shouldn't all the log. Don't need it. Okay, Marley's Marley. I'm going to about 25% of the games. Okay, Marley, see what they're thinking. They are kind of 40. I'm not a see what they're all over for the Marley. You're not. The station is, I get dice, squeeze out their tickets. Oh, yeah. Look at you. Now, it isn't hockey. I've been in the USA for 15 years. Right. And never been able to watch more than five minutes, if they're for last night. Yeah. Or you want to get my advice? Go pass the ball away. Right. I got excited. Well, thank you, God. It was a pretty good game. And it was behind three nothing. It looked like, you know, they just roll over and kind of play dead just give a little practice. And they got right back in there and they kicked them ass. And they did it. And they said, well, after one game is not saying anymore, it's weak. Right. Now you're talking. Outstanding. Okay. I'll see you there. Okay. Thank you. Outstanding, man. There's a word that goes between out and standing, but I can't say it. Outstanding. Anyway, we have an open line in date. Seven five once we got one new hockey friend there, which is good because we'll find him a good seed. I can't find anybody but we'll find him a good one. Right there in the front row, right in front of the Weasement Gel. Okay. Let's do Tampa. Hello. Yeah. You know, you're doing. Okay. It's at a very good conversation with George. You know, the fantastic guy. Anyway, consider talking about the hockey game. Do you tell them anything about you to say that by the way? No. Okay. Let me correct you on something. What did I say now? I don't know. I'm just going to say, you know, because I've got a lot of stuff to capacity of the lake on civic sense. Five thousand. Right. But last night, they anticipated about 4,000 people there. Why is that? We had 3876 because that's what they had last year. They just really said there's not much enthusiasm on going to the games and lake one. Why not? Is that just the way it is? It's a bad place. Bad access. That's a small area. I mean, it doesn't have a good place to see hockey. There was no, no, no. I'm just thinking you were, you were right. The, you know, a high-piped up rival. We oughta thought they'd been standing online all the way to Barton. No, no, no. You just wait till the dunder dome. Do we get over there? Okay. Well, he's supposed to break the all-time record it's the dunder dome. I've found me 25,000. Thank you for going. I'm going again tonight. Where are they playing tonight? Where are they playing tonight? Where are they playing tonight? Right. Where are they playing tonight? Playing the blues. Oh, they're in Lakeland again tonight. Yeah. Yeah. And Curtis Joseph won't be there. games against us last year and against the black hogs my god. Okay. This guy was on heavy duty juice. They must have run out in the last couple of games against the Leafs before he was doing it. I don't know about right now. Yeah, he is doing. He's definitely doing it. The first game, in fact, that's a clip I played a Gilmore scoring in the second overtime. He had 62 saves in that game. Yeah. And again, that I went to on at Tuesday night to game. I went to he had like 20 some saves in the first period. 26 saves I think. Well, I'm not sucking up to you, but I love to leave. That's my team. Um, the stand behind the light. How do you, so how do you like that guy that called before about Felix Pothman about how was this probably had the best year ever had? I didn't hear. Oh, really? Yes. What's that? I didn't hear it. He's trying to tell me about how Darren Pupas, so great in Pothman isn't so good. It was probably the best year ever had. Of course, it was his first year in the league. He was a rookie, but don't confuse this guy with the fact. I hate to disagree with that man. He's wrong. Yeah. Okay. I would have a great deal of it. That's a death visit on Bobby Clark kissed and made up last night. Yeah, you know, I don't know what, you're not wanting to get like Joey Reynolds now. He keeps thinking up behind guys and kissing them. Good to have met last night. This is no shot either. Yeah. I met D man, I think. Did you? Yeah. He was wandering around. He was dressed really fine. Did you like it? He let you kiss him on the ball. No, no. I think kisses ring. I didn't get it. I guarantee that. I guarantee S Z don't get to be coming up between behind Wayne, I think, and kissing him on a cheek. I guarantee that. Well, of course. Yeah. What do they call him to waste, magnate or whatever. Bad joke. The waste maggots. Yeah. All right. He's in waste. You better watch out. I'll waste you if you don't watch it. Hey, we're not good. He's got all the right connection. What I'm worried about him up here? No, not a red. Red. Redski's playing tonight, too. Is he? Yeah. So tonight we'll be in exciting games. I might get that. Wait a minute. I thought you said you're playing the blues tonight. Yeah. And redski's playing. Red. Red. Red. Red. Red. Okay. Yeah. Anyway. I wish we were playing red. Red. He will play. I come over there and I stick him right in the nose. Wait a minute. Go back up here. When are you going to come back up to Tampa? October 9. Oh, I haven't heard October 9. Oh, for the at least. Exactly. No, not the least. Game of Panthers in the lightning. Yeah. Okay. I've got I'm all excited here. Sorry. And when the least do play up there, which is I forget when it is the 13th or so. I'll be up there for that. Okay. Good to you. Trust me. All right. They call me Mr. Pac-Man. Don't forget it. You are a Pac. I know. Look, I'm going to keep this rival going. If I'm the only one. Okay. I'm not good. Okay. How do you good day? See you. I hope lightning kick ass tonight. I have no problem with the lightning. They got a nice team. I like them. Even though Terry Christ needs some help with his hair. Oh, it's speaking of help with his hair. There's Orlando. Look at that. Who used to be very popular until we found Luis Miguel. Used to be a number one in our hearts in in our mind. There he is. Good. And I thought it was going to be real exciting. But since we got our Luis Miguel video going, well, we'll compare notes when he comes in here. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-944-9463. It's 1135 in WIOD and WSUN. If you're a sports fan, you like to make it mixed in some water with your sports or rate food and fun. Whatever it might be, hold against public oyster bars is the place for you. Hold against it's got everything you like to see. Like the lightning game, the panther game, the marlin game, the dolphin game. I mean, like even real teams. And special request and no problems to it. They can pick it up. You're going to see it. You're going to hold against for Sunday and Monday night football parties with a couple of men every week of a fan half time and free shooters with every lead change. Every Tuesday night at its food fast night with 25 cent oysters, clams, crab legs, shrimp and wings, as well as drinks and root specials, contest and giveaways. Hold against many offers something for everybody from fresh-shark oysters and clams, prime rib, babyback ribs, chicken wings sandwiches and lots more. Don't forget, your marlin dolphin and hurricane ticket stub is always good for a compliment and re-beverage after the game. So don't leave your stub home. Hold against public oyster bars and candle on South-60 highways. In Miami Lake, just west of the Palmetto on Miami Lake Stripes. And it's a four to patty marina behind Loman's Plaza and Avintura. That's Holigans where good friends gather to get lucky. Coming up tonight at eight following sports talks, six to the, it's Randy Roll. So look who is here. Didn't shine us today, Orlando, pull that thing. You know how to handle something that looks like that. And he said, well, good. And we're watching the Luis Miguel video together here and you said, what? I didn't say anything. You said, I, Luis Miguel, Eee. I was sure that's what you said. No, I come to you turning purple in the face already. Huh? No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I bring out the best of you. Or we're like to anyway. So anyway, what do you think of you? Thank you, sir. Come aside, sir. What? I don't know. No, no. What. You. We might. We're making. We got some. You want to run that bias again, George, what we got. We got an agenda so full here today. I may not leave the building all day. We got the stuff coming in the mail. We got everything coming. You have to know. No, no, no. In the fact we are, what? The bios coming over on the fact. The bios coming on the facts machine. Okay. What are you here today? He's not circumcised from we'll do it for a price. What is it? We'll letina. That's the Latin division of water. So how many points you give him on a scale of 10 or land though? I don't know. Go ahead. Just give me a guess. Okay. Damn. You. I don't know. In other words, what I try to say is if you were like really desperate. Yeah. Just can't get it out of this guy. You just can't weasel anything out of you. That's all right. Just sit there and watch and keep your hands on the table at all times. You said that he used to have long hair. Yeah. I remember watching a show like you been working out a lot. Is that true? It looked like all built up now. Like one of those. Really? Yeah. I worked out in my house. Yeah, you put with who? Yeah. But I have weights in my house. Yeah. I remember ship at the gym expired. So. How come? How come every time you come in here you sound like a real holio. With a day that he came up before. Remember the time you came up to my seat at the dolphin game? Right. The one time you didn't shine and showed up. Right. And he sounded just like like a regular guy. And you come in here and you have that it always is like a like an act. And act. Yeah. You sound like you're putting us on or something. Putting you on. Yeah. You're really on the phone and jersey or something. Oh, no. I did live in jersey. I told you before. You know, I look at this. Do we take care of your or what? All right. Here's floor is with 45 pounds. But only one slice of pizza. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. Just a little warning because of eat the second slice. That's it. Thank you, Sir. You're a great American. Okay. Now what is it? See how he told me this thing was a part like that. What was what is that an indication of? He was like, he was not between singers. He was like this. Like about two inches apart. Is he like a message there or something? It might be. It might be. You got to call him. I have you have a number. Nobody. So we looked in and saw we call us a drink. Can't this be a great day. And you're like, can't be this be the day that you just, uh, I don't know. No, but wait a minute. What do you mean? I act like a who you? Who you? Who you? You know what a who you is? Who you? Yeah. It's like a professional Cuban. You know, it's like a Julio. That's what we call him on this show. They love that. Julio and Dutch member. Holy old Julio and Juliette. Aroma and Juliette. Julio and Julio and Juliette. You're talking. Okay. Let's take some calls. You can start eating by the way. Time you want and the food too. Here is the Davi on the Starline. Hello. Yeah. I need a. Are you doing? How about those Panthers? Yeah. Pretty exciting. I know. Wait a minute. Are you going to go to a hockey games Orlando? I've never been a hockey player. I have season tickets. I'm so excited. Have you got good teacher? Because if you do, I hate you like poison. Well, then I won't let you hate me. Okay. I'm in the upper deck, but I'm on the right. Okay. I'm on the center. Yeah. Okay. But those are the good places to throw the octopus from. Oh my god. Tina Waltz is coming. No. Did you buy this? Well, thank you so much. God Almighty. I knew we had one sales person back there. We had her head on straight. Look at that. Look at this. Look at a look on. If you can see the look on Orlando's face when I showed him this CD. Embarrassing. I'd be embarrassed to have it look like the, well, I wish I'd look like that. Go head sir. Were they unbeezerable or what? The beezer is dynamite man. This is unreal. These book is God. He, I couldn't believe it. I mean, I really, I was given to that game when you know, we were too many short over and over all these penalties. And I was given to that game like it was a playoff game there at one point because I mean, it was so intense. And here was the first exhibition game we ever played. It was intense. It was, it was unreal. Yep. And so I hear you're also going to Vegas, huh? Well, I wasn't planning on going to Vegas, but I just found out that Louis, my buddy Louis Miguel, who's my best-post-person old friend is doing at seizures this weekend. I'm not going to Vegas. You're not going? I got a great restaurant for you to try. Did that Italian restaurant? No, actually it's more like like a steak seafood continental type thing. Nice watch, Orlando. It's called Hugo's. Yeah. And it's in a union path. I have a few dollars. But they have a great Italian restaurant there too, don't they? The vineyard or something like, I don't know what it's called, but I've heard that the Italian restaurant in Jesus is to die from. Oh, I don't know. I didn't need to. I ate a jelly there in the form shop. Yeah. If you go, eat it to plate. Okay. It's unbelievable. You'll have corn beef coming out of your ears. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, listen. If you're psyched, I'm psyched. I'll tell you that. I was into it. Wait, there's one other thing though. Yeah. Have you ever heard of that new game show called the Seasers Challenge? Well, I'm on Rashad. No. Okay. It's taped at vaguely. vaguely. Yeah. It taped at that seasers. Well, when I went in July, I was a contestant on that game show. Really? Yes. Really? Yes. Really? How'd you make out? How'd I make out? I don't want to talk about that. Oh, bad question, huh? Yeah. But it was fun being on the show and it was pretty wild to meet on my Rashad. Yeah. He's okay. He is okay. He never stole a freight train. He's on the spot. Sir, I'm going to have to leave you now. Like Luca Brotsky said, because I know it's your busy man today. If you're daughter's wedding. Good luck. You're back. Take it easy. Yeah. Oh, my God. We're going to have to terminate the show right now. Look at that. Look at that. Don't look at it too close, Irlandie. You might start getting nervous. He is turning such a dark shade of purple man and his face too. Anyway, it's 1146 at Wild and WSUN. Oh, that Tina man. She knows how to do it. Here's an incredible thing, man. Marlin fans get a Marlin season's of first limited edition baseball for just $3.99. When you buy any subway, you put long sandwich chips and a medium Coca-Cola classic at any participating subway store. Now, the baseball has the Florida Marlin inaugural logo and blazing right on one side and a list of commemorative first on the other. Like the first game, the first win, the first pitch, the first home lawn, etc. etc. subway, the place where fresh is the taste and subway, of course, don't forget their great fresh baked bread and fresh veggies and sandwiches and salads made right before the eyes, the way you like them. subway, the only place you can get the Marlin season the first limited edition baseball. So enjoy a BNT turkey steak and cheese subway club tuna seafood and crab meatball. Rosebee, veggie or cheese just a name of few. You pick out the one you like and also get a piece of Marlin's history at the same time. A commemorative season the first baseball for just $3.99 when you buy any foot long sandwich chips and a medium Coca-Cola classic at any participating subway store. A limit to per customer please while supplies last only. They all play. Well, that's great. And you're in here, did it around with the food? They all played. What an asshole, man. We're busy in here. You're in here, you're not mine. Well, how was I supposed to hear it? You idiot? How do you know they all played? You assume they all could or all the lights are flashing. That's when the limit of the movies may be never fired. We're a two busy show in the on that Luis Miguel and she said that looks good to me, but he needs a haircut. Does her looks okay to me? So we're in here. We got a so how about Orlando? What he doing a pinch? We can't get Luis Miguel in here today, huh? What are you looking over there for? He's over here. Okay, she's so goddamn bashful, man. Her husband's going to hear about this. She'll be finished. We're life. Everybody is so intimidated. So bashful, man. I'm not bashful. Just watch. Okay, here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. This is Marlin. I got the tickets from you on Tuesday. You gave him to me for my birthday to the Marlin's games. And we're really good time except they totally blew. Except for the fact that they're in a coma now. You picked a bad time to go. You picked a really good-to-picked, a worse time. I swear, the weather was great. You know, I mean, it was nice that it drizzled like two seconds, but man, if they really just totally blew. They bit the big one, yeah. Yeah, I was kind of upset about that. Did you go? No. You didn't go? Well, flying over the stadium was a flying over the stadium with like a twin engine. Yeah. And his engine stole out right over the stadium. Well, that's not the guy that was carrying the gigantic banner of Marqueen Markin, his Calvin Klein's name. No, no, he wasn't carrying a banner, but his engines sold out right over the stadium. Oh, that counts. Everybody just breathing in. It was great. What a rush. Beautiful. I think for the next dolphin game to turn our luck around. Instead of having that Marqueen Mark poster up there, we'll have a, we'll have Orlando and his Calvin Klein's like trailing over the dolphin game. There you go. That's a nice idea. Redgins and four skins. Well, here's easy. And now we have to, now before we do, we got to rewind the tape. Okay, for easier. Can you see on the VCR down there below? Or it says rewind? Yeah, that's a given instructions. I agree. You're on instructions. While this is a crappy VCR, you're folded down. There you go. Just keep holding it. Here we go. A little longer. A little longer. You bet anytime. Okay. Let it go. Let it go. Hit play. Play. Believe me. You see, you're appreciate this. You'll thank me for this and you're will. Okay. She's a big Luis Miguel of fan. And she's obsessed. Anyway, go ahead. I'm sorry. That's all right. I just wanted to call somebody to speak. Okay. Paula, you are a big beautiful teeny tiny. It's a bit too little to speak. Okay. I'm glad you had a good time. And part of the fact, I can't be responsible for our team sucking a big one. Okay. But it was still fun. Thanks a lot. Well, that's good. Bye, bye. See you. We're on the air here. Okay. You want the audio here. Get out of the way, Bob. She wants the audio too. She may have an accident in the here before we're finished. This woman is such a gigantic Luis Miguel of fan. If she knew that he was at Caesar's in Vegas this weekend, I might even take you if you speak real nice to me. Would Joey Reynolds. Yeah. But you don't have to sell me. Okay. And he and look at this Tina being the great goddess that she is went out and look what she bought. Yeah. She had Tina's a goddess. Say if you can't beat him join him. That's what they say, right Orlando. Can't beat him join him. We're starting to do the whole show in Espanuola. See you, Neil. See this. That's the famous Orlando. Would you like to sit on his lap for a little while? I'm told you're a married woman. Did that make a difference before? Look at look at Anna Maria laughing at that one. I shouldn't have mentioned Anna Maria's serve. Good for a jury in here again. Here is every time I mention your name, he comes in and says, I'm going to start again. I'm going to start again. Keep him out of here. Would you please go get him something to do? Have him clean the little train downstairs. That one that was overflowing yesterday. I don't want to do this in the middle of lunch. But I'm telling you if there wasn't something from outer space in this building yesterday. Oh God, he might have thought this was a bank because he left the biggest deposit. I have ever seen in my life. Yeah, yeah, there was a New Year's gift. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hey, Neil. Happy Friday. And the same two years. Thank God. The bottom time. I got so many choices now. I can go to Vegas this weekend. Or I can stay around and watch videos or whatever. But do you think your session is going to be back in time for Monday show? Probably. Well, I got so much earlier about the booster. Anyway, Kerry Poppin is Dr. Cubs Club across the creek. Wasn't that a joke? Oh, yeah. He wouldn't know Felix, Poppin from Dennis, Poppin. Yeah. Well, by the way, last night, now you didn't hear the, because you're over there. So you didn't hear the telecast on sunshine? No. Dennis, Poppin will be okay eventually once he comes out of his coma. He's a little I don't think the room either Poppin had the lowest, uh, going to get a little more Janet. He Dennis, Dennis, Dennis, Dennis, Dennis, Dennis, Poppin. One who's like doing the color on the TV. Yeah, I'm not talking about Felix. You don't have to sell me on Felix. Felix, Poppin is God. Anyways, why happen to that number 26 and you guys is Bench? What do you get a stick up his nose or something? Who's that? Some guy who won the line changes to going on. He got like a stick up. There's no that he carry them off the ice. Oh, yeah. He got cut on the ice. Yeah. He'll be all right. Yeah. You got a dead looking team there. Yeah. Thanks to the beavers. Maybe I'll write. I'm telling you. I'll know. He's like God. Maybe that was for that. Would be a three or four of those one that will be worth. Yeah, that's right. In fact, they would love to be in the whole game. I hate to break the news to you, but we would have won the game. Yeah. What was I going to say? Oh, um, Dees, we got it. Anyways, I was on the floor for a long time. I was on the floor for an hour. That's why you forgot. That's the way we plan it. And it works like a charm, doesn't it? Yeah. Y'all look pretty sleazy in the first period, but I guess you got that fire. And you know, you don't, you don't know how to heat your butt. Yeah, the first period. Well, well, wait a minute. How about the lightning in the first period? You guys had a two-man advantage over and over again and couldn't score a candy roll of sauce. Let's get serious. I know. 50 minutes of that game was, uh, was a penalty. You guys couldn't score it or land those bris. Yeah, the big-demyle choked a few times. The sort of Bradley, the whiff right down the open net. Yeah. But um, yeah. I thought that one Bradley had the whole open net man. He just choked big-demo. He just, he was so excited. It looks like happy birthday. And he just, you know, forgot totally about the net right there. Yeah. Anyway, tackle somebody. Deesh back. Go ahead. Okay. Joe, can 40. You're a meatball eating. But sniffing pain or ball spot. Doos bag. Okay. Have a great life, family. You too, thank you. Open line and broad boy. So much excitement going on in here. You would almost think we didn't even have a radio show. I wonder how much dead air there was at the end of that break. Huh? Well, never know. Maybe the lady in North Miami Beach can tell us, hello. I happened to be blind, but that shouldn't stop. We have an open line in date. 751. You believe that? Now, something that we got people playing tapes of blind Mike on here. That's the best part. Maybe they wanted to pull them all. Maybe the head to him, jingles. They wanted to play the Pumol Hesho on WSVH. Huh? What does that be saying for an SVH blind? Huh? South Beach blind station? Or they should call us one that because this station basically consists of the blind leading the blind. Here's clear water. Hello. Hey. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Sir. You really have to excuse the people in the West Coast. They really don't know a puck from a flock, you know. They really don't know hockey. From a flock? Yeah, flock, you know. Uh-huh. And, uh, you know, I tell you what, if you want to meet Luis Miguel. Yeah. What? Vegas? I tell you what. Orlando and I are going to Vegas this weekend. We're going to fly out there to meet him. I'm sure he's living at all hang out at the little Rocky Museum, you know. And the one? I deliver Rocky Museum. Yeah, all right. You know what, you know, hey, I got a shameful request. I really enjoy this song. Can you play a stuck on a bench and Dell ray for me? How about sitting on a bench? Well, whatever. In your case, stuck on a bench maybe true. But in Randy's case, it would be stuck on a bench. Yeah, well, in others. Can you do that for me? Yes. All right. Thank you. I'm Lisa Campbell, Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. Hi, Luis Miguel. See you. Oh. Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal dial 751 WIOD from date in Broward 524 WIOD. Outside the 305 area code toll free 1-800-944-WIOD and both of the mobility customers make it a free call by dialing star I-O-D. Now, the Neal Roger show on Newstalk Radio 610 WIOD. It's Friday. You best dude. I-O-D. It's just a fun girl. They're going for it. Never thought to be high. It's the same. It's beautiful. And it's fine. Oh, man. It's a good crazy. What a past. What a true. When it's bigger, it's better. Yeah. I'll do my hand. It caught my chest. Who were the blues? They ruined my best. It came out of my jeans. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's 16. Oh, beautiful. And it's mine. It's almost 7 in WIOD. So anyway, I guess if you keep your hands in your pockets all day, have a grin on your face. That was the message you're trying to give me. That was your sin. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, geez. Horrible stories are landers telling me during the news break about the guy trying to give him to go to Texas. Can we tell that story on here? Can't we tell anything that there was nothing grow test about that? What was wrong with that story? Why wouldn't you want to repeat that? I guess good. I don't know. You go ahead. Because then I'll say something. Oh, you know. You didn't say that. Oh, good. Right. What happened? I don't know. Okay. Let's get it. Okay. It was a bad story. Nothing happened. You were smart. You didn't go. The guy was like trying to do a conuid or something. And why did he give you a job? Some kind of a job. Okay. Here's a, oh, speaking of a guy who wants to give you a job. Here's a Bobby. How you doing? The assistant is Bobby. Yeah. How you doing? Why am I always associated with her? I don't want an identity of my own. I noticed you don't seem to be happy about it. The audience can understand. They can relate to that. I have no identity of my own. True. The first thing George says, this is in, Sandy's Bobby is it? Yeah. So how you been? I understand your circumcised by the way. Yes, sir. How do you like that? Oh, it's very neat. Not one of the unclean masses out there like Orlando. Yeah. Yeah. Barbarian is you, George. All you circumcised swine. I tell you that we have no cling on. Yeah. That's right. Anyway, Sandy's on the other side now. She's listening to Jerry. Is she really? Yeah. All I can say to that is. Hallelujah. Thank God. We got rid of her. She's working on the English only campaign now. Yeah. She and Sandy are going to start by anti bilingual campaign. That's Sandy to the power of two. What's going on with you guys? You sound like you're having a little falling out. Is there a lot of something? I just like to bust your chops once in a while. Good. The audience hates you're like poison by the way. She's even tell for about a week. So I'll be here all by myself. Really? Yeah. So you want to come over? No, not me. Orlando said he might stop by. Okay. That'll be nice. Maybe doesn't kiss on the first day. She's actually leaving me alone for a whole week. I don't know. Where's she going? She's going up to Tower Hats. Maybe she's going to wait low for the witchener. She's going up to Tower Hats. He's working on the campaign for English only. No way. She's going to go live in Tower Hats. She's not doing that. Get out of here. Hey. She's going to Tower Hats. Are you serious? Go to Tower Hats. He's tomorrow morning. For what? She's going to go live. He's starting Monday. You're yanking at me. No. I'm telling you. She's really got an intocendi. Okay. No, what do I mean? Yeah. Tell me. Maybe she can move up there permanently. Why would we have been trying but they won't take us? Oh, I wonder. You know, I can't have a sitting here. I'm wondering why Orlando wouldn't take a second place of pizza. He heard the news. Uh-huh. That's probably what it was. Definitely don't ever take a two-spel. Yeah. They shoot this 13-year-old kid. Well, first of all, the first of all, the old guy smacked him in the chest. He said, here, I get out of my face. You wouldn't give me another slice of pizza. Oh, and a kid went home and he got a gun and he said, but I bang that's it. And the guy's- You're new stuff is very selective on what they report. Yeah. They don't tell you that. Well, that's a true story. So now that you analyze it that way, now it makes it a little more sense, doesn't it? Of course it does. Right. I mean, anybody hits me in the chest, especially in this town. Right. You go home and you get a gun in your blow their crap away. But I think. Right. Just like that. But I'm being. Hey, listen and closing. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. No. Sandy, you're at a bunch of douchebags. Okay, Bobby. Well, it sounds like you're psychologically hanging on, which in your circumstances is a miracle. So congratulations. Thank you, sir. Hang in there. Bye. How'd you like to be married to that thing, huh? Although she is very attractive, but psychotic bitch. We have an open line in date, 751, 1 in Broward, 524, and one on the Sterline. If anybody in the audience would like to ask Orlando for a date. No. See, I don't understand why you always say you don't take your clothes off for a living. You're a male model. Yeah. Yeah. And most of the ads that we see when you have very little clothing on. Yeah, but it's like underwear ads. It's done like the ones that I see in the advocate. Those are put in there without your permission. Without your emission permission. Right. Right. Yeah. Forget it. Don't be so uptight about that. The fact that there might be so a bunch of wild fags all over America. No. Looking at pictures of you and getting aroused. Is that father you? Of course not. He's honored by that. Aren't you? Oh yeah. All right. So why do you deny that you get naked for a living? Why does that bother you? No. Doesn't bother me. I don't get naked. Close. Yeah, but it's never get paid to get naked. Yeah. You have gotten paid to get naked. Where was this? It was a Johnny Versace, yeah. I'd like to come and climb top at. Yeah. And came out in Europe. Well, what were your modeling? Calvin Klein air? No. It was for a Johnny Versace fragrance for the perfume. Yeah. Like the Calvin Klein. Anywhere naked? I think it is a jay bird. Yeah. All the Calvin Klein ads are all all nude. I was naked with the girl. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I believe. Yeah. He's got that nervous smile. I was like, oh, is he got to believe this? I believe it. Yeah. Now you weren't. Yeah. All the guys I was nervous the first day. Oh, was she also naked? Yeah. We're both naked. Yeah. Yeah. The guys were telling me to don't worry about it. Just to think about carburetors and dead puppies and stuff like that. And Luis Miguel. No. Well, I would have done it. Well, you. No. No. That would have done something. Okay. Let's give him a break. Okay. He is just turning shades of purple man. It's frightening. I don't know why. I've done the fact that his relatives might be listening. 1213 at WIOD and WSUN. Exterior planning corporation makers of thermo windows have come up with another most exciting product of our decade. Thermo guards safety windows. Well, makes these windows so exciting as the special kind of glass they're made with. Thermo glass. Thermo guard glasses hurricane resistant burglar resistant. It's guaranteed this window will stand a baseball bat being swung at it. A bowling ball being thrown at most importantly. This window has been wind tunnel tested up to 160 miles an hour. Now, what a reminder that this product is not and should not be confused with the quality of the window. This is a natural replacement window with impact resistant glass. It won't be fooled. Find out more about thermo guard windows. Describiting exclusively and only by the exterior planning corp. You can call them today at their toll free number and check it out. 1-800-456-9521. Ask them about thermo guard windows. 1-800-456-9521. This afternoon at 2. It's recon-thud. Then it's 6. It's sports talk 6-10. You talk radio 5-10 is. Coz when you buy a TV. Here is just words. Not as pet a file. Processing and WIT. In other words, you get paid 1,500 an hour. Even Kathy Willas never charged that much Orlando. That's outrageous. With an inflation in everything. Can't you cut the right down a little bit for us? No, God. Don't talk with your mouthful. Okay? We have an open line on the Sterlin. There I would be roses and doos bag. Is this somebody who's posting hours as Rosa didn't you tell me to say that? Okay, we got so much inside crap going on here And I have no idea what it is and I keep forgetting to look back at this little thing here that was in the CD That was brought in let's just play the music to how with anything else okay. Let's just put the music on and we'll all eat together Rosa you're not a douche bag. George said roses with a cracker. George is dead me So I guess we can assume the weases making a little bit more per hour than you are Orlando We don't want you to get a big a swelled head He's not making more than you are a lot more like millions millions and millions and you're probably like just as talented as he is I can't so I can't think Look almost as good as he does Anyway, so now we got this so an interview with Luis Miguel by Manuel Pila By Manuel labor where did this come from by the way? That's from the girl that's from Elsa from Warner. Oh, this is well in the horse's butt Well excuse me look at that. Here's a whole biography career of Luis Miguel 19e two in the two-year span from ages 12 to 14 he records and succeeds with four albums one and one equals two in normados in normados Huh, what is that? Oh, a nomerado said thought it said enormous Well, I chose you where my mind is here's a mobile as they're gone on the mobile Dude it looked like that for just a second He said it's enormous Here's a lady in four-later day along the storyline. Hello. Hi, I have a quick dot father question. It's driving me crazy. Yes, man You're all take your crap right now. Is it Luca Brotsky or that loupaz? Cobra no Luca Luca Elucca not loucus and last name is Brock. What are your target guys? You know named Lou Luca Louis Louis So Luca Pause probably Louis from the restaurant and the Bronx where they had the big meeting Remember Louies in the Bronx? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm Luca Luca, okay, like the song Luca don't you remember they have salotto the turkey and And he's having a thing there with time they take a Robert Duval and they take him under the thing there and they're holding him hostage and he says Well Wait to Luca Brotsky comes after you or something like that. He says he gets that treasure cat grin on his faces Let me worry about Luca Luca. Okay, go. All right, thanks. Is that it? Okay, it's the answer man we have an open line in the the Sterlin Stero D. I want to brown don't shake that too hard now Let's go to a lady in my Miami. Hello Hi, how you doing great first of all. I want to tell you that you have the wrong CD Oh, you have to get the one that well, look, look, he knew when I would and bought this for me Where they're on hard and bugs she came in here all the way in here and I'm very grateful especially for the one picture in here We're like he start naked. Oh, that's pretty close That's actually that was worth it then. Yeah, but no, Orlando City at too much clothes on he'll never make it modeling Kelvin Klein Now the new the old CD with his romante that's the really nice one because it has all those low specs Lusty song. Lusty song. Yeah, that's the one you have to get really yeah Well, let's want to make do the one where he's got his hands deep in his pockets in the big grin on his face Now you have to you have to know he looks a lot different now when he first started yeah He used to have this you know shoulder lanes hair oh and all he would do that's what Orlando said He said he used to have here. Yada was public it was gross and all he would do is jump around and stage and just Yankees hair and all the girls around and Yankees Yankees and his hair too He would just pull the tug at his hair in the front and then he's do like an Elvis move. Yeah, oh, he was gross But in other words, he was trying to be like Michael Jackson he grabbed it as a thing and jumping around a lot in the lifting whole boy This huge action and alcohol go yeah, he has all these wild parties With whom? Well, maybe we can flip in if there's that many people there's all never notice us. I'm sure you can flip it Well, it all go we're leaving right now the bus is leaving in a half an hour anybody wants to go in party with Louise Go to Vegas. I guarantee there'll be somebody there for everybody Well, do you gotta get that CD? It's really really good. What's it called romance? romance My tongue keeps getting stuck on my motor Anyway, wait a minute. What is it? romance It sounds like Sally fit's in the building. You hear that? You know or apparatus is intense gear Man, it's about to take off into orbit. You know Neil or Nanda has a real sexy voice. He does you ever see Orlando No, I've never heard oh my god. He would make you forget Louise Miguel and Otah So I don't like really loose Miguel. What do you like about we think you don't like his looks? No, he's just then What what do you like? Chubby guys? No, that's tell me, but he just looks like a really young kid. Oh, that's why you like him He's 23 years don't say that he's legal age As long as they're not jail bait that's right up my alley, okay? Leave you no move George Orlando is more your uh Orlando's 28 Orlando's 28 he's a male model There you go. He was in the men from Cuba calendar which all the other guys were ugly and he was out of this world I'm gonna tell you something Orlando you locked out because you stood out of you must have had something to do with that You must have had some pull if I could have what's it? Huh, what's it out he stood out it's good out no really because if you go down on South Beach You'll see so many beautiful Cuban guys. I mean really hot looking guys am I right? Yeah, you do I'm asking him oh, but no no don't you stop it. Yeah, yeah Huh, why is he so quiet? because he's turning a deeper shade of pale man because he is the mama's list in right now I get very embarrassed easily your mama's a mother. Yeah your mama mama yeah why mama? But anyway, so make it a probably thought a lot of really hot looking guys Donner and so base but they had all these ugly guys in in Orlando who's like a 45 on a scale of three Yeah, so he stood out that's why he became a big star now So he's in a calendar and he's in he's in everything if you open up any magazine He's modeling all over the place he's like in Calvin Klein things. He's all though. This is a major star We have here He gets naked for money Well, hey, what More than you got honey. I'll tell you that Listen have a great weekend. Oh before you don't you I just want to tell manny Mike and Juan your major douchebag. Okay, okay hang on Tight we have an open line in date 7511 at Broward 524 and one on the Asteroine star ID 1224 W. I would dnwsu and don't miss the weekend magazine featuring the latest news information trends and what's happening This Saturday and Sunday morning right here Are you cereal Who is bending over in the motor home and she wasn't wearing any underwear Go ahead don't tell her don't tell her don't tell her don't tell her if we don't hear this I tell you one thing love Don't tell her who's done a teller Get me true. No, I'm not who was she Okay You're not gonna tell us How come he's so verbal during the break man and as soon as the bike goes on he claims up like a like a clam Who is she how old is she what is there story What does that underwear she was exactly Well she was wearing it. Yeah, I can tell you okay No big deal that's what she said about you too. Okay. Let's do a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello Yeah, Neil yeah, holy can only I woke up this finding only to find Jerry Jones a dire The wallet yeah, he served up a real nice play to him. I guess though. I guess those two losses really got to jadda Huh yeah He convinced them to get out the old checkbook and cut the crap Yeah, I think he cut him four million to start with square square Yeah, oh You know You know I'd be the kiss a death for him. You know like two fumble Yeah Good I think of course that's our luck again. Emmett Smith signs before we get a chance to tackle the cowboys Just like what's his name ripping will be back he'll be all healed up for that Monday night game when we play the redskins That'll be the day he comes back. Yeah. Yeah, and then well, I think out of week off two after this You know from the catcher brave and learn how to catch the ball and all yeah You might have forgotten that I mean, we're not to change the subject, but I want you to anyway I was just thinking you know the old porta patrol has been working their butt off around here with all these illegal aliens Why not when the legal aliens coming give them a rental tie Was because all over it and maybe a map tape right up on the old dad. Yeah Oh, and then blast away and yeah, and give him a little sheet that says by the way when you get a slice of pizza always ask for a second one for free Yeah, oh anyway, okay listen have a great time at the Ecclan rally this weekend We have an open line in Broward 5249-460 with that from David must have been well He'd have been really upset if we knew we had Cubans in the building today. Okay, let's do my Emmy. Hello Miami Winners taught days Long gone okay probably got to excited when we started talking about Donna tella We have an open line in date 7509463 here's a lady in Port Charlotte as you're hoping it's not Margaret It certainly is Joseph and Mary Am I the one you call oh there goes that last there goes that line Privilege to be on on radio without even calling you how about that what do you mean by that? I got you a sin Some lady some lady call yeah, yeah, yeah, you're brother again and No, I'm less Anyway Yeah, I've been I've been on this thing an hour again. Yeah, how does it feel? I've rehearsed and rehearsed and rehearsed and rehearsed Yeah What are you better do a good job then? Well, I'm I I want to tell all those gentlemen that are talking about the way I'm on the west coast and I'm a big hockey fan yeah, and I watched the game last night they called you the puck mice to write Margaret Yes Don't do that to me. Okay And it was a fantastic game. You saw it? Yes, I did great on TV last night Uh-huh I love hockey do it. It was it was really a thrill because they both were very good. They were real good very good and some of those guys are better than others though Well, yeah Some of them were real good. Well some of them not so good. Yeah, but the score should have been Bigger than what it was to do it a lot bigger that's what I've always said should have been a lot bigger We have to make do with what you got Margaret I guess Yeah Okay, right Now to the depressing Yeah Yeah, I got to watch I was fortunate is there unfortunate is a case maybe by the way Margaret you ever read the advocate I'm sorry