The new thing, Sean. No, you're making that up for now. I'm serious. I've played you mentioned his name. You know why I'm glad you mentioned his name? Why? Because I almost forgot one of my main topics today. Oh, we go. And that is that Bob Boblasseter is an asshole. And this is on a business and a personal level. He's no seriously. He is one of the most malicious. One of the worst. Just absolute no talent. No sense of humor. And the number that he's been doing on Randy lately. I haven't said anything about it because I don't want to get involved in the middle. But a couple nights ago, I'm coming home from the track. And I listen to that, you know, best of blah, hour between the night and he's him and Kara, who's just a suck around bitch over there. By the way, the two of them are going, I mean, just the lowest, the slimy is the smart me and for no reason whatsoever. Bob, I got this boy no matter what you think of Randy personally in two minutes. Any two minutes of her show, she does more funny stuff and will make you laugh. Then when this man is done in his whole on the air career, if he's been on the air 15 years, she's funny you're in any two minutes and that's not the bait of it. I mean, there's not even any question about that. Even if you hate her like poison like George does, she at least will make you laugh a lot, whereas Bob ate funny. Oh man, who was her mental cancer? He was a person who had a threat and personally, he makes me sick. I hate him like poison. I will not go to any hockey games or dinner with him. We want socially nothing with him. No, seriously, I remember that day. I called him up a couple of months ago when we did that Y and F thing. And the next day I was very upset like everybody else. I call him at home. And he goes on the air the next morning and be in and twisted all around. And repeats everything I said on your five year just a back stabbing piece of crap. You make me sick. You got no sense in humor. And the only reason you got any number over there is because you're fit right in with the A. I'm ready to go. Well, I'll see you. They don't even know how proud. If he keeps up with this profit crap, man. No, I mean, he was going on and on and on about about the poor people not having anything and how they're working, you know, how they should donate. And the people that own these rich companies should give them their money. He's going over to FLA. The impitzent they're like a glove. You don't need to do. He needs to take all the 15. He said there's 15 part time employees over it. She went to don't have help in charge. Well, he'll take it out of his fat paycheck and give it to all. Out of his fat hide. There you go. That I heard him chowing down from Mike the over the deli again. No man. He was doing it. Yeah. The kosher all the way for speeding it down is our way through. There you go. Okay. I know you're having a great life. Last of you make me sick. You're a walking piece of puke. Exactly. No argument. A fat slob and obnoxious mean spirited nasty obnoxious ass. Let's do a black man. We all have enlist that. That's not that's for real. That's right from a heart. You make me nauseous and you're just garbage. Your human go human waste. And that's why they fired his ass in Chicago. It wasn't that his show was boring, which it was. But they would have put up with that because they have a lot of boring shows on WLS. It was that he was just a pain in the ass and everybody hated them like poison. And they wanted his ass out. O-U-T out. Not a team player by any stretch of the elish. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. So if he's not talking about health care for the elderly, that he's got to be him and Kara got to get together. Rip Randy for four hours. That's his idea of his show. Listen, I'm 38. So I'll be calling. I'll be listening to radio a bit more. I'll be listening to you. Right. He's a ball time. And then he said rush limbo. He's calling Mr. Pumpkin. He's going to head with way through 100 pounds. But he didn't make the one point. Somebody mentioned it to you. I didn't get a chance to call when you were talking about it. You can say anything you want. It's going to serious contact. Okay. It's a continuous. If you're serious about it. He said he doesn't remember reading the first amendment that it has to be serious. You know, which is very funny. I think he'll make that crap up. It's just that by the way. It's a paper. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. What's your obsession with Jerry Williams? What is your obsession with Jerry Williams? What kind of an in-game question is that? That's from Bob last year. Oh, tell Bob last year to find a life with all the stuff that's going on this week. And he's talking about Jerry Williams. He's your God or something. Not my God. I don't see unlike Bob. I don't imitate anybody else. I just didn't mean. There's only one me. Unfortunately. Bob and I. We're calling out for them. Yeah. I go along with them. There's a 70 year old woman that got killed by Ginders. Give about that. He's like, get out of here. He was on the tape you just played. Remember that? Right. Turn the end of the hour in the 9 to 10. He was on there. You're a chronic. And if Bob hangs up on you, then join the crowd man. Because you're going to have a lot of us doing it. You're a chronic punk. You sound like about the 80% of those punks that call Rick and so on. That all have that same voice like Danny Danny or whatever. They all sound the same. They have that same mindless, spaceless jackass. Go away. Too many good things going on this week. I'm not going to be deterred for my appointed grounds by a little pimpal heads like you. Here's my end quote. What we're doing? George is on his set in there. It comes in real fuzzy and it's a lot of fun. I love you too. I love you too. No he doesn't. He's not. He's in the animal area. He's going to love the his partner. He puts out. I find him. But anyway. Everything's fine. Oh really? Oh, and I'm not speaking. We just wave. Did everything was fine. Well, I'm not getting in the middle of that. I have you'd love to get in the end. No, I would definitely not like it. I would. I would. Yeah. Yeah. And then the middle of almost anything. I'm a little pickyer than him. That's why he's getting something. So he was. I didn't see in your face. I don't know. I don't know. Are you going to start attacking Luis Miguel? No. I said he was a good looking guy. I said he was okay. But you know, he looks like. Get ready to make that sound. You know, he looks like I thought about this. Yes. Manny. Moonau. There is one picture. He does not look like manny. Moonau. But there is one picture I have that I won't show you where he does look a little bit like I. Without the bubble button happening. Now that is an old. That's an old album. Okay. That's like six years older. I don't get finger print. Oh geez. You almost dropped it. You crazy bitch. Oh, it looks like we've gear it net. It's so that was really kind of a. Yeah. It's very, very. Ronnie. But he filled out a little bit. He's a beautiful looking sweater. He's loving it a little bit. He's. He's a little too much. In fact, I might have that. He's like, oh, cool. The hot bigs and guys and the just enough for for all of us and they're just a roll of honor and fall a kind of sand in. Yeah, I'm not. You know, he ain't bad. He ain't bad. He's got those pouty lips. He's got those nice haze lines. I do something with a sand. But that's it. Well, that's an old thing. His hair is not like that anymore. It's 16 in this. Well, he was 17 in that picture. It's an old album. It's his best album. Why are we discussing this? We're discussing you now. Don't try to deflect. What's the talk? Let's talk about Bob for a couple hours. I hate Bob. I hate Bob. I hate Bob. I hate Bob. I hate Bob. I hate Bob. He's a class stabbing phony of what he is. You know, and I mean, the first one to tell you that you're still in a little discussion. I was in the interview. I was in the interview. I just had a witness who called who was there and said hello at the game. Like a lot of other people didn't tap us Saturday. And Joel, chronic Joel, who will never darken our door. Ginges is an ocean provocateur. But he sat right in between us. I wasn't even sitting by Bob and in addition, which I wasn't sitting by him at dinner at Donna Tellos. He was sitting like on the other side of the post. Come and listen to me. Why would somebody go on the air and say that I sucked up to him for what? What is he going to do for you? He said you sucked up to him. Right. But why would anybody say that? It makes no sense. Nothing. He says makes it a drink. Don't make it. Don't make it. It's not pumping the lines of his FLA. No speakers that he's like the glue. It's a big fat whale in the small part. He is the big fat whale. He is the big fat whale. He is the big fat whale. He can't make it. He can't cut the mustard here. We would never even consider him in a major market doing any day. What I mean, time did they know that? What I mean, since you were for your success, he would then meet for mine. I knew what it was like getting a full call. It was like a phone call from her. I talked to her on the phone yesterday and I'm holding the phone like just like this. I just like this. I mean like five feet away. Like in the dogs are listening. Oh really? Is that what you do? Yeah. Well, because you don't have to have a close to your ear or your ear. So anyway, let me take a break and then we'll come back and tell everybody to good news. Is there good news? Yeah, it seems. Bob's going to be unhappy because Bob's been doing a dance him and Carol over there. Been playing grab ass with each other, praying that dancing on your hand. Oh, you know what? This he knew you said, well, do a break. It's 12 21 to WCX. I thought you weren't going to be here when it gets said. Now you look at that and tell me that that isn't something really extra special right there. Yeah, he's cute. He is. Good. God, what do you have such crappy taste anyway? What am I asking you about? I do not. The worst taste did not just man, but in humans like in Tampa, that's, oh, what was your name? Who? That pig. Oh, what was your name? Heaven? Hell would have been a better name on him. She was disgusting. She was gross. She was almost as disgusting as that jacket the hockey game. Oh, oh. She's like this. He was like, what a lie. He was beautiful. At that time, I weighed 30 pounds more than I weighed. I've the brought the hockey game last night. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I've got his wife who's like a big fan of ours. I recats from Bayside from the marketing department. I hate everybody named Kat's by the way. Do you? Yeah. So anyway, she kept to give me these ugly looks and then he comes over to boy curtain. It turns out that he's a big fan and like a buddy buddy with Kurt. So that should explain some of it. So we're going to watch some of your video after we watch. Randy's going to continue to be here just out of spite. In fact, he said that just to piss Bob and Carol off, she's going to work for nothing. She'll work for free forever just to agonize them. And of course, give him more material. Now, I heard him a couple of nights ago and it was the most scathing, the most uncalled for the most bush leg, the most outrageous. And then when you're sitting, you talk to somebody like I was talking to you on a phone yesterday and if you would have come on the ear and repeated a conversation, I mean, it's you just don't do that. It's just common sense if you have even a my new degree of professionalism or integrity which Bob lacks both. Exactly. You know, you called me back after I spoke to you and you said, please don't mention this thing. Right. I didn't see you. I go, what do you add to your mind? Like anything you and I would have had nothing with anything. It was just like anything. Exactly. But like I would have a repeat anything that you ever said to me in confidence. And like you actually told him any of these things that he said, because none of it was based in reality, Bob is not based in reality. Carre is you know suckling something really seriously wrong with a he's a drug. George is into caratoo. That's he was the dog. Stop with this ridiculous. He will not admit it to you, but I can assure you, I sure as I'm sitting here that he's like got fantasies about her. Here's obsessed with that fit. You know, it's a fat part. Who knows? Did you see her husband by the way? Did you see her husband? No, I can't even believe she's married to anything. Well, not to anything. To something. Oh, he's good. Really? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. No, don't. I love dogs. Don't insult him. She is the most heinous person I've ever had. Here's a girl who they take out of the stupid little newsroom. And they say, okay, he's a little tricky. We're going to give you like something to do. You'll get to clean up after Bob. And there are all of a sudden how he goal gets to be like the size of Texas. She's out of control. And she's sitting there, trashing me. Like she's got something to some right. Plus, you gotta really tell chicken this stuff is how ridiculous this stuff is. There over there where I can't hear the goddamn shot. I think you owe me. I think you should do from not to a clock. Let me go home. You owe me. I do. Don't you? Yeah. Did I straighten your problem up? Yeah, the bad. Did I tell you that I give you good advice? Yeah, I did. I did. I did. Okay, let's take a call or two. Somebody listening might know who you are. Sarah Soda. Hi, good morning. Good afternoon, where are we? I thought of this. When I thought of this. Well, I got my tongue out of there again. I can't tell you. I can't tell you. Anybody calling on this article? I'll come. I'll come. That'll over here. Laman, get the bottom of the case. Now, when did I buy me again? It's about this lady who's been moaning the railroad engineers over here. Is he been moaning it? Yeah, I'll be very refunded. It's priceless. Two undercover found meadow detectives were on a mission to preserve the committee's moral order. For several days, it seems to see X-Rail Road engineer and accrue it found themselves repeatedly insulted by a woman who ran from the back of the wild turkey bar and mooned them. She would stand eight feet from the tracks. A few hundred yards from downtown on the main street and bit bare her behind. It's irritated the railroad workers. They sought police help. Now, get this. The detectives decided to launch a stake out. They don't owe T-shirts and jeans and stood look out on the slow moving cargo plate. When it reached eight, they didn't owe you. The engineer moved the horn and he, and the sure enough movement appeared. She said she walked to the track, paused, turned around, pulled her pants down. Then they said she bent over and spectated her rust-colored cowboy boots and wagged her thought ox at the train. Oh, she was wagging. The detectives jumped from the train made the capture. They placed the suspect in jail. Now, then the guys at the bar, they're all mad. So what did they do? They all get together and they bail her out. It was entrapment said a man with a pool queue. The guy on the train honked the horn 20 times because he wanted her to do it again. The demensons at the bar took up a collection bailed her out. I didn't do anything wrong. She said later, holding a pink drink, we were having fun. And then the guys were mad because the coppers all arrested her. Now, where was this? This is in Palmezzo. Oh, in Palmezzo. Well, we know what would they do there? Well, they're trying to be trouble. We'll go to the school. Right. The coppers go on to say, they're mad because their waist and tail spares money doing this. But the sergeants said the department had received the similar complaint. And they knew who she was because they recognized her face. Yeah, they recognized her body cheeks. Yeah. But the bar patron didn't care later in the day, in fact, another woman at the Wild Turkey ran out to the railroad tracks rolled on her pants and screamed. Arrest me. I thought that was priceless. That's beautiful. I want to ask, I would not be priceless. It's probably got a priceless thing. I don't like everything else. I want to ask you something. It's a call to trophy to trophy to give for the most valuable player. Kind of all kinds of lies and stories. This man who is stolen every idea, every piece of material that I ever had and done it poorly, by the way. Oh, very poorly. As it all came off. So glad you finally seen the light on him because we're waiting for him on it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did I ever say that he was good? Did I ever say that he had a show? I know what you ever said about him to me. He said he's right way he belongs. That's what you would say. That's what the company is. I went out to lunch one day and I said to him, I said, I know he's your friend, but this guy just blows. What's that? He's my friend. Well, that's what I said to you. I said, I know this guy's your friend and you didn't correct me then. Then you said, I said, but I think this guy really blows. This is the most boring show I've ever heard in my life. And you said, you know what? He's exactly where he belongs. See, I proposed because we have this problem with the 9 to 10 hour here and they play that out. Not just ridiculous, whatever they call that thing. You're a woman. I'm the warm up power. It was just an acid ion idea and I suggested they carry his 9 to 10 hour. Wow. Will you let me finish? Now, what is this about again? Who are they like? And they're bed together. The guys in the girls like in September. The guy is just lumbering together though. Like in a pile. And I suggested the powers to be here that put him on carry his 9 to 10 hour, the last hour from over there. And they considered it for about 20 seconds. And they said, we don't think that's going to happen because we believe that he's Tampa. He is Tampa. He would go over in Miami like they all have like Stale Halleva in Nova Scotia. Exactly. He's a perfect Tampa. Can't just sit at the top. Here's a lady speaking of Tampa. She knows by me. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? This is Betty from North Miami. Hey, Betty. I was a Betty. What's up? I can't talk to your last call. He'll be. Listen. I'm a double thing for tell you. Turn it loose for a second. You'll feel a lot better. Yeah. Okay. Now grab it again. Listen. Go ahead. Come on on the second race. I'll call the race track. I can. There's a horse named Fantasy5. See? It's going to win it. It's my horse. All right. Cox broadcasting is. He's justing a whole bunch of money into those guys. Yeah. That's right. No. Yes. It was on our news here. You know it's going to be true. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say, pal. Hey. You know who else?