He all can't be so wonderful. Your program is always so educational now that thing that creature that comes on before you, every I can't say the word that I can't say it. I'm just a lady and I can't bring myself to say it, but he's so what's the purpose of that program that he wants it all about? I'm going to tell you something. We're going to do four hours on her today by the time she comes in here, her bottom is going to be scalding red. By the time that pseudo intellectual comes in here at two this afternoon and she is just insufferable. She's got a group of yentres. Did you hear that first caller she had yesterday? I mean, it's open warfare. It has been on this radio station for weeks now. It's open warfare. And I'm driving home yesterday and I'm about comatose from that one guy. Remember the guy with the happy sperm? And I was falling asleep on the table here. He put the whole south Florida audience into a terminal coma and I'm trying to stay awake and I'm listening in the first caller on Taffy show. He sounded like he needed oxygen. He sounded like his oxygen tank broke. You know, that went out for about four minutes and I thought, well, anything has got to be an improvement over that, right? And the second caller was this bag, this miserable bitch who comes on the air and wants to know what this show is all about. I got news for her. And then not only that, she's not satisfied with that. But she's got to attack all the people who listen and everybody who calls. And it was like deja vu. It was back during those days. And this is nothing brand new. I mean, this is not a response or reaction anything that I've been saying because it was like what we heard months ago when we found out that my audience isn't as evolved as Taffy's audience is all those suudes out there who want to scream and carry on and wine every day about the CIA and the trilateral commission and the FBI and the, whatever the hell else it is, they after day after day, just incredible these suudes. You know, first of all, for that bag and I'm sure she's listening. I'm talking about the caller that is for her. I want to say this. This program is for whoever wants to listen to it. And if you don't enjoy it, go do something else. Go take a good boiling hot animal honey and do something constructive. Clean your brains out. Clean them out with chlorox. That's it. Just mix, you know, two parts, chlorox and two parts iced tea and boil it. Boil it on the stove. Honey, you put it in that bag and just have a hell of a time. That'll clean your brains out like you haven't heard in years. All of a sudden, you'll be almost in the real world. What about this show is for people to want to do something a little bit different. Being were so great. I listen to them this morning. They're not funny at all. I mean, they're not even amusing. My ugly amusing. They're pathetic. And they're still doing gym baker and Jessica Han stuff. I mean, that's like that went out with high button shoes, didn't it? And not funny stuff, either. They're really bad. See, that's part of the problem in this market is really mediocre people like that. Get on FM especially. And everybody just tinkles all over them and thinks they're just hysterical. Oh, did you hear that in this morning? By the air of panic. And you turn them on. You listen for a couple of days and you wonder what they're all everybody's talking about. They're not funny at all. But anyway, getting back to watching the news last night, which is why I'm now popping volumes, not before the show. All that's a good idea. I wonder if values and quailudes mix. Call up Paula Hawkins. She's not doing much these days. See if she's still got a good supply. I guess they're nervous about success. Is that possible? Some people don't know how to handle success. They know how to handle failure because they've done it so many times. But when they're on the verge of a major success, they can't cope with that. They start getting really insecure. Like if we have over a four in this book in midday, they're going to be people in the building. You're going to be swooning in the atrium. They're going to be impaling themselves on the fig leaves out there. Or they're going to be wearing them one of the other. But Friday, are you ready for this? Not only do we have a guest, but we have the guests that we really... What is the story on the phone there? What is that all about? We didn't ask anybody to call yet did we? Did I ask anybody to call? Not get off-pokes when we're ready for you. We'll let you know. Don't call us. We'll call you. Okay? Man, all of a sudden they just don't go in nuts. That's true if you're a failure. All your life success is very hard to take. That's very true. And there are a lot of people in this business who have been failing for so many years that suddenly having to face potential success is something that they can't handle. Anyway, Friday, are you ready for this? 10am, James C. McKinney, chief of the Mass Media Bureau for the Federal Communications Commission in Washington, D.C. is going to be our guest by phone. And the timing couldn't be better because tomorrow is the hearing. Before the FCC on those three radio shows, one of them being Howard Stern, that they're investigating. So Friday morning, not only will we have the ruling, but we'll be able to go into the details of it. And we'll also be able to get some clarification of what the hell it is that we can do. What are the guidelines? And why are they investigating these people? Is it because of subject matter? Is it because of language? Is it because there are a bunch of old farts out there who are all bent out of shape? What is it? Well, we just don't give Kyle a microphone and let him go on because he's got another psychic. Not that national psychic that real faker that's in the inquire of all the time, Gene, what's your name? I can't even think of her name now. Whatever it had, probably the value of the hasn't worn off yet. Anyway, it's 1019 at W.I. and Z. There's another thing I want to talk about too, man. I'm going to tell you, I'm going on a hunger strike as of now. To my house last night, rang the bell that asked if I wanted to sit in for the good year, Blimp. Oh, my friends are going to listen to you anymore with a new form. I see the idea in this town is that if you all of a sudden you've got people's sound like they're under 100 on the phone, then immediately we've taken away the play toy of the elderly. We've taken away their show. Now that bag that bitch that called Taffy that second call for yesterday, who was not only ripping me, but everybody who listened to the, and you noticed Taffy went right along with it by the way. All of these un-evolved slabs out there, well at least it's something they relate to. It was taking shots at Howard Stern. He's lying yesterday tells me that Mike Miller was taking shots at Howard Stern. He naturally had to get his one and a half cents in about the West 57th Avenue piece or whatever that show is and talking about shock shocks and about the fact that there are a couple of people in this mark who market who are trying that he has to be one of them because he's shocking. Mike is absolutely shocking. The amount of misinformation to man can give him one minute without even knowing he's doing it. He's shocking. That's a shock shock. And for Mike to be taken shots at anybody, that's incredible. That's a one guy in this market. Anybody else on the air, let him do whatever they want. They're all entitled. Even if they're bad, but Mike is so bad that for him to be taken a shot at anybody else, would be like eight off Hitler calling somebody a bigot. With apologies to Adolf by the way. Keep repeating that same old tired garbage that's been on 50 million times. All you're going to get are those old schmendrix who are going to continue bugging you and driving everybody into a coma. Trust me or don't trust me. I don't give a damn. It's a fact. It's documented. It's there. Open your ears. Get the wax out of your ears. Boy, it's just unbelievable. I wish to hear how I had my family with him. By the way, I hope everybody's having a good time doing their taxes today. I'm doing mine. I started before the show and it took a clock. I'm going to finish it up and I'll race to the post office. And hey, listen, it's fun that way. It's like in a van, especially when you live in this time. And it's something to do. It's something to do. Be so I just go to base side and wander around with all the people and wonder who speaks English. You know, did you hear that yesterday? The guy who said that adventurer was or that base side was adventurer for Cubans? That was terrible. I mean, it could be true, but that was terrible to say that. And just another diversion to get people out of the grove. I think it's positive as I said before. I don't want to do another show on base side. I think it's positive only because it's better than what it was before, which was nothing. What's he's on who's going to give us the real load on the inside story. As Larry Glick would say the story behind the story. You notice that Paul Harvey stole that from Larry Glick. Larry's been saying that for years, the story behind the story. And now Paul Harvey, and there's another guy I'd like to do a couple of hours on. Man, what a rip off artist he is in. What a faker and a phony. Just another right wing eccentric nut with a voice. That's all. He's making millions. Conning those old people. There's nobody under 90 listens to Paul Harvey. And here's the other side of the story. And he's laughing up his sleeve because he's got all that money. With that affected phony sound of his man, he's still at from Larry Glick. But Larry's okay. He's making a lot of money anyway. He's figure's screw Paul Harvey. You know, let him do his thing. Yeah, those dramatic long pauses. Well, that's what fills up the time. Do you know that once upon a time, this is a true story. Paul Harvey came to Battle Creek Michigan of all places to do a show on the ABC affiliate, which I think was WKFR in Battle Creek. And he got to the end of the newscast or whatever the hell you call that thing that he does. It's not really a newscast. The end of the show. And he's sitting there looking at the clock. And I heard this from the engineer who later became my chief engineer at a station in Michigan. And he sat there and he looked at the clock and it was like he was like 42nd short. And he said, Paul Harvey. And he looked at the clock and he went with his finger in the air. And he moved the second hand figuratively. In other words, he just did it in his mind. And he's 45 second short. Good day. And they all sat there and they looked at him like, what the hell are you doing? And I was in. He got up and he walked away. I mean, you know, when you got that kind of money, just like God, you know, you can change the time. You can part the sea. You can do any damn thing you want when you got that much money. I'd like to see Paul Harvey and Tammy fade together, man. That would be a good one. They would make music together those two. Okay, 1034. W. Y. and Z. I'm going to give the phones out and see if there's anybody on a wave like that. I want you to understand before you call though this show today that you're stigmatized. You understand it? Everybody who calls this show. Everybody who listens to this program according to Taffy and her geriatric missfits. That's going to be a new rock group, by the way. Terri, Taffy and the geriatric missfits. They're going to be an MTV this afternoon. In drag. All of you folks are univolved and you're all just a bunch of slabs. And those, those evolved folks from the library who come on into a clock can't figure out what this show is all about. I mean, let's talk about the CIA okay? And let's talk about whether it's okay for blacks and whites to get married and to make wippy together. You know, like, like, it's really our business. Like, we've got some business telling other people what to do. But when you're part of the intellectual elite, you feel you can tell everybody what to do, right? And my comment to that is this. Now, you can't see it on the radio, but it's the same finger that the guy held up to me in his car the other day. In date County, let's give that number out. And let's see if we can't bring date County back to life today too. Man lately, they have been on a terminal, terminal, tear in date County. They really have. You know, you can't run around the base side forever. Sooner or later, you got to come out of there, you know? In date County 624-0191. 624-0191 and in Broward 764-0707. I really think I'm waking up again. And that color yesterday would want to clock. What did he call himself the sperm king? Boy, I think he had already, he probably once upon a time I'd have been the sperm king, but I think that it was all gone. I think he lost it somewhere along the line or along the road. Yesterday, she put me in a comment about four seconds. Did you hear those first two colors? Yeah, that's what that's what got me. Oh, the president of the defy. You know, the guy thought we were going to lose him right on the year. I really think I was like, 100 or 30 years old. I'm getting a nap every once in a while, put her on for now on boy. She's good at it. She'll put me to sleep right away. And then I happen to switch it down a bit, you know, down to Mr. Broward. And he had this 80 year old bag, thinking all over and for he hadn't had an entry with a way to Mr. Broward. Yeah. Where were you? What do you mean? Where was I? Mr. Broward's in Palm Beach. I thought you were in, uh, callgables. Coral Gables. Yeah. You heard West Palm Beach? Yeah. No. Come on. You're pulling my leg. W. J. and O. Good. Come to the Gables. It doesn't even come to date County. Do I? I got it. I got it. Are you sure? I can't say trust me. Okay. And he's another one. I can't take his, uh, uh, militant. Whatever he's all about anyway. That's all I want to say. Not by the way. I want to thank you for the tape. You got it in real quick. That was nice and quick. Excellent. Now I'm making money. I'm making a double thing. Everybody wants to buy one. I don't think I won't have any body or you know what I mean? I'll make the money myself. Well, well, you know that's illegal, but don't worry about it. You know, but we don't know who you are. Anyhow, thanks a lot. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Bye bye. Okay. Another communist. I could just tell by the way he was talking. It's another communist. The can't you tell? Let's get John Broward back here on W. Y. And see, that's what we really need. Let's take a poll today and see how many people want John Broward back. So we can keep the communist out of Opalaka. Yes, sir. Yeah, I heard the provocative tapping the column. Sure, yes, yes, yes, yes. Go ahead, sir. And there's some call to assist the cat emissioners at the tapies. There's such moves. They didn't have the colors to call you. There's such hypocrites. I'm telling you, the only upfront talk show on the radio right now. I think is yours. All these hyped up quote celebrity hosts. What was she about 75? One of those real nice refined ladies? Out, Kathy, you're just so wonderful. And I learned so much, but that show before you. What is that all about? Oh, they're all so disgusting. All those young wise guys, that be. Was it her? Okay. We got a call to invoke it. We're paying for this one. Hello. Okay. And the mom leaves for us. Another young degenerate. Shame on you. One of those are greeting so a slog. Boy, it's awful. Taffies. We have a tough life as well. Taffies going to trace this call and come and beat the crap out of you, sir. What? I said, Taffy is really enjoying this call. It's a nine minutes before 11 at a women don't make it on radio. No. And on TV, the only commentator I like over is she's known often as Connie Chang. NBC, I think she's perfect. Connie Chang. Can he? Can he Chang? Is it Chang or Chang or whatever? Connie, she's on now. Tony Knight. Chang, can the disjockey? Well, I'm sorry if that's a bad terminology, but we call most radio talk show host. Disjockey is if they don't play music as well. Is very farber at this jockey? No. Well, I don't know too much that Ray Farber. It is. That's a very fine. Our talk show host is Bob Grant at this jockey. Well, it's just an expression that we use. Well, quick, quick, you're using it. We don't like it. We don't like being the mean and lumped in with all those lung heads who just give the time and temperature. We're getting rid of all of those, but you sounded a lot like how it's stirring. You're some leaves with him, aren't you? Who? How it's stirring? We have a guy up in New York. He's done the same type of show. You mean that dickhead in New York on K Rock? Yeah. Okay. Are you some of you with him? I'm trying to figure out who came first. You were him. One of you was copying each other. No, we're not neither one of us is copying anybody. It's just a great format. We're just going to get him a TV show. What do you think about it? I think that's great. I'll be the first one to watch it. I think Howard Stern is the funniest man in the world. He's super. He's got a great mind and I think Robin does a terrific job with him. Well, let's call him that's because he has big breasts. Let me say it again. That's because he has big breasts. I'm not listening to a word that I said. I'm just going on and on and on. What's that, sir? You're your songs on the religious stuff was terrific. I like to hear some more innovative stuff like that. Like what? Like what? Those religious songs. What religious songs like Colnidry? No, the one you wrote and did. I didn't write any of those. I didn't write. I didn't write that stuff. I thought you wrote those. No, I didn't write them, sir. Just did them. No, I didn't do all me there. I don't sing. Man, I'll tell you something. I think you I think your head has been cut between Robin's breasts or something. I wish I've never been that lucky. Man, I'll tell you your brains have been scrambled by a better breasts. Why here I am coming down all the way from New York. By the way, you came back from Los Angeles. And there are a couple of white people there. Yeah, well, my brother lives there. I know he's white last time I saw him. It is very Hispanic and downtown Los Angeles, but for the most part, I don't know what he has. But that's like saying go take a little bit of a wait a minute. That's like saying go to downtown Detroit and see if you find any white people. I mean Detroit is more than just downtown just like Los and nobody even goes downtown in Los Angeles. There's nothing there. No, when you go get some natural exposure. In two weeks. When? In two weeks. On what? What can we see on people magazine? Let me say it again. People magazine. People magazine. Good. It sounds real good. We love to hear you up in New York. And I'm going to get you on to perhaps some of the late night talk shows and let you make us laugh a little bit. Okay, so kind of humor up there. Okay, well listen, have a wonderful life. It's been a real exercise talking to you, but I know you didn't mean it. It's 1132 at W.I.N.Z. Why am I talking so loud now? Why do I feel like I'm on the edge of my life? Better not say, should I? You know, some people with real scratchy voices. I don't want to mention any names. But you know, we can call it scratch-off radio or something. I mean, something really annoying. Like, and then the logo could be a picture of fingernails on a blackboard. Can you just imagine how maybe we can have some people who want to make some nominations for the new station and I'm going to build with all the most annoying voices in a history of broadcasting. David Gold would certainly be one of them. It's a little bit closer, my friend. My friend. Who's this? I'm like he's licking the mic or something. And we don't mean Thompson. Now there's another guy got a great voice, right? You know, one thing about Mike, man, he, I'm telling he talks through the same screen that they shoot down a mills through a nuts landing. He talks through some mint. And they got him propped up there on a 15 telephone book, so he just, you can't understand a word saying, which is good, which is great because he's such a right-wing, heatful lunatic that if you don't understand it, we've already gone through that in this time. And we've had the Shirley Spellaburg and her disciple, John Broward, and you have Thompson, and we had David Gold, a very young and all these heatful, right-wing types. And I'm not saying that people who are conservative shouldn't have a place on the air, but these aren't as conservative as I mean, these are bootstompers. And you notice what a big mark they've all made in the market, right? You put them all together and you don't have a one-share. Although John of course is continuing to bask in the glory of that one that ridiculous book we always did this summer book, where everybody's share was like double or something. If you will. Okay, it's 12.18 in WI and so you guys think we're going to take a little early break of the new, take a little club soda here and slug down the rest of the lasagna. I mean, just a little don't get ner- No, oh yeah you are. I can prove it, but yeah you know what you have something? You're the same guy that's called for a long time on this show to tell me how unhappy I am. This is what you're talking. This is on the first time I've heard from you. Yes, I do know what I'm talking about. Let's see one of the things I'm going to make very clear to you. Is I listen to other shows and I know the people most of the people in this market and this business pretty well. And I listen to people calling and I listen to their comments. You can get three hours later, never found. A serious problem now. Are you are you filling the void for him while he's in rehab? I don't even know who you're talking. Oh, I know. I know. I don't even know. I don't even know. Just like he didn't know for anything either. Right. At any rate, the main thing is, you know, is that every little thing that bothers you and gets you upset. It just shows that your miserable guy. But you know something? What? You listen every day. Absolutely. Oh, absolutely. What's that? I think. I watch wrestling too, but it's the same thing. It's entertainment. Yeah, plus. Exactly. It's entertainment. It is entertainment. It sure is no. It's a good purpose. It's entertainment. But in terms of like wrestling, is that the time it too, it's all fake and fraud. And that's what it is. Right. And people magazine, you're proud of making people magazine, you and Madonna and all the other low lives. Exactly. We're all low lives except you and Taffy. No, not except me and Taffy. About 90% of you, Matt. You're one of the Taffy. Oh, he's elevated. We're some of the low lives Madonna now too. What is she done? She's what is she done? She's a swab. And so are you? She's a swab. Oh, wait. I mean the swab in terms of the way you are. You're a mess. Oh, yeah. I know. You know it's true. Oh, I know. Tell us more. Tell us more. As a listen. This is a civil conversation. Come on, Mitch. Tell us more. Do you know so much about me? Just like I know so much about you. It's like you have to fill your time. You work four hours a day. And if you're not eating or stuffing something in your mouth or something like that, you have nothing to do. That's why. Oh, yeah. This is the guy. This is the guy. I get to get rid of him, William. That's the same. This guy's called a show. I don't know how many times. How many times were that same routine? And he knows that I have nothing to do. And I'm so unhappy. And I'm so miserable. But he wouldn't miss a minute of it. And that you see what he's doing there. It's all a rationalization over the fact that he can't stop listening. Unbelievable. I mean, he's really a piece of work. 1235 at WI and Z. Let's go to Miami next to him. Hello there. Yes, sir. That last guy probably listens to you so he can have an orgasm. Well, it's obvious. He's got a lot to do because I'm on for four hours every day and he wouldn't miss a minute of it. Oh, I tell you that guy. I don't know. I'm a strange person. But our rumor for you, rumor has it over to a wonderful lot of dreamers that the Peyton was canned or else she's going to have to take one of those lonely, lonely, graveyard shifts. Fans of yours. I call Anthony over there. Hi, Mike. He asked. Anthony. He's one of your closet listeners. Oh, and come on, you couldn't possibly work over there and be making terrible comments about the assassin on the air. I'm assuming that they're not going to recognize my voice. But, uh, that's taking a day out of there. Listen, you got a great fan club over there to wonderful. I know. I know Mike Miller has. I know. It's in great shampels over there. OK. Well, I'll be on the phone with Bill today. Find out what's going on. Oh, yeah. I think Bill's supposed to make an announcement today before he goes off the air. I asked to Peyton status, but I'm not. I don't know whether he'll are. Are you cereal? Yeah. I'm not sure he's going to. He's going to give out the, uh, coupon directly or if he's just going to say something big, like maybe she's in the tire. But, uh, well, what's he going to do today? No, I know Bill's home today. He's taking her time slot. And, uh, Ranieri said this morning that she was in the tire, which is probably not two. She's probably at home trying to decide what to do. Because, although they have this technique that you are. Oh, I know. Brother, give you the, uh, four o'clock in the morning shift. Yeah, they today ask you, do you really appreciate your job, go home and think about it. And then you go home and think about it. Unbelievable. It's a, a strange little place, but you know, cops has been going around in circles now for the past year or so. Yeah, they really got their act together, man. It's incredible. I call that scoreboard radio. You have to have a scorecard with a pencil and eraser to follow the lineup. Uh, yeah. It's, uh, I don't know how they even keep in one about that. I'd be running for the heel to find out if position was worth money. Okay, listen, uh, good luck to you. And thanks for the tip. Okay, okay. How you got a great show? Uh, not only do the people I would be listening to you, but, uh, most of the people I know in the community who are in their 30s, a lot of professional people. They love your program and, uh, just keep it up. Thanks a lot. Okay. Boy, what an inflammatory rumor there, how about Sandy possibly, uh, biting the dust? Now, what would that mean? What would happen? This is only the 15th of April. They got to the first of July before King comes over and brings Michael Dacisto to the Isle of Dreams. What in the hell are they going to do over there? Man, it's just a turmoil turmoil. The market is just collapsing all around this. Like the fall of Pompeii. We have two open linings. I don't know. Everybody's gone. If you'd like to speak to Solblock, who is Kenbrocks father, you can reach him at 932-4192-932-4192. And that we have a celebrity caller, ladies and gentlemen standing by, under Duresh. Oh, come on. Are you wearing a Duresh? He did that, but that's the kind of interesting isn't it? I haven't thought about it before. Yeah. Well, like I said, we're going to be giving that number out many times today. Listen, good luck to you and let us hear from you. I sure will be. Okay, Glenn. Okay, but there goes Glenn Hill who is a, um, called hero in parts of South Florida Malice, a result of his show. He's 1114 at WINZ and look at that ballman. They're just all that up like a Christmas tree, but I'm sure that none of these people want to talk to me. See, during the week, they don't want to talk to me. They want to talk to Kyle. And now they want to talk to Kathy. In fact, I noticed that the little doctor is just beeping. You know, that mean that they don't want to talk to him. Or you just don't want to talk to them, is that it? I can't believe it. Anyway, early Socen has God on his show this afternoon. Okay, it's 8 before 11. We have a caller online too in Miami. It's his desperate to talk to Kathy before 11. And of course, some of our callers of course, so can't hold it much longer than that. Hello. Hello. Yes. Warning. By the way, if anybody wants to call Ken this weekend, uh, Ken's home number. Ha, ha, ha, you're going to do that, aren't you? Oh, sure. 93, 2, 85, 4, 2. How come you happen to have that? From Broward called Collect. Hollywood, hello. Hi, how you doing? Yes. We woman called and said that she was repulsed by what? Good. Because if I can't see, was it by the douche bag? Was it by freeway and spigot? What was she repulsed by? That's that. See, that's a kind of caller that Mark Kung gets all during the daytime and is programming office. All these old bags. Oh, what? What did you say to him? A little bit. Exactly. Like that blue one, sitting right by you there. She didn't say by what? Just repulsed. I think it was by the sound of your voice. No, I think it was because of freeway and the bar of sew. Freeway and spigot? Yeah, I don't know. Okay, if there's anybody out there who wants Kathy to stay at least till one. Oh, no. And my husband. Watch your husband call because her husband is a monkey around. Look at that. You haven't gotten that many calls in six weeks. Still one line and Broward there. Look at that. I don't think that's it. That's the determining I'm leaving now. Sorry. Anyway. I wasn't. I did not come here. I'm getting paid yesterday. That's the only reason I didn't come on Friday. Well, when you're like spend a little bit, you only show up on Friday to get your paycheck every other way. Yeah, every other way. Check. That's it. I can't. I'm so glad someone saved that for you, Neil, because that's my favorite bit you play. I know. I know. The Michael Jackson one is incredible. You think the lady who was repulsed will get upset. We got to pull out all the good stuff today. After Kathy leaves because if anybody calls anything out good, man, she's ready to work. No, I'm serious. You don't really understand. You don't understand. You have become a sex pot to people all of his own. You are the only man that can make a six month pregnant woman sound. I had a guy called yesterday and he said he wouldn't let that stand in his way. He said where there's a will. There's a way. Well, there's lots of wills. I'll watch out. Yeah. I think the name was Will B. No, I'm sure it wasn't him. I'm not 13. But I, I, I, I heard the man calling and say, there was flattering. He said I've reminded him of his daughter and that it was, I thought that was very nice of her love. She didn't know what that guy does with his daughter. That's true. That's true. That's true. I'm telling you. Anyway, Neil, seriously though, you're the only one that can, you have power. You have that, you're that powerful that you can make me of a, a, a, a, a dowdy pregnant, happy, happily married mother of, of, of one and a half. I mean, can you imagine the program director saying to me with a serious look on his face that, uh, the sex thing with you, you know, is it's getting old? It is though. And that we have to create some kind of a new image. Yeah, what do we try? Maybe you could be tapping the column. Why don't we start with tapping Joe on Monday. Okay. Let's, I haven't even looked at the promo card. How do you call my Marines view the current crisis in the core? Okay. He's going to be talking to Marines. I talked to their changing or slogan. You know, the view, the proud to sell it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I heard Alice talking about that earlier in the week. He said, well, what, what choice do they have? I mean, they're over there all along. Well, I guess they could masturbate, but now that's, you know, that's not too exciting. I mean, what is general about? It's patriotic. No, what's funny is that I thought I think he wanted to go over and help him out. When you think of the Soviet, what do you want to go? Yeah, that's right. He wants to lend them a helping hand is what I've heard. That's not the shock. The shock is that the Soviet women you think of them as these big fat ugly bull dikes. That, that, that wasn't going to say that, but that's a good word. Thank you. Uh, do you think they're? Well, I'm not sure if they're a little bit less than the people of the weekly news want to mess with me, man. Go ahead. You think of them as that way, you know, the ones that walk around those daddy looking outfits and, uh, and sure enough, there's some actual ones over there that have sex and probably have it pretty well. I don't think so. Congratulations to them. I think the German women are much butcher, the East German women. Yeah. The Soviet women. Oh, yeah. The weightlifters. Yeah. I'm going to do it. Some of these babes were looking might, might a good, those Russian women. Really? I mean, the one. I want to tell us about it. Yeah. You really do have. I think you can qualify for lesbian dilapidate. She's auditioning for Stern folks. This show will never be big enough for you. Well, you can be sure that. This show isn't big enough for you. We've heard about Howard. So that's not going to make it either. The matter never called back this. The madam called and you didn't hear about this? She asked for Glen Hill. She called a 10 o'clock Thursday morning the day after that we were begging for. The day after. And, uh, she wanted to speak to Glenn. She is. That's a star now man. She's just never messed with Neil Rogers for I'm telling you. Well, the story Herkover in O' Time should be down to half a million by the end of the week. We can just let this hang here. Yeah, look at bag hang. They're in kind of collect the gripping from a show. No, poor dude. Exactly. Hey, listen, I'll put it right in there. It doesn't bother me at all. Nia. I'm a serious. I mean, if you want to be shocked, we're here to please Kathy. No. Okay, let's do a little break. 22 to be 411. And then when we come back, we're going to let some of the people in the audience talk to Kathy West for the first time. See, you're you're a chicken. You don't take any calls. I don't sure. Call him up. 64. Oh, a horny young man in the audience. And if there are any horny hot ladies out there who are, you know, so disposed. Believe me, the rumor is that Kathy's didn't ready to try anything. No, no, no, no. You said that. You said you in the madam. I said, I'll take same call. This is not dialed dating. We don't even have to give the number out. Look at that. They'd count as 624. 0191. No heavy breathers now. Come on. 624. 0191. Broward 764. 0707. Your chance to talk to the madam on W. I. And say, hey, listen, she left on. You can use a name now. It's, it's a open. It fits in with your image. No way. 21 before 11 here at W. I. N. Z. A. M. And we'll come back after this. Stock. Oh, great. What is it? The shady in the trap. Oh, wait a minute. I said with loving justice. Of course. Oh, she's very sensitive. That was you. I'm so she's pretending, but she is squeezing the bag while you're speaking. Sir, Neil, that's the tramp here. Did you play that part, right, Neil? Right. Listen, I've heard two rumors about Kathy and I. No, okay. No rumors, boy. I understand that you're going to do. You're going to have a child by natural child birth and have a life or most of that for your fans. Yeah, that's now that. That was a good idea. We thought about that. That would be very interesting. We thought about that. We should also have a right in decide what the name should be. Which is an element after Neil. I was going to name my kid Neil until I met Neil. Yeah. How about Spigot? And also, I heard that the people from Craig O'Sby had his thoughts want you to be other spokes for the last three months. I'm waiting for the punch line on that. Oh, okay. Go, okay. Forget it. Can't believe. I was bad. Now, I'm not staying here for any more of this. Neil, they're just going to call and slam me for one and to the other. I'm all yammy, hello. Hi. Oh, it's a woman. I hope you're nice to me. Hey, you don't remember me. Kathy, I called you one morning. I'm going to be with you and I wrote that over not show it four clock in the morning. And my dog was barking. Yeah, I remember that. I remember I wanted to shoot it, but I didn't. No, no. I said I love dogs. I just think you're terrific. I always have. And I think Neil and you are just. I enjoy you so much. It might have been does. Oh, your husband does. Well, I'm a little worried about that, but yeah, then you understand this is all very if you'll excuse the pun on the cheek. Okay. Yeah, I understand all that. No, but I just know really, and truly. I agree with all the people that have called up during the week. And I listen to Neil and. Oh, they mean, they were more than just one good. Oh, yeah. Oh, well. They're forming about you, Kathy. I don't want them foaming. I want them. I'm not foaming. I don't want them. I don't want them. That is moist over Kathy West. I don't want as a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a waste waterland of vast, uh, Everglades anyways. What were you saying then? I was in the, in the Everglades today. Oh, it's just. I was just talking about it. It's just passing the information on. So he has to want to go out frogging. And we get the frogs over to a bill holder. You don't really go frogging do you? I don't. My husband. Oh, this is. bad deal. Yeah, colder eats frogs is a matter of fact. Oops, frogs legs. Well, did you hear the news this morning? We were talking about the frogs that have mutations that have eight legs over there in California. I think your husband will be very interesting. It's interesting to hear that story. Trog to have Frank read that up to Toss the hour. Well, listen, man, it's been great hearing from you, but you know what they say. What do they say? Likes.