I wouldn't need it was Donald here today and I would have just gone nuts. Now, don't say he is. He gets, don't you understand he gets sexual is illiterate. You know, he knows that very well. But he gets sexual excitement whenever you say his name. Well, good. Well, I don't think he's using that. Well, it's exciting. No, I don't think he's using that. I mean, I'm not getting any amount as well. Give some of the money on. Okay, we've got guys and underwear. We're going to be talking about today and all kinds of exciting things. By the way, before I get to my good friends at American cable and the cable in plantation by the way is still out, released as a, as of 845 this morning, it was still out. No. And I went out yesterday, see every time a pigeon drops something in plantation, American cable can't cope with it. Now, one day last week, the sun was shining. There wasn't a cloud in the sky and the cable went out for hours. Okay. Yeah. Yesterday, there were some thunderstorms in the area. And I guess you said in Kindle, it rained hard for two hours. I'll know 20 minutes by me at the most 20 minutes. And the cable went out yesterday. Sometimes between go out and go to an four o'clock, I guess. And it's been out ever since. No, my never went out. And these pansies up there in plantation will a complain about a course they can never get through anyway. Do you never get through? Get a recording. And a recording says, we're having an outage in the plantation area. We're working on it now. And it'll be repaired sometime in your lifetime. I'm serious. And then, you know, the interesting part of it is they never deducted from your bill. I mean, it's like going to be a whole day. Now, so a 30th of the bill, like a buck or so ought to be, whatever it is, 80 cents deducted from everybody's bill. Never do that. No. If American cable took all the downtime and deducted it from your bill every month, they'd be sending you a check. They would owe you money. That's how bad it is. I mean, I'm, you know, I've tried to be nice and I've tried not to say too much because it sounds like sour grapes. But when you're paying like 48 bucks a month or whatever, I pay you know, a three premium channel. Yeah, for I'm sorry. I don't know. You know, you'd expect at least a set would be on. And they're doing you such a wonderful service because in all these buildings now, they don't put any antenna system in their own in because they've got that cable or all wired for cable. So you got no choice when the cable goes out. What do you do? You put our old tapes of racing from the anchors. I'm tired of seeing Spencer Ross already. Okay. Was watching Spencer Ross to 130 in a morning this morning. I'm sick and tired of seeing him. That's anything you can do. Old tape will be easier. You know, home shopping. Not what even nothing. Zero. No, no. No wonder you're upset. Looks like you're in Fairbanks, Alaska. Lots of snow. 24 hours with no home shopping. Yeah. No wonder. Well, now I understand that those lesbian women on the audience must be having an irresistible breakdown. By the way, did Mike Spindell do it again yesterday. Did he dazzle the audience one more time just when we think he's run out of steam. And he's going to hand in his letter. He just does it again yesterday in the 11 o'clock hour. You'll never guess what Mike did yesterday. You'll never guess. I give you 400 guests and he still won't kiss sexual fantasy with Ira Everett and Dan Slade. And they couldn't buy calls for a million dollars a call. No, they did have three or four. What if was Ed Berliner in mobile phone? Okay. I was going to call in. She just said, edge should be driving his mobile phone on the freeways in L.A. No, he's okay. But nobody knows who Ed Berliner is. Of course. Sports guy on childhood. But he knew it Donald. A bit. Probably the only person who does. Yeah. I mean, quick calling us. What do you play is we don't like you. Don't you understand? Anyway, and then of course, Mike redeemed himself. I want to tell us about that catch show. He wants you to book next month. September is national cat month. And wouldn't you know that our little W.I.N.Z. token silly person has already arranged to book a catch show in September. Maybe Dr. Jan Bellos would be good. We'll invite noodles. Yeah, we could have noodles here. And Donald. No, not, not. Yeah, right here in the studio. That's noodles. Yeah, we could have right in the studio. Anyway, he redeemed himself and no. Now I was talking last week about fasting. Yeah, you fasted for a while. So what do you think he did? He had Dr. Hey, it was an ice guy. But very extreme. I mean, they didn't talk about fast. Yes, they did. Why fasting is dangerous? Did you learn anything? The reason was dangerous is because I suggested it. But they didn't say that. But you should have heard the calls. I heard just a few minutes of it. And I was just in heaven. How loud that. I'm having had a B.M. And I was like, yeah, they don't float or think. It was great. It just what we want here at W.I.N.Z. Those 99 year old living dead. I had to go on about the float and sink lady. We should have her by. Yeah, just for 15 minutes. Bring her in today. I'm ready. I'm leaving any minute. I'm telling you. I'm not well. I shouldn't be here today. Do they float? You're a doctor. I was really pretending. The audience was delighted. Okay, let's see all those people in the audience who are upset that the bird is back today. Let's see a quick show on the phone. They're going to knock the phones as to what we might. We might blow the whole phone. And they will be in real trend. They're not like, not, no. Well, I was one that was little already. Maybe four. Oh, there they go. I took about eight seconds. I knew they would. Yeah. You knew they'd be there. I thought you'd like to talk about these people. You hate the bird, okay? I'll. Hello. Nobody's there. Oh, Donald. So, let's go.