That says the anti-biilingual ordinance is prejudice on the books and a front to latins and a burning issue in that community. Every time I go out I cannot escape from this issue. Let's get it over. He believes they can't he is ready for another debate. I think that we are much more enough. The people and I'm talking about the people that I really care about the economy. To express our point of view in a decent way. All there's will this week face heavy political pressure to drop the issue but he has made a mission. And if I fail, I would try again to year for now. And if to year for now fails, I would try to year after. I don't think that I will die before. But I see that the economy does not have in their books. And ordinance that hurt the feeling of a segment of this community. He knows he might face a recall campaign. If that happened and I lose, that will not go into stuck me. And despite the firestorm of hate calls and death threats last week, Valdez says the issue is too important. I will not go into back of from this because I, this is something that hurt the community. And I will not go into back of. Jim Lone, W.I.N. Z. News, Miami. My name was E.H. Maynets. I mean this man is so stupid and so desperate and so all alone out there on the edge of that limb. That it's embarrassing. It's disgraceful. And I wasn't even going to talk about this today. I said that on Saturday, and of course spent Saturday apologizing to everybody for four hours. And I just want you to know I take it all back today. Okay. But now seriously, we weren't even going to talk about that. We've been going back to what we've been doing here for a long time. And Mr. Lidehead, you know if you listen to the show, which is say in the column what we've been doing for seven months on this show, we rarely get into heavy issues. And we certainly don't spew hate on this program. But boy, when its convenient Mr. Lidehead becomes a great liar for night-ritter in the Miami-Herald. And I quote, Neil Rogers, mouthpiece for our hatred. Rogers isn't a blame. He merely profits from hate by bringing it to the surface. It's the sick mentality of this town that's to blame. And not even entirely of this town. Many of Neil Rogers listeners like himself don't even live in date County. They live in Broward and head to call their threats to the Metro Commission last week long distance. The appeal of virulent radio tacos like Rogers is to the frustration of listeners not to their intellect. Who tunes in expecting a mild, balanced discussion? Rogers would starve without wrath, and thus his soaring ratings are not a mark of community distinction. Even by writing this column I add grist to the mill. Rogers will have the stuff of a fresh tirade this week urging listeners to call the Herald, keep abuse and cancel their subscriptions. The anonymous manipulated legions will do as they're told, mindlessly hypnotized by... the voice. I can almost hear him. So now you're mindlessly hypnotized. Do you believe that? Do you think you're mindlessly hypnotized for speaking out against the big powerful Herald unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable the trashed this whitehead rights? Sure I listen sometimes, he might make you mad as hell but Neil Rogers has never dull. He doesn't do it alone though. The radio man tells people what they want to hear. Otherwise who would listen. He appeals to dark, underlying rages with the skill of a surgeon exercising a cancer. In the process he serves as a startling messenger. Last week it was the bilingual issue when the efforts of Metro Commissioner George Valdez to rid the county of that ugly English only ordinance that Hispanic-dade county ends fine so offensive. The result Rogers' radio herrings, at one point he hung up on Valdez on the air and called him an idiot, was a torrent of telephone abuse to the commission. The uglyness ranged widely with commissioner Sherman Wien even hearing himself called a juve bastard. Thus soft-floored as inner sickness came vomiting out, go to the voice on the radio and a torrent that the well-meaning Valdez never anticipated. But if ever there was a message to the commission to leave the damn ordinance alone lying on the shelf like a dirty but toothless dog, I'd say this was it. Rage on such a scale only be gets more and it serves no purpose in a city divided against itself. But I repeat it's not the creation of Neil Rogers or any other clever manipulator who fills the air waves with whatever prompts folks to tune in get mad, sound off. The thing that a radio hate merchant thrives on is already there, eating its outfloor to like an ulcer and it's really nothing new being is endemic to these subtropics as mosquitoes and mildew. It's the nature of a troubled town. This place you see is a city of rootless runaways people who've left Jersey City or Evansville or Havana or yes West Virginia in search of an idol a place in the sun. Many merely bring their troubles with them because we can't run away from ourselves. So in the strange subtropic light of South Florida where the sun cooks your brains and the traffic is terrible and people speak Spanish and Creole and the papers full of mayhem. One is just as miserable as before or even more so for being older and lonely. They came as strangers and remain as strangers in a metropolis of strangers. Better. Angry, frustrated strangers with no roots. After 20 years home there's still someplace else. And one day on the air of voice comes ramping and raging at what a rotten town this is and what's stinking politicians we have and lousy traffic and Haitians and Cubans. It's a nagging assertive kind of voice and I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore kind of voice. And a light comes on and the listener says he's saying what I feel and the ratings of Neo Rogers take another uptake. Scary, isn't it? And the quotes from a lying, no good, miserable moron at the Miami hero. We're even more an asshole or did you work it your whole life? I know somebody who's never heard this program would read this column they would think that every day on this show we sit and we spread hate and all we do is encourage people to hate each other. Interesting that what I've been saying last Wednesday through Saturday in disgusting mist discussing the disgusting Mr. Valdez and this whole business. And just the opposite that we don't want to open up all the old sores we don't want to have encourage people to hate each other and that that's all that this could possibly accomplish. And as far as people's feelings being heard only Mr. Valdez evidently has his feelings heard because he's so stupid he doesn't understand that the anti-bullying will ordinance just has the effect of bringing us back to where we were before 1973. A county in the United States of America where people speaking wish or English is the language that business is done in because we're part of the US survey that's all that's all it really has the effect of doing. Because a lot of people's feelings were hurt Mr. Valdez when Mayor Orr and the other Metro Commissioners arbitrarily 14 years ago decided to declare this the only officially bilingual county in America that heard a lot of people's feelings because it said to them that maybe they were living in a foreign country not in the US of A. But I go back to the beginning of this pathetic column. And it really is pathetic because it has nothing to do with what this show is all about and not only is it a tack above me but it's an attack upon all the people in the audience and you notice there are two references here to the ratings and that's what bugs the hero see every time these ratings come out and this show keeps doing better and better with astronomical ratings that pisses off the people at the hero because they can't stand it because it means that more and more people are going to be hearing the expose them for what they are for the pandering that they do for the twisting and manipulating of the news that they do and calling those numbers in date 350 2000 and in Broward 462300 and saying audios to the hero. Ostelewago and that circulation figure that's been dwindling already is going to keep dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping and the hero is going to have no place left to go because they're not fooling people in a human community. Even the most emotional of the people in a human community don't want to be panned to in such an obvious such a phony transparent way. The Spanish language radio stations panned into some of those people's emotion that's a different story because they know how to pull the trigger the right emotional triggers to get those people started but the hero does it in a very phony and a very transparent way and it's an insult it hurts the feelings to quote Mr. Valdez of people in the community and it's certainly hurts the feelings of those who are non-letton to realize that the major local news paper in South Florida is not interested in people who don't speak espanyol but is only interested more and more and more in pandering and twisting and manipulating because they got to get their circulation back up in date county. Period. And that's not according to my paranoia or something that I've created my mind it's according to articles in a Wall Street journal a Los Angeles Times the New York Times about the game plan of the Miami-Herald. And go and write back to the beginning of Mr. Lighthead's column. You know keep saying all through the article that it's not my fault. I'm not at fault for anything. It's you know I just bring it out. Bring out the worst in the people. It's all there. Many of my listeners like me don't even live in Dave County to live in Broward. Well Mr. Lighthead I hate to break the news to you. I don't know when the last time was that you were out of Dave County in a way from your ivory tower in one heroine plaza. But there's no wall at the Dave Broward line. And what happens in Broward and if you do listen to the show you heard me saying this all week long last week, what happens in Dave? Influences all of South Florida because the rest of the country and the rest of the world looks at what happens in Dave and what happens in Miami as a South Florida phenomenon. So all of us suffer those people who depend upon tourism those people who are in business those people who just would like to live in a community that has a more decent image. We all suffer. This is not a Dave County issue. It's a South Florida issue. Mr. Lighthead is if you don't already know that. And I talked about that specifically. I said even if you live in Broward Palm Beach Monroe you're certainly entitled to call because what these people plan on doing by opening up this referendum and opening up all the source again is going to have impact it's going to have fallout on all of us. If they drop nuclear weapons on homestead God forbid tomorrow Mr. Lighthead those of us who live in Broward would be in jeopardy as well. Fallout. The appeal of virulent radio talk host Rogers would starve without wrath. Isn't that interesting that during the last seven months? When this show has become primarily comedy and entertainment very little discussion of substantive issues because the people don't really want to talk about them anymore. I've had the greatest success that I've had in the 11 and a half years have been in this market during these last seven months. But my mind and my life and my show would starve without wrath according to Mr. Lighthead. And my soaring ratings are not a mark of community distinction. In other words Mr. Whitehead has set himself up as a sensor as the Harold very often does and what he's saying is that you people listen to this program have lousy taste. That it's a bad reflection upon you that you listen to new Rogers. Like a little child you see this is how the Harold responds like little children. Oh we're not going to put his listings in the Aradio page anymore. We even when he has a guest don't put it in there. Of course the day that Linda Thornton said in for me when I was on vacation that made it in the listings in the Miami Harold. Isn't that interesting? Isn't that peculiar? That that made it into the Harold radio listings when Linda Thornton was on. Well when I came back and when Fred shots was a guest on this program we don't have a lot of guests but on those days when we do even them the listings will not appear in the Harold because the Harold continues to be like juvenile delinquents like a bunch of little brats. And if somebody dares to attack them if somebody dares to expose them for what they are and what they're doing and how desperate they are then they will strike back. In a most juvenile way and that's what Mr. Lighthead has done in this column. Sure I listen sometimes he might make you mad as hell but Neil Rogers has never done. On the one hand he's condemning the other people in the market for listing. What a shame it is that my ratings keep going up and on the other hand he's defending the reason that he listens on occasion and probably more than just on occasion and you can bet your life that he's listening right now. He probably has the radio turned up so loud he's getting sexual excitement from my from the voice as he calls it on this show. The appeals to dark underlying rages with the skill of a surge in exercising a cancer. And he talks about Mr. Valdez. A whole boy this line really gets me. South Florida's inner sickness came vomiting out go to buy the voice on a radio in a torrent that the well-meaning Valdez never anticipated. If you think Mr. Valdez is well-meaning and that's the reason that I played that peace would Jim Loney a minute ago after the last break. You heard him in his own voice in his own broken English say no matter what happens he's going to keep bringing this back over at a this is the same man who said three years ago on my show he would never bring it up and now he says he's going to keep bringing it back over and over and over again until the day that he dies he's going to keep beating us over the head with this. Oh we just have this flash. The capen I didn't hear the interview but I heard that it was one of those you know what a bunkey's marshmallow interview yesterday he interviewed the capen of the harrowed and we now find through a very reliable source that Mr. Capen would not appear with bunkey virus today unless I wasn't mentioned. Isn't that interesting? So now Mr. Capen sets the rules for what's going to be discussed when he appears on any program. I mean anybody who's afraid to appear with bunkey buyer I mean gotta be desperate to begin with. Bunkey toasts the best marsher marsh Milo since the weeny rose last summer okay all of his questions are marsh Milo's for politicians newspaper publishers you name it and they always have been. But Mr. Capen wanted to make very sure that I would not be a topic of conversation I guess I would have been a little embarrassing. Especially if bunkey would have asked how many subscriptions have been canceled what the number was and how far the circulation has gone down at the illustrious harrowed. You see Mr. Capen you got to look yourself in the mirror you like to blame me and you like to blame everybody else but look in the mirror. Now what I first came to this town 11 years ago plus the Miami harrowed at that time was still a pretty decent newspaper there were still childish and the first time I attacked and they wouldn't put my listings in the paper there were still like little children but it was still nonetheless a pretty good newspaper and a pretty moderate newspaper they hadn't gone into full gear on their pandering process not at all that didn't happen until Maryel when they decided to take sides and when they became some of the great promoters of the Maryel boat lip and some of the great promoters of the metro rail as they had in the late 70s and then of course promoters of bob martines. Everything that's been poisoned to this community everything that's been detrimental to this community the harrowed has promoted the harrowed has been in bed with and now the harrowed turns around it says oh there's that ugly messenger that ugly voice on the radio he brings out the dark side all the negative things into people here and why had all through the column keeps contradicting himself. Oh don't blame Rogers he's not he's not to fall to people here are this and the people here are that and they're frustrated and they're better about papapi bbp so I guess what he's saying is that I'm not supposed to discuss the truth on this show as long as I do like the harrowed does and lie a lot then I'm a good guy and I'm not gonna do that to make Mr. Lighthead happy or Mr. Cape on happy or any of those other bastards over there at one harrowed plaza I'm not gonna come on here and lie and it must be tremendously disconcerting to them to see for once you see the only way that they can survive is by like the politicians many of them keeping the town divided divide and conquer the tri ethnic community boy they just love that phrase you know stick to back to the blacks you know back in the liberty city and over time nobody cares about them and let's put the angloes against the latinos and man you know we're gonna win because we got the numbers now and all of a sudden wqba and salad and all of the Cuban leaders and neo-rodgers and everybody's saying the same thing they're saying we don't need this referendum we don't need to argue we don't need to hate each other we the last year and a half we seem to be doing a little better than we had been doing let's have a little piece in harmony among the ethnic groups in a community and let's everybody try to get along and all of a sudden they they can't handle that oh my god everybody get along what are we do then so you see I have done a service here because I brought to the attention of the public the kind of divisive efforts that are made by the people like George Valdez who wants to be a professional Cuban instead of a commissioner for all of the county oh the pain the pain it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurts it hurts me when a jackass like George Valdez won't take no for an answer and no matter how many phone calls come in you hear him in his own voice he's gonna continue this no matter what the consequences and that's disgraceful and that alone should be caused for his recall get rid of them let's have commission and but the rest of the commission has got nothing to be proud of either the fact that they've allowed one yo yo like him one ignorant yo yo to get them into this whole thing see they thought that they would go along and they put it on the ballot and nobody would you know expose this for what it was and all of a sudden the arraggies got on the ear and why should it have only been me see that's the thing that disturbs me tremendously why should it have had to be me why are all the other lead why isn't the beacon council and a greater Miami chamber of commerce why are all these other so-called civic leaders why didn't they immediately come out last Wednesday and say the things that I said on the air here last Wednesday these are the self-appointed leaders who are so concerned about the image of this community in the future of this community where the hell were they last Wednesday unbelievable thank you fix it and I think that Mr. Valdez owes this community an apology for being a stubborn fool a stubborn old fool a stubborn old illiterate fool sorry that we didn't have this on Saturday and I apologize for that thanks to one of our listeners in the radio audience one of those horrible listeners who listens to this show we've got it today that I was a judge I didn't know love the peace so cruel among others you tell me let this day are not the anyone but I don't rather than I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please accept my apology But love is blind and I was too blind to see But love is blind and I was too blind to see You tell me, I'm a mistake I'm heartless, the end of you I don't like the wrong way The wrong way, I'm done Both of us are sorry Tell you, you're absolutely correct That those were my statements at that time I'm sorry, I'm so sorry Please accept my apology Love was blind and I was too blind to see Let's look in the a Webster's dictionary from Mr. Valdez The word never, not ever at no time Not under any condition, not in any degree Not ever Mr. Valdez, that's what never means It's 16 before 11 of WI and Z or 14 or 15 or somewhere in there Within about three or four minute radius We don't really knit tick on the show Let's do our last break, we'll come right back We'll be here with you till two, stand major, we'll be along at two And stand as promised, may one of the first orders of business on a show today We'll be to call and cancel the Harold on the air And shame on stand for subscribing to the Harold even now I've been trying to convince him He's finally seen the error in his ways and we'll be canceling on the air Can we crank this monitor up a little bit because on a weekend I think somebody turned it down, can we just go back there and crank it up Honestly, you know by one o'clock, usually I can't hear myself But now it's like a desperate So if we can really crank it up good, in fact we can do the whole That's great, can reverb, we can just to get a reverb in the background And we can do the show in stereo Like the good old days when we used to have all that RF Bleeding through the background, we can bring back the old days Because we like our listeners to feel comfortable Anyway, and of course our douchebag list is out there Because Mr. Light has already told you exactly what you are And I want to see some cancellations at the Harold today That's going to make Mr. Capen grow new hair on that balding head Okay, I want to see thousands of people finally come to their senses And I was listening to a good part of Mike Spendell show yesterday And I heard a one lady who called in It's a nice thing to say about me in this show And agreed with a lot of what I've been saying But she said, well she's been thinking about canceling the Harold But she hasn't been able to bring yourself to do it yet You know, you'd be amazed at how much better you'll feel Really, once you've canceled it And it's interesting Mr. Light had also characterized you See everything I do according to him and according to the Harold As always in a real hostile way I haven't suggested that anybody calls the Harold And he pebuted upon them, those are his words Erred them to call the Harold he pebuted upon them And cancel their subscriptions The last part is accurate cancel their subscriptions yes But he pebuted upon them no I haven't said that any more than we've solicited death threats For Mr. Valdez or hate calls or anti-Semitic calls Many of those other negative calls that are attributed to me But of course this is business as usual Because as I've always told you when something bad happens I'm responsible for it And as Brenda Lee said, I'm sorry No matter what it is that somebody's upset about I'm responsible for it If a tornado touches down in sweet water Neal Rogers is responsible for it If somebody calls Mr. Valdez and calls him a douchebag I'm responsible for it I mean grow up will you Charlie grow up Boy I mean for a pathetic old fart like you You think you've been around the block long enough to realize That you can't blame one person for everything bad that goes on And I want to see them pay a wicked price for continuing to distort And to lie How can they have it both ways On Thursday the hero that it in of course the line that they would love to give you As well you know the editorial board Mr. Whitehead's column are totally separate Right Right Sure Thursday two editorial is not one but the two lead editorial A green that we don't need this referendum A green that Mr. Valdez is all wet and a green that the Metro Commissioner should never have Caved in Which is exactly what I've said And exactly what I've urged you to call and tell them But now we have to get even because those ratings are getting too high And it's getting out of hand and we're losing a lot of power and lot of subscribers And now we got to get even so let's do a real slice job by name See why it has written about me in the past Usually by in you window very rarely does he specifically mention my name On occasion he has But I mean this is as blatant as you can get Neal Rogers mouthpiece for our hatred He's listening Now the rest of you when you listen feel guilty, okay? Seeing that song by Brenda Lee you know, you got to be sorry that you listen But when he listens it's okay because I'm never dull What is it that you want? Monkey called He's upset with me Well tell Bunky that we speak the truth on the show And I've said that many times before Bunky tosses marshmallows Yeah That's going to be a new movie by the way There was no Nothing He didn't Did that come from Ron Harrison as I would you say? Well Ron, what can I tell you? Ron owes an apology to my audience and to me for a spewing misinformation And he got that from Tom Gallagher who gave it to him so Tom owes an apology To me and to my audience And Bunky owes an apology to the whole human race for those marshmallows Those cream puff questions Bunky Oh Mr Mayor Mr Mayor, oh you're wonderful Mr Mayor Oh you put us on the mat Mr Mayor Bunky only wishes that Maurice Farray would make a comeback Boy he loves every part of Maurice's body from head to toe Air v. Falacle on his body Bunky Sh Monkey loves him Bunky You can drop the Y So if you ever if you want to have a wini roast And you want somebody to do the marshmallow's right Invite Bunky and his lobotomist they'll come along as a tandem team You'll never guess what movie was on cinimax last night as part of the previews One of those bonus movies that they're not really showing yet but It was on and I caught the last hour of it Stand by me Well it had its moments but it was such a depressing Such a depressing I mean if you were blown away by that movie It reminds me of Candace Russell on with Lee Fowler this morning Who was attacking the untouchables? How anybody could not have liked the untouchables beats the hell out of me And then both Candace and Bill What's his name are former friend from the Harold Both of them are talking about what a brilliant performance by Robert De Niro and Academy award-winning Performance as Al Capone he's hardly in the movie he's like 40 seconds I think in the movie you know he's not in the movie But it's because it's Robert De Niro therefore we ought to consider him for an Academy award You know forget about what's his name their Sean Connery who was great He was great in the movie forget about him But Robert De Niro all brilliant brilliant what a portrayal and how he was crying at the opera Who you know who was he crying on his own or did somebody write that in a script you know Oh really this is my con no good. That's good. We don't want to overdo it not on a Monday not this early in a week In spite of what Charlie says our audience is not that bad. They don't deserve you. Oh she doesn't like yeah She was going on about the violence at the baseball bat scene and all she was just a subset But stand by me was very depressing and It was it was very depressing and at the end So what does that have to do with it? It was still depressing It was very depressing and most of the kids were ugly anyway So you know who wants to see that? But seriously it was an depressing movie and then at the end he's writing this you know and about this kid Chris Who was the only good one on the bunch by the way, but very young. Okay. I do want to say very young Like there were 12 years old in the movie Okay, I mean even Stan would be embarrassed by that But he's writing this and thinking back and all and then he tells about his friend Chris who became a lawyer and Was in a bar and this guy pulled out a knife and got into a fight with somebody and he tried to intervene He got stabbed and the neck and die and he hadn't seen him in 10 years But yeah, it was so depressing More bit And it was absolutely no way reflection of life in the 50s in fact It was really interesting because if anybody with an IQ of over 3 would catch it They were using expressions that nobody used in the 50s. You got it You got it. Nobody said that in the 50s. That wasn't a 50s. Nobody ever said from that. You got it Or it would be like they said go for it You know, I mean there were expressions that nobody ever heard of in the 50s that they were using But of course some of you who are a little too dense to understand that it's swept away by emotion and who cry at anything I mean this guy cried at the opening scene in the godfather When Marlon Brando was fondling that ugly cat So what does that tell you? So if there's anybody out there, you know what it reminds me of It's like those guys who called in who must have been chills. They must have all worked at the shops over there About the Galleria and then we never heard from them again. They all disappeared Pronto when we exposed the fact that the Galleria is like a ghost town And anybody who wants to troll in a mall should go to the Broward mall where all the beautiful bodies are Well except for two that I can think of immediately But nothing's perfect But anyway if you would like to discuss this with us and I noticed that nobody wanted to talk to Mike yesterday But that's not unusual because nobody ever wants to talk to Spindell anyway Okay, there's a lot of people who listen for some bizarre reason they did very well in the ratings on Sunday And I congratulate them for that. I say it again But Mike I've been trying to tell you for a long time They don't like you. They don't want to speak to you. They don't want to know from you They don't want to discuss your subjects. They don't want to call Well some of them want to call just to irritate you and drive you nuts. They don't like you They don't like the match. They don't like that stupid little cat. They don't like anything And he doesn't want to accept that he just doesn't want to accept And then I arrived. I guess was a little bit not a shape because I said that his ratings be real good to or something like that And of course being very very sensitive about all that racial stuff But I just had an nervous breakdown about that and they do be good. I mean what's wrong with that? A six five on Sunday morning that befandastic I mean if George Valdez can come up with some of the phrases he did in that tape I mean just butchering the language butchering Okay, let's give our numbers out and I have a feeling that maybe we'll get a couple of calls in the next hour And what we really want to concentrate on today is saying audio is to the Harold really I mean this should be just one more little one more little notch in air coffin as far as I'm concerned One more excuse to say hey, you know I can survive without them real well And the Harold in date 3 50 2000 And then Broward 462 Three thousand and you don't have to heap abuse upon them I mean if you want to you know it's a free world But just to get rid of me, you know our numbers in date 624 9400 624 9400 in English and Espanol forget it in Broward 524 9400 524 9400 and Michael Wolfe is here with local and area news headlines We have some really exciting world news from CBS at the top of the hour as we check to see if the globe is still spinning around on the outside in the real world and then we'll come back at 1106 Of course we a year ago I did a bit for the morning show called Hallendale Lys And we were approached by gentlemen who produces the mind-device jacket satin jackets He has the way he called it for the franchise rights on those He came to me and asked first of all for me to do some answering machine messages for his business And using the Don Johnson voice that some people say I do okay And then on the back of the tape he said you know I really love that how and they'll advice would you throw that on the back of the tape for me So I did And of course in the next coming months we were doing a promotion with his company of co-promotion Where we at a local night club and we Erred the episode of Miami Vice that season premiere on the big screens and give away a bunch of his jackets and things like that But the man wound up going over to Neil Rogers and taking that that debt without my authority over there claiming of course that it was his and he had the cancel check because he had paid me by checking and I suppose on the little notation there It said Something about phone machine messages or whatever He claimed that he had a canceled check that said I had out now sold it to him And you may have heard several months ago he and I went round and round on Mr. Rogers show But they're in Mr. Rogers neighborhood We went round and round on the air about who owned the rights to that and Who wound up producing evidence letters from lawyers and all of this business and You know, firstly I'm not going to sit on on on this show and talk bad about him or talk bad about Neil Because as I understood it he had here done some favors for Neil he had provided them with some Some things that's as I understand it and so how could Neil get on and talk bad about it But and originally I was not getting the credit for that for that bit and they had played that for months and months And I understand that didn't exactly hurt Neil's ratings That's that that caused a big stir over the people with halondale and that That's helped him out just a little bit But one thing that was never brought out and I never thought about it This gentleman who claimed that he owned this bit and could do whatever he wanted to with it With the fact that in most radio contracts Mr. Rogers and Mr. Bailey if you're listening and I assume that you are In most radio contracts there's a quasi net that says that everything that you do for that radio station During the term of your employment remains then and forever Even after you leave the sole property of the radio station That's why you hear a guy's commercials and you're you know, you'll want to know where to go off to I never hear him on the air anymore, but I hear his commercials That's because radio stations It's usually it's a standards built into his contract So this gentleman that thought that I had sold him that bit it would've been like if I had sold in the Brooklyn Bridge I had no right to sell it to him so if he thought that I'd be as in a Fuling his money or soon pardon But here it is live and in person and probably the first time on this radio station That historical and historical hopefully bit halondale vise There to Miami come to the hot tubines There are the streets fighting grime They pop the hand against me there Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hell and they'll buy We got a problem, the crazy We're excited and that's a group that senior citizens want around trying to get the early birds special after seven Yeah, they're back and down let's go get them Just clean up this tree The lady you can't crawl here, you'll have to cross in the line There they turn them they clean up this bus All right to dare your under it Oh, so now you're arresting my wife for such a charge That's a power I'm gonna first let's see that white dust And just a thought Got our underbags in here Oh, what? Weakin' loaves My restaurant just came out of Looks like a man There can be a guy who's got a hot movie He's a hell of a little vise We're being displown on MBC