No sense in beating around the bush because I'm going to get right to it today because um, a lot to say. In fact, don't rush to the phone because I have a lot of things to say. And I want to listen very closely and very carefully because who knows what evil lurks, you know, the hearts of people from coast to coast. I listen to a half an hour when I lift this building yesterday that just turned my stomach inside out. Turn my stomach inside out. And you know, I got a pretty good sense of humor. Okay. I think I got a real good sense of humor. And I'm also not thin skin because when you're working this business and especially in this market for almost a dozen years, if you've got thin skin, you're not going to make it. And I take the heat from everywhere. Now I joke very often about the fact that when it rains, I get blamed for it and when somebody gets fired here, I get anything that people get upset about. I get blamed for it. And now we have a new, we have something to new lows because now I have trashed my good friend I am told, you know, each of the last three days has gotten progressively worse. Why? Because I've had the audacity, I guess, to play that little bit on card. I want you to hear the card by the way. Can you hear that? I bulk erased it this morning. So you hear that washing sound of the buy purposely didn't do a good job. I want to leave washes on there. Okay. Is that picking up? You can't hear it? Well, that's all that's on the card anyway. Just little washing sounds. We could let it go the rest of the show. Could be the new background for the news. And you finally reach a point in life where you get tired or taking crap. You know what I'm saying? You get tired of the abuse. And you get tired of everybody else, thin skin, childish people taking out their anger and frustration on you. And I hear it on, I've heard it consistently. You know, oh yeah, we take a lot of shots at people on this show. No question about it. But we don't orchestrate an entire program to attack somebody. And here we had to show how many weeks ago was it? Four or five weeks ago, less than that. Or another one of the juvenile people in this market did four hours. Four solid hours under the pretence of discussing talk radio of attacking me, including some of the most, the wildest lies in his stereo paranoia, the name would could imagine. And I didn't dignify them then. And I'm not going to do it now with the response because it's spoke for itself. It was so obvious what it was. And then a couple of days ago, low and behold, here on the same radio station again on WIOD, we have another two hours. The board-up orchestrating over presiding over that performance of let's attack Neil and what he does on here. We can't beat him. We can't compete with him. So let's get him off the air. Let's attack him. We get it from the Miami-Hero. We get it from the Miami News. My good dear friends at the Miami News. Who know me so well. That's the thing that amazes me about this. All of these people who know me so well because they listen to a radio show who wouldn't know me if I bumped into a man and elevator. Like loose a low me, never met the man. Charlie Whitehead, never met the man. And of course my dear friend Howard Kleinberg. And I was beginning to wonder last night I was thinking about all of this in that interesting that Cox broadcasting which owns WIOD also owns Cox news papers which owns the Miami News. And I guess I would sound paranoid if I were to suggest that all of a sudden these last couple of months the Miami News has taken a sour turn on Neil Rogers. Can't miss an opportunity to take some shots. And yesterday is I'm driving out of here. I hear that we, we, I guess that's the collective weed that's so popular on this show lately. We have been trashing Stan Major for four hours yesterday. And that came as quite a shock to me because I didn't know that we had been doing that or that I had been doing. I thought we were having a little fun with that cart which I still think is funny. You won't hear it again because as you heard I just erased it and I wouldn't go through the work of putting it on cart again. I thought we were having a little fun with it because to me the whole Don Johnson Miami advice thing is a joke. It's funny. Evidently to stand. It's not funny. And when you take the constant, I mean even when you try to do something you think is for the good of the community like the thing with Mr. Valdez and getting people to call their elected officials and maybe a handful of mouth contents called with bomb threats or death threats maybe. I'm not so sure that any of those calls really came in. But assuming a handful a half a dozen of them did of course nobody writes about the other 1995 calls or however many of their were. The only thing they write about is the fact that this show is responsible for verbal terrorism. And it's that Neil ratings again will do anything for ratings but has never done anything positive for the community in the dozen years that he's been here. And again keep in mind people writing this are all these people who know me so well. And I guess seven weeks ago yesterday when my roommate died I must have missed all those sympathy cards that came from my good personal friends like Charlie Whitehead and loose salami and all of these other people Steve Kane who know me so well. I must have missed them maybe they got lost in all the mail we get is that possible? I guess so. I missed your card Steve because if these people all know me personally and know me so well and know where I'm coming from and know that I'm such a bigot and such a bad guy you would think that they would know a whole lot about me. Which they don't. But somebody who ought to know a lot about me is Stan Major because I've worked with him for 10 years. He's one of my best friends always has been. And if you've listened to my programs when Stan was here before when he was in Philadelphia when he was in Phoenix in fact I've had Stan we had him on a phone a few times to do some shows together about different topics from time to time just like we've had Jerry Williams on. And of all the people I know in this business the one person I have never trashed never taken the opportunity to take a shot at seriously is Stan Major. And our lesson yesterday and I hear people who want to say something positive or who think the whole thing is childish or I'll cut off immediately. But isn't that interesting how some of these old parts some of the same old pathetic people like that guy in Hellendale who sounds like Sunny Rose and Bergs brother with the poems or what with his song. How many times have we heard that same call? He'll condition out but he can't take it and he's singing how many times have we heard that guy? Now all of those people seem to be on for a substantial release for a couple of minutes. Including the woman again about all my husband and I how many times have we heard heard? My husband and I we were so fond of you when you were here before and we're so happy that you're back on my husband warned me that Rogers is using you he's using you as a whipping boy and look out you'll be next he got her any fired and happy fight I got news for you folks I didn't get anybody fired I have nothing to say about anything that goes on in this radio station I have nothing to say about my own vacation is matter of fact which I don't want to take I'm going on what they call in in forced vacation next Friday if I'm still here by then. So I have nothing to say about this show much less about anybody else and yes I was delighted to see Tafi go just like I was delighted to see John Broward go but it wasn't my decision it was a management decision and why did they go because they were terminally boring and because their demographics were a hundred plus because they weren't broadcasters and either one of them ever will be. And it finally gets to the point where you just want to throw up your arms and say hey listen you know you can't please anybody. And I put my neck on the line to get Stan Major hired in this radio station I've fought in the screen to Neil and carried on like a maniac because to me he's one of the finest tacos to the country. He's one of the few people who could do what he's doing and after noon drive and you we joke about Miami Vice and about Don Johnson and his obsession whether whatever we want to call it to joke. And I thought we had a lot of fun here yesterday for four hours. At least I thought we did. There were people coming in from around the building or getting a chuck a lot of what we were doing a lot of which had nothing to do with what Stan. And I listened to this yesterday when I left here and I just I got to tell you you have to really wonder you know life is very short I learned that short time ago. Once you die it's a very permanent thing it's not temporary it's very permanent. And the waste you time fighting here it reminds me of my spindles a good example. Class of example I'll use him. Mike spindle knows how much I like him. There's no way to dislike Mike spindle it's not possible to dislike him he's like a little crumudge and there's no way to dislike him. And yeah he has his ex-entrestities like the rest of us with his wrestling and his meds and all of these other little things. And yeah I've joked about that. I've talked about different things he's done on his show. We've had some fun with that and I can't tell you how many times his skin has gotten very thin and he's come back on very upset and wounded with me. So when the guy in hell and they'll want to sing about people who can dish it out but can't take it he's got the wrong guy because I take more abuse than all the others put together. In a week I take more abuse than all the others put together. And you know something doesn't usually doesn't bother me in a least bit up until yesterday didn't bother me at all and sunny fox can come on and talk about my trying to change a $3 bill in windyxie and this one can come on and do something else and Steve can can come on and do four hours of ripping and lying and shredding and attacking my everything under the sun from my mother to you name it doesn't phase me because I know what the business is all about and I know the nature of most of these people it's a radio show. And I know that most of these people don't really know me from Adam and spite of what they think in a wrong mind they don't know me from what you put it. And just when you're having a good time and just when you're enjoying coming to work and just when things are going well and you've got gigantic numbers and you've pulled off as incredible miracle or bring in thousands not a few but thousands of people from FM back to AM. There are those people who can't stand prosperity they have to have a crisis they have to make a mountain out of a molehill. Including the people at the corporate headquarters in this company so those of you mouth contents out there you don't have to worry because you're going to get your way. Whether it's today or whether it's next Friday or whether it's a week from Sukhaz you're going to get your way eventually because Neil Rogers won't be on WI and Z. You can go to the bank on that. You can bet your life on it but a lot more than you did on heatwave in the eighth race and colder yesterday with a much more definite result because there are those people who can't stand prosperity. They not only want you to accomplish certain things but they want you to do it their way. And a bottom line is in this market and in this situation here you can't please anybody. Not possible. 20 minutes after 10 at WI and Z will come right back. 24 after 10 at WI and Z. It's not going to be fun and games today. I'll tell you that as if you can't tell I'm already and I'm sorry about that but I don't think I owe any apologies to anybody at this point. And I'm not going to offer anybody any apology today because you know it's not forthcoming if anybody owes me an apology that person knows who it is. And what I heard yesterday was downright embarrassing and who allow these people these ridiculous little old farts call it. Oh he got any fired too. Ernie Sochens a good friend of mine. Ernie had been a guest at my show for years for years. And one day he took me to lunch and North Miami Beach at Corquise that never forget the day and he said I really would like a shot. I loved to do a talk show. And I got Ernie Sochens hired on this radio station. And to the day when Ernie was let go here, I wasn't the understanding that he was still going to be here. I knew nothing about it. Now of course those people who don't want to believe that aren't going to believe it. Because as usual I'm responsible for everybody who gets fired even other stations. I'm responsible for people getting fired. Somebody in the print media I forget who it was couple of weeks ago asked me if I was responsible for Sandy Payton and Mike Miller getting fired and I owed day. How do you like that? As if I have any control of what Cox Broadcasting does. And of course we know that there's such a reputable company and they treat everybody so well including my best friend Bill Calder who they've screwed to the point where the man is like inside out and upside down. They give him such a screwing and lied through their teeth this wonderful reputable company. Cox Broadcasting. But again I'm somehow responsible when somebody else gets fired. It's one thing to joke about it. But it's another thing when people believe it. It's another thing when they're given the opportunity to come on the year on this radio station and say it. Because somebody is wounded and I still have no idea about what to be very honest with you. I still don't understand it. And anytime management is said to me well stand ought to be doing this or stand ought to be doing that my immediate response has been stands doing a hell of a job and he's going to do 50 times better than Daphim, a Calam Ever dreamed of and he is already doing that it's already showing in the short time that he's been here it already shows. But as I said in this business there are those who can't stand prosperity including the people who own this radio station can't stand prosperity. And I'm not going to apologize to anybody including anyone in Portland main or any of the other kneeanderthals for anything that I've played on the year or set on the year. See the FCC isn't going to take Neil Rogers off the year because Neil Rogers hasn't done anything that's actionable okay not even close. But this company is ultimately going to cause Neil Rogers to be when I say off the year I'm talking about this radio station because I'm not going to miss any meals okay I'm not going to be out of work. But you're reach a point of no return in your life and you say you know my life has got to have some kind of value to myself you got to have some kind of self respect. And when you sit and you pull off a major miracle on a station that's been the most geriatric oriented station on the AM dial for years with a dying format and you break breathe life into it and bring living and breathing people back to it and everybody talking about it. And you don't even get a thank you from the people who own an operator in the best that they can do is say well we don't like this and we don't like that and we got a phone call about this then it's not a very uplifting experience as I've always said to you it's another one of those great radio morale boosters and boy do they know how to boost your morale in this business. See because ultimately the talent we're like we're like cattle cattle and we're just used and manipulated and when they've turned the inside out they put you out to pass during a say to hell with it just like they did at Cox Broadcast in the most unceremonious of ways. And you see the the real problem is here that there are people enjoying this show see that's bad we're having a good time. They don't know how to deal with that they don't know how to cope with that. That's why you find so many people in this business who love to take like the former person I worked for who own WNWS Woody Sudburn he made all his money by taking station FM stations and putting it automation machines and putting on slush music music music. See then you don't have to deal with personnel you don't have to deal with those pain in the ass talent people you just put tapes on machines and they just automatically keep going all day long and that's what most ownership people in this business can relate to because they can't relate to the fact that the talent are living and breathing human beings with needs and feelings and who really exist and breathe the air. As opposed to just automotons to be oh there's that word again mindless automotons like the audience. And so you see in a long run the audience gets the shaft too because the people who enjoy this show you're the ones who are going to get screwed. Cause I'll find another job I'll find something somewhere and I'm sure probably make a lot more money than I'm making here. But you're the ones ultimately who are going to get screwed because you're enjoying what we're doing or you wouldn't be listening or those who aren't enjoying those who are enjoying it in a massacistic way are still getting a certain sense of enjoyment from it. But yesterday I reached the point at which I finally said to myself hey wait a minute slow down let's put everything on hold I've lost control over my own destiny as a human being. And then this morning when I came in as if I needed any more impetus because I was already going to do this show today is if I needed a little bit more fuel on the fire I find out they're having a baby so to speak just to use the expression up in Portland main because Jack Thompson who called in here yesterday whose name isn't even really Jack Thompson called yesterday to complain to our corporate headquarters. And so therefore we can't play this and we can't play that and we can't do this and we can't say that etc. What we can do we don't know because our management isn't here so we don't know what we can do but we know what we can't do which is just about everything that we've been doing for eight months on this show. So where does that leave us? You see it's one thing to be out on a limb and I'm used to it I've been out there on a limb for years but when you're out on a limb all alone and you turn around and there's nobody even behind you on the bottom of the tree then it creates a problem. And when one of your best friends is saying oh gee trashed me and all my contracts up in February and I wish I was back in Philadelphia because you played Don Johnson on a tape then you got to see to yourself hey wait a minute so I'm losing contact with reality or somebody's losing contact with reality here. And it gets old it really does and I think I've got a pretty strong reserve of whatever it is that is required to take a lot of crap from a lot of people which is one of the reasons I've issued out that I've learned that in this market that's a survival technique it's just like with the colors. The colors want to be civilized I've traded freedom civilized if they want to be obnoxious fine I give it right back to them that's called survival. But even when you have a lot of that whatever that quality is you finally reach a point at which you say hey I think I've used it all up it's exhausted and that's the point at which I find myself this morning. Because everything that I do is bad. I mean you know run down the list you know I'm a big it and I get everybody fired and I do all those dirty terrible things on the air and everything I do is for ratings and there gotta be some more oh yeah and I trashed stand for four hours yesterday because I played Don Johnson. I mean how can you get to be much worse than that you know I never killed anybody and I never did steal a freight train or even a caboose but the short of those things you can't get much worse than the arroggies you can't be a much nice to your guy. I mean after 12 years all of these terrible negative things that I've done these device of things in a community and here poor George Valdez and his family are living in terror and fear because after all I was responsible for instigating all of that verbal terrorism. You know and you can go right down the list of all these evil terrible things. I mean if you listen to some people I don't even like my mother I'm such a bad guy. Of course the fact that they take stories out of context and they lie in a twist and they leave certain parts of it out that's okay that's okay. And primarily it all was interesting to me yesterday as I listened in that half hour. The younger voices were people saying hey you know you shouldn't be mad at me you know forget about it no big deal is joke. The older voices again the chronic old hellyrease that segment of old parts who keep this town from being anything will make it into an outdoor funeral parlor as always those were the ones because they love it they love to pit this one against that one their full of bitterness and hate their whole lives are just filled with bitterness and they love to share it because as I told you for years misery loves company and that's where those people are coming from. But you know when the day comes whatever day that is that those people turn on their radios and they can't find me anywhere in the dial they're not going to know what to do with themselves. They're going to have to find something new and it won't be easy to focus that hatred on like the old guy from hell and they'll with this song who wouldn't miss the show if his life depended upon it and like the old lady who calls her air every day with my feet stink you know the one she called yesterday I forget to lie yesterday air every day oh she also called in during that half hour too the fat fag was obnoxious today the fat fag which got on the air about three or four times I noticed see that was okay that was good that wasn't the shot that was just a joke and I think somebody I know ought to be ashamed of themselves because when I need instead of paranoia and instead of whatever it is I can't even describe it I don't know what is going on in the man's mind what I would need a little support from somebody because it comes at a time when they show us being attacked from everywhere including from the people now who own the radio station and once the people who own the radio station decide that what I'm doing on the air isn't acceptable anymore then I can't be here anymore because I'm not going to go back the interviewing nutritionists who tell you whether your BM sinks or whether it floats and all that other crap that the other stations are putting on the air I'm not going to do that again ever if I have to go on live on the street I'll do it before I'll go back to doing that again because it's pathetic and because I don't enjoy it 23 to 11 and wins will come right back 24 11 and WI and Z and it gets even better boys and girls during the break we had a lady in here from the date county sheriff's department to serve me and the station where they complained from our good friend doctor heffron and of course this turns out to be a complaint for an emergency temporary and permanent restraining order from us mentioning the doctor's name or phone number on the air or is that our left coming from all of a sudden you hear that is it back maybe it's an only well if you don't hear it the first time you hear it the second time anyway uh so we now have in our hands and it's kind of fascinating to me because it says in the last paragraph where for the plaintiff's pray for an immediate temporary and permanent injunction rest they've already got the temporary one restraining WI and Z and Eal Rogers from mentioning or broadcasting over the air the names or phone numbers of the plaintiff and grant the plaintiff any other relief team just well it's interesting you know the temporary injunction they got had to do with giving the phone number out because it is a physician's office and we don't want to jeopardize the health of any of the patients create a problem for the not getting through and we've already long since stopped giving that number on the air in terms of the name you see doctor heffron in wants to play the game but only on his rules he's become a public figure when he formed his so-called committee for first amendment rights or whatever he calls it he became a public figure at that moment when he went on the air on WNWS before he hung up on Jeff Charles he also embellished that standing is a public figure when his son was on two days ago on WIOD replacing sick daddy he also became a public figure so the idea that we aren't going to mention doctor heffron in his name on the air is ludicrous because he's the ringleader of the people who are doing their damn this to try to get this show off the air and as I said in the first part of the hour probably we'll succeed not because of their own efforts but because of the company's response if that makes any sense to you so this really doesn't amount to much of anything just more the same that we've seen before and again you know the bottom line is that it's strictly censorship and they can deny it all they want but the bottom line is that doctor heffron in wants the first amendment to be whatever he interprets it to be in other words we have the right to say whatever we want so long as he doesn't find a defensive or jacktompson whoever he is doesn't find a defensive or you know a handful of other misfits in the market and isn't that ironic that we we're running all of that effort and energy on the so far campaign save our first amendment rights in regard to the FCC and we were we were kind of the focal point of that whole business in focusing attention on the first amendment and the right of speech and therefore we become the immediate target you see because these people can't turn off something that they don't like or that they find offensive they have to get it off the air and that's been typical with the people on a religious right for years this is nothing new this has been going on now for 15 years at least in fact with a Catholic church it's been going on a lot longer than that because way back in the 40s they were the ones who instituted the rating system for motion pictures because naturally these people have to set themselves up as senses for the entire country not just the community but the entire country telling us what's naughty and what's nice what we can read what we can listen to what we can watch what we can think etc and as I said you know if you're out there like the Pied Piper I've told you that story many many times where you feel like you're the Pied Piper you know playing the flute walking down the street and you know the all the people marching behind you and you finally get to a certain point in your turn around you see there's nobody there you're all alone and I'm always fascinated by the fact that when push comes to shove your colleagues generally are just like the people behind the Pied Piper they're invisible oh don't get me in the middle of this I don't want to get involved that's the kind of response because most people are scared for their job well I'm not scared for my job because I'll be honest with you like I said earlier in the hour from not here tomorrow I'll be working on Monday somewhere doesn't phase me in the least there are a lot of people in fact they're knocking on my door all the time I've been been bugged all week long with phone calls from people who just loved having to go to work for all over the country because you're a lot of people out there who'd love to have a nine share of the audience in midday with most of the people living and breathing under the age of a hundred they'd find that pretty exciting you know I've said many times before that this show peels into when significance in terms of I'm not talking about quality I'm talking about content in terms of the content level of coming close to the borderline with the Howard Stern Show in New York and it's interesting to me that Howard Stern Show on WXRK in New York is sold out for the next year and a half they have a waiting list of year and a half on that program no don't don't tell them not to send any food here please I'm going to get to that in a minute okay tell them thank you but no food that's another thing wait wait I come in this morning and Tweety bird says to me oh there's a pizza coming I said what is this going to stop already you see that's the bottom line these people who love you to death and how many times have I said that in the air and I'll confess there was one day that I got very upset with Stan major but instead of going on the air the next day and carrying on about it I called I left a very poignant message as Kyle will recall who relayed the message because diabetes isn't funny it's a life threatening disease and people lose their vision and their limbs and their lives from it and I've tried without going into a big song at a dance because I don't come on the air usually and get into my personal health problem you know the rash I guess we could use that as an exception because I mentioned it and we said here the phones rang off the hook for two hours about my rash but short of that I don't come in here and cry on the public's shoulder about personal problems and I have big people don't send food into this studio and now air every day not once in a while air every day we have food coming in for the eating machine so that when they preside over my funeral they can all say boy he could cheer me to great meal couldn't he like in the movie fat so boy he sure loved his corn you know whatever it is sure loved his pasta and so yeah I did take exception with that and I was angry for about an hour I guess about that would stand major because as I said yesterday I don't hold grudges children hold grudges it's a childish thing to do and if somebody is really your friend you don't hold a grudge over something minor and especially where there was no malice intended to begin with so I'm still confounded can refuse dumbfounded be wielded and dismayed over what I heard yesterday but I'm not going to apologize because I don't think that there's anything that I did that requires an apology there was no shot intended there was no shot given and if Don Johnson and Miami vice are indeed that important then what can I say I thought it was funny and evidently most of the people in the audience thought it was funny but they're just reaches a point in your life when you can't please anybody when nobody is pleased with what you do except the audience but you see the audience doesn't count which is something I've just learned recently see I always used to think that it was the audience that counted I wasn't told to do the show for the owner of the radio station for the general manager for the program director for the janitor for my friends I always was told that when you came on a radio and you did a show it was for the audience and to get the largest possible audience and who entertained them or amused them or informed them or whatever the hell it was you were doing that's what I always thought in it after 27 years in the business finally I discover the audience doesn't count no we're supposed to please Dr. Haffernen and we're supposed to please Bob Gilbertson in Portland main at Guy Gannett Broadcasting and we're supposed to please god only knows who else I don't know who but certainly not the audience because you folks don't count we're supposed to please Howard Kleinberg at the Miami news and lose salami and Charlie Whitehead and John DeGrewt and Mark Fisher and all these other mavens they're the folks we're supposed to please and not you people because we know you're a bunch of herbal terrorist you're just bad folks with dirty minds and I love that line that also went uncontested yesterday on this radio station between 206 and 235 about all how he came on the year no wasn't I take that back I'm sorry it was one of the ones it was the day before on WIOD from our good friend Dave another one of the chronic regular colors and I noticed a lot of the chronic regulators were involved in that exercise yesterday I even heard our friend Mike you know who who called in yesterday long since banished from the year on virtual every talk show and tell but when you get a chance to jump on and make your attack boy they're all right there aren't they they're all right there now I forgot the line forgot the line I was talking about that they heard the previous day it'll come back because it was such a good one it's such a classic I mean when you're responsible for so much evil and so many bad things it's not easy to keep track of mall I should have written them down I don't make notes but I should have written them all out so at least I forget any of my sins and any of my evils this is better than being Catholic I mean anybody going confessed to one priest with a silly frac on but when you can confess to 80,000 people out there listening then you're really cleansed your soul then you've at least got purgatory made and maybe heaven you know who knows nine minutes before 11 at WI and Z will come right back well it's not going to carry the way it just came back to me about the old fart on the Bill McQuig show a couple of days ago and I OD with Dr. Rohof and mouth and now we're not going to give his real name we're just called Dr. Huffin mouth okay forget the injunction no problem anyway this guy's going on about well you know he went on in the daytime and they wanted all the young people so you know all those young morons all he wanted to talk about his sex and cars you know so you see here we go again it's always got to be the attack on anybody under the age of 100 because the old fart stay on soft floor to see that's going all the way back to the hell in the old business that was the first business of discontent when we had people taking up petitions in front of albutzans and in front of public to get them off the air because we don't like what he's saying see that was the beginning of all of it and of course once you offend the condo command those boy you got some serious tourists in this town you got real problems and then when you offend Dr. Huffin mouth you got a real bad problem so the one thing that's consistent about this show we don't we don't single anybody out we offend everybody even the people at work here are offended I wasn't it fascinating how come he's upstairs today you know does that that's a first and weeks isn't it I don't want to mention certain animal who's not in the studio here lending moral support because he doesn't want to get in the middle of all of this he's upstairs in the control room with Kyle just soaking it all up just being very cautious not to dip his wing in anything poison it's gonna stay what I'm saying but that's okay we can survive we'll get through it one way or the other see the irony of the whole thing is what's ultimately going to happen is I'm going to wind up being gone because I was too successful too successful see I did too well if I would have just gone ahead and we would have kept you know booking all of those boring guests and doing the same stuff I've been doing for 10 years or 10 and a half years whatever it was but no problem we could have done a nice four and five share and had all the 90 year old demographics and had all the funeral parlors on the year and just been like it was before and there would have been no problem although it is kind of interesting that you know when the Catholic Church first tried to get me off the air was for criticizing the pope they didn't like what I was saying about that they didn't like the fact that I was homosexual they didn't like the fact that I was too liberal they didn't like what I said about you name it about the Mary-Alboa so you see it really doesn't make any difference but when you speak your mind it's got nothing to do with the vulgarity or with language the problem is when you really say what's on your mind and you're really speak out then you got problems so all of this crap about first the memad rights and about freedom of speech is just that it's just crap nobody who really says what's on your mind in this country sticks around very long because you've got to say what the establishment wants you to say and that's basically the bottom line great to be alive isn't it so anyway that's the end of our number one boy just flew by like crazy you would have thought I'd just said down here an hour ago and I don't know where anything goes from here because as far as Stan is concerned hopefully he'll be over it yeah I thought yesterday I really did I thought he'd come in about one thirty we laugh about it and everything would be back to abnormal but no no way Jose I haven't got a negative feeling in my body about Stan major or Mike Spindell or Ernie Sochin but I'm responsible for all of those people's discontent I guess even people I don't know who lose a job or who are unhappy or disset even people I don't know it's my fault so I hit it on the head yesterday and I think you know I was joking what I said but I think you can go to the bank on it if there's anything that you're unhappy about you can blame me for because I'm probably responsible six to four niney four hundred and day five two four niney four hundred and brown and al-Worn Ellis here with the headlines world news from CBS 11 o'clock it will come back perhaps at eleven o'clock four waterdale hello hi I heard it a news report last week about the poll life people wanting to keep the abortion clinic close yep on the post-survival for two days and they're threatening to form a human chain to keep the people from going into the clinic yeah now I think anyone who has any sense of democracy freedom and all the rest that goes with it well that leaves all of those people out I don't know I just find that things that all the right wingers they seem to be the most outspoken and the most people who are doing all the pitting and all the the loud mouth anything yeah they're going to make the decisions for all arrest of us and if they think abortion is wrong even though you know the law says that it's okay and even though all of those clinics have our licensed by the state and our you know operating legally don't confuse them with the fact they're with democracy or anything else they're going to impose their wishes if they decide that the show is offensive if they decide that a station in Jacksonville's offensive if they decide that a magazine is offensive and shouldn't be there going to make the decisions for all arrest of us and it you have to be a fool not to see how undemocratic and how how dangerous that is is very dangerous and if those out there who has any sense I'm going to be one of the people who will try to make an attempt to go in one of these clinics and I'm sorry for the person who tries to stop me from going in yeah well all those people I got news for them who are going to try to stop people from going in are going to put themselves in a position of being arrested they're going to put themselves in a position of getting their honest chopp on yeah yeah because they're going to be what they're going to be doing is going to be strictly illegal exactly that's all I want to say okay thank you you know it's one thing to march outside and to pick it with your stupid little signs and to carry on like a bunch of intolerant children but if you're going to try to stop people from going into a duly license place of business then you're going to be committing illegal acts and I have a feeling they're going to be a lot of people being arrested that day and isn't going to be ironic that a lot of this money that's going to be spent by us taxpayers is going to help to go to arrest some of those people Miami Beach hello yes how are you okay but you're talking about candidates you're left out I never said I never said anything about the Kennedy I just say anything about the Kennedy I'm saying to you what are you talking about Kennedy not the I also want to bring up wait a minute wait a minute what did this man just say did you listen to these first 20 seconds you said to me you're talking about the Kennedy's and I said wait a minute and I said I haven't mentioned the name of any of the Kennedy's and you said no I didn't say that before I didn't mention the Kennedy's here I never mentioned their name oh I don't know I must take off the I don't know I don't know you must be lying in your mind sir I never mentioned the Kennedy's on his program yeah well you know that about Catholics all are all these are so what about them well so what does that have to do with it they aren't the ones who are standing in the way of people having abortions or tried to dictate how people should live their lives yeah how could they do a thing like that when they they they themselves are all put on wonderful thank you oh pal taking in them what you please that's that chronic regular on Miami Beach you know go go call up Rachel's or somebody pal get a lot we don't we don't do your kind of show anymore okay with your senile babbling on the area see that's the kind of stuff that we're supposed to do according to this guy saying listen to the church we're just supposed to sit here and let's some guy like that put everybody in a coma you talk about the Kennedy's you were talking when sir when what they what year what month see this is another one of these old parts who's got his own agenda and he's gonna bring up you know he's gonna win jacked anything in there that he wants even though we're not talking about that because that's how many of our very area died educated seniors in south Florida behave don't confuse us with what's going on everything is for us and for our convenience including your show while I got a surprise for your pal no more Miami hello you get the feeling you're in the movie gaslight yes you were doing so well and you said it's a great to let couple of weeks exactly I've been having a good I was thinking about it yesterday I for the first time in a long time