Now, nine, nine, five, the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about them instead. It goes like this. Or you more, or you're an asshole. Or did you work at it your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole tonight. Yes you're an ape. F-s-s-s-s-s-s-o-e-ly. And don't you try to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. And we're an asshole yesterday. Here in asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole the rest of your life. I'll guess you told you a finger too, right? When you see Glenn driving on the palm of the meadow, this cranked this up in the background. Give it a little honk. Give it a little too. Those of you who she listeners. I was talking to your mother just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know them, you're whole life. And somebody told me, you've got an asshole for life. Where you born, and asshole. Or did you work at it your whole life? Neither way, we're not fine. Because you're an asshole. Hold the night. And I'm not a continuous meal. Rogers commercial sweet. Three commercials in a row without the music or phone call in a rush. A high school, gully white, and see. We in Austinburg. A burking. Not only got a store wide sale. Remember we've got new equipment in our tailor shop. And sure. Yeah. Good feeling. Where do you wear size 27 and 27? 74. Every size in between. Don't forget. All tools and shorts. Can stores. Wonder one. We've got pure silk shirts. Real. I'm 38. Dress shirts up to 38. Oh. Of course we carry size 40. Well, every size is. In sport culture from size 27 to 74. And every size in between. Remember. I don't know. I don't know. But it's a big selection under one roof anywhere. I said. For $99 to $250. This is how out to $500 and $600. The world's finest double and single breast and suit. Yeah. What? The finest selection. Anywhere. Do you want to wear it? No. No. With a pair of six down to the face of $999. It's a fantastic store wide sale. At Austinburg it's never been equal before. I know. Every man. Don't. Don't. Don't. This. Also is dumb. What y'all about to hear is dumb. Totally and completely dumb. The people responsible for this criminally insane broadcast or no genius is either. In fact, before I'd listen to this show, I'd rather hit myself over the head with a large hammer. Where it is. You're. You. You. Well. Well. Okay. Thank you, Jack. Twenty-two past eleven at Windsor. Got somebody at the Miami airport ready to fly out of here. Hello. Hi, Neil. You doing? Okay. First time. Call her from Tampa. Great. But I worked on her quite a bit. Yep. No. I've been friends down here. Got me interested in your show. But a year ago. And it's best thing going. You're the king of talk. No question about it, sir. We've got nothing in Tampa as you well know. Well, you got Bob Lassiter. But I just want to let you know you're doing a great job. And, you know, when I left here a year ago, I was living up in the West Palm area. I told myself I'd never come back. But after you become addicted to your show, you want to come back. Yeah. This show is the only thing that keeps any population in this town. There's just too many rude people down here, Neil. Yeah. You got it. So, come to Tampa. We really appreciate some good entertainment up there. Okay. I'll see you at Bernstaycast. Okay. Have a safe trip. Well, that's great, man. We're big in Tampa. Wait till we get that an underrectional signal if we're still on the AM when that happens. I shouldn't keep saying that because people on the FM start getting real paranoid, nervous. No, not paranoid because paranoid means with no justification. Okay. We have an open line in day. 624. 9400. Let's go to Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Great. I want to go for a grand plan. I'd like to see him become a permanent fixture. A permanent fixture. Well, as a matter of fact, we're nailing him to the chair right now. And we're taking him out to tower number three during the lunch hour. You know, I had a request. You know how people call up and they say, can I talk about this? You say, no one you hang up. Yeah. It strikes me so funny. I thought that's what he'll do to me this morning. No. Maybe. I was going to request that you not play that song anymore. Don't you know you just played it. Which one? So when you opened with yesterday morning. Oh, really? How come? Oh, I was just, you know, I've listened to, I haven't missed the two shows. You know, you switched over today. I know. Me too. I've only missed a couple. Yeah. I missed two. And all the rest of the since you've been on the air, including your baseball. No, racians. I haven't missed anything of yours. You've been 33 when you were on a night. You know what? Yeah. You're the racie Miami baseball. However, yesterday morning I was, I couldn't believe it when I was just. But you know, today it didn't bother me as much. No, no. You just have to get used to it. No, but don't you? I don't know. It's so. Nothing you do shocks me. I think yesterday I was in the first time I was a bit shocked. Well, this is not shock radio. I don't want to start spreading that rumor because all those, um, No, you don't think it's a little much. No. Well, when I first heard it, I thought so, but it's not one of the food words. And not only not only that, but not only that. Well, not only that, but then colloquially usage, that just refers to a character or a person. But I think it was a body part. I would never say that. You wouldn't? No, away. Don't you know any people who fit in that category? I don't say naughty words. No, no, that wasn't the question. I don't want you to say it. But don't you know any people who you think of in that category? Most of the people that you know what about it, me, Neil, is most of the people that use those words and not particularly people that I would want to socialize with. Oh. I mean, this doesn't sound maybe like a fruit of many of my friends think I am. But most of my friends don't use naughty language. Well, at least not in your presence. That's right. They don't. I don't. You know, and I think it's something, um, many people, if other people around we do that they'll do it. But if you don't, uh, here's someone ever used those kind of words or tell bad jokes, you mean like that, they kind of respond in time. Yeah. I don't, I don't lay the lockdown and I don't demand that they don't. I don't say anything. Yeah. But I just don't. I don't care for it. But I've never heard anything on your program that is shocked me. That's why. Well, no, this is not shock radio. That's why they want her to make comments. And in the news, uh, you hear that they were putting you with a shot shot. I don't, I don't understand what they're talking about. Well, those are people that don't realize it. Been on the year here for over 11 years, not nine like that young douche bags. They'd yesterday on Stan Show. Yeah. Been on the year here for over 11 years. I know. And I'm not doing anything all that different. I mean, the format of this show is a little different. And we got rid of the boring guests. But, uh, you know, it's just a matter of degree. And all of a sudden, it's, you know, shock joc is become a very popular term. And the people love cliches. They love cliches. It would be me. That's why I had to admit, you know, Today I really have a, I can't believe he's playing this record. Well, see now today you got used to it in tomorrow. You're like it. I like to take it. And by Monday, you'll be singing it. I got cut off on I'm 85. I really, I really wish that I could have played that record for that person. Oh, see, see, now we're getting a little of your aggression. That's good. You know, what we do and what we'd like to do sometimes are two different things. Right. But I, well, there's no question about that. I think you're one of the few reasons that I remain here. Me too. Okay, listen, have a great weekend. How you, and have a great, very much. Have a great life. Marlin Bailey said that the jackets, those Miami-Vice jackets will be going out by Tuesday. Tapes are going out. New material next week for Glenda. And all kinds of exciting things going on. Boy, what a day this is. Hotstroating in another one of those banner Fridays. And, uh, what we have done. And I don't know. Marlin always bites off more than he can choose, so to speak. And, um, what we have done is we've added the record that you were just speaking about the I-95, um, missfit. Well, I can't keep saying that word on the ear. He can say it in the song. We've added that to the end of the material that we've already been sending out. The other seven or eight songs be two to your shoe and the Michael Jackson glove and the other stuff that's on it. And, uh, we're adding that on. As like a little bonus. Today, this is part of our Friday sale. So if you want to send us a blanket set and a stamp self at rest envelope, we'll turn them over to Marlin Bailey. Part of the Ringling Brothers, Barton Bailey Circus. And, um, now isn't that incredible. Young woman wants to hear that record again. We just play it. You know, we're not going to start spreading those things all over town. And Mike Wolf wants to hear it again. And probably Glenda wants to hear it again. Other woman on O she wants to tape it. Well, we'll do that a little bit. Okay, a little bit later. We don't want to, you know, run it into the ground. Lunchtime with the moldies. He's talking again. Have you noticed that? Got a couple of positive calls this are. And the, you notice Kyle has no intention even thinking about opening that mic. But we do have this boo. Nah, let's not. Let's not get carried away. You'll have to wait a while. Okay, 29 past 11 and wins. I'm the Orojas. We warm up the chair for Stan Major every day. We used to warm it up for Daffy, but then she used to bring in convicts to try to sit in it. And we figured that guy a little disgusting right on the ear. So now we warm it up for Stan and he comes in here and cools it off. With those wonderful radio celebrities, the greats, the near grates, the hasbins and the never wass. And yesterday you had a couple from the latter category, Herman and McQueen. And, you know, the, you remember the guy called yesterday and he wanted, you know, he was strong enough to take a shot. And this guy doesn't even know what he's talking about about a sending somebody over to Waxy to apologize to Rick. He didn't even hear it. He didn't know what he was talking about. He read a couple of lines in the Harold, which of course instantly gives anybody misinformation. And then he said that I would an apology to Herman and McBeen. And when I asked why, well, Herman and McQueen and all that stuff. First of all, I think he was obviously one of their perfect listeners because he has no sense of humor like them. So he fit their show perfectly. Poor Latterdale, hello. Yes, Todd Neil, this is probably going to be one of those hystericals that seem to go nowhere. And most of our calls are esoteric and go nowhere. I want to have to support, but wait a month. Soon you have a full lot of Dylan. I got my convertible website with the top down and I want to be wet when I leave. I found you during the day because I was waiting for electric lunch to come on, you know. And I like to do with your rather than your soliciting night. When you talk about Miami Beach and all that. Oh yeah, well that's past day now. Is now the hip contemporary 1980s and your writers and I, I like it. Yeah, like the beaches hip and contemporary. Oh yeah, but actually it's thinking of some radio news. I know these are you not definitely on the top 10 now. A war time radio person. No question. I'm right up there with Ricky Tickey. I don't know. Anybody has a nerve to sort of like relate to me other relatives like you Uncle Ricky or you Because of Bruce Lee not those guys are out. I don't know. Well, let's not mention cousin Bruce Lee on this show, please. Okay, well, number nine. I don't like to say it's a still because you're accusing type of, I don't benevolent way of God having pork. Scoopy definitely up there. Scoopy because he's because he's soupy right? He's definitely on the top. I'm telling you you're really lumping me into a mung pile. I'll tell you that. Yes, you're like a mung see that. Yeah, exactly. He never came out of town. I mean, you know, you've been with Zachary already personally. You're a good place. Yeah. Yeah. Bruce Williams. You got to have them up there. Oh, yeah. Bruce is the best. What's doing? What's doing? Yes. He wants to be to have everyone. He makes a still like to part of the show. I'll taste your case because somebody has to do that type of stuff. You know, you little tip at the bottom of the nation. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Where I went yesterday was eyedland. Did I say eyedland? Eyedland. They're freaking out. I went to eyedland. Did I miss speak? Better write it on the log again. It was eyedland crossed out the first one, Kyle. Eyedland. It's an a corner of University in sunrise. And they were listening to waxy by the way a lot. I was getting my exam. So that was the one thing against them. But it was eyedland. And I'm really sorry if I didn't say eyedland. Did I? I love to tell you know, I guess. Did I really say that? Eyedland. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Well, I don't know if I'm sorry. You're not maybe eyedland. I was okay. But eyedland was great to me. I mean, within like a matter of moments they had these done. And I can see and it were real nice in there. Did it do you work? Huh? Didn't recognize. No, I think they did. Well, they must have. How else would they be listening today? They took my picture and everything for their, for their crap book. And it was great. Oh, okay. I was starting with the update because he's just, just, just, just, just, just. Yeah. Howard Stern, I refist all those grim Bruce Williams. What's doing? What's doing? Not at the doos day. But you know. I like Bruce. I will answer a question very intellectually. And then all of a sudden he'll lapse into that Brooklyn ease of his, you know, I don't understand that I've never been able to figure that out. What are you doing? You know, who should be up there that just doesn't get a chance to give this man a chance. Or any social, you know, like, oh, yeah, or any's up there. I mean, you know, he wants. He's in televeave today. And of course, the number one is exactly Dr. Demento. Yeah, he's the best. He's my favorite. All right. As a matter of, I guess the quote doesn't go nowhere. I guess it was right. Now you were right. It was esoteric and it didn't go anywhere. And we liked that. That's perfect for our show. Okay. Adios, are we with Durch? I land. And I said, I labed. Now my intentions were great. I wanted to give him a nice plug. Not, not they'd give me no discount. They give me no special favors. They did a great job. But I just figured I'd mention it. That's all. Despite of what our stuck in the mud program direct you. Thanks. There's nothing wrong. There's not not getting any pay off. So I don't get anything for free. And no, the only thing we get for free is once in a while. One of our groupies brings food in here the other day. Right? Like yesterday, Rich, show what's his name. Rich brought in all that pizza from Godfather's. And it was great. Okay. And I'm sure he paid for it. He brought it up here in Godfather's is sensational. I get nothing free there. In fact, there isn't one anywhere near where I live. But it was really good. And the fact that some of the Godfather's are going out of business is a monument to the bad taste of the people in this town. Seriously. I mean, that taco pizza they make is so good. It's enough to grow hair on your chest. Even if you're only about 10. Even if you're a young lady, it'll make hair grow on your chest. It was good. Trust me, and you wouldn't need any. You don't know what you're missing, but that's good because in my house we were very happy that Kyle didn't need any. Because that left a lot for us later in the day. And the Stan Major who's always so big into the Mexican food. I don't understand you, Stanley. He wouldn't touch it. Okay. Here comes another one of those poignant questions from Kyle's wicked pen. Do you want to mention anyone else? Well, not right now. Just leave the log alone for a little while. We actually got some business today, and you know, I land. Well, I did say it was at the corner of university in sunrise, didn't I? How can I be any more specific than that? They were great. And I'm sorry, Cheryl. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. I'll break the glasses now. Right on the year and I'll come and get some new ones. Okay. I'll make no. They're really great. You know what freaked me out? Is it usually when you're going to get new glasses and they put them on? And then they have to start adjusting and twisting nothing. And then they got to go and get them on my face. And they were perfect. And I could see which was a miracle. I was pretty ugly. But you know, I could see. And they fit fine and they don't weigh 80 pounds. They're comfortable. And they don't have those big ugly lenses like the ones I had before. They're disgusting. A goofy ones like Glenwers. But, uh, now they feel great. And I can see something. So when I come and buy my house on Tuesday, I'll be able to see very clearly who it is. And I'll write your initials right in my carpeting. Okay. So look out. Now that was the Herman and McBean fan club. There's no question about that. 65. See they gave it away with the number. 65. Or is that the average demographic that we used to have on the AM? One or the other? Okay. It's 11.36 at WI and Z. We have all kinds of things going on here today. We're not sure exactly what Pope's going to be stopping in a little later for another, uh, linguistic lesson. And we'll come back right after this. Start your weekend off right. Join Lori Shepherd Jim Looney and me Tom Gallagher for all the latest news. Fortes and weather information you'll need Saturday mornings 5 till 10 right here on with. Okay. He still can't get over the fact Glen that he lost that Saturday morning show. But hey, listen, those news people they wanted a little bit of their time back and I don't blame them. They deserved to have it. 22 before noon at WI and Z. And of course, the Supreme Court today said, You know, you cannot teach the little green grimmlins are the ones who created the world. Isn't that amazing? They're still hopeful for us. A seven to two vote against so-called creation science. By the Supreme Court. I wonder who the two were. Now we know the Supreme Court chief justice renquest must have been one of the two right? And who would have been the other one? Maybe Sandra Day O'Connor. She's trying to make, uh, eyes at Ronnie or something at this point. She's trying to make up for all the failures in the past. Or, oh yeah, just as Powell's. With those booming powers of his, yeah, that could have been a one. Or could have been, was your white? Don't forget about him. Good old, was your white? Never met a football he didn't like. Too many years without a helmet, was your way to, I tell you what's going to be exciting. When we have Jack Camp and Ed Mies and Gerald Ford sitting on the Supreme Court. That's when you know. It's really going to be good. Get all the extra sitting on the Supreme Court. Joe nameeth. You see him on the today show this morning's becoming an intellectual in middle age. Now he's really, he's really great. Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood? Oh, I can't believe that. Isn't that embarrassing? Boy, I think. Well, that opens up a line somewhere on the board now and Broward. And of course, if that line doesn't fill up rapidly, you know what that means, don't you? You know what that means? He's sitting right here in the chair. Just wait. Oh, it flashed quick. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm going vote on his grandchild singing. Okay. If the word is right, the person's calling the party just be sitting on the wood, oh, yes. Oh. And I don't think he belongs on your show. Yeah. Well, that's certainly something to think about. That's right. Okay. Thank you, sir. I think you may have been the deciding vote. Justice William Brennan said in writing the courts opinion that the law violated the first amendment by endorsing a particular religion. Now, that was the majority opinion. Now, see, you've got this backwards, Jeff. Justice Brennan wrote the majority opinion. But Justice Rangquist, Chief Justice Rangquist joined to the cent. So we still have to find out who the other one was. Who was one of the two who said, hey, that's okay to teach about, you know, fairy tales in school. Scalia? Good old Antonin Scalia, that Reagan appoints he isn't that wonderful. Well, at figures, next thing he and Mike Thompson will be voting with the Paul Cameron on the Supreme Court. We understand that Ronald Reagan before he leaves office if, uh, Thurgood Marshall or one of the others doesn't hang on. He might want to appoint Paul Cameron on the Supreme Court. That ought to be really good or Mike Thompson or maybe a need to bribe. North Miami Beach, hello. Right here. Yes, sir. I can't wait. Okay, Dr. Kronkite, at the Watt Munnest Institute, astraldicure for Tweetieberg, and they are just waiting for FDA approval. And that should come with the next 24 hours. Oh, boy. Oh, let Glenn leave. Rush it over here. Okay. On the serious side, let me ask you something. You're opinion on a scale of one to ten. How will you rate Jackie Mason's talent? Mine is, um, I don't like Jackie Mason. Really not. He's funny the first time. I agree. But after that boy, he does the same mistake. Oh, you're right. He's been doing it for 30 years. Yeah. When I was a little kid in 1956, we came to the Versailles hotel. We were staying at the Atlantic Towers. I came with my parents. I was 14 years old. And we saw Jackie Mason at the Versailles. Okay. And he was funny them. But he here at 31 years later, still doing the same mistake. Yeah. It's amazing. I want to be a big hit. I'm Broadway on Bull Labor Bull. I know. Well, it goes to show you. I mean, look at Oprah. She's making eight million a year. And she can't get her legs on tight. Are you right, yeah? Okay. You're doing a fantastic job. Love you. Have a lot of life. Okay, you too. Bye bye. Okay. Café con la te. Io and I con jovanni. Ellie, lo ascrito con una matita. Forming up for the Pope's visit. I see. We feel costed as. Say in Mar. Haven't seen each other this. For an deserven sort. And then interesting how the Pope's sidekick there are kind of switches from Italian into whatever that second language is. It would great the great authority is next something. Pretty interesting. Very fassal. Let's go to North Miami. Hello. Yeah, you gotta keep going with the hills. Over the hill. Yeah. Well, I could be worse. It could be under the hills, sir. Don't let it get away. I originally thought we'd to give you a stale yet. Isn't that something? Well, they never met a fassist. He didn't lie. You never met a fairy tale. He didn't lie. But for amazing. That the way that these two couple of those others. It didn't throw in a boat. Well, listen, you know, the embarrassment factor is so great that even they can handle that. You'll put now I suppose. Okay. Okay, you. I'll re-vadeurch. 16 till noon at W.I. and Zee Nearodges here with our silent sidekick today. It's been silenced. We have that gag order. In fact, the Sandy had that gag order yesterday. Do we still have that picture? Don't bring it out. I can't. I went to pieces. If we could have only shown that to the audience. They would have an nervous breakdown. All or today is Friday. So if we could get bring that gigantic perch back in here or whatever that was, it was unbelievable folks. Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. I just talked to you a while ago. My boyfriend called me and told me that Nearodges is not an asshole. I got to play that song. So I had to vote for him. Wait a minute. You didn't call me that in the first place. You said Glenn Hill was. Oh, excuse me. Glenn Hill. Oh, boy. Well, you guys are so confused. Yeah. So in other words, you want to retract that? No, no, no. My vote stands. Oh, your vote stands. I'm going to go for him. Wait, you're voting for what? From my boyfriend he called me. Glenn Hill was an asshole. Oh, okay. So is that two votes? Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Good one back. Okay. Okay. I have a little message because she's a new listener. Once a king always a king, but once a night's enough. That's the only take one call per show. Okay. So don't get away. We're delighted to hear from you. You sound like a real. You're still afraid train as they say on a rant. I'll show. But, okay, where do we go? We have an open line in day. We want to see those lines fill up very quickly. Or you know what the consequences are, right? That's the new name of our show, Truth or consequences. Speak up or you know what the penalty is. Miami here. Miami here. Okay. This is a Carroll City here. I want to make a vote for Glenn. Over and out. Yes. 95 song. But here we go. I want to make a vote for Glenn on 9.95 song. I need to know who did that record because I'm about to enter the needed of my group lives. Yeah, I think that would go over big in the bars. Yeah. I mean, now, well, I'm more country, you know. Yeah. My accent. But then I need to know who does it. I'll be honest with you. We're the, oh, we give it to Marlon. Well, I'll let you know on Monday. I can, I can order it, all right? Oh, yeah. It's on record. It's published. I get a hold of the 10. Okay. Okay. Bottom this great. I like to stop. I mean, that's only really good. Okay. Thank you. You got it. Bottom's up. Well, the. 14.4 noon at WI and C. Boy, the audience is mellowing out here in the first hour. We heard from some of the leftover malcontents from yesterday's Herman and McBean appearance on a stand major show. Do you know this stand was trolling at the end of the show? I just heard the last five minutes. I heard him in kind of like bits and pieces yesterday. I heard the last five minutes and stand was trolling for a date on the air. Now, I get accused of that by some of the homophobic lunatics in the audience and I have never made a date on the air. I've never met anybody through this program. They're doing a intent to however school is out today. If there's anybody of the legal age. Now, come on. Now, let's get serious. Okay. School is finally out though. Right? We've been, this is like Father's Day. We've been predicting it for three weeks. It's finally coming up this Sunday. And the problem in this town is everybody is so stupid. They don't even know when school is out. But I have a feeling in the paper this morning. It said school is out or some, some dumb thing like that. I have a question, by the way. Can anybody answer this question? You know these speed zones. Like we have one on the corner here. Okay. All right. Now, when, first of all, how are you supposed to know when school is out? Now, you do know on certain holidays like, you know, a tissue above that school is out. Socus. But, but, you know, how do you know for sure if school is out? They're still locked away at that school on the corner. They're still in school. So you better be careful on that speed zone. And I know that some of our wins in plays come barreling down that street about 80 through that 15 mile in our school zone. And, yes, some of our salespeople are in a hurry to go out to lunch. And it's just incredible. And my question is, now, there are some kids who go to summer school. Right? So how do we know for sure on which days we can, you know, drive like a bat out of hell in those areas. And which days we have to look out for the pigs waiting in the back, you know, with their radar. Yeah, driving right out what do you have to drive down the middle of the road on our street because they're dogs and kids lying on a, you know, a couple of years ago we got rid of that. I ran a campaign. You should see what it used to be like out here. All these little puppies and, uh, there were dogs making puppies and people making puppies in the middle of the road. It was, it was like a jungle out here in this street. I went nuts a couple nights and finally, you know, when we threatened to open up the wind's microwave, these people, no, seriously, dogs were getting hit out here was disgraceful. And they finally got all their animals off the street, dogs and otherwise. And things have been pretty quiet. But I noticed again, they're lapsing into the same old jazz again. And now we're starting to see little kids playing in the middle of the street and, um, horrible things going on out there. Of course, I think a few of those people, some of the Haitians who marched here on Saturday, are lost and are still out here in Carroll City. Let's go. No, I'm not touching that one, Carl. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes. Jim, uh, make her here this morning. How you doing? How you doing, Jim? Yeah. I've got to say something really plus. I know it's going to break your heart. This is by McQuig here. Jim, how you doing? It's my new hours. My new show at WLD. Listen, now, don't get heavy duty, but this is going to break your heart. But without that compound rebures, there will Mr. I95, you wouldn't be anything. I know. How did I ever survive 11 years without them? How did I ever get those big numbers out? I've got them. That's what I say. In fact, there are a lot of people in town praying about it. Anyway, I don't like his tape of laughter. I think his is real, you know, laughter. The Moucao laughter is the top of the mark first class. Yeah. Neil, hey, I have a good vacation when you go, but. Thank you. We'll see you later. Adios. Okay, there he goes. That was a bomb a quag who's going to be doing mid days in IOD. It's 10 till noon at WI and Z. We have an open line in Broward and let's say, you know what I'm saying? 5249, 400, let's see if flash real quick or you know the consequences. In fact, now we have another one. Uh-oh. We have another one in Broward. Of course, that may be a little more than they can handle. Two open lines in Broward. Okay. How long should we give him? It's 29 seconds after. Give him about 15 seconds. Oh boy, took about 2 1 1 2 2. Look at that. Okay, it's pretty obvious that, well, that was not a legitimate call. It's flashing again. Kyle is answering the phone. We'll give a little play by play on this. Putting it on hold, putting the phone back in a cradle. And we can all rest easy again for another couple of minutes. Okay, let's take our last break of the arm. We'll come back and see what the verdict is. Okay, no way. I mean, I'm going to find the right sound effects because we have a major announcement coming up here in just a moment. Okay, now that. That was recorded yesterday at a very important radio meeting in town. And here all of radio, well, not just gossip because it usually turns out to be true on this show. If you want to open that very carefully for a limited time only, Kyle's checking is watch checking the, he's got one of those not second hands, but like hundreds of a second. Now we want you to understand that we're not putting this creature on the ear here to participate in the show. But he just is bringing more news. We want to recap to his old role on gloves 94 hours. Well, gossip editor or whatever it was that they called him. Yeah. Got some better to do that. Okay, let's set this up now. Okay, that was taped at 441 yesterday at a very important meeting at WNWS. And we always like to report on these important radio meetings. Exactly. We gave you first the new lineup of WS News before it happened. Yeah. We gave you the departure of Mike Miller before it happened on the air. We told you that Sandy was in in limbo and litigation. All came to limbo rock with Mike Anthony. And then the amazing how it all came through. Just hallucinating here, but our hallucinations seem to come true. They denied it and denied it and denied it. And sooner or later it happened. Bingo. La Bamba as Richie Vailons would have said. You could be here to sing the voice today. Maybe we could get the Shirley McClain to get Richie Vailons to sing a little later in the show. And the big bumper to do a little chantilly lace for Mike Thompson. Yeah. Okay, so anyway, they had this very major meeting over at WS News. And the consultants were there and all the other guns and mockers. The big shots. Theroy Dennis Collins, the big guy and we follow calls him. The big guy. Mm-hmm. That's so big. I've seen it. And what else? Well, you heard the show that Alice did a couple of weeks ago where he was complaining about Mike Thompson. You know, was advocating that Jay's eye. Yeah, that AIDS victim should have a tattoo. Yeah. So when you play you meth buckley, let's say a friom routine. Put an A on there arm or something. Yeah. And this really upset. Maybe we got to put an A on one of Mike Thompson terms and H on the other arm because There's certainly those are the two appropriate initials. That's an interesting. A H could be. Yeah. Pass on one arm and hold on the other. Or could be eight off on one arm and who knows what it might be on the other arm, right? Himmler. Just a coincidence it might be humble. Yeah. Oh, there you go. And thought about that. No, you haven't thought about that. Anyway, you know, you heard the show and I heard the show and if you were writing the whole off, we're out was very upset that Mike advocated this and and Al called him a Nazi on the air many times, right? So Mike is very upset that I'll did that. Yeah. And he burst in to the meeting. Okay. End of the meeting. Kind of like a German shepherd in the heat. Yeah. German shepherd. Yes. And they were screaming at each other about this. Yeah. That's what I hear. So I don't know. Al course was talking about this on the area yesterday. So this is no secret really. They're fighting cats and dogs if you're putting that expression. Yeah. To the nail. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, Mike didn't know it. But our wind's news team never to be outdone had a little hidden microphone in that meeting. Yeah. And when Mike burst in the middle of that meeting, we have some of his interpret remarks. I'm quite sorry. We feel costed this. Same mark. Haven't seen each other this. For an examinator. So there's just a little recording from yesterday's big powo or bowo is the case. I believe over at the W. snooze man. I'm telling you, this market is just to go in a hell and a hand basket in it. Okay, shut his mic off immediately. Okay. We're almost at the end of this hour. Let's get a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. You all know that you have songs that indicate the bye-bye bunney, the Michael Jackson song. I think we should have a song in the memory of the bye-bye the Mike Miller. I can't be trails or you know, usually creativity. What do you think? I think that's a great idea. Yeah, we'd only fair like you said. More. Wait a minute. I had a great idea. Maybe we could have a short song that relates to Mike's ratings. Okay. Well, you know, should I give you a little sample? Maybe something like this. I think that fits. I think so or perhaps something a little bit more peppy or happy trail or maybe we could get peppy fields to record it. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, you're the mic, you're the mic's row. So I'll let you work on that. Okay. We'll do it. We'll put our ears together. I and also what do you think your big baseball fish is not all right? Yeah. Don't you think that major leagues recycle the same old talent over and over again? Over and over again. Well, what don't you think that's the same Dean talk radio? Yeah, in this market you bet. Well, that's why I'm glad that this bob McQuig is getting a shot. He ought to be a breather fresh air. Okay. Good buddy. It's the end of the hour. We're going to pause. Make way for Michael Wolf now, who's sitting there in Amazement waiting for his favorite record, which is coming up right after the news. And then we'll come back and continue our little countdown. And we do have one open line in Broward, which I don't want to threaten the audience. Five, two, four, ninety, four, hundred or else. We make it our business to keep business people up on business. 94 news wins. W-I-N-Z Miami fourth-lutteredale. Now you've all got new news. The Neil Rogers show continues on W-I-N-Z. If you'd like to participate on today's program, you can call Neil on 624-9400 in date, or 524-9400 in Broward, and now here again, Neil Rogers. And now, a continues, Neil Rogers music suite. One song it arose. Three minutes of continuous music. A 94-W-I-N-Z. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. So I wrote a song about them instead. It goes like this. Or you more, or you're an asshole. Or did you work at it your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A.S.S.A. show Ellie. And don't keep trying to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole the rest of your life. I was talking to your mother just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you know that you're whole life. And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Where you born and asshole, or did you work at it your whole life? Either way, work not fine, because you're an asshole. And that's the whole night. Okay, we have a special dedication on that from my wife and all the people in the newsroom. They want to dedicate that to all the people who call the newsroom. We want to speak to me, complain about me. All the people who call Kyle and give messages off the year. All the people who call a programming office with complaints and a glory of brown. So that's, you know, lumping all the good stuff in together. Okay, let's go back to the calls and all lines are lit up, which is a very promising sign. Otherwise, you know what? Pompano, hello. Uh-oh, oh, oh, somebody disappeared for lunch in Pompano. They're out to lunch in Pompano again. Fort Latterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I'm glad to say that I'm none of the above. Okay. Uh, this is a lecture on an Spaniard. Um, let's see. Uh, it's silly. Compto. Hill. Loma. Glenn Hill. Compto. Loma. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'm sorry, he has a new name. Now, I like Glenn. Compto. Loma. Compto. You know, as in high-o silver, Compto. I was thinking, Tom, I'd be a little better. Oh, all right. Well, whatever it is, too. Yeah. Tom, to Loma. But I like Glenn in person. It's a cat-al-box. And, and box is top. In C.A.J. Not like that man's daughter at the other day. Yeah, right. Like, I really know what I'm talking about here. Mm-hmm. You and me both. Um, I have my burlets, Spanish, Dick and Harry and Fermi. Um, but, I know, I really like Glenn. I think he is nice and I think it's nice to have some. Lovity and some silly people and not be serious and these people that take all those nonsense. So serious. Yeah, just a radio show and some of these people I have an nervous breakdown about all of them. I know. I know. Well, so what if he does come in here and cackle and make a fool of himself, right? Well, alienate my whole audience. I mean, you know, what's the big deal? I don't think he alienates you. Could be worse, they could be listening to Ron Sachs. Do you know that I finally turned to him in because I, you're the only show I listened to? After you've looked, the radio goes up. And I've heard you talk about him so much. I finally turned over and out to that station. How did you like him? Oh, my God. I don't know how you say nasal in a spun yoke. That, oh, this man is not to be believed. And I know I have an nasal playing from the middle west. I mean, I feel like. Yeah, but there's a reason for it. What? You know why he sounds like that? I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated. That's the answer to the whole Ron Sachs problem. Don't see ballroom. Tell you one thing, if he ever has a good BM and we're all in a lot of trouble. It sounds like water crunkight. Oh, please let me know so that I can move town. All right, my love. Thank you for playing that up until it's on again. Oh, did you enjoy that, too? Yeah, of course. I hated it. I'm going to take that with me. Yeah, that's moving up to charge. It's number three with a bullet already. I would think so. I don't even think it well with the bullet. I'm just not going to say anything. Okay. Okay. All right, thank you. Okay, see you later. Bye bye. I started late. 1214, the W.I. and Z. There's an open line in Broward, 524, 9400, and the O'Range is with us. We warm up the chair for a stand major. Who'll be along from 2 to 6. This afternoon stands going to have some out of work plumbers today. A Bernard Barker Barker and what was the other guy's name, Martina? Some of us stands favorites, probably a Gordon Lidio B. stopping by. Some of us stands favorite plumbers. Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Do I remember? Yeah, I'm the one who had with Chacha Alicia. Oh, yeah. Buenos dias. Thank you. And I told you when I spoke to you last week, and I had a horse running Wednesday. And you, if you were shop would have been looking to the same owners in the same train. Well, I wasn't out there Wednesday, so hard sharp. I went. I just went. In the morning. So, when I was in the house of the day, the horse was the one to one to ten to race. Oh, no. It only paid $37 a horse. No. It was only a $415 dollar dollar dollar dollar dollar. Oh, you bet. Yeah, well that's not much. Seriously, I don't know. Well, you get to be a couple of thousand. And then I get nervous, and then that guy called yesterday and gave us a nice name. And you had to tip by understand in the same race. So horse by name was sub-sink, he'd, the favorite. What if the $2 to $2 to $2 to $1 in the same race as mine? So maybe time to have the idea of tipping you on the worst. Oh, was yesterday we had the tip. In the 10th race. You had a tip when you think. Oh, did we? The 10th race. Somebody called you. Oh, yeah. Well, we had another one in the 10th race yesterday and he was a desperate third. Oh, I know it was Charlie. How's he run? You got it. Well, what can you do? I already had my winner with Charlie Hussey this year. I'm not going to press my lock. What? I said I already had my winner with Charlie Hussey this year. I'm not pressing my lock. We've been lucky. We've, he's wrote, you know, for us the two times we won't have this one. He won't. But anyway. I know. We last coming in the stretch and won by five lints. Boy. Step and white. Can you imagine if Mike Gonzalez would have wrote a me to one by forty lanks? You right your own song? Do I write my own songs? No. You right off an unfortunate song. The song that I hear that you're playing like the last one. Asked her. I had a very good beat. It's easy to dance to I gave it a no.