I can't believe this. Speak to me. Are you going to be there? No. No. Oh, I called last week and asked you to take it to know about the restoration. Oh, you know, I'm not some nor. I like to show. I just, my mom wouldn't let me get take it. I sure hope it's your phone that's messed up because for the level on this call, how is this possible again? We locked the door. It's that Peter bulgeer he keeps coming in here and when he comes in here, everybody comes in here. I'm practically yelling. I know we're supposed to be doing a talk show and your level is like almost disappeared. They got the RF out all right, but they got the level out too. Now they're on night pattern. That RF does it. Oh, that's right. You're right. So they didn't even accomplish that. They just knocked the level down and nothing. Are you depressed about that, sir? Yeah, I am. Okay. Do you play on your Roger to these? Yes, I will. Now, what did you say? You said you won the South Florida Mass Division contest? Is that what you said? No, I said I called about that. Well, what do you have to do to enter? No, I don't think we want to know the answer. It's after six a.m. All right. Okay. But you keep working on it. You know that old saying, don't you? Right. Practice makes perfect. Exactly the one. A very bright young man. Have a nice day, okay? Okay. Oh, but a good call to start off with, unfortunately, the level was disastrously low and one gets the sinking feeling that the technical incompetence of the Zeta 4 engineering staff is beginning to surface to rear its ugly head once again, ladies and gentlemen. He was amazingly awake. Well, that's because he's been busy. It's 11 past six on Zeta 4. Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that isn't till just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Unbelievable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami-Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Harald. Oh, now that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Harald sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue hair don't bags from femoral pines. You know, the young fence was like, oh, no. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bag boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In credible Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, police help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got, I'm not. A nine. What's the father got? Three points, I think? Send your tax to Dr. McConshibutions today. If you care of hot 105, terminal. Unbelievable. You know, this is the only station in America really on FM. I would think we're actually somebody would call in like that and ask you to do something and you would do it. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody else does know. They pretend that they don't even stand doesn't do it. Just what he feels like. Yeah, which is very, really because he's easily in such a slowly nasty mood. So I stopped by to say hi yesterday and you know, like you said, we do what we can and that was fun. And I meant to tell him if he hadn't given those you two tickets to some Twinkie, he would have them and he's still what are you looking for? I'm not looking for anything. Can I handle it over here? I seem to be in full control. I've done it. I'm wide awake. Every thing seems fine this morning. I'm listening. I can walk and chew gum at the same time. Oh, I didn't know. You said a little distract. No, I'm not at least because there was something on your mind. Well, there is something on my mind. We have a topic for the show today, which is very rare. We usually don't do that. Okay. We do have a couple of deadlines open. We haven't even given the damn numbers yet. 620 3600 and date. That's 620 3600 and and Brownard 779 3600. We do have a topic in it. Now, this is a good topic. You remember by roommate Dave? You remember him vaguely? Well, he asked me a question last night when it came home from work. And I think it's a pretty interesting question. And I'm not certainly not the one to answer it for him. It's a little out of my league. He said, where does someone my age? He's 18. So where does someone meet young ladies here? In other words, if you're out of school, where does one go to meet attractive young ladies who are interested in friendship and whatever else? You know, goes along with question. That is a tough question. I can't see that's the one thing. I like what I did that dating show about five years ago for a year and was very successful in my 37 couples. It was amazing the number of young people in the 18 to 25 age category because you think those people wouldn't need to call a dating show. But this area is a tough town for people of any age to meet. I'm not talking about some bimble, but I'm talking about somebody with the have and not you at least bigger than Gary Lawrence, you know, more than three. Are you following that so far? Yes, I heard what you said. Just a joke. Gary is just fine, okay? Or is a size six? Single A. It's very difficult. It is. So maybe the audience can give us some answers or maybe even some young ladies who aren't already see. It seems like all the attractive bright young ladies are already taken. Oh, yeah. Doesn't it seem that way? Like there's a dire shortage of them. But they are there. They are around. Yeah. And we need to, but to rate them out. We need to find out where they are. We need to get them up to the melting pot and curl springs so that when they go to work, similar young ladies will come in and introduce themselves. I mean, here we're talking about a very nice looking, right, articulate young man, right? Yeah, but I thought this was a general thing, like ideas of where you could meet members of the officers. It is. I'm not trolling for Dave. If that, well, maybe we might be. If he gets desperate enough. And that's not the point. The point is that it's a general question. Okay. Are you getting defensive again? That is also something wrong. Wanting some clarification. Ruffled your feathers? Well, just sailed it like when you said, you know, we need to get them up. I bet you joys got playing this. I like her a lot, but maybe sure. Okay, I bet you never thought you'd hear DD sharp this morning on Zeta 4, did you? When you woke up, of course not. And maybe we'll play Max Potatoes little later on. I heard that on tragic the other day. Did you? Yes. I must confess. They play good music. They really do. We shouldn't say that about any other FM station because we're not supposed to promote the competition, but we don't BS you on this station. But what else? They do play good music. You don't have to start racking on them. I just because they've got some of those guys like Eric Brandon on the area. You know, that's right. Right. He's my favorite. Yeah, me too. Yeah. I like that sincere approach. And your buddy Joe Johnson's out over there. Joe's a good guy. Yeah, and Linda works there. Linda's important. Anybody else? I mean, like are we giving the whole lineup? A lot of people we know when I was 27. Well, a lot of people I know work at the power list 96 also. Really? Well, we're going to be calling them a little bit later on this morning. And hopefully we're going to get a better reception that we did yesterday. Oh, rough day or I mean, rough day on the full gesture. Yeah. And then of course, the reception we got from Mitch up at Infinity Broadcasting in New York sitting there somewhere close to the Howard sperm show. I mean, come on, Mitch. Cut us a break. Would you please? That would like a typical New Yorker to me. Get real. What? Yeah. I know, but it it runs off from Howard though, because Howard is really a jerk. And, uh, no, as much as I like a show, he's a goofball. And he does it. It's like it's him. He's the whole world. He's the whole broadcast industry and his mom. Oh, yeah. And nobody needs anybody else. What are you here out there? What is that? They've rustling around rustling that we hear. That's he he does have an attitude that everybody is talking about him in the business. And like nobody else needs to be on the air. But Howard right. And this is part just pretty interesting because outside of New York and Philly, nobody can hear how right. So it's a vast wasteland out there again. But he does think that. And that is part of the attitude we got from Mitch. I think that's true. Yeah. That of course we were calling up to. So about meeting these young ladies soon. Soon. Soon. We're young. And members of the opera. We're going to talk. It's right. Why of the opposite sex? Are you discriminating now? No, but you know what? Why can't it be of the same sex? It can't be. Why couldn't it be Jeff Striker at Windixie? Well, good luck to you. I know I need it. In fact, some of the bagboot. I got to tell you a horrible story. This is terrible to say. By the way, I want to say good morning. I doubt that they're listening. But the two guys who are costed me yesterday at Wright A. That the pharmacy when I was getting my prescriptions refill. Nice guys. Although one of them has like this obsession with Joey hates him. But it doesn't stop talking about him. And I worry about people like that. Yeah. Because if he doesn't like his show, he ought to just listen here and quit listening to Joey like everybody else has. But anyway, in my windixie, I was in our few days ago. And there was like a 92 year old guy is a bag boy. Have you wanted to have before? Not in my windixie. I think there's a dangerous trend starting that trend began a couple of years ago with older people. And the rumor is that Sunny Rosenberg is seriously considering running his mirror plantation. So the median demographic may be zooming any moment up in my neck of the woods. I can't I cannot deal and this poor guy was just like trembling. Yeah. In fact, maybe we ought to play silences golden by the tremolo and honor in honor of this bag boy. Because I mean, he was such a bag boy. Like he wouldn't believe he could barely lift the bag. Couldn't get the groceries in the sack. I don't think bag and I think when you can't get it in the sack anymore, that's the time to hang it up. All right, 620 now it's day to 4. Now you know ABC TV newsman Sam Doble. Oh, one of my least favorites. Yeah, what a jerky. He's been known to get a little active once in a while. But White House denogger for Deborah Bird has refused to comment on a New York number of who are Deborah Bird has refused to comment on a post report that Donaldson bit her hand as she walked by him in a corridor breaking the skin into places. Here's the Beatles and I want to bite your hand on Zeta 4. Paper also says the rabid newsman bit White House Stafford Joan troops from another occasion. Now we know why they talk about Sam's biting comments. Deborah says to her chronic will gives us no words on whether he was foaming at the mouth as usual. Oh, all right, Toronto singer actress Vivian Willis pleaded guilty to attempted extortion for having sex with a 72 year old man. She met in a bar while a company a company photograph an accompanying photographer. Let me a company. I love this reading. This is like the old times. Now a photographer with a round right. This is 620 news is a trip a photographer with her photograph the action and then demanded $1,500 or else should show the photos around 770 to be the role that a painter to show them around. But this guy was more modest. He went with police or corporal. He's drooling again. He's dribbling. He was fired in jail. Is that your Larry Bird in the patient when you start dribbling over the place? Mostly sunny. I have 72 today alone the mid-fifth. It's 57. Unzative for 622. The following monthly paid an offer based on 60 month commercial lease with a minimum of 1 third down for one year. Dealer participation may affect savings. Cut your car payments in half. Come to be a Toyota at Expressway Toyota. 50% off your car payments. On selected new Toyota's or no money down or $3,000 holiday cash back. Be used to Toyota. This weekend only at Expressway Toyota. Party has started. The food is being served. Music is playing under the tent. This weekend at Expressway Toyota. Pay us a visit and we'll pay half your monthly payments. New Toyota cars. Regularly $200 a month. Half off. Just $100 a month. Toyota trucks and vans. Regularly $180 a month. Half off. Just $90 a month. Be used to Toyota. This weekend only at Expressway Toyota. On Flagler Street. One block west of the Palmetto. Across from midway mall. 50% off your monthly payments. Expressway Toyota. Okay, it's 23 past 6 on say to four here on a Thursday morning and this is the big day with YouTube concert and getting a real now getting serious. We will be broadcasting live from the orange bull from the bull. And of course, there are a lot of people on this station who have been broadcasting from the bull. And you can tell just by listening to their shows. Okay, now we actually are going to play a little to you too. Later in the show, we don't want to overdo it because somebody we all know and love on the AM is obsessed with you too. And we played it the day you were out here. Couple of thirds was the last third. Played to you to cut the other. In fact, we'll play that again today because that's really that's the definitive current cut from the Joshua tree right? I still haven't found. Yeah, what I'm looking for. Which brings us back to Windix again. Oh, yeah. And you were starting to say before you said, we're really interrupting yourself with that overwhelming newscast. About there ought to be some way for people to find other people. And I public says those things on is it Tuesday nights? I don't know, but they think it was nice to kind of close where you know, single people are supposed to come in and browse through the meat department. Yes. And the fresh fruit and whatever else they can get their paws on. And evidently, it seems to work out okay. I just have a feel now who just came in and dimmed their lights. What the hell was that? Is that Peter Bolger? Sneaking in? Yeah, see, he dimmed the lights. Do you believe that? Look at that. It's a little signal. I can't believe it. He just, and why is he got that GTR bumper sticker on his car as much? He tried to tell us something. He is out of his mind. Is that him? No. Oh, it's not. It's somebody else in his space. Yes. Terrific. Okay. Or something really strange going on ladies and gentlemen, and we'll let you know in a few minutes if it's time to call a police. Yeah. 625, get your specimen jars ready and let's take another call. I'm the reason I'm not like rushing to the phone is because the level on it first call or was so frightening that I don't want to get to that Chris. Chris? Yeah. Why totally predosed assistant? Chris never parks there. Chris always like parks over on the side. And Chris never comes in at the shower the morning. I think you're dreaming. Howard County. Hello. Hello. I know that you're there. Trust me. But they're not going to speak to us. Okay. Whatever you want. Howard. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First time I was able to get through. Boy, must have been thank goodness that first call must have his phone must have been on the floor or something. I was my level. Your levels are great. I'm not the yellow. I'm not screaming. Now they're perfect, sir. Oh, great. At plus year delay is working fine. Great. Got to listen to you on a phone. Listen to how the radio is really confusing. I called to say there are a lot of people get up a lot of pretty early in the morning. I was up since five, five this morning and four or four years before. Are you in a what do you do? You work in early shifts somewhere? No, I would do work for the Southern Bell. All for a Southern Bell. Oh, you're out. Say, well, that's good. I'd be sick too. If I worked for Southern Bell. I'd have a guilty conscience. No, I'm not guilty. I can't move my back too well. It went out. Really? Yes. And I hope my girlfriend get ready for her to go to work. She has to be at work at six. Uh, how what does she do? She's an operator. Southern Bell. Huh, kind of like an incestuous relationship, isn't it? Oh, beautiful. So in other words, if you meet somebody on the job, that's a real good way to meet somebody, right? Oh, you can. Yeah. And a lot of people got married to Southern Bell meeting each other. Hmm. So in other words, like reach out and touch someone should be our slogan for the show today. Yeah, I keep trying, but they keep moving faster than I do. Well, I want to request it as possible. Yeah, I'm sure I knew that you were going to ask for something. I just had that feeling in my bone. Oh, okay. Don't let me after you played out of the song today with all we call it. We're about six 10. Six 10. Oh, that's W. I. O. D. Sir. No, no, no, no. Do we not want to hear that baby Neil? Baby Neil. Yeah, that's a biggie. What are my favorites, baby Neil? Yeah. I call it little Neil. Do you really? Little Neil. That's what I call it, little Neil. You know, some of us have payings. And I do mean little. Okay, listen, we'll get on a little bit. Okay. The great show. I enjoy it. Thank you so much. Oh, my god. Listener. First uncle. Okay. Keep punching those buttons. Sir. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Well, it's very reassuring to notice that the levels on these other calls are okay with that first caller. Of course that the phone was probably on the floor because he was busy. Yeah, you're probably right. Yeah. And he was practicing for that tournament that he's going to be entering. 27 past six on Zeta on a Thursday morning and boy, the tension is really building isn't it? You can just feel the tension. You can almost cut it with a knife. Or what? As the YouTube concert approaches. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's nice that they're here and all of that, but I get the feeling that some people get a little carried away with these events over react. Yeah, precisely. That was a good word over react. Get the hysterical, the pandemonium breaks loose, etc. Yeah. How much you want about? We aren't going to hear from any young ladies out there. Any eligible young ladies because we'd be wanting to say phone numbers. We would of course. Probably come home. Precious few. I would guess. Precious and few by climax. That's coming up next time. By the way, we ought to take a look at the playlist. Shouldn't we before we take any calls? Captain Dave has got home. I think I haven't seen hide their hair at him. Let's see. You got the doors. That was correct. Hello, I love you. I'm no angel by Greg Alman. I like that. Bitch by the Rolling Stones. Definitely not going to play pitch. Yeah, that black magic woman by Santana. Now see that's another thing on a station. They are Santana out. Man, I'm telling you. Those two Santana records black magic woman and the evil ways. Yeah, and that's man over. And over and over again. Valerie by Stevie Windwood. See now that's that's playable. Even though we play it a lot because it's at least somebody today wants to hear it again. Behind Blue Eyes by who? That's pretty good. Spanish eyes by you too. We got all eyes songs today. Dr. My Eyes by Jackson Brown. Yeah, for what it's worth by Buffalo Springfield, which is ridiculous. I mean, it's a great record, but she's why does he keep coming back to that? It's not the kind of record you play a lot. No. Oh, are we talking about music again? Should I apologize for that? You see, let me say something Stan. I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about, okay? And as I look at the phone, every line is either lit or flashing. Okay? So they're all lit up like a Hanukkah bush. And it's 630 in the morning, okay? We have a lot of excuses. We could say, well, we've got reasons why people aren't calling it's too early, but they are calling. Yeah, they don't even have anything to give away. Wow. It's in the way you use Eric Clapton. I saw her standing there by the Beatles. You belong to the city by Glenn Fry, levelified away by yes, which I think we've, it's a good record, but I think we've beaten that into the ground. Under my thumb by the stones and don't do me like that by Tom Petty. There are some stuff in there that you might think. I've seen worse, music. Yeah, that's true. This is not the all-time worse. Well, certainly is not the all-time best. Right. Is it Peter? 630 on the nose on Zeta 4. And let's continue punching your buttons as they say on the dying AAM up at the other end of the building. I don't want to say that the AAM is dying, but I did see that Florida Mortuary was up there taking measurements. Yes, today of the building of the studios. I'm serious. I do like those commercials. They run though for funeral homes. Yeah, I like that. Well, right back to back with the arthritis spot. But this is a little something for our friends on AAM. We don't want them to get upset. Okay, let's take another call from date County. Hello. Are the old rotors? Yes. Pardon to the latest birch survey. You're not doing too well. Well, you know something the latest birch survey only covers September October, you know, and it covers like the first to the 15th of October. And we weren't even on the air then, okay? You jackass? Sound like Joey's younger brother. Did they say about 65? According to the birch. Even if we were doing well in the birch, we would laugh at it anyway. Okay? You idiot. Birch and drinking too much birch beer. Thanks for going to get upset about the birch. That'll be the day. Well, hey, get it said. Like back in the spring when I had a nine in the arbitron and birch gave me a two something. Yeah, that's birch. That's Tom Birch, man. He picks the numbers out of a hat. You're not doing too well. But you're listening. I just found his monitoring, I guess. Another one of those. 631 on the floor. Yeah, those monitors ran. It's like when you were in school, didn't they have monitors in the hall? It's the same principle. Principal. Yeah. As in the school. A couple of deadlines opened 620 3600. The good news is Captain Davis returned with his hurricane shirt. I'd be embarrassed to wear that. You know, all of that's a baseball shirt. So that's okay because I love the hurricane baseball team. I thought it was something about storms or something. Yeah, you wouldn't. Mr. Sports over here. Okay, where should we go next? Captain, David. I guess the one line that's on hold would be a good idea. That's in Broward. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Yeah. One thing about that playlist. It's the same on every radio station down in this area. And that's why we don't play any of it. It's the music. It's the pets. I know it. Listen to your friends, Greg and Donald the other day, and they're playing this Elton John song. It's out about Marilyn Monroe. Oh, yeah. There's a remake of an older song. And to the songs over, they start to tell everybody about all the other great songs on the album and a yellow brick road. And they're both naming all these songs that are great songs, but then they don't play them. Yeah. Could be playing good songs, but they're not. Well, that's what an interesting thing about this market. Most of the stations, as you say, they talk about the great records, but they never play them. There's a station in San Francisco that plays, you know, different songs instead of all the lead songs on the albums. They play like a cutter to their, you know, back on the album. Yeah, obscure cuts. Kind of like we do, yeah. I can see here as thrilled as I am today about the Zeta Live broadcast from the Orangeville. Well, I'm thrilled. I don't think is the word. I think I am waiting with great anticipation. You know, like Carly Simon, I'm wondering if they're going to get on the air, what it's going to sound like, etc. It'll probably sound like six million other cliches that you've heard. I can't wait to hear Jean Cashman. This plastic talk about how great Bono is, or if Genesis was here, he could still in the blink and put how great Phil Collins was, or David Dolly, I mean, her. She is so plastic, it's unbelievable. Well, of course, it's hard to grow here on plastic. You do understand that. So there is a little contradiction there. What's the chances of staying major doing a live remote from there? Well, he ought to. He's so obsessed with you too. I think they're close second to Don Johnson and it is heart right now. In fact, they may have passed it. So that would be a good point. At least he'd have some live people over there as opposed to in his studio where he can't get arrested these days. If you see, did he get his YouTube tickets? I don't know. That's so popular over there with YouTube tickets is more than I can handle. I think if he sees you two today, it'll be the first time he ever sees you two. He talks about him like there is zero. Yeah, when I'm afraid. Oh, yeah. When he's trying to, you know, he's trying to relive a second childhood. In wait to see a 52-year-old man, M and that the, at the orange. Well, maybe they get joy over there too. They give a 72-year-old man jam. I was thinking to stay and I got a present from him yesterday. I got my Pope. Was it the Pope tour, T-shirt? Yeah, well, how come you're ripping him if you got something for free from him? That's kind of a sorrow attitude, isn't it? I guess you're right. Yeah. I apologize. No, no, no. Well, at least take it back. Yes, what I'm eating right now. And it's not pornographic. What a secret. But she's burger. Wrong. What is it? EJ cinnamon. Oh boy. They're the best. They're just too good to be true. We're ended up in the microwave and it is great. Okay, nothing like warming it up into microwave. That's what I always said. Have a great day. Okay, you two. He said it again. 635 on Zeta Fort. What the hell are you doing this morning? Do you have me just like, uh, let's play the laundry by Dia? The man is just totally out of control today. He is nowhere to be found. Is one him? That's somebody. Arthur Sonny Rosenberg. That's him. What about him? Somebody said, who the hell cares? He wrote a thing to action line in the hair old and we got to go through a whole big deal. Four years ago, I paid $7,000 to have my bathroom completely redone. A plumber says a new ball cock will fix it. Oh, what? Geez. I got some great lines for that, if anybody I know needs something. What is a how would you define a ball cock? In other words, he's missing parts. What he's trying to say for the bathroom. This is Arthur J. Sonny Rosenberg and Helen Vale. I wrote three times and didn't get a reply. That's something when you're the mayor of a city of Helen and you got to write the action line about your ball cock in your toilet. Oh, G sonny. He's all class. Is any? Six thirty six on Zeta 4. Let's see. That's another break. We just skip right on through and keep going. And we have an open line in day that six two oh 36 hundred. How much you want to bet nobody responds to our subject today? Why should this show be to any different from any other day? Monash Tana Hala Haze is this. Why is this what I always say? Any different from any other morning? Right. Yes. That is a expression from a say to I think. Why should today be any? I think. What are you now becoming a Jewish expert too? Because you got that stupid book. He's a sports expert this morning. He's an expert on Judaism. Next thing you'll be surpassing Rosta. It's the kosher bird in his gentleman. Hey. This morning is impersonating an empire kosher chicken. Where's it? Tap on. Oh yeah. You're the bad dude. Okay, do the nerd with eating sharp. Very possible. I could be breaking some new grounds soon on Zeta 4. That could hit the top 10 by the end of the show. That's pretty good. I like Diti sharp a lot. First doesn't fit with this format. That's why you're playing it. That's exactly why we're playing it. Try to break this format up a little bit. Broward County good morning. Hello. What do we got? Another stiff on a phone and Broward? He has not wear the hell of a seat. I'm in serious jail. Yes, speak to me. How you doing? Okay. First time calling to talk on your subject. Okay. Yeah. I was thinking maybe Stanley could buy the house. But you're saving WCF. What does that have to do with our subject sir? 22 before 7 on Zeta 4. Show is very confusing. Yeah, it really is. And especially when we keep looking in that control room and a man is out of control, I'm getting choked up just thinking about it. What is he doing this morning? You're going to have to ask him. You cannot find this man anywhere. Like what if we wanted to play a record right now? Just for example. Oh, well you wouldn't be able to guess I would have to go running in there and play it. Good luck on that. I'd like to see you. You're running that board. There he is. Oh, there's Captain Dave. I remember him. He used to work on the morning show on Zeta. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry for what the hell are you doing? He's phones are flashing and taking care of his. This I know. Here's BTO on Zeta 4. Get on him. Okay. Let's try another one. Dave County. Hello. Okay. Listen, tell us a hand if you want some in me two tickets. Yep. They're opening X for you two. B2 you two. Yeah. And R2 D2 will be closing it. Okay. That's right. Anyway, remember that song behind Blue Eyes? Yes, I do. By the who? Remember the album cover that it was on? Is Colue's next? No, I don't remember them. Like can't either. I mean, I'm sure if I saw that would recognize it, but I'm not going to lie to you and say, Oh, yeah. No, I don't. It doesn't ring any bells with me. I'll give you an idea. Because you know me, I know nothing about music. It's a big wall and there's four guys walking away from it. And it seems to be something on the wall. And that's why it was called who's next. Hmm. I don't need to graphic on this station. I see. Isn't the handwriting on the wall? I see. I got it. I'm here in a record store. It's very popular album. Still around. I mean, when I look at covers. Okay. Well, maybe we can get like a scratchy copy of the record. And instead of playing it off CD, we can play the record. That sounds good. Because I hear a lot of scratchy music on FM and this market lately. I mean, really scratchy. I heard a new rumors going out Sergio Pereira thought he was exonerated. Yep. And I heard to the great find that after the first year, they're going to try to get him again. That's pretty exciting. Yeah. You're exonerated and then they come back and get you. Hmm. Well, he's going to have Alex Trebek is going to come to Miami. We're going to play double jeopardy. Have a nice day. All right. He's doing how to judge for a few. Okay. Well, boy. 19 till 7 6 41 in the magic city. It sure is. Make sure be. And we have a couple of open lines. Now boys and girls won an each county in day 6 to 0 3600. And in Broward 7 7 9 3600, we're asking for in fact, line six. It says here has some good trolling spots. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. My name is Wolfie Wolfie. Wolfie. Yes. I love your restaurant. I'm in on a what you're serving was about to take him people up. I'd not write in say, pick in people up by seeing people meeting people. Let's try to get inject a little class in the show. Okay. All right. Well, that's a story. I don't know if you can save this on the road. Came out and I met a young lady on the side of the road pushing a baby carriage on the side of the road. That's pushing a baby carriage. I felt really sorry for an update to up and on behold, I'm going married to ladies. Isn't that great? It sure is. I got really lucky. I've been going to bars. I've been going to other places going to public. You never can find anybody good. Yeah. I was found on the side of the road on the side of the road. Man, I'm going to start checking the side of the road from now. You know, can't tell what you might find. You'd be right. Yeah, it's true. What's your life pickup? That's what my physician said. I hope she's watching close. All right. Thanks a lot. You have a good day. Remember, Wolfie. Okay. Wolfie. All right. You'll be good now. You hear? Good old Wolfie. Yeah. Always good to hear from him. Six 42 on Z4 and these calls today, man, are really this is what we were looking for. I mean, you two doesn't know what they're talking about. When they say we still have and found what we're looking for, speak for yourselves guys, because we found it right here on Z4. We have two open lines in Broward 779, 3600. And while we're waiting for the audience to re-digit into the show, big time. Now we're going to get a rude. We're going to get hung up on him. Oh, I know. They're going to get he's going to get you watch. That one's busy. Okay. You're going to call on the, uh, right in the loop line. Great. The loop warm line. That's what they used to say on flipper. They used to have a line called the loop line. You remember, Luke, Calvin, don't say I can't believe you brought flipper up. Why not? Well, it is, I'm not sure we bring up anything we can. It's true. And why do I have all these numbers like in my pocket? I've got all these ridiculous hours number. Here's Howard Stern's number. Maro Lynch's number. And here's, uh, oh, here's where they got my CD player. They're working on it. They be working on it. And hopefully someday I'll get it back. Uh-huh. Or if not, I have the name of the place where they be working on it. Was this a bona fide building where you dropped it on? It was a house. They came and got it out of your car. I don't have that number that you gave me. Had it yesterday. Where did I have it? I don't remember what it is. You know the, uh, the, uh, loop warm line number, Captain Dave. I don't remember it. Here it is. Great. I see, I see bird scrunching. So I know it's your right. I knew you would throw that away. Okay. Here we go. No way. They're probably pretty busy because those lines, they must be, oh, you know why it's super star Thursday. That's right. Oh boy. They're going to hang up on us. I don't see it. I think the word has come down from above that, uh, you know, John Moran. John Moran has found a zoo maybe. Yeah. It's given an edict. A dragon down there. They're busy. Are they losing all my stuff out of my water? Hello, don't hang up the phone. Come on. Be a sport. Who's the super star today? Come on, guys. Can't talk to you. What is it? You're on the air by the way? Are they going to hang up the phone? I think they did. Yeah, I already hung up. They hung it up very quietly. While you were talking. Oh, there it goes. They hung up the phone. But they were laughing. But you were right. I told you, oh, I knew we'd get hung up on. Because he's got no, I can't say, I know balls. He's like, uh, gotless all of a sudden. Did I say to him yesterday? He should really make a cause of this. He's getting a lot of free publicity and there's absolutely no reason why we can't all be friends. In fact, I was thinking of asking Donald to cut a new cart to replace. It's a good time for good taste. That's getting old. Where he just said, hi, Neil. Bye, boy. Oh, that would be great. Oh, that would be a classic. We'd play it over and over again and you've full credit. We're credit is due. They won't do it. Now, of course, they won't do it. They won't even speak to us on the phone. We're competition. Yeah. We're a hot competition. And of course, that shows you how paranoid. Oh, they are gloves, 94. If you listen to that show lately, you've got they have good reason to be. Now, that paranoid would not be the accurate. Parenthood means fear that is unjustified. You're right. So that is not the right word at all. You think management is bad here and you do have some good points. I think the phrase that we might use is they are scared, blankless. Yeah. At least Gary Lawrence's jovial and trivial guy. The management here is a series. It's a breeze compared to the management of that. Oh, yeah. No Gary is a good guy. He's, you know, not to bright, but he's a good guy. I like him personally. I do like him a lot. He just might his own business and keep his hands on his show. No, he said yesterday his matter. When I came into sign all his important documents, he said that everywhere he goes, that people are talking about the show and everything is great and wonderful and all of that stuff. Same with where I everywhere I get nervous when he says that because then I know we're doing something very wrong. When he says, and he got to talk about Hallendale, why can't you just be general? Why do you have to be? When he says something like that, then I know that's the time to really tear into it. Well, just keep with your continuing philosophy that you have used successfully for you. Listen to management and do the opposite of what they say in your Bounda 6. These guys, you just tried to talk to didn't they used to have like a bit they used to mention you on the area every day at 855 the old Rogers theater. Big Neo Rogers theater and we'll see then I was on AM. Same. That's the different times. But now that we're on FM and in the same times slot, they are parent. No, they're not paranoid. They're scared. Blankless. Yeah. Bleakless. Yeah. I close 94. I think you're absolutely accurate. Well, I have no show to be honest with you. They have absolutely no show at all. Not non radio people have told me that because I've never heard it. I think I've heard like just a couple of stuff. There's nothing there. There's no show. Yeah. And he plays like that three studious thing over and over and over again and it was probably funny the first 400 times. He has the worst sidekick in not a radio in the history of the hearing race. Yeah. Radio is the worst sidekick in the history of the hearing race. That's the greatest tonto. Even the caveman had to go right. Okay. You got it. Even the Greeks had better side man has a perfect last name. Yeah. agony. I it does put me into agony when I hear that voice. But I'm not going to play the cart. I'm tempted to but I'm not going to do it. I'm hurt. My feelings are wounded. I call them an act of we extended the hand of friendship and they chopped it off. And how's John more on going to know? Well, he'll hear it on this air. Yeah. What's that? Well, I'm sure he listens. He's monitoring us all you bet. Okay. If there are any people in the business who are monitoring us, give us a call. Okay. Well, even give you our Luke line. I don't have any idea what the number is in. Why don't we go back to that yesterday? We were talking about that. The fact that we have a hot line. Yeah. On Zeta and we don't even know it. Nor do we have it on the phone. And we used to have a warmalar. And if at goofball, Peter Bulger is listening, what's the story on that? Pete, don't we have a right to know the hot line number and how come it's not on this phone? It is. It's right here. On your phone, not in here. We can't punch it up on the air. Oh, I thought you were with a number. How come Chris parked in that spot? Do you think there's any particular reason for it? Is that an omen? Do you what he's doing? He's outworked. That's the van. You see the van? That's the van that's going to the YouTube concert. What do you mean that's the van? Looks like his card. I mean, no, no, over here. Oh, he can't see. See the big van. Oh, yeah. Well, it's not really big anymore. It's like a win a bago. You mean it go getting maybe you could do like an on the spot interview? What did you say? Did you make an anti-attagion slur only moments ago? I said it. It's like a win a bago. I can't believe you said that. Call now and win a day go. Is that like a, you know? Is that like maybe maybe we could have him wander around the building for the rest of the morning? You know, he's at least he's not dangerous when he's doing that. I'm Sicily and I can say that. There's Sicily? Okay, here's Simon and Garfunkel and Cecilia. I'm say the four. I just, uh, that's like that movie you were reviewing. What was it? What movie? The Sicilian? What old are you out of? Oh, yeah. The Sicilian. No, I call it that. It wasn't even Philicum. The silicon. Yeah. It was about, uh, high tech in California. The valley. Yeah. Oh, geez. Okay. Let's do the news here, huh? Nothing. Okay. Pressing nothing too heavy. Oh, bro. Don't panic because it'll be over before you know it. That's right. 10 us seven now on Z4 from 9 to 11 Tuesday night NBC's broadcast of the presidential debates Hallied a nine rating of the team shared. Now that is less than Tom Brokaw's exclusive interview with Sobie leader Miguel Gorbachev on Monday. Yeah. Miguel. Yeah. He's a, that Spanish Russian guy. Yeah. How do you say it? Missile. Mikha. I can't say I can't. It's like, it's, but I can't. Anyway, ABC won that time slot with Moonlight again 30 something. They got a 29 share. CBS is Jake in the fat man and the law and Harry McGraw got a 22 share and again the presidential debates got a 15 share. Now tonight fans will get their emotional fill with the first of a two-partner marking not landings 200th episode. I can't wait for that. We've always set our plots are not close to reality, but our reactions to those plots are as close as possible. That's David Jacobs, the show's creator and director of this two-partner. They're going to be shooting Dona Mills through plutonium on the show tonight. When tragedy strikes whether a puzzling murder or a devastating drug problem, all the characters get involved in the trauma, they talk about it over late night leftovers or lamented when they run in each other at the grocery store and unlike on dynasty or falkin crest, knots, he is not going to bore you according to the creator. So that's it tonight, big night tonight, because it really is. Pat Peterson going to be on the show tonight. Doesn't say, but I'm sure he will. Well, and it will be a big night tonight. Okay, and it's going to be a late because there's an interview with President Reagan. So you may want to get your take machine roll in tonight. Mostly sunny today, high of 72 mid-50s again tonight and currently 57 on Zeta 4. We're coming up on 652. Neil wakes me up in the morning. Neil wakes me up with a smile. With a smile there. Drink my coffee, munching on Madonna. We'll see what we're on the door. Get ready to go to school with Neil. We'll say to all the dial. Time to work in my world with a doll. Neil wakes me up with a say to all my dial. We'll see what's going on. Neil wakes me up with a smile. Neil wakes me up with a smile. Neil wakes me up with a smile. Neil wakes me up with a smile. 655 on Zeta 4 in Thursday morning and let's continue with those callsmen because they've been so good so far that it's almost indescribable. Dave County, hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Listen, I heard that your owners can it. Are running space on their tower to radio stations that are making you suck last place. Why? What is that? What are you talking about? Are you going to line your small audience? Oh, here we go. This is the same car we had before from Joey's shop. Yeah. And on and on and on he goes and where he stops nobody. Are you the monitor sirs at it? That's what happens when he listen to Joey folks. He'll become totally psychotic. What was what did he say? He was talking about the fact that again that we rent space on again at tower to stations that put us in the last place or something like that. This is the same guy who called me for about the numbers. He did the point is there really are no numbers yet. Now he's not chewing on his nails. He's probably practicing for that same tournament that our first call is practicing for. Let's go to, uh, let's see, date County. Hello. Yeah. Okay. Oh, man, the levels on his phone. So I just absolutely horrible. Yeah, go ahead. Well, yeah, but not well. I think that guy just before me was very ill. Yeah. But, uh, while he's probably Joey's brother. The attitude, um, I hear that, um, all three of the networks ABC and BC and CBS are, uh, buying for, uh, Gwen Hills, uh, news. Well, NBC has got the, uh, they have the inside track because the peacock has little connection. Yeah. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. He was good. Yeah. He probably met her at the blue light sale. Yeah. Wolf, Wolfie, it came art. Mm-hmm. Oh, the blue, the blue light sale. Yeah. I know. I know. I think it was at the red lights. Oh, the red lights. Yeah. I think you got to confuse. I mean, one of the aisles. Yeah. Boy, is this guy? I mean, did anybody ever tell you you've got like a real boring voice? No. Well, I'm telling you. I mean, I mean, I'll like terminal, uh, terminal, terminal, no, terminal, boring. Oh, if you, uh, if you would play the, um, uh, the song, uh, be true to your baby. Okay. If we have time, okay. It's an overpeat. There's this, not a request. There's this audience, man. They're picking up where the AM audience left out. Let's off there or whatever. Whatever. It's he wandering again. It's time for the idea. And I have no idea where the hell he is or what he is doing. He is just incorrigible today. I have no idea what the hell, in fact, in the middle of the spot break, there was a spot playing and he was out of there again. He's running back and forth and you know, whatever it is, he's putting together a better be a word when I tell you that. There he is. Oh, here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Say the way this show runs is basically when he's good and ready, that's when we do whatever's coming up next. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Gloves means never having to say you're sorry. That's what Greg and Donald said when they hung up on us only moments ago. I just, I didn't bring any food with me and I'm a little horrible. Can you believe that they had the unmitigated gall to hang up? Yeah. You said they would. In other words, they think that we're going to stop calling. We will call them air-free. There. But we still got the nervous laughter. Oh yeah. Very nervous. As in scared, bleepless. Yeah. Are we going to do the idea? Are you going to stand there with your stupid suspenders on pondering? Now, you know why he wears suspenders lately, don't you? Oh, they're not suspenders. What are those? Oh, they are suspenders. Oh, I disagree. I'm doing like old works suspenders. My roommate from England calls these braces. The program director occasionally wears suspenders. Okay. Races. That's what they call them. Making sense. Okay. There goes the Zeta van man. That really looks hot. Doesn't it? Both of them. Both fans. We have two of them. Yeah. We have the Zeta van and they have the special YouTube fan. The Zeta motor home. The motor home. What? I'm impressed. Yeah. This is really big. And are we sending these a motor boat out there too? I don't know about that. Really? But this is the lesson about that the better. I think. Okay. We're going to do the damn idea already or watch. It's 701 already. It's a pre-U2 concert Christmas countdown. No repeat. Get ready for the weekend Thursday. On WZTA Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale and the Palm Beach is Zeta 4 and the Neil Rogers show. All right. Now do you think it was worth it? All that time that he's been spending running around this morning. You think that was worth the time and effort? That took like 30 seconds to do. I see. Well stay tuned and we'll find out what else he's been doing this morning. Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240, the new GBA. Here again, America's youngest talk show host, six year old Neil Rogers. Okay. I guess for Don's Mayo and their sport minutes left in the hour. Let's take some calls. All in. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How's it going? Great. That's good. Listen, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. All the good old DNC. We're in abortion that people is. Then I asked how many other people did like why? And they said, no, my business. Yeah, well they're real nice of there. Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a fun American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Come on. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. Neil, you're a stinky pink old glutinous, and bad water at a panzy. Great call. This is the day so far. Do you say panzy? I wouldn't think it off. What a mung brain. I run my bike through the melts every Saturday to the list show. And this guy called me named. She my new sister. She my new. But the way have you seen some of those bag boys at the Nlampe? No, what are you? Kathleen about egg. This is my son. A million producers. The world in space. Stick me in here with an egg. Shit is my car. Send the castle. Hello. How are you? You're your stubby such a nice boy. How am I your fat terrible? Yeah, but you can't share it off. You can't share it off. I don't need this. It offers from other stations, a cavea, almyra, Fredoia. But instead I stay here and entertain you, grow test. Subtune, doodabag. Unbelievable. To me, but hello. Hello. Is this Neil Rogers? What kind of phone are you on sir? How fat again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh wow. No, I had to put it to the operator. Who? Well, let's look into that. Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't anymore. He's a daughter-in-law man. The claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, shut up. And you're pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait, Tony hatches. Oh, boy. Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell. Bye, hold on. Neil Rogers, the rock and roll monster. Okay, now listen. Listen carefully. You're those tones? Okay, just where adjusting our ears ladies and gentlemen, listening to the 400-cycle tone. Oh, listen to that one. That's my favorite. Real high-pictone. That means it's almost time for the Sandy Peyton show. When you hear that tone. 705 on Zeta 4, are there any radio listings? I think the Harold is like going out of the radio listing business. Now that they didn't replace Linda X Thornton and they have no radio columnist. And it seems like the radio listings are rapidly disappearing to it. It could be because you're reading him on a year and making a mockery of them. You think that's possible? No. Okay. Al-Rantel 3. P.M. Drunk, driving attorney Richard Esson. Oh, John G. He's not again. Will debate Bill Dodd. Oh, about DUI laws. Now listen to Jerry Wichner, nine o'clock night, WNWS. Eric Einstein and Joan Karen whale trainers from the Miami Sea Aquarium. That ought to be very such show. I can't wait to hear it. Maybe Luke Helpin will be on that show. You think flipper will show up? I wonder if anybody knows his flipper still alive. Wouldn't that be a good trivia question? I'll flipper his dead. How do you know that? Because I used to know someone who actually worked at the Sequoia years ago. Why did you say it would such Gly and Joy? Oh, if there is dead. I thought it was, you know, there were several flippers. It's sort of like lasted. I mean, there's some other dolphins that we'd like to see, you know, take a long sea ice. Right. Or a hike. But the real, the original flipper is dead. You didn't know that? And Luke Helpin is still alive, though, right? I hate to be on that. And into him on a set last summer. No, a dumb Delaware's move. Doing what? One of the people. One of the extras. Yeah. Okay, seven o'clock. Let's do the weather and get that done. Because this hour we actually have a few things to do. Not a whole lot, but we got a few things to do here. All right, mostly sunny high 72 today. Loaded light back into the mid 50s and it's 57 degrees at Zeta 4, 707. Ever since the collection opened a discount jeep store, they've outsold every Jeep dealer in Florida. In fact, many months, the Jeep Eagle collection outsold every Jeep dealer in Miami put together. Holy Cherokee's that man. How does the collection do it? Quite simply Robin. Trice. All we do is discount jeep. Save up to $4,000 on jeeps. $4,000. All we do is discount jeeps. Order a new 1988 Cherokee from 99.99. Because all we do is discount jeep. Cherokee. 99.99. The Jeep Eagle collection. 158 at US 1. At the Jeep Eagle collection, all we do is discount jeep. You can bet your mudflaps. We'll beat any deal. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. It's seven o'clock on Zeta 4 now. Wait till you hear this call, we're going to make. You are just been a freak out. I'm ready. I'm ready. Sorry for what? Look at this movie that opens tomorrow. Deathro game show. Boy like that. Yeah. They says shop totaled in the host once you two die laughing. Okay, now you think they're going to get upset when we tell them if they're on the air? Oh, well they, oh, they're going to get you don't know who I'm calling. Oh, do you? You're not really. Yes, I am. Let me buckle my seat belt. This ought to be a great call if they ever pick it up. Is this the hotline or the Luke line? I didn't say. I thought he said hot hot hot hot. How hot? How hot is it? It's so hot that they can't even touch the phone. Are you going to they won't pick it up? Hello. Oh, who is this? This is Neil Rogers bill? You're on the air on ZF4. Yeah, you're on the air right now. Bill, so watch yourself. What happened? Did he hang up? Yes, he did. He hung up. Oh, that was called waiting. That was it. How can you have? How can you have call waiting in a race? What are you doing, Joey? Yeah, there's another show going hang out of second. Okay, it's probably Greg. Call, wait. What are these guys doing? Probably probably taping this now. Somebody probably knew you were calling. No, they didn't. Why do you think they're monitoring us? What did you do? Put us on hold? Yeah. I mean, this is a big time radio show. We don't have time to put on hold. They're not on hold. Are we on the air? We want cheap functions. Okay, do you really? Who is this? Joey? How are you doing? How are you doing? Joey? They said you were going on you said, well, oh, baby. Guy's darn. Did you see the thing? They're putting me on the air and it's thing, are you? You're on the air right now, Joey? Come on, you know. Why are you making us out of the enemies when we're so much alike? We could have been clones. I know it. Well, listen, you're not my type, Joey. Come on. Did you see the article on Joey? Joey, will you listen to me for a second, please? Well, let me ask you one question. Okay. I love a joy. I love being close to you. Did they make you take that ass off on us? Yes, they did. Why? Well, because the corporate people are assholes and they, you know, we're taking it personally. They took my arm too yesterday. Did they really? Yes, they put in the shirt and they wanted to put it down saying anymore. Wait a minute, ladies and gentlemen, here's a major bullet in Joey lost his asshole yesterday on she. I can't. They were still with me. Yes, and the manager meeting said, oh, they're going to cut us into one. Well, I'll tell you those radio management people, but they're all, they're all cut out of the same mold, aren't they? Yeah, Neil, I love you. There's only one person in town who feels terrible about your move. And who's that, Joey? And Major, he lost his act. I know, what is he going to get an act? What's his story anyway? The shadow. I mean, everything you do is done. I'll wait. What is he trying to exclude? Yesterday, he got a great idea. Said he's going to start opening his mail right here. Now, wonder where he got that idea? No, but the publicity photos are out of you. Just dead the lecturers. I think they were attracted. By the way, Joey, we got a call from Stan Roberts on the other line now. Stan Roberts. Ha ha ha ha. Call my old buddies now. I know. I'm going to throw names at you. Boy, in Tom Shannon's waiting to his matter friend. Let's plug that guy who wrote the article about us in the South Florida magazine. That's what I was trying to say when you kept interrupting me, Joey. His name is Logan. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. I'm a pretty guy. I am the new. Yeah, you really are. You're pretty good. I kept it pretty good, haven't I? As a matter of fact, I want to tell you something, Joey. I got your, you know, on your, uh, mortgage application. Yeah, thanks for reading it on the area. It's just a little bit. I didn't give the address though. I couldn't have done a lot worse. But anyway, I've got your address. And I'm going to tell you, I'm going to come over in the hangout a while, you know? Come on over. I love you. The Joey has a new answer. 20th, don't read the hangout. Neil. Ha ha ha ha. I think I look at the nine's here on an AM station as a hero in my book. You're like, say Thomas Aquarius. You got no problem with me. Exactly. I always knew you were a good guy, Joey. I love you. I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. I was a good call. He was real nice. That was an excellent call. That was an award winning call. Joey, you're okay. We're not going to plug those other fakers from now on. We're called Joey every morning. At least he's cordial. Yeah. I mean, see, he understands it's just a radio show. He doesn't really bear any personal animosity toward us. I don't know. Do we bear any personal animosity toward him? Of course. Well, no, we don't. I haven't even met Joey. I've been eating this. When I was a little kid growing up, I was a little kid growing up. I used to hear Joey on the air. And here's about 40. Yeah. That's his math lesson. Right. And I always admired him and just worship the ground that he spat on, you know? That was a 180 degree turn from the other folks. I know. Well, first about a half an hour ago, if you're getting up a little late this morning, folks. We called as we always do our good friends. We thought our good friend Greg and Donald former. And they were hostile and then they hung up. They did the nervous laughter surface again, but they were very hostile. And all of a sudden, bingo, that we were gone. And I said, you know, that really hurts my feeling. So somebody gave us the she hotline. And I thought, let's give it a shot. Because I know that Joey being the old pro. And I, old is the definitive word that he is that we'd have a good time. And we did. He actually got a couple of lines in there. We got a couple of shots and it was great. Now isn't it a thrill to talk to someone who you like sort of worship when you were a child when I was a little kid growing up. Kind of a mentor. He was a role model to me. Yeah. Yeah. And when he got kind and heart for it, he was a role model. And that's just a joke, Joey. It's just a joke. He's a good guy. Yes. Why you wish? Sure. Nice on the phone. Yeah. We talked about Logan maybe. And the article in South Florida. By the way, it's the December issue of South Florida magazine for those of you groupies out there. And it's on page 44. And the article is called Talking Heds. New Rogers and Joey Reynolds invade FM radio. And we were just on together. We just made radio history. That's right. That's right. All right. And Greg could have done. Yeah. Greg, we could have done the same thing with Greg. Every day in the show. In fact, last week, it seemed like we were having a pretty good time. And they were yucking it up. But that's it. We're finished with them. We got a new. What do you think Gary Lawrence must think about? Oh, my God. Because we weren't on the air with him. I know. He must be playing a record. Because we were not on their air. But I don't care about that. That doesn't phase me. Is that bother you? Well, or you got to think about that one for a while. Well, I was just a game. We're not always doing like, where do we find the young ladies for some of our friends? And that was an, it's obviously so difficult that nobody's responded to a credible response. Oh, I know it. The phones are smoking. I was still thinking about Gary Lawrence's reaction to putting you probably smoking right now after hearing the call. Yeah. I was thinking that if he had any problems like Captain Dave head last week, that they're all sobbed now. That's what in other words, it's a moving experience. I think that's what I'm trying to say. Would you agree with that? I would think so. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, he's probably doing the Green Apple Quicks step even as we speak. I know this gets him nuts. 715 on Zeta 4, the only station in America where we call the competition and put them on the air. Because we're not insecure here. We're not paranoid. We're not insecure. And we know that when the results come in from the outlying districts from Okatobi and I'm Machili from Kielargo and all those other wonderful places that we will prevail again. Yeah. That's not going to take it a while. But we'll do okay. Yeah. I think so. I think we'll be fine. We'll be just fine as they say in the Avery. We do however have a couple of deadlines that are suspiciously open that are vacant on the lines. 620 3600. 620 3600 if there's anybody else that's got the inside line at any of the other states. We got to get Tanners line too. Because Tanners would not get paranoid. Tanners a great guy. And a good friend. I meant to call him. I just can't you look forgot about it. It's look your uh, huh. Okay. Let's go to a Broward County. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? I'm how are you? What's wrong? What? What? They clearly strung made me the post-to-bole, who did? Ridley's. Ridley's. The origin of the 1988 post-to-bole calendar. Yeah. Do you see food gum? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. They wanted me to pick my favorite so that pretty where you pose with me big boy. Oh, I would love to. I would be flattered. I'll tell you if you were cool. Give me a ring. Okay. I brought a child. Ha ha ha ha. That was a good call. I like that. Yeah. I think that's how it like Donald didn't it? A little. Okay. A lot now that you mentioned. And he did say boy boy. Ha ha. A Broward County. Hello. Hi. My name's Lisa. Yes, Lisa. Yeah. I'm Wolfie's girl. And I just want to call out and tell him that I love him. If he's listening and I'm a real lucky person. Well, now maybe you can fill us in on that story, Lisa, because we're story- It's not at all a little bit peculiar to me. You know what I'm saying? Yes. That was going to a real hard time in my race. I just got my car accident. That was on the road waiting for the bus and used the bus with my baby ears to go pick up my kids. And Wolfie went by. Don't sorry for me and turned around and came back. And I got in and something told me it was all right. Hmm. Ever since it's been too long. Fantastic. That's great. Yeah. I'm a real lucky person. I just want to call him up and tell him I love him. Well, this is wonderful. And in other words, you both listen to the show every day. Yes, we do. I used to listen to 104 waxing. Oh, no. He changed. Well, I want to explore. Yeah. Yeah. I've got these waxing seats. Oh, yeah. Every day. So I'm a peaceful listener now. Great. Wow. That's a great story. And it's good hearing from you, Lisa. You too. Thank you very much. Have a good day. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. She said that to us. It said a lot though. Waxie 104. Yeah. You know what 104 is. That's life. Oh, it is. Yeah. Lifeless. Mm-hmm. Newmore O'O'No. In South Florida. That's because we've got so many brings dead people here. What the hell was that? That was Captain David's wife. That was his wife. That was his wife. That's their frequency. Isn't it? That was his big contribution to the show. Was that feedback that you just heard? What are their frequency candidates? I don't know where they are on the dime. I work there for a while, but I don't know what it is. No, no, thank you. Work there, but you don't know where they are on the dime. It's one of four. Speaking of not knowing where they are on the dime, here comes our program director who couldn't get arrested if his life depended on it. There he is. Peter Bulger with the elites. What is with the headlights today? Is that mean something? It's not foggy. Yeah, you said for you too? Yeah, must be. Oh, I see. Of course, ten o'clock, Gons is going to be trying to broadcast live from the orange brine to broadcast. Well, let's not get carried away. What Peter's here early has got, does he have a tie on today or is it a spender sweater? A sweater? Yeah, cardigan. Oh, cardigan, sweater. Oh, boy, I'm so impressed. Wow. But he's here pretty early today because there's a lot of pressure and a lot of tensions. He were taking it very lightly and have a kind of a flip attitude toward the whole thing. But I got news for you, man. There's big pressure for this. You two thing become off right now. Oh, he's been given away all those damn tickets. Right. And, you know, majors have been having an interest break down. Now, Joey did have a good point and stands a good friend of mine and I would never never say anything seriously. It's all said like tongue and cheek. But he does not have a show anymore because I'm not over there. And yesterday he was, you remember when he was begging, you were in there. When I called he was begging for the new Elvis bit, Christmas time with Elvis. I didn't get it begging. I shamelessly like a child. And he had done junior on again yesterday. Guess what they were talking about. I can't imagine. How many guesses do I get? 720. This is data four and a publicist for Madonna says the singer's marriage to actor Sean Pin is definitely on the rocks. But she says divorce papers have not yet been served. New York Daily News reporter Liz Smith reported last week that Pin had told friends that Madonna had served him with papers and had thrown him out of the couple's home on Thanksgiving Eve. Publices Liz Rosenberg says the papers haven't been served yet. But we'll probably be forthcoming. You know something just dawned on me. What's that? You know how Joey was so friendly. He was he was tinkling all over me in about getting a nine share of the year and this market. You were a hero to him. Yeah, he worships the ground. And I guess he also saw the most recent numbers too. And Ohio liquor law that forbids using Santa Claus to promote alcohol as taking a bite out of an anhyzer bush beer campaign featuring Spuds McKinsey in Santa Garb. The Ohio Department of Liquor Control gave an hyzer bush until today to remove but light beer cartons bearing pictures of the bull terrier adorned in a red cap jacket and mittens. Okay, today is Firlan Husky's birthday. Firlan Husky since he's gone. He is 60. Remember that? Are we going to play that this hour on a bed just for? Yeah, Firlan Husker. Andy Williams is 59 today and one of your idols in life, John Luke Gadar, the famous movie director, oh sure. Is 57. Oh, I like Andy Williams. Mm-hmm. As he made a lot of money and he disappeared. And he comes on every year with his Christmas special. And that's it. And the rest of the time he's busy with his mother. And he leaves us alone and he's letting other people make some money. And we like that. Yeah, just like Lucy. Yeah. Mostly sunny today. Hi, a 72. Like Bob Hope. Yeah. Let it light mid 50s. 57 on Zeta 4, 722. 724 on Zeta 4. This buddy nevins continues to be one of America's great unsung comedians. You know that? Seriously, there are a lot of people like Buddy Hackett. They would talk about if you mentioned Buddy. They would never think of Buddy Nevins. But this guy's got a sense of humor that is unbelievable. And in the slum Sentinel today on page, uh, whatever it is. And a front of the Metro section section B is this article, which we are going to talk about the scenario because, well, yes, we could, but there's no point in getting into it. But, uh, you know how much indecency goes on in this show. It's usually from the engineering department. But anyway, and then of course there's, they always got to get a quote from Steve. I love that. Steve says, I've never heard of anything like this agreement. It really puts Neil on the spot to control himself. Yeah, just when the book comes out, Steve, try to control yourself. Okay. And then it goes on. And here's my favorite part of the article, which, uh, our illustrious program director just handed us. Now listen to this carefully. See, because Buddy Nevins called me yesterday and I've learned. I don't return his calls. Okay. I don't want anything to do with him. He's a mug brain. He's an idiot. He manufactures news that doesn't exist. And of course, all of these myriad of investigations that are going on of this show, you know. There ought to be an investigation of you, buddy. Like, where the hell did you come from? Talk about picking somebody up on the side of the street? Yeah. Near Kmart, I think during the whole night's say. It says, quote, in the past several weeks, station managers have ordered Rogers to drop comedy routines, containing sexual material and play more rock music. The talk show host has conceded while on the air. You haven't played one record today. We haven't played any music today. Do the bird by DDD. Yeah. DD sharp was as close as we came to playing a record. We will play a U2 little later to pacify management. But that's probably going to be about it. And as far as all the stuff that we dropped, now we did drop a penis envy. Right? That's how they were. Bob Gilbert's and can't relate to it. But, or maybe he can relate to it. Maybe that's what the problem was up in Portland. I've got another you stop in the gun about it. That could be the problem. I know. Maybe he has Michael J. Fox disease. I always thought it was weird that a man had. That is? No. It's like kind of like a smooth spot. And I'm sorry. I just had always thought it was weird that a man had penis envy. I just found that. Well, that's that Bob Gilbert's in for you. But anyway, that was a one at the. And then Joey admitted that they took his asshole ruck it away from him yesterday. Yesterday it was pulled. Yeah. So to speak. And so you know, so what's the big deal? But like we're going to clean up our act. And you know, buddy, I'm telling you, you just manufacturer crap out of thin air. Out of his little brain there. Now where did he get this that man had to play more rock music? Where did he get this? And no why he thinks that because like the debut four things giving. We played a lot of music. And thanksgiving day. We played almost all music. And I said we were going to do that. Right. That was your decision. Yeah. And we did it because we felt like it. Not because we had any edict to play a lot of music. You jackass. Buddy Neven's okay. Well, everybody in the audience. No, seriously, I want everybody in the audience to call buddy Neven's at the Miami Bureau of the Sun Sentinel. Maybe we'll get that number a little later. Okay. And the asking what his story is, you know, what his problem is. He keeps making things up. This whole paper is like that. Well, no, well, they don't have room for a lot of news because they have all that advertising. Don't ever believe anything you read in the Sun Sentinel. Okay, now what time does that spot run the captain day? Okay, 27 past seven. You do realize there an advertiser on this show. You do understand that. I know. And what did you just say that you like the paper a lot? Yeah, I love it. Okay, I thought you said we read it first. Oh, here you go. I mean, we can really afford. Okay, where are we going next? So we can shut him up. I did one one. Yeah, yes, sir. No, I didn't on the hold. But 45 minutes. Well, I'm sorry about that. You don't get emotional. Well, I know. Listen, I just got, I just wanted to death my plane a little bit. I know a subject matter that's been trouble me for a couple days now. Okay. Uh, listen. I want to know how come out of the three ALR station? Yes, sir. You guys classify yourself as playing rock and roll. Okay. What do you all consider rock and roll? Well, that and I see you asked the wrong guy that because that really gets me very irritated. I don't want to get irritated. No, no, listen, listen to me. You're not letting me finish. You're not getting me irritated. It irritates me that these kids today think that they have the corner on what they call rock and roll. So for example, when she went AOR some years ago, that was supposed to be, in fact, you've seen a, but their bumper sticker still says she is only rock and roll or whatever the hell says or she used to be only rock and roll. Right. You know, that's the definitive rock and roll to them. To me, rock and roll can be Elvis Presley and, uh, uh, Fats Domenoe and Bill Haley. Right. Rock and roll is like anything since 1954 that isn't like, uh, you know, Barbara Streisand and Neil Diamond. What about that song? Uh, these guys play, uh, I got my mind set on you. Now that's really stupid song. No, it's not a stupid song. It's a great record. It's a good record, but the song really. What would you just said is blasphemous, sir? That's one of the greatest records in the history of music. Okay. Well, I mean, I want to know something. The lyrics aren't all like great, but it's just, it's an infectious record. It's great. It's a fun record. It sounds like the old days. It's for the people who want to reminisce about, oh, can you remember that, too? No, it's not. No, they play it on MTV. Yeah, what's wrong with that? TV8, nothing either, but listen, I'm not. Wait, wait a minute, Mr. Mr. Musical expert, since you're the definitive expert on rock and roll, why don't you define it for us? Rock and roll? Yeah. You want it? Okay. Well, let's say a difficult question, sir. Okay, I'll tell you what you're playing, Mr. Rock and roll. No, I don't want to know what our playlist. I just want you to define rock and roll for me. What is it? Okay, okay, Boston. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Okay, well, you can zoom me as a young punk kid, but, uh, how old are you? Wait a minute, how old are you? I'm 19. Well, you're not a punk. I'm just a punk kid, but you're not a punk. Well, I still young. Okay, but what I want to know, the whole point of my discussion is, Boston is like a bubble gum almost. Easy? Boston is bubble gum. Compared to Rick, but I got a... Compared to that on you. Yes, compared to George Harrison, compared to anything, Boston is bubble gum. Okay. All right. And agreed? How about, oh, get out of here. That Peter Bolder, he makes up the music list. So what they'll to see, you know, that speaks for itself. What I want to know is, uh, out of the three-day workstation, how come all you all sound the same? Didn't, no, see, you won't answer the question, though. Isn't that interesting? I ask you a question, and now you're asking me more questions. Okay. What do I consider rock and roll? Yeah, that is very... Okay. Remember that one? I might have lost the reason. Is that it? How about other cities like Chicago? Okay. Have you listened to 95Y and F and Tampa Bay? Do you have an investigation? Yeah. Okay. That was that. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It's rock and roll. That's what I consider rock and roll. I thought, nine, it was, isn't it RBQ and tell? Oh, it's been, they're called, they're like five Y and F. Why? And, uh, sorry. That's a free pool. Well, rock and roll. And you guys pray that, you know what you say. Uh, Neil Rogers, the rock and roll. Oh, man. Yeah, the rock and roll animal. You're really listening very carefully. I don't mind. That's what Michael says. The rock and roll animal. Oh, I don't know. Would you answer the question? You give me Boston so far. That's an impressive question. Okay. Mike, you're going to, you're going to hate my, my, my direction rock and roll. I'm sure that of what you wrote. Your age, my age. My impression of rock and roll would be. Like Judas Christ. Ted New, Jets. Yeah. And if it's not that, it's not rock and roll. So what you're saying, if it's not, notally true. Dude, dude, if Chris, if Chris, if Chris, you just, yeah, did you guys, like a turbo rubber? Oh, yeah, yeah. That's, that's a bubble gum rock and roll. Yeah, you're probably going to get boy, jet girl to aren't you? No, no, no. Elton, Motelo. Right, uh, but the main question, I can, uh, so I can make this short. Oh, yeah, it's only been like five minutes. The audience is going into a coma, but go ahead, you're a great caller. But uh, how come out in three or a year or a session? No one caters to dust kids that want to hear Judas Priest and whatnot, the after 11 o'clock. Why don't we crank on some like Peter? Why don't we crank on some heavier stuff after 11 o'clock? No, you guys can clean up. I'm telling you, I've made a poll. I've called everybody. I've called C, I've called G, T, I've called you. And you know what the problem is? You're the only one who wants to hear that crap. Gone to greet agrees with me and, uh, God's it doesn't know. He doesn't know rock and roll from his earlobe. Okay. He's got the K one of the three. Right, right. He all agree with me. Whoever out in the three, I'll go. Whoever does it, it's going to pick up those extra people. All right. No, can I ask you a question? Yeah. Do you remember when K 102, which is now magic? Yeah, maybe. Yeah, no. I'm sure you do. Do you remember when they tried to play all the crap that you're talking about? Yeah, I know. What happened? What happened? I understand that. But he didn't have the backers that you guys got. What do we backers? They didn't have the listeners. There's no audience for it. Sir, there's no audience for it. Okay. It's narrow. Yeah, 1%. You can't make a format that's that narrow, all right? Right. Okay. So in other words, throughout the other 99% is that it? Well, I mean, how many 99% of the people in the person? I think what you want is obscure cuts. And listen, no station in America plays more obscure cuts than we do between midnight and one at a morning. I come to work in a morning and I wonder if Peter Moon is playing music or if my radio is just like self-destructing or something, making gutteral sounds. I just wanted to find out. I guess you guys feel that as kids did, what is us kids? What is that I mean? For all of us that listen, that are into a little bit heavier stuff than that. For both of you, yeah. Let me ask you a question. Let me ask you a question. Let me ask you a question. Sir, are you listening to me? Yes, sir. Let me ask you a question. Do you have a car? Yes. Do you have a cassette deck? Yes. I have a process. I've got an expensive stereo in your car, right? Yes, thank you. I have a very much system. You know, well, we don't want to get into that. But you've got an expensive stereo system in your car, right? Why don't you just play cassette? That's what I do. Fine. So what's the problem? Well, you get kind of tired. You like to hear somebody, you know, pormone and these people, right? Okay, okay, not so heavy, but maybe like some David Lee Roth. David Lee Roth? David Lee Roth? David Lee Roth? David Lee Roth is like a pansy. Sir, are you out of your mind? That's rock and roll? That's, you know, it's a change. Sir, have you ever... Sir, let me ask you a question. I'm sure you've seen the video California girls with David Lee Roth. Okay, now, you know, have you ever in your life seen anybody camp it up like he does and you're telling me that that's rock and roll? No, okay, I don't do this to that. Here's a roll. Yeah, you know, he's not. Now he's not what he isn't, but he appears that way. Okay, he puts on a good act. In other words, he makes Bungovi look like a hercules, all right? Right. Okay, but you're heavy as music that you play is like snake, other than that. He makes, he makes Europe look like Charles Atlas in drag. You don't even play it like ACD's, you know, I'll call up a request ACD's. Well, we don't have to play because most of the people who work here are ACD's. Right. Or how about Madras? Or it's a romantic. Why are you some kind of a religious freak with Judas priest and Nazareth when you just get off the religious craps or come on? Okay. You can listen to wiggle if you want to hear that. But near, I do enjoy your show. Don't give me raw. I know, I can tell. This has been the longest phone call in a history of my show. So, yeah, it's not like someone who's meant to find you. How are you? You know, there's really boring calls. That's really nice. Now this has been exciting. I mean, between Boston and Judas priest, okay, have a wonderful day soon. Okay. In your taste sucks. It's a 736 on Zeta 4. We're going to do a break now. Are we? And we'll come right back after we get some more musical experts on the phone. Where does a use card dealer get used cars? Maybe at a use car auction. The collection doesn't rely on auctions. We get about 500 customer trade-ins every month. Fantastic cars. Pre-owned volvos, BMWs and Porsche's. Pre-owned Toyota's. Nissan's and Honda's. Pre-owned Chevy's, oldsmobiles and Ford's. How does the collection sell so many trades? Quite simply. Price. The collection has discounted use car centers at every showroom. Bird Road in US-1. Southwest 158 Street in US-1. 9200 Northwest 27th Avenue. PS. The collection doesn't keep every trade. We keep the best and wholesale the rest. Where? At those used car auctions. Why buy from a used car dealer? You can get a pre-owned car from the collection. Okay, Peter, have a wonderful trip and all of that stuff. Bye bye. The world's on his way down to the YouTube concert. Which starts, what in about 12 hours? This is almost like the Orange Bull Express. You know how I OD starts the dolphin game set. Towers ahead of the game time. Well, that's what we're doing with the YouTube concert. We're milking it for everything that it's worth. We know what we're doing. Okay, but we have a little Ted Nudgen coming up in just a moment. Well, we are exciting here. Today is kind of exciting. I'm starting to feel the excitement. I told you that the attention is mounting. You could cut it with a butter knife. So we're going to play some YouTube? No, not right this moment. I told you about we're going to play the standard cut. Okay, that everybody else would play. I'm not going to play some obscure cut from some, I'll put it in. Exactly. Is that okay with you? And we'll make that last call or thrill. You think so? I didn't sound like he's into YouTube. I didn't mention it. They're a little too commercial. Commercial for him. I like the October TV. Well, I'm glad. Send it to him. Good name and a question. I'm glad you're right. Give me his phone number. Okay, let's continue on. Say it with these sterling calls, man. They are so good today. We're getting a lot of good trolling places. I'm setting up all kinds of dates. For my desperate friend, date County. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Okay. I could stay for the record that last call is a total jerk weight. He knows nothing about music. Well, when he said Boston, I kind of... I wasn't in David Lee Hall. Yeah, I was in. Yeah, those are too pretty heavy artists right there. Yeah. I got a lot of the fact in a creative, long and central Barry Malm. Yeah, good idea. All right. And then he could hear some real rock and roll. There are no music experts. Anybody says it's a music expert. It's a wire. Bro, music is so diversified. It's very subjective. It's such a personal fact. Right. That's why I play what I like. You know, I was always at the voted listener of yours on A.M. Knights. And I have to admit, for a couple of days, I was on the S.M.B. And I tuned in a school of the station. Yeah. And I thought you might want to definitive short version of what they play. It's unbelievable. We're a fair magic. Mm-hmm. They are totally queer for Gary Pocket in the Union. Yeah. Young girl. A lot. That's true. Yeah. A lot. This girl is a woman now. Yeah. A lady will power. They have this trauma that says, we don't play the same songs open over our other stations. Yet the playlist is a Madonna and exporter. Mm-hmm. He's right. I never listen to that station. I'm going to press it for a while and a half a day. It just drove me totally. You know, there's that. There is one obscure cut. Which I tried to get our request or magic and they never heard of it. And I think it's a great song. You know, what are you, excision models probably? It's called Concreate and Clay. But a unit 2 plus 2. Oh yeah, sure. Yeah. That was a really unique song from the mid 60s. Yeah. I remember that. Yeah. So if you ever get your hands on it, I'd be a hell of a great track to play. Okay. Okay guys. Have a wonderful day. I'll read your comments. Okay. I feel like Groucho with the duck, you know, every time they say it, man. I feel like I want to give them something. Like a punch in the mouth. 24, 8 on Zeta 4 here on the Thursday morning. The YouTube concert coming up tonight at the Orange Bowl and that will be there. Boy, are we going to have a presence there, right? There it is. There's that little sounder for you. That's our subliminal hints. And I don't know what we're hinting because what is there to say that hasn't been said 10 million times already. But I'm sure that Gonser will come up with it. It could be there at 10 and Scott Lizure at 1 and lead you let it for. And I wonder is Gene Cashman going to be making a pubic appearance? I don't know. At the Orange Bowl? I think probably now that's after she's on after the concert. Right. It's true. I don't know. But you never know. I know she could be. I want to stop by there. You never know. Maybe Irma will be there. Irma will do so. He is right. Possible. Sure it. Okay. Moving right along. Let's take a hot call from Broward. Hello. Hi. I just wanted to say you're still talking about the single topic. Yeah. Okay. First of all, this is Brenda. I call this Thursday. Yes, Brenda. I just really, I'm still saying I like listening to your better than talking. Now wait a minute. Run that by me again. You like listening to what? Your cough better than. I've been participating. Better than music. Yeah. Oh, not better than participating, dummy. Better than playing. She doesn't want to hear music. Okay. Well, you must like to show today then. Oh, yeah. I love it. The first of all for that. Who is he? Gaze? Dave. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't. I guess you can find a girl really anywhere as long as she's decent. Mm-hmm. Right. Well, I think he wants a more specific advice than that. You know, like saying anywhere is like saying you're on your own. Well, if you really, if you open your eyes and look, you can really find. Well, no. I don't think the problem is seeing. I think the problem is approaching. Okay. Go to the malls. Mm-hmm. I can arrest the restaurant areas. And you hang out, you troll in the mall? Oh, you just have a soda or something. You have to watch the single girls. Yeah. And then what do you do? And you just go up to home and talk to them. You'd be surprised. So I don't really don't get offended. Really? Yeah. And the ones who do get offended, they don't slap that hard anyway, right? No. So she's saying they're everywhere. Yeah. See, I couldn't, uh, for example, for me. I couldn't go into the mall and see somebody sitting alone and go up and approach them. And, uh, oh, Jesus. Well, you said before. First I'm an old man. Yeah. No, that's true. I guess if I were the same age as the young. I'd go up to you and approach you. Really? Well, I like all the people, right? No, not today, Brenda. No. No, nice trying to pick you up for anything. Yeah. Now, now, what I would do, personally, I would go to, like, say, Walton Bookstore. Oh, yeah. See, someone in a bookstore, you know, they have a similar psychology department. Exactly. Here over the book, like they guide the cultists and yeah. Yeah. And all of a sudden, these young ladies will be making Gaga Eyes. And before you know it, right over the drama and fine arts section. But also, like, it little, like restaurants, like red lobster. That's like that in the bar area. But he's only 18. Yeah. See, that's a problem in Florida. And a lot of other states, if you're under age, you can't meet people in bars because you can't go there. My problem is that it's finding a person that likes you for who you are in Florida. Right. Everybody's in the light. She would take you have money and luck. Well, a lot of plastic people here. Yeah. Insen's series, the operative word for Florida.