This is gonna be good. We're gonna go back like it was Thursday again. Is that what this show is gonna be? They must have had a rough holiday weekend Like five out of the seven people to run a hole just all disappeared Hmm, well, I'll tell you what. I'm gonna open the mail Oh, here's a good one. There's some wild mail here today too, by the way. So I'm really wild mail The good, the band and the ugly. I'm gonna open the mail. If anybody wants to talk to us, that's okay. If not, I'll just sit here and open the mail Great, you Gene Drymer and for in Miami Has a great one here, but we can't read it on the ear You know the numbers. I'm not gonna give the numbers out. I just didn't hear a wave And I just, and believe me, this could take till two o'clock opening up this mail. I mean, there's just a mountain of mail And I will say this the carol city post office Half of the mail it comes to our PO box for so far PO box 2214 comes to the radio station Half of it comes into box and half of it comes here. So they are really on top of things over there Man, they are as sharp as a muts of ball at the carol city post office Miami Beach, hello. The open morning. Hi. I'm calling about the Ovo When it opened up it was real nice and it was popular and then it started all the tubans came And it chased all the Americans away and then club Z opened up in the city Miami Beach had to get their hands in it and it made Cuban and then again the 1235 Which forced club the Ovo to close now they got club new and they want a $15 cover charge to walk in the door New club, no the church and brothers built it. Yeah I know when you walk in the door they say new World club new. Yeah, I know But they say what's new with $15 Yeah, and then for 50 for a drink. It's nice, but they won't stay in business long Where's the beach going south point with foreclosing what's happening? You don't know. I don't know. Look around you sir But you say the old people are ruining the beach The beach is dead. The beach is finished You can go to the 21st Street beach. It's like going to the French Riviera Really? Been in layout there. Topless is beautiful No, those aren't women. Those are guys in the city How the women believe me? They're guys with big breasts There's guys on one side of the beach and the women On the other side It's like the French Riviera. It's a beautiful Wait on the other side Now in the middle by the lifeguard Oh, I see. Well, they're all covering around him Hope it say yesterday there must have been 200 to 300 topless women on the beach Really? Absolutely Hmm, where are you going to go? I'm telling you they're all guys No, they're not guys. You know, guys are on the other side And the gate girls are on the other side. And then the middle Or just the women that like to come out and take their on their French Riviera You can take their tops off They run the little shrubs Uh-huh. It's a nice sight But what's that to offer? Well, how's 1235 doing? If you speak Spanish, it's doing great Yeah, see, I don't want to get into another Cuban country I don't, I don't play it But it is true that there are all the times In fact, in this true that there are groups of Cubans And when they go into places, they take it over And they kind of drive everybody else out I don't know why that is And then they switch to another place And with the reputation with Ovo And the city, the city is going to have through Singer and his boys are going to have to light light up a little bit too Well, yeah, but you can adopt a horse for only $900 a month That on the beach. I was just reading about the wish list of the Miami Beach commission They're really great They should adopt the parking meters You know that they stick to with these two hour limits off the beach And for a quarter, fifth of course 37.5 minutes for 25 cents It's terrible But it's the beach Yeah, it's the beach To change, I got it Very disappointed with self points What's happening with that? Was this the third time it's foreclosed? I don't know anything about soft point Other than the fact that Ruth Shack lives there That's all I know Nobody lives there You too Fine Okay, here's a card, let's see it is my guess That you have yet to attend your first concert recital opera Or perhaps the legitimate theater You're only redeeming attribute Is your ability to talk and visit the track? You're friendly, sued Oh, this is that Irving Shackman again in North Bay, Will it's let's call Irving today, shall we? Come on, you can get his number In fact, I'll get the number for you Okay, because they're not too talkative today We've got two lines in date open again Those date people man, they're turning into a bunch of mung bags Oh, we got somebody on a mobile phone Hello Are you there? Okay, anyway, let's see Just down a little information Hello, they don't even answer it information I'm telling you there's nobody in this town They're all gone Yeah, for an Irving Shackman in North Bay village Yeah, that's it Yep, Irving Yep, Irving Unpublished, thank you Okay, guess Irving had his phone number changed And so I didn't we call him on the air, yeah Why is guy Irving? But he's still listening Helen Dale, hello Oh, Neil, yes I tried to call you all last week I can't talk to you and tell you there wasn't going to tell the station Yes, be a firefanker I've seen Western House men do that before Because there are men's and phones But it amounts to Yeah, and you're talking about Albert's? Yes sir, you got double two pounds there all the time Yeah, these people don't want to fetch up with us We've had very little conversation about Albert's and I have no idea why And I get my prescription there because it's cheapest place I found to get prescription itself But when they have double cupions you know I can have one cupion There's worth up to a dollar for every ten dollars worth of purchase And there is some move down in there where the cesspool one day It bought a bunch of stuff and she stood And I didn't even know I didn't pay shares So I just ain't gonna argue with you Yeah That's it Well, what can I say sir? I'm just staying away from Albert's And I'm finished with Albert's and I'm sure they could care less because I don't you know I don't chop every two days and spend thousands of dollars and groceries But I'll take my business elsewhere I'll go to E-Totum or somewhere Yeah Okay, okay, buddy Have a great life pal My Emmy, hello Yes, how you doing today? I like to start off with I agree with a lot of things you say And I like you show a lot of listen to it all the time A couple months back You had a guy using Kathy had a guy on by the name of Chuck Hill Brian And he got a lot of bad publicity by you Whether it was justified or not that you know I'm not here there What do you mean he got a lot of bad publicity by me? Yeah, every time you mention that you played the guy father Oh, you mean a guy Jimmy Hoffa's son? Yeah, yeah, okay But let me just I just want to give him a punch if I can This is my punch You know, it wasn't really advertised out here too But there's a couple police officers killed about two months ago at Fort Pierce Yeah, and what he did He got a hold he knows quite a few in the entertainers He got a hold of well and getting to call, pertain to BB King's brother Albert King and Jesse Rufus Quite a few people that flew into Fort Pierce and what they held Was a great back benefit It was three because they bucked for the people donation And he got all this stuff going And I think they raised about 200,000 people for these people family And you know I happen to be a team to myself And I know there's a lot of bad ones out there You know, but I I just wish that How about trying to go to you to make the team to a good name But no, well the team series are never going to have a good name And I'm glad that he was involved in doing something positive And that's wonderful, but that certainly doesn't in any way Take away from the fact that the teamsters are notorious And have an obnoxious and revolting reputation And are one of the most corrupt unions anywhere in America If not at the top of the list and I don't take back anything that I said about him No, I did not, I didn't think of you No, I'm not going to That's true, why should I pretend that it's not You know what I wish I really do I wish that we would get five percent of the time of what we do for charities And we have helped each other We were the only ones that back project newborn That's when the baby born, two maturity All these big corporations that have the time for that But the teamsters took the time, then they have a hospital What a helicopter, and flies each other You know that a poor premature Jackson's memorial burned in it We give a terrible policy to her kids Terrific I don't know, I'm not looking for a child I'm sure that the Godfather gives money, puts a lot of money in the platen church on Sunday To what is that proof Meals You know, like I said, I like you, man But you know, you should be a little bit more more dishonest Balanced Yeah, pal I should lie a lot No, if you were a worried Okay, about the teamsters And the way to corrupt it, you know what you got to do You got to go home and build your lemon for raw Because you can't go to the doctors anymore Because they're trepid You can't go to the priest anymore, because they're trepid I mean, everybody out there's got to bat apples Do you think that every teamster that's a member is bad? No, you know? No Okay, well look, I'll leave you with that And like I said, I like your Like you stall, no And dishing in there, especially with the FCC Say, all right? Okay, thank you dear You take care It's 1118 at WI and Zboy to mail today I'm telling you, just wild mail I mean, just incredible And every crank in every old fart that writes hate I've got about a half a dozen of them Who write on a very regular basis with red ink And with certain types of handwriting And immediately as soon as I see the first couple of words With the writing, I toss it out But I mean, we've really got some creative stuff here today It's incredible We have an open line in date 624-01-91 When is the estate county? When is the estate? Miami Beach, hello Long Yes It's a bit kind of nice To bring you the number of the floor dots For taxes By the governor No, for waterdale, hello Is that me? Yes Yes, I want to tell you a meal But I want to drink Great I wish I had done the other You gave, I would have played them You don't want to fall Oh, you didn't hear the other ones? No, and I didn't hear them yesterday Oh, yeah, three-sided coin Oh, my god 67-20 Why don't you give me some tomorrow And now I don't, I'm not going to start this every day I can't, it's not, you know, I'm not a e-out Oh, I know it, but you're the best I can do this as a first time I've called you Great People that don't understand what you're saying I've referred to it Something I read about it But I'm like a nearer nearer to go He says, God help the common people They don't know which end is up You betcha I'm telling you See, you went home a winter then, huh? Oh yes Excellent Listen, by the way, I want to go back to the last three So the week before, you know, couple on my line Yeah I always said to my husband, I said, you know he looks like something But I can't place it How do you do these? Yeah, how do you do it? This is not that I've been laughing every day Yeah, in fact Buffalo Bob Smith sits in the other room When couples on the air they have like remote control Yeah, and they're close all the airs You should be in couples place Yeah You've made him look in the sick I know He doesn't know what the heck he's doing Well, that's all I have to say And listen, not so much And don't be attention to the masses The masses are gases Okay, I'll see you at Calder Center Are you going to be out there? I thought I'd be out there by someone Okay Okay, bye-bye I love a nice day You too In fact, what I would do is I would give you the winners for Calder Center Today, if I were going to be on the air, but I won't I'm taking Saturday off I just came in this morning and told him I'm taking Saturday off They said, okay You know, when you've got a seven share, you tell him I'm taking the day off You've got a one share and you say I'm taking the day off They say, hey, take the year off, you know? Just don't come back Now that I have all this muscle, you know, you have to kind of push your weight around a little bit And I have plenty of it to push And by the way, the six weeks after that, I may not come in either You know? And then, of course, they say, hey, it's nice, but get lost 21 minutes past 11 at W1 and Z now listen, I'll do all the breaks you want this hour Okay, because my log is virgin here, you know? I have nothing written in, no extraneous stuff So let's do one and then we'll kind of play it by ear I'm probably an idea of how psychotic the nail is doing I mean, not all of it, most of it is good bail And a lot of it Including from all over the country, see some of the old banks are very upset Because the so far campaign is really finally taken off all over the country And we had the Congressman Larry Smith on last week and he is with us And they're going to be hearing this hell, you know? This isn't just a whistling in a dark again And that's what's got them real upset So every wacko, every old fart in the world out there Is written in over the weekend And now to show you how psychotic the nail is Here's an envelope and inside's a little scrap of paper And on it, it says Wake up Neil, you did not discover the bad effects of censorship And included are about 20 of these stamps, you know? They're not posted stamps, but there are things you put on the back of an envelope censorship in a free society, it's a bad match And it shows a burning match book with the American flag on it People for the American way Well, I've seen these for a long time Did we say we discovered the bad effects of censorship on this show? I mean, what is this all? In other words, it's like they put these in there in a positive way But there's got to be a little shot I'm telling you, man, these people are just They're doing something funny in a water in this town, they really are They're really incredible Pembroke Pines, hello Hello Neil Yes This is the second time I'm calling Now I got a gripe, I'm 60 years old Yeah I went to Wendick to see that day with my grandson Yeah So they had this year box with these year What are these rubber shoes? Rubber things at the kids' right Rubber things, yeah Oh, he said, hey, Mark, can I have a pair? So I went over and I was looking and this lady came over And she dropped these things on the floor And she said, they made ticked them up I said, are you telling me or asking me? Yeah She says, I'm ordering you Ha ha ha And I said, hey, you kiss my, you know what? Yeah So she turned around and she said, you know, the F word Are you serious? Oh, I told her, why do you call up Neil Rogers Until him next Yeah He loves you people She said, oh, I'm not, you are one of his listeners I said yes So then she says to me, well, you could take your grandson and shove him You know Neil, I want to hit her with a loaf of bread Yeah, you should have She was so nasty Yeah, you should have hit her with a stale ride I've been having to tell me, respect your elders I said, what, are you kidding? She was, and then we go down another aisle And she bumps me and I go with her, God And I said to her, what? Hey, lady, are you following me? She says, that's enough picking up the stuff I ordered you to pick up Oh, well, I would have bopped her on a head so hard She would have spun sideways I was trying to people She would have flown over the cool aid Into the, uh, into the soda fountain And my grandson started to... Oh, that's not good enough Because table supply But my hand up, I wanted to do something But I think it's so sue me So I said, if you and I walked away Good That's all Good for you, just say F.I.U. That's what does it Okay Auto people They think that they own the world That's right, they're miserable Not all of them, but the ones we don't have to do Disclamers because by now, I know We're talking about They know who we're talking about The same ones we've been talking about since the first of the year But that's why I listened to you The crabby old rotten, disgusting prunes Who think they're the only people in the world And all the rest of us have got to get out of the way To make way for them No, but he ordered me Yeah I'm telling me You know, I'm saying to her Yeah Uh, you know, I mean, uh, will you pick it up? I mean, what would you have done? Yeah Um, okay Well, what I have done I would have smashed her in the mouth Really? Yeah I would have made her, I would have made her teeth Why not? Wind up in a glass at publics and this was in Windixie I had a French loaf of bread And I had it in my hand It was so tempting Yeah, it's you should've Oh, tempting Yeah And she had all no oil Only I wouldn't want to pollute your bread Do you look like she's gotten a son Uh-huh When she was 15 and didn't get out until she was 70 Yeah But I really appreciate you Nick Okay All right, have a nice day I'll see you at Albertsons Bye bye Bye bye We still haven't had one call Not one call From anybody who has been able to explain to us the Albertsons syndrome And if you think I'm making it up boy, you're living in a dream world You are living in a total dream world It's just like the convenient stir syndrome It's the same thing Every Albertson is like a magnet, a magnet And maybe it's because of the double coupons Maybe that's the answer Do you think that's it? Got a call to run a mobile phone Hello Meal Yes Meal? Yeah I just listen to you at night I like guys on the French You have a dating show Yeah I just listen to you when you're having a dating game How many years has that been? Uh, five or six years Hello Five or six years Five or six? Five or six? Yeah I like your show now I'm a salesman I drive around by listening to you all day I think one of the reasons why these people get off set with you is because I mean you're pretty honest with me You tell them this is just entertainment I think that they just get a little carrier away with some of the things that you say to them No, they can't handle it Yeah, they don't realize You know that you're going to take sides Yeah, they can't think that I was there But they're not feeling bad It's not like you know the Tammy and Jim show Did you feel that they should be off the air Or did you feel that you know that they're just entertained with you? Don't you think that they just laughed when they went back to their private sweets? No, they're not entertained with their rip off artists Yeah, but the public is... I think they were just watching him Well, I used to watch him for just pure entertainment I couldn't believe how loot-a-fers people get But the thing was, they were entertaining They were so ridiculous And I can't imagine who the people I never knew and whoever spend money into them But I'm sure that those people got some kind of damn by carriers to throw out a spending money away Yeah, they were getting through You know, almost maybe like you get it The worst races or something But like, do you set a limit for your stopper? Do you like me? You just put down there and just blow whatever you got in your pocket? No, I take everything what I do is I go to the bank And I take out all my life savings every time I go And then if I still have any left I come back home Someday we hope to quietly tell our story A story of two sinners saved by grace It's 1131 at WI and Z I would have kept him on longer But we had a bad connection And he couldn't hear a word I was saying You know, I'm not going to sit here and shout You know, I'm not going to do my leave-power imitation We have an open line in date again 624 Is there any left in date count of you speaks English? Why is this? Why is this? I'm telling you date count of you is really It is a foreign country You know, since I'm beating around a bush 624-191 Now I think maybe what we ought to do is make a swamp Okay, those of you who live in Broward as I do Would you like to make a trade with date count of what we will do? What we will do is we will trade for all of the people who are living in breathing Who want to be decent civilized We don't care what they are, you know, we're not in this ethnic thing Because you're a lot of especially the younger Cubans You know, are really nice people in the rewivit They're not all to the right of a till of the hunt And anybody else who speaks English and date count of you wants to You know, live as part of a breeding and living place We will exchange them and Broward, we'll take them in and we will send out today All of the, you know, the crowd in sunrise and Tamarack You know, who I'm talking about? The people who shop at Albertsons Will make a swamp Hollywood, hello Hi guys, the latest time the FCC ruling is on the WRC channel I don't know if you get from the in the station or not But WBRI is in the challenge of ruling by broadcasting your list of And great And the red red red red challenge Excellent That a cogear which is tremendous You listen to this through this kind of country version before 54 years ago, you have got me tried to ban the book for obscenity But a federal judge approved his publication He is extraordinary that this would be surfaced at some guy at the community university Yeah, this message the FCC is charglo dites and filistings Excellent FCC hasn't responded so far and most observers expect the commission to try to duck the issue So anyway, BRI is going to do a test of it and they're going to broadcast it at 11DM so they can't say the kids will listen Yeah, beautiful And it is a, it is a one-cheap piece of literature Okay, well that's a good luck to you and the campaign Okay, thanks for the information, that's great I'll say one thing about the Pacific Accorporation Boy They sure are not ruling over and playing dead They immediately filed suit and federal court against the FCC on the KFPK ruling They're appealing that and now they're even pushing them further And you know the FCC knows that they made a bad mistake And they know they got caught with their hand in the first amendment And they're starting to weasel out already is that indicates right? That's the good news. My name is hello. Hello. Hi. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Good. I just first I want to congratulate you. You're doing a real good job with that so far campaign We're trying. Okay, but you know, I totally disagree with the fact that your bashing the tubins this morning I'm one of those young tubins. What way do you mean that I'm bashing who? Cuban. Who said I'm bashing Cuban? We're Spanish speaking people. You shouldn't generalize. You know, you did say that the younger generation I just got to say that like like like you said earlier. Yeah, I couldn't get in. I just got to say 40 seconds ago. Earlier about all the great younger Cubans. Yeah. What did I just say that? Was that. Before that you said you were taking over the club. The clubs and I disagree totally also with that guy that called earlier saying that if you don't Fix that, if you stick to that, it's great. But otherwise, again, because what we take over everything. Well, he didn't say they take over everything. But he said it's true. And a lot of places and I've seen it for myself. Many places in Dave County, the clientele begins to change and almost all Cubans begin to become the, well, it's not, well, we don't want anybody out. Yeah. Oh, and then self-salt. Is they feel intimidated because we're threatened because we both speak both languages and they don't. That's not our problem. Wait, wait a minute. What are we going to do? What are we going to do? That's not our problem. I'm not going to, you know, if anything works for the businessmen. Yeah, but wait, don't you hear what you just said in the way you said it? You know, if they don't speak both languages, that's not our problem. What does that mean? Well, that means that. And who cares how many languages you should do? I feel that they should not feel what they're running them out. He's running himself out of the field intimidated or not in place or out of place because we, you know, we can speak either language at any time. Yeah. Yeah. What can we do about that? I mean, we don't want them out. Well, what you could do is speaking, which in public, like most of the rest of people in America, doing that would solve that part of the problem. I think it's on speaking to Spanish speaking person. I can speak any language I want because I want to speak. Well, but you see, you know, you called and you started chastizing me and by your behavior in this call, all you're doing is setting back relations 50 years by this kind of attitude. You know, I can speak any language I want you can. Oh, that's true. You can, but again, I can speak in two a person that understands me and I'm sure that most of the people who go into those clubs are young enough that they all understand English real well. I know. Yeah. So that's so that what's the problem if you know. The problem is that we are not, we are not running anybody out. They want themselves out. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's not skip onto another subject. Let's stick with what you just said to me. You said if we want to speak to somebody in another language, we'll speak in any language we want. I said not anybody. I said if I'm speaking to a Spanish speaking person, I can speak Spanish to them if I want. Watch the stick to the English also, you know, like 100% of the time when they also understand Spanish. What do you mean when they also understand Spanish? I just want to agree with me that they all understand English. One other. Now, I don't want to talk to you lately. I really don't because I don't want to start this whole business all over again. You're, you know, the longer I keep you on the air, the more destructive it is. And the more it will invite more of the calls because all you're doing is proving the point that the man made before. And it's disgusting. If you could only take what you're saying and listen to it back. And you're just unreasonable. That's all. You already agreed with me that all of those young people and they're speaking English perfectly. So there's no excuse for this business. What if I want to speak to them in Spanish? All you're doing is driving other people out. It's, it's anti-social behavior. And boy, I'm Tonya. It's just so difficult to try to restrain yourself from getting involved again and all wound up in this bilingual thing because it doesn't accomplish anything. But, you know, I haven't changed my tune on it one bit in spite of what some of the fanatic people out there in the audience think. I still think it is disgusting and revolting. When you go out in public in this country, if you're capable of speaking English, speak it. And stop using your languages a weapon and you heard it in her voice. Well, we'll speak to anybody in the language we wanted. They can speak Spanish. Well, if I want to speak Spanish to them, that's okay. And if they don't like it, but we're not driving them out. Boy, that's, that's pathetic. She can stay in date that one. Okay? She can stay in date. 22 before noon. Should we take another break now? Would we go one more? Okay. Well, let's save it. Save the good stuff for later. Miami. Hello. Hello, Nail. Yes. Is the so far petitioned valid without addresses? It's, well, yeah, it's not a formal petition. It does make any difference. Oh, it does. No. Okay. Would you play the driving dead? I haven't heard that in a while. The driving dead? Boy, that's, uh, dredging up something from the deep past. Yeah, I like that one. Boy, I'd tell you, may take me hours to find that, but I'll do what I can. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Have a great day. The most horrifying movie you'll see this year happens in broad daylight. They look like senior citizens, but behind the wheel, on the open road they become the driving dead. Yes. Then travels at five miles per hour. Then from the neck up they see solicit proud the streets of the city, striking mind numbing fear into the hearts and minds of drivers everywhere. See them come to a dead halt in the middle of an intersection. See them ruthlessly ignore stop lights. See them drive all day with a turn signal on. So chilling. You'll be afraid to drive home from the theater. Don't miss the driving dead. Coming to a dead stop near you. We actually have somebody on the line from Panama City. Well, let's put that on. Hello. Yes. Yeah, first time going, but I've looked to you, since you came on daytime. Okay, let's my hours. But I was born and actually went to school in Panama City and I was just up there to a school invocation. Yeah. And that's about the size of it. That's all you do up there at home vacation because they do have beautiful beaches. Oh, yeah. I've been up to the beaches there. They're great. But the school system, the pits and learn how Neanderthal. So that rhyme? Yeah. We can make a song out of that. They don't hold anyanderthal. Right. Even even a lot of local people have to laugh and learn a whole lot of some of the things that he said. But it really is, like you said, basically, when you're talking about the panhand, you're talking really south Georgia south Alabama. Yeah. You know, just depends on what side of the river you live on. You bet. But I'm not for making that part of the panhandle, you know, Georgian, Alabama, and making this part of the area in other state. Even this part is crazy and itself, and never laugh. Yeah. I think what we ought to do is we ought to take a lot of these prunes and we ought to give them a state. Like maybe Georgia. Let's say them all to Georgia. What do they call the Peach Tree State? That's correct. Yeah. The prunes state. You know, same family, just another fruit. But I just thought I'm from a two cents and worth, like I said, that the school system is definitely behind the time. Yeah. The water holes are trying to put it back into the 19th century. Well, listen, I think maybe we'll get Leonard Hall on the show, will fly him down. But it doesn't seem, it wasn't for the beaches, you know, and there wouldn't be a panhandle. Can you imagine Leonard Hall hearing this show? Maybe we could pipe the show into Panama City. That would give him something to get upset about. There you go. You have a nervous breakdown. Okay, Neil. Okay, hang in there. Okay. Congratulations for escaping from Panama City. Oh, boy. I'm telling you this mail, this mail today. It's just a mind boggling. First of all, there's so much of it. It's four days' mail. And secondly, I'm telling you, we have got stuff here. I wish I could read it on the air. Enough is enough. You are obnoxious. You are a fart. You are the scum of the earth. You are losing your sponsors. You are vulgar. Early bird burial for you. Signed Lee Fowler, Mike Miller, and Sandy. And on the back of the envelope is this, Hall and Dale early birds. This is the same one. I got three envelopes from these people today. Got a new crew of a client's been up there in Broward. Probably daffy's audience. My name is hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. Are you doing? Okay. Great, man. Listen to the truth. John Broward is still here next week when daffy's gone or what? Yeah, no, we're just going to get John Broward's boots and put him in the chair. True. Listen, just a two quick things. You said oval closed? Yeah, the oval is out of business. Okay, what do you attribute that to? What do I attribute it to, the fact that Miami Beach is dead? But do you think there's any hope of marketing the beach? I mean, we got to do something. What do you mean, wait a minute? What do you mean we got to do something? What does that mean? What do you propose that we do with Miami Beach? Well, I propose that we get casino gambling down here, but it's not going to happen. I don't have any alternative. And I talked to the people on the beach to learn blue and the face. And I said, how about having a day chore here, making this, why kicky east? Okay? Yeah, with a Marco Polo, that'd be great. They have to bring that down south again. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I wasn't so obnoxious and I've got a lady on the phone here. Well, the why are you still listening, lady? Why are you still listening? No, hold on a second. Why are you still listening? Yeah. Well, why did you turn it off? Why are you calling us and bugging us? Why don't you turn it off? What do you mean you don't, well, if you don't want to turn it off, then you're going to sit there and be upset. You want to be upset? Are we doing a service by upsetting you? Maybe you have a good BM if we get you upset enough. No, I'm not being nasty. Why are you calling here and telling us what to do on the air? You old bag? Get off the phone. Get out of my life. Go away, lady. I'm sorry. What were you saying? Who was that, man? Some old bag. She used to like me better at night. She just turned it on. And she's all upset. They used to be nice. She used to be nice. She used to be there. You know, one of those old bags. She probably was the one at Albertsons the other day. There you go. Listen, just getting back to the beach. She just proposed that it stays there. We just let it, you know, get worse with my daily. No, I just got through telling you what I proposed and they just look at you and they nod their head and they're oblivious. They're just in a dream world. Oh, we're going to paint this building pink and we're going to paint this one green and look at all these yuppies at the Carlisle and it's great. They think everything is wonderful. So as long as they continue to lie to the public and blue sky, nothing is going to happen. The beach needs to be a giant. They're the sports fan, but you have any basketball favorites. Anybody who you're pulling for in a stretch? I'll tell you one thing, as long as the Celtics lose, I'll be delighted. Oh, I hate the Celtics with a passion like you wouldn't believe. And if you look at their uniforms, man, with those silly little socks they got. I've never noticed how they sell the Celtics. This has been for years with it. Just look at the socks. There's something wrong with that team. There's something looked like they're all out of some kind of a mental unit or something. I'm telling you. They are. Listen, the first time I called you, but keep up the entertainment. You're doing a great job. Well, I was a lot better at night. Just remember that. I will. See you later. Okay. Hello, you were so nice. It night, it was happened. You've gotten so nasty and you've gotten nasty. But I will not turn it off. I'll exercise my own free options. And I'm going to listen. I don't care what happens. You should have heard her. I wish we could have put her on the air. I just couldn't resist listening as I could tell Kyle was jumping up and down in the chair. He was having a good time. I don't want to miss out. We have a couple of open lines in Broward now. Look at that. Look at that. 764-0707. And let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. That's you. What exactly did you say about Albert's earlier? I turned a little bit late. I love it. Okay. Well, I don't want to repeat the whole thing. But what I said is that Albert's in all of them, no matter where they're located, seemed to attract this barbaric clientele of these nasty people. These miserable old people who think that they're the only people in the store. And it just, I don't understand it. I don't understand why. And I talked about my experiences at a couple of the public stories, but in certain parts of town, where there are a lot of this type of people living. But Albert's in the matter where the location seems to attract these miserable obnoxious people who behave in a way that just absolutely unacceptable. Well, next change. I didn't know that you meant the older crowd. Because every time I got an Albert's, they're very strange looking people. But I haven't run into older people so much. I only want Albert's in this once in a while. And when I have to grab something quickly in their open. Which one is this? It's one of four on a deal on commercial. Oh yeah. And strange people. I mean, time to hear things like that and weird. No, it's funny because Kyle was telling me that he had a new Albert's in Pembroke Pines at University in Pines. And he was telling me that he was the same word. He said the strange, strange people. And coming in with a child and the child looks great. And you think that there will be two normal looking people pushing the car to whatever and they're weird. I mean, they look, you talk about the celloics. This is something strange. And it's always been that way ever since they opened. And I don't know why. It isn't just because it's two o'clock in the morning or something like that. It's all the time. There are a few normal looking people. And I go in there so I don't know much about this too. But very strange people and I've never seen a bunch of old people. It's always young and spaced out kind of. Yeah, well, maybe Albert's only attract spaced out people of all ages. Maybe that's it. Fix it me, accept me. Accept us, yeah. Yeah, right. Okay. Okay, it's funny. I love the letter from Sandy and Mike. Wasn't that good? I got another one here. I got a whole bunch of spotlight magazines. It's somebody sent me from for a lot of day. Let's the mail today is great. I could do a week's worth of shows just on today's mail. Do. I'll be some more. Okay, I'll see you at Windixie. Bye-bye. To live in before noon at WINZ. Wait to need hear this. I thought this was a put on, okay? Open up this big mineral envelope. Lend a friend, reply memo. I will not let the spotlight's voice be silenced. It's one of these things that they, you know, hand around. For people to subscribe to this anti-Semitic racist rag, the spotlight, the Liberty Lobby, and Washington, he said it to the wrong person. He should have sent these to Davy, shouldn't he? Well, I guess he already subscribed. Dear Neil, I enjoy your show. Although I only get to hear you during the lunch hour. Attached this information on the Council on Foreign Relations and its sister organization, the trilateral commission. You notice how they love these right wing nuts. They all love that word, sister. Right? The seven sisters and the sister organizations and they're just a bunch of sisters in the spotlight, I guess. I've included three weekly issues of the spotlight. They keep tabs on these two organizations. I found there articles to be timely and informative. Oh, man. Is this incredible? They normally charge $30 a year, but are running a subscription drive and you can get 50 two issues for only $15. Thanks for the courtesy. See, listen to the way he spells courtesy. See you are T-I-S-E-Y. The courtesy of your time, Don, something or rather. Davis, Don Davis, in Fort Lottodo. Thanks for the courtesy. See you are T-I-S-E-Y. Or maybe he meant courtesy. Huh? I'll tell you one thing. If he's one of those sisters and he came in a studio, probably would courtesy. Ten of black, ten of black, ten of black, ten of black. Okay, ten minutes before noon. I can't believe this mail. I'm telling you, folks. Let's all just jump into the waist basket. We could have a hell of a time in there. Okay, we do have another break to take. And I think we will do it this hour. I want to get the Oelady's upset out there, but there is a in the prestige is Miami review. This is on page 10, May 20th. Here's a public service ad from the American Red Cross. Big letters. White letters on a black background, life's a beach. Until the flood waters of a hurricane rip through town, leaving hundreds of homeless. If you can't spare even a few dollars to help, you ought to be ashamed. Life's a beach. I hope they don't see that in Hollywood. They really get upset. Somebody in Boca calling on her dime, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes. Hey, I make two comments. I lucked my aunt, May 30 years ago. Did you get my ladder? I mean, 30 years, I lived there and I moved to Boca. Did you get my ladder about the X knot, so you saw the margin, Tina? No. I'm stealing everything off of everything. What did you think about Mr. Donovan crossing himself? He was a pretended X-3. He's now free from the Reagan man. May I have a comment on that? I'm saying you flex any flex any flexing. Okay, it's 11.55. By the way, some dirty old lady wanted to hear the Leopard condom man. He believed that. Was it no lady? I wanted to hear that. Shame on her. Kendall, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes. Who are you? Good. This is, I'm a first time caller and I will say that I don't always agree with what you say, but you are a very good commentator and you're not boring. And I'll say, wanting for some of who doesn't have a show today and only mail to read, or you're really faking it real good today. And only what? And only mail to read. Right, that's it. Faking it very well. Yeah. My call really isn't directed to you. It's today young lady that called her while ago about the bilingual problem. I know you don't like to beat it. Oh, of course. God, I knew it. I knew she'd open up the whole thing all over again. Um, I am a Cuban American. I was born and raised here in the United States. My parents, the Cubans, my father served this country during World War Two. I grew up at a time in California with a Renault Cubans. I didn't know what a black bean was or a plant. That was just a story I'd hear from a little island from Cuba. And I moved here to Miami with my husband 10 years ago for business reasons. Um, and I've run across many people like this young lady who are always talking about the language, the language. I always have to say for people like this is, do you read? If this country is so bad because we speak English, why don't they go back to Cuba? In this country, they're able to have a car. They're able to have a television. They're able to have a chance to purchase a home. I'm not talking about during the Castro regime. I'm talking about during the Batista regime and all the other regimes before them. People like her and millions of other Cubans who now have a little house in a car and a TV. Couldn't afford anything because they were not allowed to. Because I couldn't afford it. They didn't have the money or the education. That was only for the elite. I want really irritates me is when I meet a Cuban American born and raised here. And they talk like, man, I just come from Maria. Yeah. You're going to stop at that. I am the first one. I have no palms to tell them. You're an American first. Oh, but my parents are from Cuba. Who's the one who's American now? Who cares? My grandparents are from Poland and Russia. Do you think I go over a good speaking Russian in this town? I sure. And I tell them. And I can listen. If it's so bad, go back. Oh, we talk about because of Castro. Well, then stop crying. If I have listened. My husband is Chinese from Jamaica. Right? Yeah. If I had to go to China to live. You think they're going to talk to me in English? They're going to talk to me in Chinese. If I had to go to Italy. You think they're going to talk to me in English? They're going to talk to me in Italian. And I would make the best and I would educate myself to learn the language and to speak it properly without some kind of a foreign accent. And I want to tell that girl on a homie's listening. If you're an American, be part of an American that you're in the United States because if you're living in Cuba, you would have nothing. Just remember that the United States has a lot of faults. It's not perfect. I know that. But it's a hell of a lot better than a lot of other countries because I have lived in other countries. And I know. Okay. And I hope these listening. All the other Cubans and those other people, Americans, to a Cuban, and try to fix your language. Speak better. And don't pretend you're from another country. Okay. Thank you, Neil. I'm glad you got it off your chest. Okay. You feel better? Thank you. Okay. She feels better. My name is Jose Jimenez. Okay. We're at the end of this hour. We have an open line in date. 6, 2, 4, 0, 1, 9. Well, let's not start on that today, huh? Please. I beg you. I mean, it accomplishes nothing. You get to everybody's blood pressure up 50 points. And the bottom line is courtesy. I mean, if you want to get along, if you want everybody, then let's speak English. And let's cut the crap. Michael Fissier with a local in every news headlines. CBS. CBS has the world news at noon and we'll come back at 12.06. Oh, 7 at WI and Z. We hope you have it a great day after. And we have about four options now because it's the new hour. We could do lunchtime at the moldies. And I want to thank the listener who sent me touch me on cassette by the doors, which I've just carded up. You're like that. Okay. Well, I've got it at home. I've got it on compact disc and on record. I've got it on record. And I think also on cassette. I've got all those doors all paced. But somehow I just can't remember to double it. But now that it came to the station, it was in my hand during the new news. What better thing to do than double it on card, right? And I did it. Great. That's one. Number two, one of the listeners sent me that letter. All those couple of people have already read it on here. That form letter that looks like a personal letter signed Dick Cappen. But it's not Dick Cappen because underneath the signature, it says, C slash I S. I think they left a word out. RGC is something, right? Now, those are the initials of whoever typed it and probably signed it, who knows? It's just a form letter, a letter of desperation, begging people to reconsider. By the way, today's a good day to cancel your Harold subscription. I mean, if a Gary heart wasn't enough for you, they added an S-pony oldie other day oughta be, right? So that's number two, we could do that. Number three, the lady wanted to hear the Leprechaundom spot. That's number three. Or, of course, number four, we got a full board of calls. Ah. Ah. They're that good. Are you serious? Oh, they got to be some good ones on there now. Okay. So I'll tell you what. Well, take some calls and we'll take a vote. Should we take a vote? How what we should do first? Okay, wait a minute. It comes a message. We got somebody on my me beach, who's alive. Okay, hello. Hello, Neil. Are you alive? Oh, I'm alive. How you doing? Okay. Oh, it's all I told you to tell you one thing. I've been visiting my me, two-dops three years now. Yes, sir. I originally moved down from New York about five and settled in Miami Rakes on border on a higher land. After about two years of living there, we couldn't take it anymore. We felt, well, if we're in Florida, let's go to the beach. I mean, that's the reason most people come here. So we did remove to the beach. And I want to tell you, I feel like that's saying we'll be last American please take the flag. Yeah. It's unbelievable. I don't think anybody in my neighborhood speaks English anymore. I mean, on my days off, I'm the only one around. It's so boring. Basically, I'm a musician. I'm a drummer, rock drummer. And I always have a job in the daytime. I'm at my job right now, Maris. But we don't run the beach all the time looking to seem to do. I've talked about club over $15 to get in. I know that wouldn't last very long. Yeah. And then another 15 just to get out. I mean, who would go there in the right mind? You talk about screaming people and yelling in everything. Yeah. The night that I went into, there were a lot of screamers in there. I play in the cameo. I play in clubs around here. And basically, it's mostly American kids who like rock a little. But the point I called to make was, as a musician playing rock music in Miami, to get about it. It's a good thing that I record my own songs because I would go crazy trying to stay. Keep my chops up here, trying to stay in rhythm with the community. There's no place to play. It's the same 40 people come out to see you. Yeah. And it's ruined. I'm looking around on time, where is everybody? Anybody's ever tried to make anything of themselves. Music, we hear, has left. They've gone to New York, gone to California. Everybody except 40, 40, 40. They're the same way. I mean, you leave Miami and you go to Browards. So we have them all up in Broward. You're only seeing less than a Latin people on the beach. I walk into the store and speak Spanish. I go to my insurance man. They only speak the Haitian-speaking French. I go to the Japanese restaurant to get something you don't speak English. I feel like a foreigner in my own city. You know what? I live in plantation. Everybody speaks English. Yeah. Well, there's something. I mean, plantation may not be exciting, but there's something to be said for that. Well, I remember playing in plantation in a club when he was in the only people that came out with the Indians, then the sub-Indians. There was wild. Well, you wanted Native Americans, didn't you? You got it. One of the guys I think our base player was almost body-swamed by one of the female Indians that were in the club. He was a beauty, let me tell you. I think the bounce is swamped around the pool table. She fell off the pool table. Was rain on the floor for a few minutes? Yeah. We kept playing. We're looking around going. What's going on here? Oh, yeah. That's something continuous dancing around, like nothing happened. Yeah, that's at Princess High Karate. I've seen her in action. I'm not bathing here. What I really want to call it says, I love you program. If it wasn't for you, I think I'd go crazy. I know. Me too. Okay. Listen, hang in there. It's going to get a lot worse on the beach before it gets better. You watch. If dead here, I don't understand why it's a beautiful place to live. It's just a little bit here. The weather's nice or it's on Miami and general, but I just don't understand where everybody is going. Where are they? I know. This could be paradise. I keep saying that like over this holiday weekend, we had this great weather. In every time I'd walk outside, I think boy, this is just great. Why is it? Why is it that we have to have all this misery among us? I can't we just ship all those miserable people to Georgia and get rid of them. Hey, I was in Georgia last summer. Yeah. Played at Athens in a bar. Yeah. I couldn't wait. It was redneck shell. I couldn't wait to get my back to Miami and see all the ethnic people fighting again. It's just wonderful. I just want to say thank you very much for getting on the program. And I wish you the best of luck. Hang in there. I don't know how you don't get an offer from this program. While I just don't pay any attention to what I'm reading the mail. I've got a promise to thank you. Okay. See you later. Yeah. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Not to us. Be safe. Can't you see that I have got a phrase? What was that problem today? Why won't you feel me when she's here? What was that promise that you made with me? No, I ain't got a love you. There's a hope of this all the way. I can't deny it. You're the same old woman as you are. Are you a liar? Do you know? Do you know? Do you know? Yes all I was about to said was man. Do you know? Do you know? You see that I am not afraid What was that promise to me? Why won't you tell me what's he did? What was that promise to me? I Don't love me. I don't love you. All I can tell is die. I can't go bleeding. I can't heal to this moment of pain... All the stars are you no but what else? Okay, now that should pacify somebody, right? Who wanted to hear that? I was a one-on-one-deer, okay, I'm pacified, okay? Somebody had work in Hollywood, hello. How you doing? Okay. And you didn't know that Jamar said went to Melbourne High, did you? No. Yeah, he's a Florida boy. Really? Yeah, since I got used to stuff with people that went to school with him. But that's not why I called. I'm sure of it. I'm glad that you brought up Albuses because I often wondered what that happens to the people that you see in Denny's, like from about 2 a.m. to 4 a.m. Yeah. You see him in Albuses in a daytime time. Yeah, that's true. I never thought about that. You know, these people just come out for Denny's, you know, and then they go back and they got to do something in the daytime. But they definitely go to Albuses in the daytime. Yeah, funny, you are dead. Well, wait a minute, maybe the fact they eat a Denny's explains their behavior. I could be it because I tell you, I've only eaten at Denny's about 2-3 times and I've got to tell you, I learned my lesson. Yeah, I'd wish. Nothing ever comes hot at that place. You get a serve called and then you return it. And then it comes back about another 15 minutes later burned. Yeah, the only thing that comes warm is the ICT. That's about it. That's about it. This is funny. You just were talking briefly and we got to earrings. And I had call Friday and we had been disconnected. I didn't hang up on you. But I had call for an information we got to how earrings became a part of your teen men's attire. Yeah. Apparently, originally, the idea of a... By the way, before you go on, I don't know if we can say that. But European. Oh, yeah, that's right. So let me straighten this up. Western man. Okay. Apparently, the only way Western man was able to wear one earring in his ear is if he had gone to a military or a naval, I should say, more correctly, a naval engagement. I don't think we can say that either, naval engagement. So the only way, if you saw a man with an earring in his ear, it meant he was a veteran of a naval war. And it kind of showed, hey, I paid my dues. I've been through a military scummage on the high seas. And for that point, he was eligible to wear an earring in his ear. But that's only in Western man. That has nothing to do with Eastern man. That's a different story entirely. But that occurred about 3,400 years ago. And everyone's forgotten about that tradition on how you got the earring in your ear. And now everyone wears an earring in their ear. But that's how it started. Fantastic. Yeah, so now you know. Well, I really learned something today. Are pirates were in earring in their ear? Yeah. Well, maybe that would help the Pittsburgh pirates. Maybe we could deter things around a little bit. I think they could use earring in both ears. Yeah. And even then I don't think it would help them. No. But anyway, let's thank you for bringing up our buses. Because I agree. It's right. You see the people in our buses that came out of the bar room seen of Star Wars. It's, uh, it's really incredible. The fun of how they always was the worst. Yeah. In fact, I saw Mark Hamill in Albertans, yet they're there in his grandmother was beating him over the head with a cane. I couldn't believe it. But I mean, it happens in our buses and in Denny's right in the morning. Okay. Well, you gave us two answers. I thank you. See you later. The cards are here, ladies and gentlemen, right? Hot from the printer. They're still warm. Like some of the bodies in our audience. They're still warm, but only for a short time. These are the ones for the representatives. And they look great. Don't those look good? Don't talk. Dear. Ha ha ha. Although I tell you, you got ready to review his for your performance on Saturday. Don't let go to your head. Now, you're going to be doing Daffy show when she goes to France, right? On Monday, Monday, only. And then Marshall's going to come in here one day. And Don's daughter's going to come in here. Boy, I'm going to be sick that day. What day is daughter coming in? I'll be out. Wednesday. I'll be gone. Wait a minute. Let's see. Yeah, that's next week. Call to be open Wednesday. They're dark Monday and Tuesday. But they'll be open Wednesday. So if I have a big day Saturday and Sunday, I'll just tell Mark A. Wednesday, you know, forget it. And in Thursday, Ira, Fistel, Oh no, Ira Everett. I'll be honest with you. Ira does a pretty good show. I listen to him Sunday morning. And Ira does a good show. It's a little hysterical. But that's good. We need that. And then, Ernest Sochen on Friday on Shabbis, no less. Well, I get everybody ready for sundown services Friday. Boy, that, Ernest, what a sense of humor. Dear member of Congress, do you support censorship? If not, help us rescind the dangerous FCC ruling that threatens to make serious infringements on our first amendment rights, the current pattern of censorship and repression in America is all too similar to those. Those we saw in Nazi Germany, Cuba, and the Soviet Union. The censorship must be by individual choice. The must in big bold letters. The free market place of ideas is basic to our way of life. Help us preserve free speech at this vicentennial year of our constitution. Get the FCC out of the censoring business before it's too late. And that last sentence in big bold lines with three explanation points. And then a place for you to sign your name at address, city and zip. And on the front, representative or senator. So, and so, and you just fill in the name. And we'll put the stamps on ourselves. I mean, this is so simple. These look great, don't they? Who was the printer again? Sandpebble, we want to thank them for doing it, and especially, outstanding job at North Miami. For, these look great. And they're small. Aren't these a little smaller than, yeah, that's good. They're like our audiences used to that, because they listen to me. So they used to small things, other than the rest of my body. But, you know, so that's great. Let's see, Linda Thornton interviewed George Carlin about censorship. There's an article, well, we don't have to read the Harold, because I have Nat Hentaw, Sardacle at somebody sent me from the village voice. May 19th with a big picture of George Carlin. There, once there were only seven dirty words. It's a great column, but I don't have time to go into it today. So we don't need that rag, okay? Even though Linda's still a friend of ours, I'll have to hearing Joe show the other day. Boy, oh boy, is he desperate or what? Giving away pictures of prizes. Seriously, giving away and couldn't buy a call. Couldn't buy a call, Joe. I mean, Burdines has got some openings in the shoot apartment. You notice how quiet Glen is? You know why? Yesterday was the day they took out the cackle box. Yesterday was the operation. Did it go okay? Bunky buyer, yeah. They took out Bunky's brain, and they put it in where Glen's cackle box used to be. So when Glen tries to laugh, you're going to get a lot of politicians, names, and home phone numbers out. That Bunky boy, he was in here the other day with his lemon yellow jacket, that one that the George Schulti sold him 40 years ago, before George put the blue one on, man, it was good. Who Bunky? I know he can't hear it. He's talked to me, you have to pretend you're leaf-fowler, you have to shout. 23 past noon at WI and Z will come right back. Okay, I'll thanks a lot. Alec Horses lives in the back of the building, here at Wins never leaves. 20-sit, but he does make good sound effects, then he does it with his own voice. 26 past 12 at WI and Z are next call from Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Congratulations today yesterday. Yeah. This is the other half of the handicapped is incomparable. Go. Yeah, you were right on target. Go. All the way. You had a suit? You were a three-sided coin. How do you like that? Did you have it? Did I have it? I asked a guy on a grandfather's side, and I couldn't work out a 36-breathing at nobody knew about Sunday. What did I tell you? You got early money last time, and he needed the race. Oh, Lee. What? And you and I couldn't have written that heart. I'm gonna be your complete career. I saw that, yeah. To get the price up. Unbelievable. I think I think your audience knocked it down. You know, it could have been 61. No, it was. They knocked Pisces, Princess, down, boy. Yeah. Nine to five. All right, straight. I'll tell you. You don't like a champion. You can't do your thing. I get all I think we ought to do seriously. I know you have a very cheap audience. It's not not only the Chris Cmanian. It's just the audience. And you know, yeah. Yeah. Well, this was a bigger city. I have no doubt in my mind. The week or week, we could actually sell information. You know, and handicapping, you know, service. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And we have a little bit to go to any charity or a lot, you know. The other way. You know, you know, I can skip. Think about it. How many other people in this audience had 30 zip when she ran her first race? First time starter, Larry Geiger. I sure. Wild price with Alfredo Smith won going away. How many people had Gordon Potter and Bobby Breene and all those first time starter? I've got both 12. Oh, boy. I had it. 45 to one. I had it. Oh, yeah. That was highly. I know it. Well, you said it. I respect the triple. Wow. It's really cool. Well, eight. That was early fires, beating out somebody else. Yeah. I got my 12. 8. Three. You're right. And Breene just wanted by a long nose. Just held on. Oh, yeah. To get all the. Listen. I know. I know. I know. I know. I want to beat. I mean, they're all by it. Awesome. You know, okay. So I know what I'm about to beat. Because they're all attacked. That's right. They're all gathered around at Caltor because they're no racing there today. But listen, getting early start, you know. All right. Listen, we've got to put something about this ability of ours. Yeah. I wish I would have done something about yesterday. I wish I would have been there. Yeah. Boy, I can't believe it. Can you believe it? Just 20 bucks across on three sided coin was worth a grand yesterday. Oh, man. I want to hear something. They don't have any old TV down here. I know. Isn't that pathetic? Yeah. People who would love to go to track and can't track and still benefit on coins. You know what I mean? For those enter the pool. Yeah. All right. It was like, called my daughter in Connecticut. Because I couldn't be in the op to see the metropolitan. And she made a healthy wager on gold. She. Boy, you must have been where you watching it. I saw it on ESPN. You must have been real nervous while I didn't quarry was up. I didn't know there wasn't an inquiry. Are you serious? It took him 10 minutes. Oh, my gosh. Don't even have to pay it up. Ten. I say, there doesn't have a mouth. Right? Demons. God. Yeah. Well, listen. Now Pat, they made the difference. They got that stiff cordero offer. They're in a protest. They are. And he's so lost. I think they heard him a lot. You know. I mean, how many of the junkies do you know? I can come back after that, you know? There's too many. There's little or nothing else. I'll go. I never like cordero in the first place. I just can't handle it. If he can't, what happened to the ballads? Because he's back from Europe? I don't know. Yeah, he's trying his, you know, it's trying. I guess he wanted to meet the cash and cash in the studio. Yeah, they went to the bar. Listen, keep up the good point. I'll tell you. We love you. We listen to the work as we can. But you know, we have to have at least one day a week. So we, we're getting the horse and a week. Okay, that's a good idea. We'll tell you. We'll call it for him. We'll send him for a sheep. And then we'll send him a bus. And then we'll go to bar. Then once in a while, just for fun, we'll take a real stiff and we'll give it out knock it down to one to five. Like King of Dance last year at Calder. That was the hot horse. Still just turning. Just making the turn right now at the eighth pool. That was a year ago. What is that? Tell you. Okay, I'll see you at Calder. Okay. Bye-bye. I'm Tanya folks. There are a lot of rich people in South Florida today after I gave them four winners yesterday. Three that I came up with in the gentleman who just called a gave you gulps with 110 pounds and pat day in a desperate drive in the stretch. Knocking everybody else down, Chris Antley, by the way, who's a hell of a jockey with second. Of course, that's on his home, a turf there at Garden State. What a shame that a beautiful track like that is having so much trouble. No more harness racing there and they're just having all kinds of problems. That filled the office area, such a stiff area, you know. Liberty Bell Park is closed. Such a stiff area for the fourth largest market in the country and they don't support anything in Philadelphia. All they do is make a lot of garbage. NASA, hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, how you doing today. Great. I think you're starting great. Okay, before I say, let me say that. From the operators in our store. Yes. Tell me to say, you're, um, the enjoy yourself. Really? And, um, it's a good rake. Yeah, there are a lot of those cool operators in NASA. Yeah. Yeah. Fast operators. Yeah. But, um, I think you're, um, you're sure it's a great show and, um, I enjoyed very much. Well, we listen every day here. Oh, I know we're number one in the Bahamas. Yeah. We're not too big over here, but we're big over there. Yeah, man. Sorry, everything. Great. No complaints. A complaint. Just loaded with money and, uh, everybody's happy and all the old people are sleeping. It's great. I heard that, um, call her about, um, say, the men to go. The lady who call and, uh, she was still listening to herself. Oh, yeah. The one that we didn't get on the area. She was good. Yeah. She shouldn't hurt her, yeah. Okay. Don't call the sail at, um, we love you, show. We're going to keep listening. Um, tell all the other guys and tell, um, uh, Alaba. Al, Al, Al, Alibraria. Al, okay. Um, when he, when he was, um, when he was training for the WGDS, um, traffic. Oh, yes. I was listening to WGBS at the time, um, 777, 78. Mm-hmm. And, you know, it's good to hear it's way still on. Okay. Okay. Take care, Mom. Okay. See you later. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think they're starting to smoke newspapers in the Bahamas now too, aren't they? Kind of sifted over from Jamaica. 274-1 at W-I-N-Z are on traffic reporter, Ali Shiba, will be along. Ha ha ha ha ha. And afternoon drive. That's it. I should ask that guy question about Ali Shiba without LASICs. He had a great workout the other day, but boy, a mile and a half. No LASICs. Look out. Maybe don't give Chris McHeron LASICs. This game garden, hello. Hi, man. Hi. I was in a restaurant the other day and I heard a cute little story. Um, I'm gay. I live in Biscan Garden. And the table next to me had two guys and it looked like their mothers. They were taking out for lunch. Yeah. And the lady says to the one guy, she says, um, I didn't hear every word, but they just have the conversation was, you know, uh, so and so. I haven't really hold anything against you because you're gay. And the guy looked at the friend of his and was probably his lover and then looked back and at the woman. And it says, well, gee, that's funny because I hold nothing against you because you're straight. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's a good line. He says what do you mean in the guy goes into the shoes well, I've held nothing against the straight people for all the rapists to take, uh, have to take it birth to and they raise them the bank robbers and the dictator, and hit literally, certainly not gay. and that you know really made me stop and thank there's some question about Hitler by the way but let's not go into it okay well I just just something I heard because you know you always hear people say I have nothing against you because you're so and so yeah it's really a double coin of course there's good and bad in every crowd I mean look we had Joe McCarthy and Roy Kohn and the Jay Edgar Hoover I mean there are a lot of people that you know nobody wants to take credit for it's kind of like Albert's you know nobody wants to admit it exists in their town if it's in Latter Hill though tell you it's in the Inverory I live in Seattle for a long time we have Albert's in the up there and you know they're in nice place up in Seattle not here no no okay well I hope all your horses come in first okay thanks a lot you heard of magnet cities or magnet schools isn't that what it is magnet schools we have magnet supermarkets here they draw those barbarians just like a magnet man it come in maybe it's because they're wearing all that jewelry do you ever think about that maybe in the letters on the Albertson sign maybe in the letters there are some kind of gigantic magnets and it brings in all those people with the jewelry hanging from all over their body in fact I heard that Gene Stevens hangs out at Albertson's on a hell and they'll Zeta Rumor or what North might oh by the way before I take the call from North Miami they had that Chindig I didn't have a chance to get out there but last night Fud Rockers opened on the corner of university and sunrise so I would imagine that they're probably open today aren't they there's anybody at Fud Rockers listening or who works over there you want to plug call us and I want to find out how that is North Miami hello hello Neil yes I am called you in about a year and a half I haven't been able to get through um yesterday I didn't go out and I sort of figures that the way they do things here that they were going to watch for the seat belt users and sure enough I heard a report that they had gotten so many people that were not using their seat belt oh yeah I do not use mine I reason it and I knew if I went out I would be in trouble but however that isn't why I closed please don't hang up to all me because I'll make a brief okay I think I have the solution to the violin school problem that we have I sure hope so is I'd like to get it over with already well it's an idea only an idea now I'm 57 and I was forced to learn basic Spanish in order to adapt to the culture here however age has nothing to do with it there are exceptions yes the government would withhold a lot of the subsidies the grants for housing, Medicare, Food, Stance and etc etc you would be surprised how many people would learn until they learn the basic amount of English you'd be surprised how many would learn English and real short order and I think it's something to think about because as in short order cook right right because I'm 57 and my mind is of what it used to be and I had to learn it and I was forced to I didn't have a teacher with a matter of survival so I feel that if these subsidies until they could prove they knew a basic amount of English until all of these they were with help I'm sure that they would be able to speak English very quick that's all I have to say okay thank you I think she just saw the problem we all will become short order cooks 22 before one at WI and ZSC Mike Gonzalez and John tomorrow teamed up for back to back winners you know why that was yesterday Gulf Stream beginning ready for colder I'm telling you look out look out Miramar hello yes I'm on the on good afternoon listen Miramar I was looking to the Santa of the paper the throwaway paper that they dump on your lawn yeah it's a garbage that was about two weeks ago and then I said I was up to the sports section and I see this long shot that was running at Gulf Stream I should all point to my wife is Neil saw this he would have played this thing on our heart she would have plunged his heart full and everything up the horse was running at 72 one and you know what the name of that horse was I know you would have played it on the hunt speak no more have you heard about that one yeah I saw that well one I would say now you talk about Albert's please well if you think Albert's is bad if you're trying to make the first race at Calder and you're coming off at the Miramar exit and then you get some shit you're mucked at foot south $100 $25 and oh yeah I love that oh my god is the torque collector doesn't have to change and most of them won't do it because they've got to wipe out most of their change and they won't have anything for them other customers they got a call in to the authors which is a half a mile across the other lanes and by the time they get back there the marabond off back and up and you're trying to make that first race yeah and then the torque collector says to the guy do you have anything small he says that's the smallest right guy and you know that's there he's got something you don't you know what I would do if that happened to me I would just run out and give the guy a quarter I would you know yeah well so get the hell out of here already that happens to me all the time yeah our wife is Irish born and raised in Ireland and she loves that replicatinum song she loves it but she says over there they call him a Macintosh oh like an apple yeah that's a problem they keep taking a bite out of them too like an apple and it's for why they don't work to well what's that uh this is trying to buy a Macintosh in the free state is all under the table over there this is the same that song of a name it has the dice days in an uproar I'm sure that yeah okay after my next call I'll play it for you yeah you want to you want to speak no more I know that you would have you have you seen it would you play that on a hunch oh sure because I'm starting to go to run okay you too the brother got a call around a mobile phone hello oh you know how you doing couple comments about the beach since you brought that topic up again I was over there this weekend and uh I saw two two I guess ethnic classes of people one it was extremely Latin I was very surprised I crueced up Colin the F lot of Latin young and old yeah the other and I have nothing else to be able to them Jewish myself but there are a lot of the critic Jews over there oh yeah absolutely they're all slipping across the street with their 80 ponds of clothing 90 degrees in the shade and they're all slipping across the street I had shorts on and I was in the heat and they came up I'm playing golf and I had to do it in his son come walking out on the golf course and they walk right onto the green wall I'm putting work over my shoulder and then walk away it spooked me a little bit yeah I don't know what they were doing but uh that's the only two times people I see on the beach and I get out there pretty often I don't even see on the southern part of the beach the old people are minority now that's where but that's all I wanted to say I was up there this weekend yeah well you've seen for yourself the great comeback it's making right it's incredible oh yeah okay good luck to us all sir just waiting till they open up another club on the beach and just see how long that last yeah well it's all the others clubx see you later I mean this is the time of year when everyone's a wee bit higher they're clean would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me uh relax my shell early oh now that I would make a Patrick go easy to be wearing the green oh no there's a smart lusy he's making sure her light is wearing the killing green protection of leprechaunty don't be wishing not a 40th floor I'm fathered for the gift of am especially if you're planning on kissing some blindest stones as what have you been doubling your protection with leprechaunty this strong enough for a man but I like him too so it's just a leprechaunty and you won't be catching anything else 17 till one at WI and Z-Bod tell you one thing the lines of sure cleared out since we've talked for about five minutes about horse racing maybe you could just seem dropping off think blink you know just a like crazy like southern bell was pulling the lines hey that's okay I enjoy it if you don't like it that's your problem okay and date county there's an open line it's 624-01-91 wait now it would be a real good time well I have just a second to mention again we do have the postcards here for the so far campaign and this is really the next major step in our campaign to get the FCC off our backs and all you've got to do is send us your name and address is that hard I mean even if you've done it before with the petitions and whole other business we need you to get to involved again send us your name and address if you want to set a check that's great but it's not the mandatory so far oh I see I can't even do this anymore because every time I do it I have this feeling I'm gonna give it too fast so far that save our first amendment rights that will be along it too I don't have any promo card does that have a guest today no guest well that ought to be good let's see we had an execution over the holiday weekend and we had another one that I think that was stayed and we're gonna see if we can't take a petition drive to make sure that we fry that guy and then I couldn't believe it I'm coming to work this morning and Lee was screaming as always and what do you think one of the topics was that he brought up you know that jerk on California that they let out of jail after seven years the one that raped the girl and then cut her arms off with an axe and Lee was just all upset he couldn't understand why these people banded together were protesting that he wanted to live in their complex you know the guy did his time and he was poor old and leave Malone now you know give him his rights I'm sure he'd love to have him living next door to him Davy hello yes they're doing okay Albertsons yeah I can't really don't talk about Albertsons with all this heavy stuff going on the world please but listen to Albertsons if you go to Albertsons they will cash anybody's check I mean if there's anything good to say about the store they will cash your check and I'll do it anywhere in the country I heard Larry King used to shop there yeah that's all I wanted to say is if you want to cash a check to go to Albertsons oh thanks a lot now you're really gonna make it bad all right okay boy is that incredible or what in fact when the East ask Larry for his driver's license when he cashed the check at Albertsons and they say sorry that what's the question guys unbelievable he's consistent though you know consistent there's something to be said for that north Miami hello hi I've heard you talk a lot about French Canadians in the Pina part I've listened to you for about a year and it's subject has come up quite often very often yeah never I've never had any personal experience with him until a couple of days ago driving along the parmett I took the the exit to go to 27th Avenue and the light there to get off the parmett or onto 27th is rather long and in front of me there's this Cadillac I think you call it a bra or something one of the really expensive ones and there's two ladies sitting in it of indeterminate age one we want to blew him want to pink hair so I guess there must have been pretty old and it had a quick back license plates on it after four or five minutes of this light staying on red everybody's getting a little bit impatient what should happen but the driver's side of the car opened and a hand sneaked out containing a McDonald's milkshake carton with a straw stick in out of it yeah don't be on the road oh beautiful and then the hand came out again with the other ladies milkshake carton next to the other one and again with two bags of what I can only assume were the cartons from two burgers that they bought at a adult's driving or something sign very very unobtrusively pushed gently underneath the car with the door the light turned on she's soon straight on unbelievable I mean I stood there the guys in neck behind me were honking while I was not moving I was dumbstruck I couldn't believe it and he's with people sitting in a Cadillac you know you think that it more I don't know more sense or or class or in tech year well yeah no those French Canadians have no class zero unbelievable we're going to start banning them we're not going to let them come down here anymore but I was just going to cheat and they make a mess and their slabs in on a drive slow real slow yeah and the other thing I want to mention was now I know why they drive slow they're dropping garbage go ahead ever I mean offering me that I've never been to have some downs or right uh L. Stratani at those I came over here some friends of mine asked me to go with them to see the Kenbucky can tuck it down to the and better few races up at the one in north on Biscay north golf stream is it yeah on Biscay north yeah in hell and deal yeah right better or I wait a user I got there and I was very you know apprehensive I've never been to race track before I didn't know what to expect I'll tell you what I had the time of my life I am now going there every Saturday great make bets have a good time it is incredible and you just don't know what you're missing until you go and try absolutely cool you're up so yeah you're born as to death at all race track right I mean as long as you don't take you know as long as you don't take more than 10 or 20 thousand with you and you don't overdo it it's great yeah are we're gonna see what calder I don't know where cool to is cool I'm gonna see how it is all calder so easy to get to it's right at the it's right at the date broward line all right well we'll give it a try I thought I'm gonna be so much fun going to go stream I think I'll stick with that for a while and I'm not losing I'm not losing any I'm trying to break any of it but you better stick with we better stick with it fast because tomorrow and Thursday at last days calder up in Saturday oh well that's it and I'll be going we're about to go to the moment where about it's on 27th Avenue that's the extension of university drive it's right it's just south of Miramar as a matter of fact you're doing okay got it yeah I'll give that a try as well right it's run off the turnpike exit I mean so easy to get there no matter where you are it's it's great well I'm sure I'll be able to find it like oh yeah you have to become a horse player you'll know as well lead you right to the gate oh I'm gonna stand now believe me I'm having a great time okay we'll see you colder make a lot new good luck that's interesting rinse a slob is an anagram of albertons huh never thought about that for if that horse is running your calder Saturday in the third race wrences lob with George Santos man plunger brains out okay we've got several open lines now that's because the last caller mentioned horse racing again every time we even think about it all the sudden he's lined blink they just to go right out in date county six two four oh one nine one and there's even an open line in Broward seven six four oh seven oh seven Hollywood hello yeah I just wanted to make sure am I on the 87 87 line that's the one sir terrific the other night I called up another talk show host well not wait wait wait wait wait don't say another talk show host tell me who it was uh mister worth was no weirding I'm sorry and uh we talked about the FCC ruling and he told me that it already came down the one that you know for so far and I told him I'm already if you know if Neil wants to go to Washington and pick it I'll stand out there you know I'm ready to go yeah and uh and what did he say he just said well you'll give some recognition let me tell you I've noticed one thing about that man correct me if I'm wrong but he's like a machine you talk to him and he just spits out the information just you know it's exactly what he's gonna say to I don't I don't know to be I don't know to divert the conversation yeah but but he's very narrow-minded in his mouth but he doesn't like to be negative sir don't you want to stand he doesn't want to be negative if I the host in his mouth I want to be negative I'll leave that up to them this is the positive show so we don't like negative on these show we like Ricky tick we like restrain we don't like negative and let me give you an example yes exactly by the way I didn't know that you like the doors I have a lot of uh every record they ever made and some that there's still some the gym Morrison is still writing in the sky yeah well believe it or not I'm from Los Angeles and I had a buddy that worked on a rock and roll station up there KRQ yeah and I got some tapes of them that were never released maybe what I'll do is I'll send you a tape of some of this unreleased stuff great we'll play it on the ear and you can send me some of the you know uh to vests just alone first win part two or some of that stuff right you know like good stuff like that okay and also I'm waiting to know when are you going to have Jerry fall well on your show uh Thursday oh great I'm looking forward to that yeah and we're having Jim and Tammy Fay on Friday okay and Jimmy Swagger it's going to be on Saturday oh good while I'm at the track he's going to be praying for winners fantastic well at least I call if I didn't want to you know talk about sweet and low and in the prunes I didn't know what the topic was so I just wanted to call and say I listened to your show a lot you really get me angry not at you but the topic said you talk about yeah it's almost like hey everybody's taking my freedom away what's going on I don't know about it and especially when you live down here you can't even go shopping down here yeah that'll be next well you know we got the bumper sticker police and then you know we're going to have the sex police and those we're going to have a next so all right well was uh good talk and I'll tell you what we're going to have next before you go before you go I'll tell you what's coming next okay the breathing police okay have a good day thank you see you later finally the 10 record set you've been waiting for Tammy Fays unbelievable new album here's the rock I crawled out from under it's all here the headache the hearted the pancake my face my mascara morning raise Tammy Fays here's the walk that I crawled out from under once you buy my new album if you tell your burning hair you'll be the way you'll thank you God bless you okay well listen that's the end of this hour and we've only got one hour to go today boy time is just a slipping away here today slipping away and we do have some open lines the new hour boy there we be our wild and this our aren't they man they come and they go it's like they have to be a butterfly just to watch the phone you have to kind of flip the seven at WI and Z I'm telling you those monthly ratings just came out moments ago and we don't want to get into a big discussion of me here on the air but they are so good for this show I mean it's just incredible how high can they go it's unbelievable and that was before the switch over right on snooze that was before Lee and well it's gonna be tough now with follower in sacks back to backs it's gonna be tough but we thank the audience for their continuing support we want you to pick up the telephone directory and start at A at AAA AAA insurance 5A key locksmith and they call everybody in the phone book and tell them to start listening to the show we can do a 90 sure we still won't have any spots right my boy will let look impressive in the book well I beg your hand my resume maybe I can become one of those upperly mobile types you know those people are always thinking like three jobs down the road they're not worried about this job but they worked planning a resume for the big job in a sky or something now what do you mean is someone out there who demands to hear Rostadou she's probably the same woman in a supermarket who demanded that that woman pick up whatever was on a flooring now these pushy people man it just could drive you nuts the me raster you raster black raster you raster you raster you i say i a n i i see will you all come you don't we are just like i'm not that awesome i like jimmy clip and i like the smokash clip i like my super i am a huge type of guy raster me raster you raster black raster you raster you are not yet raster you i like go to chucho and i i don't motorbike chicken soup with honey that's what i like i'm here but taste it graster piece christian christ slanting and giving filter fish raster me raster you raster you raster black raster you raster you raster you i want to tell you raster you raster you raster you raster you raster you yes mon raster silica i raster What do they think this is? Waxi? We all request our this hour. Come on. But we do that for the callers. I'll I will say this. We had a great show yesterday. And Saturday we had two in a row for the V3. Now this show today has been all right. We haven't had too many mal-contents or misfits. We did have that young Cuban woman who got hysterical and just made a fool of herself. But then the other woman called in and kind of redeemed her. And just figuratively speaking, beat her with a stick. I mean, we'd be put her in her place, right? Like on Southwest eighth street. I mean, she just put her in her place. So let's see a show on the phone. If there are people who are listening, want to hear more of bits and music this hour. Let's look at that six lines lit up already. Ha ha ha ha. Well, listen, this is we'd like to do it with the Democratic way. And what I'm saying, we don't want to impose things on his audience. We want to give you the listener a chance to make the choices. When some show on me, you'll try to put me down and say, he has a lot of communication. I tell him right away, now listen, he has to take it. You heard a lot, show. This number, why in that nation? All the space, give a thousand words, okay? You should be true. You should not trust my smile. You should be true. You should be true. You should not trust my smile. You should be true. You should not trust my smile. It's my greatest school. I trust my smile. Be true, you're sure. I knew Bob Gammowki and Broiter didn't go. It's your own goal. And we're in everywhere when I go round the other, Hazy, Hazy, they don't go up to say. So be true, you should not trust my smile. You should be true. You should not trust my smile. Be true, you're sure. I trust my smile. You should be true. I know Bob Gammowki and Broiter didn't go up to say, he has to take it. Be true, you're sure. You should not trust my smile. Our Friday's all be jack up on the standin' service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be standing out my girlfriend's at the offer in the choir. Now she'll be singing away. Be true, you're sure. I trust my smile. You should be true. You should not trust my smile. Be true, you're sure. I trust my smile. You should be true. You should not trust my smile. Be true, you're sure. Being true. I trust my smile. You should not trust my smile. I trust my smile. Being true, you're sure. I trust my smile. You should not trust my smile. You should not trust my smile. It's 115 WINC and what should we do? Should we go back to the calls? I guess so. Now we don't want to take up all the time. The valuable time of these people have been waiting so long on a phone. They probably got important things to do. Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. To on wait. Sorry about that. Just pretend you were shopping in Albertsons. I will publish. Okay. I turned the radio on the spawner and I got that station in Fort Latterdale WFPL. WFPL, yeah. That's one of the electric company puts on a wire as yeah. Well anyway, I heard him give him a commercial and it was one call a TV's Crypto-WI-7 day cruise and you know, etc. And these prices will be given out in conjunction with WFPL and the Miami Herald. Or they must be desperate. More than desperate. Jesus, when they stuck you in that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. What is that tell you? You're not getting the Herald area. Oh no way. I get the full lot of deal paper. In fact, we ought to start a new slogan really kind of grind it into the Herald. No way Jose. Is that good? Is that appropriate? Yeah. Another reason I called. I put some of this cast on the Herald as a cast on the Herald. I put what's his name. I wrote it on. And he had a record on it. He was playing and I got the very tail end of it. Yeah. And I thought it was Ronnie speaking. The voice sounded just like him. And there was something about he had a dream he had been president for eight years. I don't know how. Didn't have the first part of the record. It was one of them who had it. Well, you know, far beyond for me to go to the rack and pull out. I raise material here, but I'm looking for it now. In the problem is you can't read his writing. Yeah. I think he writes in code. But whoever did the impersonation of Ronnie. Oh boy. Really? Really good, huh? Very good. Well, he's got good material in here that he's holding back. I'm going to look for it. I want to see how that if you would play it. Okay. I'll look for it. Okay. Thank you. Have a good day. Okay. Just saying no to the Herald. That's our slogan. And by the way, Father's Day coming up. Do Dad a favor this year. Cancel the Herald subscription. Dad won't have to go out there and bend over on the stoop and pick up that rag. So do something nice for Dad this year. Cancel his Herald subscription. And tomorrow we'll be giving you the numbers again. Just saying no to the Herald. We ought to get bumper stickers like that. No way, Jose, even in Little Havana. They say they hate the Herald there too. No way Jose. Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil. Hi. What's happening? Point is this. When it's taught this. This is like a little story. Friday, I had to go to the bank to make top payments. I figured while I'm there. Yes, I wanted to collect there. About free check. And what do I have to do to get free check? So I don't have to do all the bookkeeping. Anyway, he tells me you can't get a because you've not seen your citizen. Okay. So as a protection discrimination, you can't do that. I mean, it's against the law. Yeah. So she says, well, that's the way it is. And then the soul thoughts that makes it in her. I ask her to have a clerk a question says, When you get to be my age, then you can get it. As a baloney. So she says, man, you have a mother and father. Yeah, I got a mother and father. She says, well, you shouldn't brought that way. I just, but I'm right. A night. So she says to me, well, you're not. And you sound like you listen to Neil Rogers. Ah, right now. That's incredible. Are you serious? That's a two-way. This show is becoming legendary. You know what? Here's another thing I want to take a little point against you. Okay. Pittsburgh pirates. They're the most improved human being. Well, you can be so damn on them. Don't you carry it away. Oh, you know, five way to bed. A five being winning. You don't even want to treat. They made it. They got sucked in by saying, Loose again. It wasn't bad enough giving them to the. And turning it to be a sign on the war. Yeah. I have to give them. But I said that they made some damn good trades with the judges. They got. It's a dream. And you know, now they got a couple of good young boys. I've not had a few. They got it. Just remember, five game winning streak does not a season make and it ended yesterday. So let's let's the road, which is a sign of a team that's improved. And they're getting that great home attendance, you know, like 4500. And now if we get the pirate crime, if we could get the pirates down here, then we'd have something. And I made an echo to the heck. He's really got some good young coaches. Really got three good young coaches from the bank. And even though these guys might not be that good this year. And another year, these guys are going to be really experienced who for coaches. Yeah. Well, I hope you're right. It's been a long drought. It's been eight years now. And I'm sorry, I missed the program yesterday. There's also set the go to go. So I just now won't go any. Oh boy. Yeah, give up. Holy, go. You could have retired today, sir. I'm sorry. I heard you gave out a 67-dollar run. Yes, I did three-sided coin in the 6367 coming. Go to go to go to go to go to go to go. He won by five. Now he didn't call to his still offer golfstream. He's waiting for call to. I don't know. All right. He takes a, I just wanted to talk to you about that story. Okay. I'll see you online. Thank you. Bye-bye. 20 minutes after one at WI and Z, we have an open line in Broward if you rush to that phone. For what do you foric last few days this has been, you know? There's something going on. I think since I'd stop taking at blood pressure medicine, those doctors, I don't want to get started on doctors today, but boy, they can kill you. They make you into a human guinea pig. It's like they go back into the laboratory and are like Dr. Jackal and they start mixing up all kinds of stuff with the detail man. And when they come out, they have it in capsule form. It's unbelievable. Okay. Let's do a break. We'll come right back. This is early. Okay. We're having a gigantic meeting of picnic on the front lawn. All of the former wins employees are out there and they're lined up all the way to Miami Gardens drive. It's incredible. Unbelievable. I saw Dick Casper was out there too. I don't know what that means. Okay. Where are we going? Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Are you there? Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I want to hear a comment about Jim Morrison. Yes, sir. I don't know whether you know this or not. But two years ago I was in Paris and went out to the Parallel Shares cemetery to be my respect to all the famous people who were buried there. Yeah. And I was looking at my map because I have a map because you can't tell who was buried where it's out the map. At a young couple came up to me and said, you show me where Jim Morrison is buried. And I said, who? And then I realized who Jim Morrison was. So I told him, so I thought, let's go. Okay. He played two. Play third base for the pirates. Yes. So we walked along and all along on the other graves had been spray painted arrows saying this way to Jim. This way to Jim. Really? As we got closer to his grave, it said, you're not dead. You're still alive. We love you. And you finally come around to Hills and trees. And there's his grave. Yeah. And there're about six or seven people sitting around the grave. There's a statue of him at the top. And singing his songs and throwing flowers on the grave. Oh, I asked why was he buried there? They said he requested to be buried there. Yeah, he had ants in his friends. I get very good. Yeah. So that's all. Well, there's a cult you do realize there is a cult who really believes that he's still alive. I guess so. I didn't know all of this. Oh, yeah. The end of the past community grows and the door is. Yeah. But I was amazed to find out it's still going on. Well, maybe somebody will call in. Let us know. One of the cultists might be out there. Probably all excited after we played touch me. Very possibly. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. 125 little trivia for you there. We have an open line in each county now. We'd like to join us in his last 35 record-breaking minutes in a 624 0191 and in Broward 764 0707. Is it really true that the afternoons on snooze went up aftercame left? I mean, I don't know why I'm asking the question. Cause we don't talk about him anyway. Right? But I just couldn't resist it. Isn't that ironic? We have a little piece we are going to play for Mike Anthony at Wyw' today Come on, get started. Come on, get serious. I didn't hear it was it's something that I should have heard. Did I miss something good? Not that good. Okay, 25 past one, it's WI and Z. If you're wondering what all these little messages are back and forth, mind your own business. Okay, south Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hey, I wanted to know if that was you I saw yesterday. Up at Fort Lardale Beach, twist and away for the spring break reunion. Yeah, that was me. You saw that guy in TV? Pardon? You saw that guy. Well, you know, I thought Frank you have a lot in county Stevens. And I thought I saw you up there too. Now, they showed that. I thought they, you did watch the news last night. Yeah. They showed a fat guy there who looked a little like me. He wasn't quite as fat as I am. But boy, he was having an nervous breakdown, twisting and worked up into a sweat. And they just kept showing him. I don't know what that was all about. Yeah, I was like. Let's be one of the stockholders at Channel 7. Okay. Yeah, I always do the... It's definitely a fun field day up there. Yeah. Well, that's going to turn it around, right? I mean, if they do that again next year, then we'll have another big day next year and that'll be it. Great. Yeah. Bye-bye. Okay. Yeah, you know what I saw the commentary we've had about that? In fact, we had more commentary on the old road today than we did about yesterday's big bashing for Lardale Beach. I mean, that's really good to turn it around. I guess as long as they keep a Jan and Dean and Bobby V and Connie Stevens and Frankie Evele on their end of it. We can have a big bash every day, but I think that after the first couple of days it might were out of it, like lunchtime at the oldies, you know? Hallendale, hello. Hey, doing you. Okay. No, this is... Who it is? Being safe. Oh, green shirt. Hi, boy, you must be getting excited. Yeah, well, I'm probably be able to go right back to the race track. Boy, they're going to let you out of jail on Saturday. I can't believe what they did to me. Do you want to talk about it? I know the story. Do you want to talk about it? You're a buddy, you know. Wait a minute, don't start blaming me. I thought you and I were friends now. It's the guy that I told him to take a look and have him, have him, crazy, have him. No, he's not my friend. I don't know who came. I know, that's totally mean. That maniac, that lunatic. Yeah, well, he deserves to take a look. He and I like a joke, so right into the prep. Okay, now for the audience, suit, wonders what this is all about. This is green shirt, who used to be that obnoxious guy had called her on the roof garden, but who then we transform, we wait, we would a magic wand over him. And he became a great guy and a really generous horse player. And you must have really been hurting with Julio winning all those races. You must have been having an nervous breakdown. Now he's gone back with sample. This is Pizzou is number one fan. And he must have been, did you hear me give those three horses yesterday? No, in the industry. Are you serious? No, did you have three winners? I know you like that. All right, listen to me. Listen to this. I gave out too much to drink with Molina in the second paid 1920. That's the horse that's called me only. And the double paid 175 bucks. I gave out Pisces princess in the third with man's sea. They bet him down. He paid only 580, but 1 by 5.5. And I gave out three sided coin in the sixth race, who won by 5 and paid 6720. Oh Jesus, you had an hour of a day. No, I didn't have any day. I wasn't out there. I didn't have a dime, though. You're getting like, you're buddy. Like, call her exactly. I've got a long shot and I never cash. With the horse, the horse, we all have to come. Well, you must be ready though for Saturday. How's your restaurant doing? Yeah, I had too much to drink that day. And that's when the trouble started when the guy said I took a stick and I did. And I cashed it in and they banned you from the track for the rest of the meeting. But all you believed in? No, that wasn't. You must have been having a fit. I went to sight. I went to a couple of times. They threw me right out there. Really? Next time they're going to throw the book in me. I said, for what? Yeah, well, you've got to reform again. We had you in pretty good shape. And then you went crazy again. I had too much to drink. I had the horse. How's your restaurant doing? Nah, that took good. Not too good. Well, this time of the year boy, you just got to stay right. We got a couple of young dancers there. They didn't do too good either. Yeah. You can't get the young ones in hell and down. No. Anyway, I hope to see you Saturday. We'll be there in the usual spot. I'm taking the day off Saturday, you know. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You need to move relaxation. Well, no, I need a few winners. Well, yeah. The one in Sunday, you had my favorite, very good bed. I know. Yes, today. It's the tough one. Okay. Well, I'll see you Saturday. Okay. Okay. There goes green shirt. Lester. He's a good guy. Turn up. But then again, you know, he slipped up a little bit and got into way one of those Contratoms. There's something about people in horse racing. They love that word, Contratoms. Is there any special reason for that? Is that kind of a race track, sued word, Contratoms? Frank Wright loved that word. Many was always using that word. Then they took him off the ear on WOR. So he used it one time too many. Miami Lakes. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Someone here in Dave County that speaks English. Hallelujah. When is this, sir? No, I'm Louis, but I know. Good for you. Hey, Neil. Did you know Jim Morrison was arrested down here in the lake? Oh, yes, in dinner, key auditorium. Yeah, for Loot and obscene behavior on stage. Yeah. He had a slogan for that concert. When in doubt, whip it out and he did. Yeah. What do you think he'd make it the FCC? Yeah, they'd be nervous about him, I guess. Oh, man. In fact, we're going to have a reunion. We're going to bring back Lenny Bruce and Jim Morrison at the Orange Bowl. Yeah. He wasn't required. He didn't request me buried over in France. Where's where he uh, in Paris? That's where he died so they just buried him there. Yeah. He had, I'll also too much to drink. Yeah. Going back to the last call, yeah. Uh, talking about the Latino community down here and whatnot. Uh, you're driving around down in Hailea. No, not if I can help it, only when the tracks open. Well, have you ever done it? Yeah. I used to live there. I used to live right now. Maybe it's just me, but do you feel they drive different down there, too? They drive differently in Hailea than they do. Well, I noticed that when you're on a palm meadow and you go in by the 103rd Street exit, Uh-huh. It's hopeless. I mean, that's like the end of the world there. Oh, man. My wife and my blood pressure go to them about 50 points. As soon as I cross over the, in the Hailea line there, it's amazing. I'm just like, because I'm pretty rational guy that I go like crazy when I get in the Hailea. I can't, I can't take it. You start honking your horn a lot. Yeah. Just for no particular reason. But, uh, no, I think, uh, I think County's not a bad place. No, it's a nice place to visit. You just don't want to live there. Oh, I live there. I kind of like a new one. Yeah. Where do you live? Miami Lakes. Oh, and Miami Lakes. I used to live right next door to Miami Lakes high. Uh-huh. That's street or 12th Avenue, whatever that is. Uh-huh. But that's still long time ago. That's 10 years ago. I got one call. You got a lot of listeners here in Miami Lakes and there are some, uh, Are you serious? Yeah. I'm a listener. Oh, come on. In Miami Lakes? Sure. That's like trying to tell me we have a lot of listeners in coral springs. We have one listener in coral springs, and he called like three times yesterday. That's funny. Could I, I moved down to Miami Lakes from coral springs. Maybe I was the one listener. Hello, Neil. I'm just I'm reading a message here. Okay. It says Jennifer Rem listens and she lives in, Wait a minute. Oh, in the lakes. In the lakes. They don't call it the lakes. That's what all the upward mobile stuff. While the yuppies call it the lakes, I live over in the lakes. Oh, man. I feel like I've learned something so valuable today. The lakes. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't know that? That's incredible. Well, first I'm going to live in the lakes of carriage hills. First to check it out. They probably, the upward types call that the lakes too. That's what I mean. Okay. Listen, hang in there. Okay. Neil, bye bye. I'll see you on 49th Street. Okay. They're so screwed up in highly. They don't even know what number of the street is, you know? Unbelievable. Oh, I know that Scott Waterman used to live there in the lakes. Yeah. In Aliquarius. Is that depressing? Okay. Here's another story. What is going to be okay? I mean, I'm sorry folks. Don't start me with Scott Waterman. When you're playing, then we'll tell Kathy West's stories. Or really get the audience hysterical. What are how Kathy's doing? You think she's listening right now? Or you think she's pouting? Is she upset with me? Pouting? I mean, even that story in the waves said, We know who started it, Kathy. You did. Do we miss Kathy? If the people in the audience could only see the looks that I get from Kyle and the control room. That would explain a lot of my behavior on here. He just, you know, doesn't mince his words. Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. I was listening to WVC. You went down here today on Saturday. Oh, I. Have you taken the so far campaign to any of the colleges? Let me tell you. We haven't invited them. We have a big week of requested. We've had students who said that they were going to give them the petitions and we have heard zero from those Dunderheads at VOM. Really? Shame on them. Yeah, it is. It is because that's there. They're future. Not only that, but the stuff they play on here. A lot of it is marginal anyway. I mean, they really ought to be involved in this thing. And, you know, they're out to lunch. Yeah. I used to help. You said we're friendly. You said they're just talking to you. I mean, he's helping with one of the shows. It was one of the, it was, he didn't follow any format or anything. Yeah. I think all those kids don't have VOM. They're either doing drugs, or they're dressing up in Drag, all of them. That's about it. You'd be surprised. But now the, the dinner is actually a friend of mine. So I'm going to see what I can do for you there. And I have a friend that's also in FAU political science major. Yeah. Of the things. Please. And then the radio. Then I've time, he's too busy, pay the cutting everywhere. Really? So I'm going to take him off. You'd better petitions and see if I can get him going with this. Because I went down to the beach just then. and I like between two blocks I filled up one page. Excellent. And I ran into this guy and asked for the sign-in he gave me two sheets. So get some more signature. Yeah, we gave some petitions to Taffy over the weekend and her people were all handing out sheets. The kind you wear. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. I just want to ask a favor. Could you play that part that you once played with two guys in the shower about the car? Oh, that's a gun. It's only why I can play anything else for you. But that one is... Oh, that was the best. Fan H.D.N.O. You take all the good stuff away from me. I want to tell you I'm Cuban and I don't wear any rings. But uh... But you're working on it. I'm working on it. Okay, thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. 24-0 no more. Spick it in freeway. That's gone. That's gone. People in New York said we don't know how that slipped its way down there. But it floated down here as a matter of fact. It just float we open up the door one morning and it floated in the door. With John McLaughlin. And then we open the door up and they just kind of floated out together. So I don't know what that means. Okay, only kidding, John. Only kidding. Uh... Boy, I love his wardrobe. Don't you? You like those hats? He doesn't wear those hats anymore. Does he? That he used to wear no. Now, Rex reads said some nasty things about that and he cut it out. Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm up here in my city. Uh... First time calling. Boy, this is taking us back to the beginning of the show now. I just forgot how to head to him to quiet. Good. I was in the air force in the early 70s and I got my words from QC for Air Force Bayes to get him to air force Bayes. That's where that was. It said Panama City. That said Central America, they said no. Panama City floor. I've heard them floor for 20 years before. I knew they were the Panama City floor. Yeah, in fact, we have our own Panama Canal over there. Right. And like I was there for close to two years. And I'll tell you, you can take your bed and put it on highway 98 and not fear of getting run over between Labor Day and Memorial Day. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there's something to be said for that. Yeah. They mean, say, that's where all the people from how they'll go, that's they die. Rednecks and deadnecks. Also, on your same back Canadians. Yeah. My daughter goes to the Carter High School and I had her bring me home of blank bumper sticker. And I made up a bumper sticker to put on the back of my pickup truck. Bumper sticker, please probably going to look. Be looking for me now. It says, make Florida road safe. Teach Canadian to drive. Ha ha ha. Now we're going to put up a sign of the border keeping in Georgia. You're not letting him in anymore. Yeah. Also, I think our lunch is governor up in Tallahassee. You know, with Canadians and all these geriatric and condo commanders. I think he allowed to put machine guns in our current signal so we can get him off the way. Yeah. That's coming next. That's going to be mandatory starting June 1st. Really? Yeah. Oh, good. Well, now. Hey, only at the state capital. Okay. Have a good one. See you later. Okay. Now, somebody wanted us ordered us to play the Vatican rag. Now ordinarily, we don't get ordered around by the audience. But in this case, it was the Archbishop. First, you get down on your knees. Fiddled with your rosaries. Now your head with great respect and turn you flexing. Flexing. Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the Montem. Everybody says on curial, as on doing the Vatican rag. Alright. Yep, in line in that processional step into that small confessional. There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it safer. Drink the wine and chew the wafer. Two or four or six. Eight or five times a transcendence. She's so get down upon your knees. Fiddled with your rosaries. Now your head with great respect and turn you flexing. Flexing. Take a cross on your abdomen. When in Rome, do like a ramen. I'll be Maria. She's good to see you. Can't stand against fire. You're mad. I'm gonna do the Vatican rag. Friday nights, there two Miami Cubs with a hot new beat. They're on the streets fighting crime. Look pal, we just don't do strip searches for gay walking. You can't waste advice. We get a problem. The mood's getting back in town. Lieutenant, in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach, hold them down and then set their hair. Yeah, it's back in town. Let's go get on. They'll stop at nothing that clean up the streets. Officer, I'm sorry for skipping in the most kipping zone. I hope you guys don't get on the beat. Just take a seat now. Globally. A chair. A chair. Yes. He was nice. All right, stop you pick pocket. I've lived your pardon. I am not a folk pocket. I'm sorry. Just blunt. Like his hair couple and a hit my mecub. Son of a new beat. In key West vise. Friday nights at nine on MBC. There two Miami Cubs with a hot new beat. They're on the streets fighting crime. They pops at the hand of kids face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In hell and they'll vise. We get a problem. The great game is a two little tricks. We've sent it in that the group has seen your citizens and went around trying to get the early birds special after seven. Yeah, they're back in town. Let's go get them. Yeah. This is David Nathen. We're cleaning up the streets. They're lighting. You can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line. Yeah, they're determined. We clean up the smuggling business. All right, sister, you're under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the charge? There's an abounder. I'm going to first have to see that white stuff. Yeah, just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here. Oh, for it. Sweet and low. From that restaurant, she just came out of. Let's take a minute. Yeah, there can be a hit by a cubs. I know how to move. It's hell and they'll vise. We're being disqualified on MBC. It's almost like having a concert in a great while we're doing that honor of the old Winds and Poise who are meeting out in the front lawn. They're backed up now all the way to the lakes. It's incredible. Over there by the country club, we're standing. We used to take us all to eat. That was great. What a cheap skate. Fort Latterdale. Hello. Uh, um, you know, I, I used you for a lot. Just, all right. Right. Um, what city? Um, what city? I mean, what town did you live in? Uh, Brighton? Oh, Brighton. Okay. Well, I'm from the, I've been down here for a while. I've been down here for 13 years. From where? I'm from around the quiet. Around the quiet. I had relatives in around the quiet. My of my brother was in Brighton. Great. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that, um, once all you mentioned, why hot, so red ones and donan bobs. I'm Bob, so you never met you at the time of science cream. Oh, yeah, fantastic. The best. Yeah, of course. A lot of tell you, I like donan bobs, frozen custard that chocolate almond Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Oh, yeah, that'll just knock your socks off. Yeah, I know. Well, I wouldn't tell you if you don't know already there's a place down here. It sounds like a wild spot. Is that the one down in the town of Country Mall? No, it's a base side. Are you serious? I'm serious. They have white hearts of red hearts. We're there last night. My husband and I. And they're the least they charge real home. And it's the great. What's the name of it? It's called hot dog express. It's the only hot dog. Contention off. I heard there were a lot of hot dogs at base side. Yeah, well, these are the second floor. And you know, you don't say red on the menu red hearts, white hearts. So, you know, if you're over out there, my bring that to memory. Oh, only the best. Boy, just the aroma when you're walking to Don and Bob's next to Brighton Elementary School there. That's why I went to school by the way, Brighton Elementary. Really? I have. Is it Rogers your real last name? No. This is not a rough name, is it? No. No, it's be hell for, is my real last name. Oh. Now you see why don't you use it on the air? Roger's my middle name. Oh. Well, you know, my dad, everything you know my dad in that town, you know, he's in the meat business. So, all the everybody in the restaurant's new home. So, I thought maybe he might know him something. I saw your picture in the papers for the first time. I saw him, I recognized him, but kind of maybe one time, you know, I'm not sure if I run into him. Where did you go to school? I went to go to high school. Oh, I see, yeah. And I came to college down here. But anyway, this time I was tired. Well, it's always great here in from Rochester. And I know it puts the, uh, puts a rest of the audience into a coma. And I enjoy that because it's kind of like a little thing we've got, you know? It's funny. It's amazing, you know, it's, I mean, you're personality, everything is, you know, everybody's so straight up in Rochester. No, they're not, but I don't, don't say that. I mean, that's a straight, but everybody's straight-laced. I'm petrists now, or anything. Yeah, kind of like, um, ultrasound shock when you come down here. Yeah. And I was just amazed to find out you were from there. He was like, listen to you for a while. Well, I was straight when I was up there, but, you know, that's an other story. Okay, listen, have a great day. It's good here in from you. Okay. And if anybody believes that, uh, they're really in the twilight zone. Straight is that broken arrow. Remember a cheap broken arrow, who call the other day? Okay, now, what, are you serious? They want to hear the lawn d'erre? I can't believe that. Did somebody really want to hear them? Want to hear that again? Boy, we ought to do an investigation on the taste. We ought to do the, have the taste bud police checking out the audience. Well, I'm the kind of guy you think you're also getting them clean. I watch, I buy, I follow them, I'm the Chinese ones, the queen. I bleach them and I start to am and I charge you by the phone. But I do it over nothing just to watch them cleaner. And so, I'm done, no up. I'm done, no up. I'm done, no up. You bring me filthy, underwear, and hanky slick with gums. The pleasure stay with ducks, those you are just a loyal scum. The undershirts are yellow and your clouds are winkle-paw. Don't get me long, I ain't not complainin' that's how I make my dog cut by the lawn d'erre. I'm the lawn d'erre. Custings are la la la la la la la la la la. Yes, I'm the lawn d'erre. I'm the lawn d'erre. I'm the lawn d'erre. Custings are la la la la la la la la la la la. Well, there it goes, right down the old. Right down the old hole in the ground. I couldn't believe that I heard Alice together. They're talking about the tidy bull man. Is that incredible? Oh, Alice, come on, honey. Let's get serious. Boy, that child is really just, um, I don't even know how to say it. Be kind, be nice. Okay, listen, we're going to take some more calls here. We've running out of time. This has been a very fast show. Usually the day after a holiday, even though I work yesterday, it was a pretty easy show and we had a lot of calls and everybody was in a pretty good mood. But usually the day after the holiday and you come back, it's pretty grim. In fact, for a while there, you remember that one point when the phones dropped off? After about 40 minutes or so and it looked like it was going to be like last Thursday. Don't forget, by the way, the day after tomorrow is Thursday. So you can start rehearsing now for your bad behavior coming up on Thursday. How it rubs investment advice? Okay, another guy from Biscayne Vartens who called earlier, I appreciate the sentiment, but no, I do not want a copy of the Italian Stagion tape. Okay, don't want the video. Would slice to lawn. In fact, I don't want anything with sliced alone. Can you imagine him naked? Oh, God. Give us a break, will ya? Speaking of sliced alone, though, I think that in honor of him, if I can find it, do you realize we need another carousel on here now? Well, that'll get y'all really upset. He'll have a nervous breakdown. I mean, we've got this thing so full that it's just on believable. I can't find anything. I have to keep stalling in case you haven't already noticed. You'd have to be brain dead, not to notice. Every time somebody calls us, could I hear this? And I just keep flicking this thing all over the place. And I just can't find anything. We're just full of it. Okay, I'm going to take another call and I look for a while. We're up. My Emmy. Hello. Oh, no. Hi. I'm going to prolong the coma of your audience for just a little bit. I want to talk about horse racing minutes. Okay. Well, we're almost out of time. Don't worry about it. Okay. I'm 24 years old and I know nothing about horse racing. And I hear you talking with all these people with this horse Lingo, I don't understand anything. I was wondering if it would be too complicated once I get horse track to get into the betting, whatever. Now, it's very easy. Really? Very simple. Is there like an explanation of books writing on that? In other words, you've never gone to a track. You've never go to the dog track or to a high lie. Never. Are you serious? I don't have any friends who you know about either. Nobody? Nobody. Well, I tell you, maybe we'll take an hour on the show one day. We'll go into a later this week. I think we'll do that. That's a good idea. Before call to opens on Saturday. One day this week we'll do an hour. We'll get into answer all the questions. We'll get somebody on the phone too. We'll get some expert. Some. I'm here. I'm here. I need to just sit there. I'm playing and blow your money. Although I will tell you this, there's such a thing as beginners luck. There are a lot of people. Sometimes the less you know the better you are. Really? Just pick numbers. Or bet on names. Yeah. All right. The gentleman who sings the back and rag in the front of him, Brian, who is that? Tom Lair, L. H. R. He was very big in early 60s. There are three albums. Once called that was the year that was. And the ones called an evening wasted with Tom Lair. And I forget what the third one's called. There are three albums. And if you go like into peaches or one of the good record stores, if they don't have them, they can order. All right. Well, I'm looking forward to the educational horse racing thing. We'll do it for sure. All right. Thank you. Awesome. Okay. And those of you who are like racing, you see the thing about it is. We don't have a family bill or a minors bill in Florida yet. Where the only state in the country that is per mutual gambling. We don't have any minors bill. So unless you're over the age of 18, you can't get in the track, which is pathetic. Because you've got to make people fans when they're young like in baseball football and he's sport and horse racing in addition to the gambling is definitely a sport. So we need to be on the air here promoting people getting out there. Have it a good time. It's not the idea that you're going to take your lifetime earnings and go out there and plunge your brains out. That comes a couple of months later. After you get started. But in the beginning, you take a few bucks. It's entertainment. It's like going out and blowing a hundred bucks on dinner for two, right? At Burger King. Something like that. Okay. I'm going to look over these numbers. Now these are not the numbers for the track. These are the ratings. Numbers. They do a month by month up there in the Beltsville, Maryland. We shouldn't say arbitrar. They get real nervous if you say that. I never said it. I say arbitrar. I hear Marshall Moore talking about that all the time. Like when one company buys out another company like General Electric buying out RCA or Or why is the house buying up radio stations? Stuff like that. So vester still owns stars in his most challenging role since Ryan Stone. Yo, man, you came and you came without taking The new year for a day. Stallone is Manalo in Barry. First went part one. The miracle. General Dakota. Absolutely. Copa, Canada. With my own hands. Rex Reed says I love the costumes. Gene Syscalic claims four stars. Yo, absolutely. Roger Ebert says. Pass the popcorn. Silvester Stallone as the limp arm of the law. Barry first went part one. You are the disease. It I think you. Yes. You. And coming this summer. I know you are the one of our. Run your power. I know you are the one. P. Weas. Last adventure. I know you have the one. Okay. Who sent Brian to across again? I can't believe it. Let's leave him alone. He's giving the neighborhood weather in O'Jusd this week. Okay. 155. W.Y.N.G. Let's do some real good calls here in the last couple of minutes. Okay. Like at least one. Miami. Hello. How. How. Well, I was the University of Miami. There are 60s or late 50s. I recall the time. We're records in red fox. Were they ever played on commercial radio? That's a good question. I have no idea. Red fox. In fact, in the beginning, you could barely sell it in the record store. People used to have to sell it under the table. In fact, Pearl Williams called me on the air a few days ago. Remember her? No, I don't. Bell Barth and Pearl Williams and real fox. Yeah. And she was talking about the fact that in the beginning, the record store is used to have the counter. You'd have to ask for them because they were so risky that they were real nervous. So I doubt that there were too many stations playing them. Maybe later on in the 60s, obviously. That's when they started playing Tom Lair. Now, there's one record I wish you could get your hands on. I recall. I think it was banned. I don't know what to call it. He has the right. Maybe the FCC to ban a record. It was a spoof on the Bible. I don't know if you recall. It was in the 50s when I went to Miami High School. Yeah. It was going to be six. It's in the book. The record is sort of half sung and half-taught. It's about a, you know, preacher. Never heard of that. No. It's in the book. Now, I'll just call you around town. See if I can... Well, the best way to do it call peaches or, uh, one of those record stores. They've got that big directory and they can look up anything that's ever been recorded in there. They can find out for you instantly if it's, uh, what label it's on, if it's still up, you know, in print. All right. You'd like them. Play that. Sure. You're listening to this. Uh, Neil? Yes. I've been listening to you, but I've been for one hour now. I've been trying to get hold of Northman to be post office because my postman had been here. And he says, be here too soon. I'm sure they're in. But I've got to check here going out for the DFW fundraiser. Yeah. And so I can't get a hold of post office up there. Anyway, I just, uh, and when it says down there, for us, it's thanks to Neil at W.I.N.C. Great. Because, uh, he just burnt me up when they said that he went by there. And I called the gentleman, was so nice to me. Great. And, of course, I live in Northman, it'd be, should not, you know, two-part from the M. I said, by God, if I can't afford to give it $10, I hear, you can afford the 22 cents stamp. Uh, you know, just start me up when they call me, yes, they're in the, this gentleman went by. They said, well, they changed the mind. Yeah, I can't believe that. Isn't that incredible to go all the way over to somebody's house and then say, well, I changed the mind. Yeah. You're almost back here and cried all afternoon. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. We more than made up for it. We got him a lot of money yesterday. Well, I've got a $10 ticket you made up to the, if there be fun raises. Okay. Thanks for your help. All right, darling. Bye-bye. Here, I love you. Thanks a lot. Uh. Okay. Nice lady, New audience, has sent me a copy of the record that the gentleman was just talking about. That's great. Well, I'm telling you this audience, as sharp as a razor, sharp as a razor's edge. You name it. They got it. One of the great things about this. You're not single windows. You can hear everybody talking in the other room.