It's 1007 at WI&Z. We hope you're going to have a wonderful weekend. It's great to be alive and sound Florida. And we have a lot of apologies to issue today. In fact, that's going to be the theme of our show is I wish I had the record by Brenda Lee. I'm sorry. We looked for that few weeks ago, but we couldn't find it. We couldn't dig Brenda up. But that probably would really fit in very well because I have a lot of apologies. Might take the whole four hours today. Just to apologize adequately because while a bottom line is, you know, I'm really a bad guy. That's what it's all about. And I think I owe a deep apology a series of apologies to a lot of people. But before we get to that, senior Valdez is again, as always, taking everything and twisting it, you know, he's put it on now and he's a wounded hero. And his family is in danger, etc. And so on. And we've been very, very clear on the show the last three days in urging people when they called the Metro Commissioners and their offices not to be hysterical and not to be rude. But just to, you know, voice your objection to this ridiculous, unneeded referendum that Mr. Valdez and the commissioners want to have. Let them know that we don't want to sit by idly and watch this community be turned into a laughing stock again. And I think Justin Gillis, the Harold Staffwriter who wrote the article that appears in this morning's hairl because A, he actually talked to me and B, he actually quoted me correctly, which is very unusual in this market. For example, Channel 4 yesterday. And I understand they're coming back out here again today and they ought to because they ought to be ashamed of what they did to me yesterday. The irony of the whole thing is that all three of the local affiliates did come out here yesterday and we did get some coverage on this story. But the irony is and I have to be fair, Channel 10, which didn't even come out here, did the best job. They used some old file footage of me and, you know, it said last November over my ugly face and that was a bottom line. But they did the best balance story and Channel 4 really did a disservice because they picked up something I said in mid-sentence and took it out of context. And I was saying they keep doing this to us over and over again. And I was talking about the politicians, but I'm sure that a lot of people got the impression that I was talking about Hispanics or Cubans or whatever it might have been. And that's not what I was saying in that sentence, but they took it out of context very poorly. And Channel 4, I'm shocked and amazed and disappointed. Channel 7, of course, they did it on that live at 5 routine and that of course is always embarrassing at best, but at least they try to get the story straight. I didn't see the coverage on Channel 2, I don't know what they put on. Because I have no idea when they even run that. Did they have a local newscast on Channel 9, so when would they run that? I don't know, they were out here. Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts at public television ladies and gentlemen? But nonetheless, it's a great weekend to be alive in South Florida. And I apologize. Not for anything specific, but just in general. I mean, if there's something you're upset about, I'm sorry. It's my fault. If it rains in the middle of your picnic, the safftono, in the middle of your Bobby Q, if it should rain, I'm sorry, because it's my fault. I guess I must have been born under the wrong sign. As a matter of fact, I think the sign I was born under was a Delhi. But anyway, as far as Mr. Valdez is concerned, one of the things that I found shocking, because I have forgotten how stupid this man is. In watching the peace on Channel 10 last night where he attempted to speak a few words in English, Mr. Valdez reminds us that he doesn't even understand what the anti-biling will ordinances. And in an interview with our own Jim Lone of Wins News two days ago, Mr. Valdez says that he is going to continue with this come a hell or high water. The article in the Harold for those of us who don't ordinarily read it. But it does happen to be here free in the building and the price is right. But the article says that the other commissioners are and also a group of Spanish leaders. Cuban leaders in town are going to try to persuade Mr. Valdez gently to drop all of this and to try to get out of it. All except of course, Jim Redford who is a real lung head, Mr. Redford, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. It says if Valdez rejects Hispanic leaders pleased to back off, at least some commissioners will feel obliged, to honor the earlier compromise and send the bilingual issue to a public vote. You just can't double cross people that way, Redford said, Well, Valdez came out and made his compromise that was hard for him to do. Are we now supposed to blow him out of the water? The compromise, of course, being that instead of just having the commission repealed the anti-biling will ordinance, they put it to a referendum. Some compromise. In other words, because Mr. Valdez is personally insulted by the anti-biling will ordinance that his feelings are being heard to quote him, therefore somehow the rest of the commission is obligated to do something. And with thinking like that, Mr. Redford, we ought to go a long way in Dave County. A long way toward reinforcing that image of a juvenile delinquent, which is quoted in Justin Gillis article in The Herald a day. The New York Times piece, citing Miami's reputation as a juvenile delinquent, many political leaders said Friday the town had proved the point. I mean, we didn't waste any time. It was only two days between last Sunday and Tuesday. And here we were trying to prove to the world that the New York Times was right. And Mr. Valdez, I know it's very difficult to confuse you with the truth. To get you to understand that nobody is slurring anybody in that the anti-biling will ordinance is just sitting there, causing no harm. All of the debate, all of the compromise, all of anything that's needed to be done with that, that are over-finished audio's are even there. And I'm not going to keep talking about this. After today, I'm not going to discuss it at all. I will give the numbers out again on Monday, and any other days that it's necessary for people to want to continue making the calls. But I'm not going to continue discussing it every day, because first of all, it's depressing. Second of all, it raises my blood pressure and gets me really I rate. And I'm not going to go back to doing that kind of show again. Because I'm not going to be the savior of the community. It's just not possible. I've been trying that for 11 years and it doesn't work. And my life is going to go on one way or the other. You know, I'm still going to be a bad guy, and I'm still going to have to come in here every day and apologize. To everybody. I do want to thank, by the way, I do want to do this publicly. Since Tuesday, while I guess Tuesday was kind of a banner day, we had this thing by the Metro Commission, and also the spring ratings came out on Tuesday. And since that day, most of the people in this building have gone out of their way to come to me and congratulate me on the incredible ratings, which by the way, I have the hour by hour numbers here, and we will go into those in depth on this show. In depth at length, we will salivate, we will savor them, because certainly in some quarters they aren't doing that. And those of us who are a part of this show, which includes not only me and Kyle and the Tweety Bird, but the audience as well, we're going to savor this. But I started to say a lot of people in the building went out of their way to come to me and say some nice things. I appreciate that. And I also commend them on the great numbers that they got with the news and beating the competition. In fact, the only area is that we were weak in this rating book. Or after I went off the air until talk that came on, and of course the six o'clock hours never a highly rated news hours. So that's kind of a mood point. But two to five, or two to six, were the lowest rated hours on this radio station, and that's all changed. Now that Mr. Frog is here on WI and Z. And I got news for you, and I convey this with the utmost sincerity. There are days when I get hysterical because Mr. Frog is doing Miami Vice again in Don Johnson, and other things that I find tedious and terminal and repetitious, but Mr. Frog at his worst is 80,000 times better than what he replaced. And at his best is 10 million times better. And the proof is in the pudding. It's right here, the tangible proof that over half the audience of this radio station at 2pm was turning that dial. And I don't want to mention Daffy's name, although it is interesting after these many weeks, that Daffy is not back on the air someplace else. And if you want to make a lot of money, you can wager anybody and everybody you know that she will not be back on the air anyplace else because she's not a broadcaster. And I hold no ill. I harbor absolutely no personal negative feelings toward Daffy. But in terms of a being a broadcaster, she never was. She is not and never will be. And her program was repetitious, monotonous, boring, terminal. And not only did over half of the audience tune it out into a clock, but those people under the age of 100, on mass, said audio. I'll read the thereich, Ostela Wago, which is a step for bilingualism right there. In fact, Mr. Valdez, if you want to do a public service, maybe you could get her back on the air on some station because then everybody would be saying Ostela Wago to that particular station, and that's a step toward bilingualism right there. Daffy was an unmitigated disaster. But I apologize now having said that because I'm a bad guy and I shouldn't say that. As a matter of fact, when I was coming to work this morning, it dawned on me that because I'm a bad guy, I probably shouldn't say anything. Which could be arranged. There is nothing in my contract that says I have to speak. I do show up here every not you're smiling about the effort stuff and think about it for a minute. I do show up here every day. I put in my time during the week, not on Saturday. I'm not that dumb anymore. I come in about 9.30 on Saturday, but during the week I come in here early. Sometimes it's early as 8 in the morning. Put a lot of work putting all these bits together and putting stuff on cart and coming up with ideas and doing different stuff. So I certainly put in my time. Now the idea that I also have to come on here and speak, let's not get carried away. As a matter of fact, we might start that in a minute here this morning. As Simon and Garfunkel would say, the sounds of silence. And even with the sounds of silence, I have a feeling that we could probably get a higher share than some stations in the market. I'm not going to mention any names because we also owe an apology to our friends at the other end of the building. Right? To our former friends. At the other end of the building, who have been very kind to me, well not all of them have been kind to me. Jeff Chase is not kind to me because Jeff is paranoid about this program. It's a nice guy, never stole a freight train. Got a fine voice. Little boring. Now, and I see, I shouldn't have said that. Shouldn't have said that I owe an apology now. Exactly. Let's start making a list of all. Is there enough ink in the whole world? For me to make a list, is there enough paper in the whole world? For me to make a list of all the people who might need to apologize on this show today. Certainly, George and his whole family, Mr. Valdez. I must apologize because even though I told people no violence, no threats, no hysteria. But Mr. Valdez is quoted here as saying, please kneel to the bait the issue, differentiate between me and the issue for the safety of my family and the sake of our community. While Mr. Valdez, you have made yourself the issue because you're the only one we can find who really wants to rehash this disgusting issue again. So you have made yourself the issue. But in spite of that, Carl at this moment, as I speak, is making a long list on my screen here of all those people to whom I must apologize. This probably will go for, oh, pages and pages. This is going to be worse than the Iran counter hearings. I want you to call up Senator Inoway right now. He's got the weekend off. I want you to call the Senator immediately and also Lee Hamilton. Or Alexander Hamilton, whoever you like and get them in here because there's no question we need a little inquisition on this program today. Okay, let's take our first break and when we come back, then you can continue with that long list. Yes. Oh boy, a few of what I was laughing about. That's only the half of it what you just heard. Anyway, we're going to have some fun here today and I'm just going to come in here every day and have a good time. I have been the last seven months in the screw all these other people. You know what I'm saying? If they want to be real super sensitive and they want to start acting like little children, that's going to be their problem, but I'm going to keep having a good time. And wait a minute, oh, we've got a long list of people here. So if you're thinking about calling, you might have to kind of hold it off so to speak because we have a long list of people to whom we have to apologize today. And just about everybody. Think we ought to start with our corporate chief engineer, don't you? I could do the whole show on him easy and then I'd really have to apologize. When I finish saying everything that I would like to say, I think they're ought to be a law that that man is not permitted to come into this building and certainly not to touch any of our equipment. Don't you? I mean, the one thing I will say and I know this is a miracle because I just got through telling you about the nice and we do have a lot of nice people who work in this building. In fact, most of them even listen to this show during the week now around the building, which is an incredible miracle because, up until a few months ago, the people who worked here didn't even know where to find WI and ZI on the dial, much less listen to it. But they are listening and there seems to be, well, there seem to be a lot of people having a good time during these hours. And even during two to six when boring Stan is on. But getting back to our engineers, the amazing part of it is because I've never been known for saying all these great things about engineers. Because once upon a time when I first came here, we had an engineering staff that had a degree of incompetence seldom seen in the history of radio broadcasting. I mean, it was just frightening. And since then, some miracle has taken place and we have evolved into a situation where engineers are great. And they're cooperative and they've actually even in some cases become a part of the program. We have our cart carousels in here now, and we have this succuing machine. I can't believe the miracles that have happened. Not grand, you're not gigantic, spectacular things, but little things. And as Brenda Lee would say to bring her up again, little things mean a lot. And if anybody knows that, I certainly do. Real little things. Sometimes mean a lot. So we love our engineering staff. And that is of course those who are specifically on the payroll of WINZ, AM and Zeta FM. That does not include, of course, our corporate chief engineer, who we're now in then comes running around the building, causing chaos wherever he is seen. Now I think that perhaps he ought to consider moving to Portland main would be an excellent move. They have scenic falls up there, the spring is not granted, the winner is not too much to get excited about. But the fall is magnificent, those falling leaves man and the autumn, those autumn leaves. Even Roger Williams has never seen a side quite like those autumn leaves. I'm almost tempted to start playing that record, course I don't have it, but if I did, I'd be really tempted to start playing that music. And what is this about his new BMW? All bought by this company is that what you're trying to say? Well, more power to them because we're a low budget operation. But we like to reward incompetence. We do not necessarily like to reward competence, although I will say this, and here comes my next apology. My retraction, I'm going to swallow my pride. I'm going to swallow it right on the ear now because I have in my hand found this in my mailbox and I don't want to get ready to get upset. This is just a radio show. I've discovered for whatever reason, and probably the reason is because the corporate hauncho was in town last few days. And he gets everybody here very upset. He's just not what you call a really pleasant friendly guy. Like the station has got a 6.3 share in a rating. It's the highest rating this station has had in many many years, certainly in the modern era of radio in this market. We are number two overall. The only station that beat us is like an elevator music station life, which isn't really even a radio station. It's just like a background music service. So we're like at the top of the heap. But this man unfortunately came in and kind of put everybody into a negative frame of mind because that's just his disposition. He's just kind of a surly negative guy. Because he's been sitting in Portland main all those years watching the leaves turn. And when you watch the leaves turn, you know after one, the beginning it's beautiful, but after about the 20th year it gets re-aloofed. And your brain begins to turn just like the leaves. You know how the leaves start to get like brownish red and then they get kind of rotten and they fall off. So a funky buyer is listening perhaps a quick trip to Portland might be in order, or at least just a phone call and give them the telephone number of your lobotomist. Would that be the right word a lobotomist? I don't know if there's such a word, but it sounds good to me. You know a guy that they can call on quickly when they need one fast like Bill Casey something like that. But in my mailbox this morning I have a brochure from our general manager Gary Lawrence and I do owe an apology to Gary. I don't know for what, but I do owe an apology. No, I just went off the deep end yesterday. I went off the deep end, but it really had nothing to do with him that had to do with our program director who has become. Well, I don't know I don't see because then I'll have to apologize to him after I say this, but I'll say it anyway. You know how like Tony Perkins plays all those rules. In fact, Mark is beginning to look a little bit like Tony Perkins if you notice that. He's under a lot of pressure and a lot of direction. He was doing okay until I came back from vacation and said all those terrible things about having you know the station carried the hearings and all the north and all of that stuff. And that kind of set him on edge a little bit and then of course when our corporate huncho came in this week that pushed him over the deep end pushed him off the edge. But I have my American express Hawaii. Vacations brochure. And I said yesterday that our management could take this 10 day vacation in Hawaii and stick it where the moon don't shine and that was a terrible thing to say. And I'm sorry. Because I want the vacation. And so now we are going to figuratively speaking reach where the moon don't shine and pull the vacation back out. Now what are you now come on what's wrong with that we have to pull it back out in fact here it is we are extricating the brochure back out from where the moon don't shine. And thanking Gary from the bottom of our hearts. Not serious that was that was a tacky thing to do. And I apologize. Sorry. We'll never do it again. I will also never do Saturday again. But that's another story. You see when I say things like that they just laugh at me then they get a good sense of humor. I say other things they don't have a sense of humor. But when I say something like this is my last Saturday. They laugh. Why is he funny huh? Boy if I get a long list here I'm telling you what stand may have to do with stay home today. I could go down as whole. There are other talk stations in Hawaii. I think they got one now. The only problem is you'd have to make about 500,000 a month in order to live out there. The cost will maybe I could just kind of hang out. Over there with Jack Lord on Diamond Head. When they stand the jack has a lot of spare help just kind of hanging around the pad over there on Diamond Head. Cook them, Dan O. But we don't want to get into a thing about Hawaii 5. Because it happens to be one of my favorite shows of all time. I know that gets a lot of people hysterical. How could you watch that horrible show? Well maybe I'm only fascinated by the fact that they shoot Jack Lord through the same Loneom. That they shoot that character on Notts Landing. I can never think of her name. Well I don't know why her name keeps slipping away from me. The one who was in the Play Misty for me. It's on the tip. Donna Mills that's it. Donna Mills. They shoot her through a brick wall. And let's face it. If you're going to be shot, you know, your best chance is be shot through maybe a steel wall, but a brick wall is second best. And they did the same with Jack Lord. If you watch any of those episodes of Hawaii 5.0, you'll notice that everybody else, their faces crystal clear. Even Chinho, who may he rest in peace, looked just like Senator Innoe. But not Jack Lord. Jack is always like in this cloud, you know, always shot from 500 yards away in real fuzzy. That's because Jack is about 100 years old. Okay, 27 before 11 at WI and Z, this is a apology day here at Wins. I think we need to take another break. Okay, now this somebody else we all want to apology to, may she rest in peace, and that big dog he haven't in the sky. Lady, how those of you who have been listening to WI and Z for a long time, all remember, Lady, and those wonderful John's through the Atrium would Jane Linde, our former executive secretary at Wins. Every day at 1230 after lunch it used to be play time. And those were the sounds the Jane was making. Uh, haha. But that's another story for another day. I'm going to write a book about this radio station. I really am. I mean, I've worked at three stations in the market, and certainly KAT was a bizarre place to work. And WS News was, uh, I can't even begin to tell you because I was there from day one for six years of living hell. Uh, that was a real interesting place. But here at Wins man, it's just, uh, there are little nuances and all sorts of things that go on at the, for example, as I said, ratings came out on Tuesday. This station is kicking ass as they say on those FM stations. I know. I only said ass. Okay. I didn't say the other half of the word. Pull. I didn't say that. But anyway, uh, we're really doing it. And everybody, well not everybody, but most of the people in the building are not making this up. I'm not saying this because I want to be, well, I'm, I am an SD guy. But most of the people here are like psychotic. And I came in this morning and I'm really, I'm just, I don't know, I'm like in limbo. I don't know whether to scream or eat a banana. And I discovered that I'm not the only one that for unrelated reasons, we have people in our news. We have people in our newsroom, for example, who are just, um, I mean bananas. Just, oh, yes, we also want a apology to, uh, lady in our newsroom, which we'll be doing much later on in the show. In fact, we may run out of time before we get to that apology, but I do have it on the list. Kyle just reminded me. Well, what is that? We want a apology to Donna Mills. We're going to leave her name on that. We probably do. Because the inference is that Donna Mills is, you know, kind of a wrinkled old bag now. And that's why they need that heavy filter on there when they shoot her on not slanting. That's the inference that the obvious implication its clear is going to be. And Donna, we apologize. Lady, of course, unfortunately, was shipped off to Tallahassee, which is a shame because she was next in line for several key executive positions here at Wins. And who knows what office she might be sitting in right now? If she hadn't made that in temper and moved to Tallahassee, right? She could be the head henscha right now. She could be sitting in Portland main in that executive chair, which might be a big improvement, right? But we don't want to get those people upset because after all, they're the ones who dole out this heavy bread. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay, 21 before 11 at Winscha, let's see. I want to do something when we came back and I missed it. So let's catch up with that. If there are people in the audience who really think that they're going to call in today and say something meaningful, you better forget it. Because boy, we're just, I'm just going to have a good time today. Because I went home last night and I tied myself to the wall and I just, you know, impaled myself on several sharp objects and I said, well, it's time to time to punish myself for having been such an evil and bad and nasty guy and for all of these terrible outrageous things I've done. There's so many of these wonderful people who, after all, never stole a freight train. Maybe a Kabooser too, but never the whole train. Dad, what are you doing in the Volvo? From the producers of the chillin' man, comes another slice of real life cheddar. Free Alibi films, presents. The teen days you. I'm sorry. Good night kids. Remember to keep that story on now. Okay, my way from us. What teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood? I mean, only thing that's certain is, they'll get a pair of all. It was the creamer. Tell your daughter I'm ready to take it as slumber party. But I thought that was just for girls. Yes, sure. I show you something just for girls. When they go through puberty, you go through hell. You go to see nature. It's for sure. Now, destroying a living room near you. Terrible. We apologize for that. 1041. Hey, listen, we're going to be apologetic. Now, let's get to these numbers. Okay. And yes, I will confess that after this particular rating book, we've done a lot more. I didn't look in the radio TV page. All I looked in was the local news section of the Harold. Wait a minute. Hold on. Did you see it? No. All right, before we get started now, let me just take a peek. Because you never know Linda Thornton may have redeemed herself. Oh, yeah. Mike the dog. That's the big story on the radio page in the Harold. They're Mike the dog. And some little stupid thing about Miami Vice on the opening. The season opener of Miami Vice, Stan, I'll be excited about that. Stan, open your Harold 3B. I tuned in Miami Vice last night for about 30 seconds to see if I could watch it. And it was Don Johnson doing something with a telephone and something up scene with a telephone. And I was hit. And at that point, I tuned it back out. And went back to the brave's game, which was really depressing. Why are they playing good ball or what those brave, huh? Boy, they are really the Chuck Tanner Influence is really sinking in again. He is so bad. So bad. He's almost as bad as the guy who manages Leil and Jim Leil and see. I remember the name today, the manager of the pirates who changed smokes the cigarettes in the dugout. There were only 100 games out of first place. No problem. But then, Stomplain, Leiland, the reason he's changed smoke and is because he's inheriting everything that Tanner left a couple years ago, all the monged. Oh, yes. Speaking of monged, I have to apologize again because I did call somebody in this building. I want to mention our program director's name. I called somebody a mong brain on the ear of the day. I apologize. I take it back. See, this is only a radio show. I keep trying to convince these people. It's just a radio show. There's a lot of it that's just a stick. It's just a show. It's just entertainment. It's just to keep the people knowing that their pulse is ticking, that something is going on. But all of a sudden, everybody's getting real sensitive. You know what I mean? Real sensitive now. I'm not supposed to have any feelings because I'm a miserable SOB and I'm not a human being. So naturally. You know, the fact that my best friend died three weeks ago is not important because I'm just supposed to, you know, overlook those things and my life goes on. I'm just a miserable, like a rock. Okay? So I'm sorry. I'm really very sorry that I said those terrible, in temperate things and I wounded, I pierced the feelings of all of my wonderful contemporaries, early some of them here in the building. Well, only a couple of them really, you know, if the truth be known. Anyway, what would you like to know about the rating book? Would you like to know that a 10 o'clock in the morning on WI and Z? We have a 10.2 share of the audience. See, I would have been delighted to have these numbers at night any time. And I did have numbers like this and I had some that were higher at night. But nighttime is a different ballgame because there are about half as many available people. So the ratings that you get at night in this business are, they're distorted because you get much higher shares at night than you do during the daytime, allegedly. So a 10.2 share in the daytime would be like a 20 share at night. More or less. An average quarter hour of 72,500 people listening. Which in the 10 o'clock hour let's say, yeah, that's higher than any other. Quarter hour, on any other radio station, AM, FM, PM or BM, although the 11 o'clock hour on this show is even higher. A 10.8 with average quarter hours of 80,500, and most incredible part is that an awful lot of them, a big chunk of them are people under the age of 100 living and breathing. Like 18 to 34 and 25 to 54 and also it's interesting that we have a lot of people over 65. Isn't that interesting? They didn't all go away. The only ones who went away were the miserable old prunes and those are the ones we wanted to have go away. But the people with the sense of you, where the people with an IQ of over 3, they're still out there of all ages. So we start with a 10.2 share, a 10.8 at 11 AM, and noon a 9.0 at a 1 o'clock and 9.6. And for anybody listening who is in this business to try to absorb those numbers, to try to absorb the significance, the meaning of those is almost more than I can cope with. Then a 2 o'clock when Daffy was on, we dropped from a 9.6 to a 4.7. Which simple arithmetic would indicate that more than a half of the audience and 2 thirds of the younger demographics were all going to the radio, diving to the dial where they desperate move to say, a rivet d'irch, a dios, a stalawego. And I think it is kind of interesting by the way, since sunny fox is always talking about the numbers and we do thanks sunny by the way. I've got to apologize to him also. You left him out the list. We got to apologize because sunny called on the air. Was it Tuesday afternoon when I was on with Stan for a little while and he called it congratulating me now. I grant you he was a little saust, but nonetheless he did call to congratulate me on these incredible ratings. But it is rather interesting that a 10 AM, why 100 has 5,600 men 18 to 34. The Neo Roger show has 7700. At 11 o'clock, why 100 has 5700 of the same demographic I've got 84 hundred on it goes. I mean, they don't even come close. 18 to 34 year old males. And why 100, the top rated FM station in the market doesn't even come close. I grant you they got a lot of teenagers, but we don't want teenagers because the FCC has told us, you don't want those teenagers hearing all this stuff, whatever it is that we allegedly do. We're terrible and frank and evil and grotesque and whatever. Now we do have you know 100 or 200 teenagers here or there, but that's you know that's just a statistical fluke. That's just an accident as opposed to the 1800 or 3800 or 3500 that why 100 has. I wonder how WGTR is doing during those same hours with those many 18 to 34. Wouldn't that be kind of interesting to look if we can find them on the sheet? Well, that's right there on the previous page. I was not interesting. 11 AM, they have 89 hundred, the Neo Roger show has 84 hundred. At noon, they have 77 hundred that the Neo Roger show has 84 hundred. Isn't that interesting? Just a little statistic. I know these statistics mean nothing. To the average person out there in the radio audience, they mean a lot to me. And that's why I'm going to take 20 hours today. We're not letting major on the air. We're taking talk now. We're going to preempt it. And we're going to go over all of these numbers slowly, carefully and repeat them over and over again. I have to take some, something in that some joy in sitting here and looking at the fact that over the past 10 months out of nowhere out of the thin air out of a miracle. I've been able to, of course, we have to thank all the help we've gotten along the way. All the promotion, all the, no? Okay. I mean, it's happened like spontaneous generation. It would be like walking into the middle of the street in a desert town tomorrow and seeing a whole beautiful community built of living and breathing people. And you ask yourself, where did they come from? And somebody said, no, it just spontaneously generated like garbage. You know how it happens in garbage. How you have those fruit flies. Spontaneous generation is what the term they use for that. And that's where our audience came from, like from garbage. Now, no, that's probably not a very tactile way of putting it, right? Of course not. That was just a little shot because we do appreciate the support of all those wonderful people out there, including the living and breathing ones, but we don't want them to get a big head. Because certainly if I'm not supposed to get a swelled head, then the audience should not get a swelled head. We probably have to call Fred shots in here and give you all kinds of instructions of what you do when you get a swelled head. Can we say that? No, I apologize for having said that because it could be misconstrued. Okay, let's take our last break. We've got a lot of numbers to go over here now, so I want you to get your pencil sharpened up. I mean, I'm just what I'm going to do is just read numbers like, you know, 2.6, 4,700. I mean, I'm no fool. I know if they want me to come in here on Saturday. I can kill 4 hours off easy. You know, I'll just read all the numbers from, they gave me all this stuff. I mean, even Mark put this in my box after I was in there screaming and yelling and carrying on and saying, you may need to act, you mung brain. But I think he's feeling a little better today. Should we call him at home and put him on the air? No, let's not do that. He'd be upset. It's uh, yeah, and then I'd have to apologize again. See, I mean, once we get one apology out of the way, let's at least leave that particular person or person alone to Monday. Over on the make way says Zuki, the ultimate two wheel experience is here. Yes, 5,000 species of plain fury waiting for a man, much on off that team. It's the Kamachazi XS, and it'll take you from zero to 200 miles an hour in under six seconds. Oh, God, because this babes got everything except for eggs. The Kamachazi XS, it's the last motorcycle you'll ever run. I think the cause is still hot. For Dr. Nguyen, will I have a half hour? I don't give a whole. And there's absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever. And so I wanted on it on it on it. You know, something we owe Ricky Tickie and Apologies in a while, we just stepped on him. And of all the people in radio to step on. He would be the worst. Wouldn't he? I mean, a man who does talk up to instrumental. The only man in the history of radio who did a talk up to Jimmy Dorsey so rare. Ricky Tickie and we just stepped all over him. And we apologize. I mean, there's no discussion of situations of events of social problems, or anything else. It's just shock and radio. I know. Okay, six minutes before 11 at WI and Z. We're going to be asking the audience today. Well, we've got several different things that we can invite them to call about in the next hour. Okay, just wait. Just cool a little bit. But in the next hour, one of them of course, we want a critique of the stand major show. We want a comparison between stand major and Daphimicala. We know that stand can be monotonous. Repetitious sometimes boring can overdo the Don Johnson routine. We also know that Daphimicala was beyond terminal. Beyond terminal. As she was lifting all those promenorities up by their bootstraps. She was also putting most of America into an instant coma. She was better than Sominacs. That's one of the things. And of course, the other thing is, if you feel there are people to whom this radio show owes an apology. We want to hear about that. In fact, maybe some of you can do the apologies for us. Because let's face it. How humble can you be, right? You can only do so many of them. And you just kind of naturally run out of humility. We're going to do all kinds of stuff today. Because I'm just in the mood to do it. And we're going to kind of make the transition back into having a good time. I'm not going to have a nervous breakdown. And I'm not going to have a stroke for the audience or for Mr. Valdez. Or for the management or for anybody else. Okay. I'm just not going to do it this week. Of course, next week is another story. We're going to stop this. To make up for Ricky Tickey, I'll finish it with stopping. I'm not going to do it this week. I'm going to do it this week. I'm going to do it this week. I'm going to do it this week. I'm going to do it this week. Okay. We stopped it. Now whether I've redeemed myself or not for stepping all over Ricky Tickey, everything the whole rest of this program is hanging right now on a press of the button. I mean, if this is perfect, if this is as tight as well, I don't want to say that. If this is as tight as as humanly possible, if this is what radio disjockeys salivate and dream about, then I may have redeemed myself. The moment of truth. I think it's not my favorite recipe. Baby, that's me. Who is the winner of the song? I'm the winner of the song. I'm the winner of the song. I think it's not my favorite recipe. Baby, that's me. Baby, that's me. I'm the winner of the song. I'm the winner of the song. Baby, that's me. From Calcini, we're cool too. Have a little groove, shave them aside to their heads. It's the Neil Roger show with Neil Roger's today. George Belldance talks about some early experience. Charlie Whitehead apologizes to the entire planet for Dave County. And Rick Evans finally sends a bill for all those pieces. And now a guy who's still druggy from staying up all night listening to frogs and stands house. Neil Roger! Thank you Mr. Wolf. In 11-0-8 at WI and Z we'll back for hour number two on a Saturday morning. This is the stand major build-up show and we want to apologize to George Belldance and his entire family. To have him a column, we have Chase Rick Shaw, the FCC, Jack Lord, Donna Mills, Peter Bullger, Mark Hewend, Patton Debbie Boone, Gary Lawrence, Dick K.Pen, Linda Thornton, Bob Gilbertson, Monkey Bire. Mike Anthony, Lee Fowler, Mike Spindell, Greg Boudell, Don Agony, Noodles, and Sunnypock. Boy, I never thought we'd get them all in. It's 11-0-9 at Wins and we hope you're having a great weekend and we're going to give those numbers out to lines or flashing frantically and that's your show today folks. Do whatever they have you want. Okay, and don't apologize to anybody for whatever you're going to do. In date County, 624-9400. Love means never having to say. You're sorry, isn't what that Wimph Ryan O'Neill is. Nobody said in love story. Love means never having to say. You're sorry. And here at Wins, where we love each other a lot. The number in date is 624-9400 and in Broward 524-9400. Everybody is so sensitive this week, man. If you had any idea, they're just all like on the Razor's edge. They're on the edge of a nervous breakdown. Well, it's difficult to handle all this great success. It's easy to handle mediocrity. Anybody can do that. Anybody can deal with a one-two share. You know what I'm saying? I just, you know, that number just came to mind. Anybody can deal with, well, I'm not so sure. I don't think we could deal with a one-point-two share. Now, I think we'd have a lot of problems. Okay, let's go to the phone and see what the audience is up to. North Miami, hello. Yes, sir. The other Japanese seatbelt is on travel 4. Yes, but he on the news. Yes, I did. I was too much. How far will Neil Rogers go? I've received that thread on my life. Yeah, like I'm responsible for that, right? As a right. Neil, I was wondering if you received that article I sent you on the world. Yeah. Did you? Yeah. Okay. He's really all I had to say. He's coming here with a pop-in September, you know. The amazing. They're traveling together now. I was the same one as sent you're booting the box. All right. Yeah, right. Well, listen, the mail is still coming in on that. And by the time Pat and Debbie get here next month. Every man woman in child in softwater will have their very own personal copy. So you can take a lot of credit for that. Good job, Neil. Thank you. Wait a minute. La Bella, with I'm sorry. Hello. Hey, here, Neil. Yeah. Turn it up. Great. This is for all of those speakers in radio land. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Bella, I'm sorry. Now I got to write this down too. I did love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you, sir. And all of our friends out there, thank you too. But enough is enough. It's 12 minutes passed 11 and WI and C. We have an open line. And each county is a matter of fact as I speak right now. And day 624, 9400 and a Broward 524, 9400. Kendell. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. You have the best rating in Miami. You're never wondering, you need to apologize to anybody. Well, that's not what I hear. I think it's a deal in this. I'm a deal in this. He started. He starts something and he can't finish it. And you're just speaking for the people. And I want to let you know I'm 100% behind you. Okay, and I'm really sorry. Okay, well, thank you. I'm sorry, folks. I don't know what it is that I'm supposed to be sorry for. But whatever it is, I'm sorry. Because I'm just basically a bad and nasty guy. And I take it all back. There are no mung brains. There are no douche bags. There are no subhuman idiots, right? Just a radio show. Miami Beach, yellow. You know how you're doing. Okay. Listen, I heard you got a job at WBTA. So, uh, the house. And now we're leaving today at 3 o'clock. Great. I'll be the guy sitting outside Batavia Downs, waiting for them to open. Waiting for post time. The thing that I was going to open for a couple months, you have doesn't? No, but I'm listening. Never can be there too early. Okay. So, when you're leaving up there? Uh, as soon as I get off the air today. Okay. I'll see you at Mancussos. Oh, so yeah, that's for Enzo. Okay. Enzo, the baker. And he's the guy that made the Marlon Brando the cake in the Godfather. Hey, with him. Yeah. Listen, now, uh, can you do me a favor and play the holiday song for my wife? She never heard it before. Now, which one are you talking about? Uh, uh, wasting a way in hell and deal? Wait, she's been, I, I've had her listening for like three weeks now. And she can never catch you when you're playing the song. You mean the whole song wasting a way in hell and deal, right? Because we went to, we were a, uh, maneros yesterday. We had dinner in maneros, stay house. And there's just being bothered. She was annoyed by all the old people. And I told him about the song and, uh, Tell me you could play it for. Are you telling me she never heard it? Never heard it. And she's been listening for like three weeks now. And every time you play, she's, she's not around the radio. And I thought, you know where you could do me that favor. But you know what I was doing? Of course you do realize I was stalling for time to try to find it. You do understand it. Right? Yeah, I, I realize that. Guess what? I found it. Okay, but he appreciated it. Okay. Don't owe me a apology. Okay, I'm sorry. I, it's me, so I. Bye-bye. And for Mr. Intendol, I and Sunny Rosenberg, who looks like a flaming figure of the May, all those other great Americans in hell and day, we are sorry that we're playing this record, and we apologize ahead of time. You and I, she's cute. It's making an issue. All the old folks are living more. And check in the sea, you can see me. No, they never say please. Just waiting for their lives, best you could have come. Waste in the way you can, you could have lived here. Yeah, yeah. Such a fall of false teeth they left in a glass. You and how they claim that there's a top host to blame, but they know it's their own damn fault. The shutters in the night, to get the early bar on time. And what's you just as loud as they can? And what's they a seed? They get overheat. Such stuff and roses we're loving and bad. Waste in the way you can, you could have lived here. They're looking for that long glass, father of you. And how did it say that it's all of truth? But for some, and I'm in the blue. You're folks don't know the reason. But nothing is pleasing. With muscles they can't just don't fit. And what does it matter? When they call up the kneeling shadow, I hate you never listen to your shun. But waste in the way you can, you could have lived here. Just a box of men on these little way you. And how did they claim that it's all dark hosts to blame? But no, they can't wait for their shun. And how did they claim that it's all dark hosts to blame? But no, they just can't. Waste for your shun. And now, I continue with Neo Rogers commercial sweep. Three commercials in a row, without music or phone call in a Russian. A 94 W I can see. And you're the one who's been playing those songs that you played with the lyrics that are in there. It's shocking. Twenty two minutes past eleven at WI and Z. We do have an open line in day if Ricky Tickie would like to call in on the day line 624-9400. You remember when the last reading book came out the winter book? And I had the seven. And we had all those people in the business calling in and just just spazzing all over on the phone. Remember that? Well, see now it's beyond that. Because now they don't take it so lightly anymore. Now they're saying, well, wait a minute, this is getting too serious. What's going to happen when the guy's got a 20-year-of-the-hole audience is not going to be anything left for us. They're getting a little surly now. Okay. I mean, in the beginning it was great. Shame on them. Miami Beach, yellow. Well, Neil. Yes. I happened to see you on television yesterday in the afternoon. Well, it was an wonderful sur. But do you happen to be a nice looking man and you're always belittling your looks? Why do you do that? You're nice looking fellows. I apologize for doing that, sir. I'm sorry. I thought to see you, that's Neil Rogers. I looked a couple of times there to find angles. You really came across real life with Michael. I would say that. I just like Jason Getrix, sir. Thank you. Okay. I'm going to have a wonderful lecture. And you're not my type. Four-later day, hello? Yes. Neil Rogers, I'm really appreciate what you're doing. I think it's great. You're blessing this idiot's mouth as I've exposed to him. Well, that's not what I'm going to say. Well, that's not what I'm going to say. Well, actually, asshole, it's really fitting. Okay. And his honor being that you're in the mood to apologize to people this morning, which I personally think is totally unnecessary. I wouldn't play that long for him one more time. What song is that? You're an asshole tonight. Now, that's not the name of the record. Well, it's the I-95 song. Okay, now you got it, see? Now, if you're going to ask for the song, but now I think you owe me an apology. I owe you an apology. Okay. I'm very, very sorry. Apology accepted, and I'm sorry for asking you to apologize. Okay? Have a great life, sir. You're a whole life. Either way, it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A. That's that, that's that, that's that. And don't you try to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. I worry asshole yesterday. Here and ask for tonight. The girl you've got a feeling. You're being asshole the rest of your life. I'm yours. I'm yours. I should tell you where. And I was talking to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I thought you were an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Cause you know that you're a whole life. Cause somebody told me, you've got an asshole for life. And all your friends are asshole. Or you won't. Or you won't. Or you won't. Either way, it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole. I'm yours. That's that, that's that. Hold the night. You're 11 27 at WINZ and George Harthey. That was for you. Not for your family. Not for any of your friends. A quaintances. Not for anybody else who lives in your neighborhood. For you and you alone. Okay. Let's and we apologize by the way for playing it. Let's go to Pompano. Hello. Yes. I'm sorry, but I'd like to ask you two questions. I want to ask you one question is in baseball. Why don't they call it an error when there's a past ball. And a runner advances or a guy goes from. A runner advances by an. Good question. I don't know. Whoever officially, you know, made this story rules many years ago. They decided that there would be a separate category. I have no idea. I'm going to make an error. You can make like a throwing error. But on a pass ball when he lets a pitch get by, it's just ruled that don't go in the error column. It's just a pass ball. I pb. I see. Okay. Now the second one I'm sorry for. I understand that people that talk we a lot have bad hearing. Right. Is that right? A cuban's at the racetrack when they talk to each other. You can't even hear the amounts. They talk so loud. Is it you think that they have bad hearing? Are you? I have a wonderful day, sir. I'm sorry. Okay. Well, at least he apologized. Okay. There was a man after our own heart. Got all his little shots in, but he apologized. In fact, he even apologized up front before he threw him. Okay. That's our kind of guy. And what we want you to do, folks, is just run around town this weekend. Apologizing to people. And have to be for any particular reason, but you'll make him feel better. And if the caller who played I'm sorry, by Brenda Lee would send us a nice clear cassette of that boy. We'd be eternally grateful, man. If we can get in time for Monday's show. For Monday, we might play that all day. Like, after the mail comes around 11, we might play that from noon to two on Monday. Hollywood, hello. Oh, yes. Hollywood. Actually, what I did this this on the long time, Listener, the first time, caller. And I'm calling from Hollywood Beach. Great. Well, we're sorry that you have to live there. Yeah, really. I think the one person you forgot to apologize about. Okay. Yeah, we apologize to her. Okay. Anyway, I think I got a tip for you in the fourth today. In the fourth reason, caller, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me get the sports section out. Okay. Because we can probably knock the price down on some horse to about two to five today. I can't make it. Oh, wait a minute. Can I make the fourth. Let's see. One, one, thirty. I could make the fourth if I really raised over there. Two hours. I'm at the real, I just got to get three here in the front of mine. Actually, that front of mine is the acquaintance. He said, you're a scalority in the fourth. Michael, Michael Lee. No, no good. I didn't say that. Michael Lee's been hot lately. Yeah. I was there yesterday. I got the one five in the second. Lester or Mike Gonzalez, but benign, I got a bigum. I love that horse. Yeah. Look at that. The three to five shot was in the toilet. I love to see those two or five. I love the track man. I love that. And look at that. Gonzalez won the seventh. And here a burt of Aldivie. So one two and a row. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Robert Lester, day and colder. I was going nuts. I lost everything. What are you talking about? Lester won the first race. That's all. I'm sorry. I was a day before. I was there because I'm on vacation. He kills me. I'm telling you, Lester just kills me. I mean, I know what it was. I knew it was going to win. And I said, I don't want to better many way because. Yeah, no, I can't bet on Lester. He did. He's a nice guy. But boy, he just kills me. He always gets left in the gate when I bet on him. One more thing. I went up to the, well, both my girlfriend can never win up. So the first time I went up to the. Where you go, the, what do you call it? The gardens up there. The roof garden. And then it was up there before. And because I've been all over the Don't track and it's nice up there. But it was a rainy day that day. Yeah. And I, and I said, well, let's stick around. I'm going to see if the Or I just comes to realize, we're going to have an option. That's a lot of the Or about it. I just want to see if you come show us up. Now I've been staying away for a few days. I got to recover. Oh, okay. Oh, wait a minute. Look who's in the 10th race today. Would Laurie painter three sided coin. Oh, but I had about the one I always hear you talk about in the night. And a, and a mineral thing about them in the center today, but they did very perfect parade. Yeah. Now they said something about main track sloppy track. No, that, that race is on the main track. That horse runs better on the grass. That horse is a sensational horse on the grass. But this is on the main track. Now in that darn at alarm, he'll be like three to five, you know. Okay. You're going to be there today? No, it might be out there tomorrow. I might take, you know, four, five, thousand out there tomorrow and just give it away. You know, that's me. Mr. charity. Okay. Good luck. Okay. There's a little tip for you. A little tip in the fourth race, Michael Lee in pure masculinity. This audience alone can go out there, knock it down to about two to five. Okay. Now we don't want to do that. We don't want to knock anybody's price down. Where we go next? Miami Beach, hello. And if we do knock the price down, we apologize up front. Yes. I don't know. Yes. I want to applaud you for what you're doing on the Valentine's Day thing. Then I'll tell you why. Because everybody here in Miami and Miami Beach are very complacent and believe me, somebody has got to speak up in your the guy that can do it. Yeah. And the second question I'm going to say to you or the second answer. As far as Bill clown is concerned, I'm a very good friend of this. Is a matter of fact, I don't know if he's going to go to the track today. No, he's there on vacation. No, he is wife went away on vacation. Well, I'll tell you something. You don't know my name. And if you want to I'm mentioned it. And in the event, I want to try to get Bill back on WIO. Do you find me mentioned that? To get him back on that station, let me tell you something. The chances of him going to work for those people again on the scale of zero minus infinity. Well, I'll tell you why I say that. I spoke to the V.T. Bob, and you know who he is. He was only talking with your Robby's and the night about the stadium. I don't know what your listen to it or not. And you can tell Bill, when you see him, that Eddie Casino called and wanted to speak with him. Because you don't know, I met you two years ago. Yeah. You were near in the middle. Yeah. And I spoke to Bill on Thursday when I was in writing city. And I speak to him for about three quarters of an hour. And I come back here on Monday and he fired. By the way, the ratings just came out. And in that midnight hour, Bill did very, very well. He had a 9.1. He had real good demographics. And he came in third, but very competitive third. And he did very, very well. He had the highest number on the whole station. And I OD and at midnight hours. So he was doing real well. And again, he got screwed. But you know, I killed by those people in this business. You know, why got better? Because there are a bunch of morons over there. That's why I got fired. You're a bunch of jerks. Huh? You're a problem to write to Friday. And he fired Mike Miller, which I didn't care so much. But Sandy Payton, in front, may mention a name, is damn good. Well, she's also gone. And by the way, I'm glad you mentioned that because it's interesting. Sandy had one of her better books and recent years. And Mike Miller did pretty well in the hour by hour. And Carter did extremely well. And all three of them are gone. They're all I know. I must tell you this, Neil. You know, today is a price time. I have a high, you make so many apologies. And if well, I'm sorry for doing this. It's probably good thing because a lot of times when you were talking about the old film, to me, I've been going to the people who discussed the case. Well, I'm sorry that I did that. I was all true, but I'm sorry I did it. I know, don't say you, sorry. It was done. And when we do something that's done. Well, I'm sorry that I started a story for it. And I say this, I call up the numbers that you gave over the video. And you know what they told me? We had nothing to say. That's their answers when you call up. Yeah, that's terrific. That's a great answer. Well, it's a great answer. And they say, oh, family of people, good answers. Going to court and they say to you, what happened last night? The ways are I don't remember. When are they don't remember? And that's what I've been hearing this. Yeah. And as far as the race track goes, I'm mistaken. I'm undone with my gland, or to through a couple of days. And I have never in my life picked so many women's. Great. I want to tell you, I spoke to Greg. You know, he's on the, he's taken part of the court off. Yeah, he's the board off, right? You know what I mean? He's one of the boardops that they put on here at IOD. He's on now. And I told him about it. And every single conversation the other night, you know what he says to me? How do you do today? And I want to tell him, when they'll get back, you tell him that I asked to him. And I'm going to still keep on fighting because, you know, you'll be these kind of run-broad things, then your programs, you know that means he's a boss. Right. So anyway, he needs nice talk, maybe I'll see you to track. Okay. Come's there. Let him page me. I'll be glad to meet more of it. And it's proud because I suggest there's something to can he map? Can he map? Yeah, you can do who runs to track. Or can he know? Yeah. Or maybe can he know what's taking in that? Yeah. I'm maybe 20 years ago in New York. Right. Well, listen, it's great to hear about that, but you know, life moves on. Yeah. Well, me and this nice talk of it with you. And if my regards to Bill, when he comes back, you take care of yourself. Bye-bye. I apologize for that call. I just re-reading the article in the air, I'm going totally start-raving mad, said K. Kramer, a county commissioner, who fielded dozens of phone calls Friday, according to the article, they've received over 1800 phone calls in the last three days. But, you know, who knows if any sense will be knocked into the minds of people like Jim, that's cold and I put the sticks, tings of makeup on. Then my husband does it with kiss and calm. Oh, beautiful cold, and go I will. A most wrong nail on boots and pears. It's all here. The headache, the headache, the pancake. Rock of age, just his, my face. My mascara only raised. Tabby face, he is the luck that I crawled out from under. Won't you buy my new album? If you tell your burning hair, you'll be the way you'll thank you. The previous caller was right. We do owe an apology to Jim and Tammy Faye. And anybody who shops at TJ Maxx can't be all bad. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. Let's go to Miami next, Telo. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, you're doing a good job on this bilingual question here. Do you have a kind of commission meeting? Yes. Well, you know why Valdez wants this by a legal thing. You can't speak in, but you understand it. Exactly. He'd like to have a whole meeting held in Espanol. Absolutely. The county attorney can't even understand him half the time. And neither can people in the audience. A couple points on this bilingual thing is if you brought up what the extra costs would be to tie this election in, even though it's an election day. There wouldn't be any extra costs. Okay. How about the cost to the county to implement it after it's an accident? Oh, sure. There'd be a lot of costs there because then they'd be, you know, printing up letter heads in two languages again in signs and all sorts of things. And there is an interesting thing in the herod article this morning. There's a box. And it says the English only law common misconceptions. And it said it wouldn't require that street signs or traffic signals or whatever be a printed and Spanish. But it doesn't go into the fact that there would be additional cost. And that the county does save a considerable amount of money by not having a do business in two separate languages. Oh, I thought maybe one of your callers who's an amateur. But that's not really the point. I mean, that's, you know, that's, that's Nichols and Dimes compared to the real implications of, you know, getting this whole thing on a ballot again. I mean, anybody who has lived here through all of the divisiveness and all of these episodes, realizes that there is absolutely no reason to go through this again. And it's only because of one man and his stupid brain and his fragile ego. See, there we go with the ego is again. Everybody has got their feelings hurt that he wants to open up the whole county. And he has said, I'll repeat what I said earlier, part of the show. He told Jim Loney in our news department. He has told him that no one is going to talk him out of this. He's not going to back down and he's going to go ahead with this thing. Come, he'll hire high waters. So here is one man who is in essence saying he doesn't give a damn about the county. He's willing to do anything no matter how divisive it is, no matter how much emotion it gets going. He is going to plot ahead and, you know, nobody confusing with the facts. I'm glad he's sold from mind to about it. Yeah, right. Right. I know, and also these numbers, the county commissioners, I don't know what you're trying to call, but they're busy all the time. You can't get through the first time I've ever found it that way. Well, I got almost 2,000 calls in three days, so now you know why they're busy. Well, anyway, keep up the work and keep the pressure on them and the screws tight. Okay. Okay, bye bye. Thank you. And we apologize, of course, to those young ladies answering the phones down there, because we are not asking people to be objectionable or hostile or hysterical. We're just asking the public to call and register their opposition to this referendum. And, you know, I can't be held responsible for everything that happens along the way, even though Mr. Valdez would like to twist and turn this and suggest that somehow I'm responsible for placing him in jeopardy, etc. and so on. Nobody twisted his arm and said, hey, Jorge, would be a great idea to bring all of this up again and to divide the community in half. If nobody has coerced him as doing that and the other commissioner is most of them from what we understand would love to find a way to bury this whole thing and get out of it. And only one man is standing in the way and nobody's twisting his arm to do it. Miami, hello. Well, Neil. Hi. Are you doing? Okay. I just seriously making your apologize. No. Okay. I'm doing this all on my own and I apologize if I left that impression. Now, because all I'm wondering is that, I mean, whatever happened to free speech and, you know, you're right to think what you want and express your opinion. No such thing. Okay. And I have to think this bilingual issue. I feel that they're trying to, I lingual means two languages and what they're talking about is like Spanish English, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. Now, they got their way. I mean, everywhere you go in Miami. Everybody's speaking in Spanish. Now, what I think they're trying to do is just make it in Spanish speaking county. Okay. I mean, because they're doing, you know, we did our part as far as putting up with their Spanish. How come they can't come around and just learn to English? I struggle. Yeah. Yeah, right. It's very simple. There's nothing complicated about it. But you're dealing with a moron here. Don't you understand that? The man is so dumb. And I watched him on a channel 10th thing last night and I realized he doesn't even understand what the anti-balling will ordinance means. And the man is just beyond help. He's just frighteningly stupid. And the frightening part of it is, ay that he's sitting on a metro commission and be that the other rate yo-yo's up there are being, you know, manipulated and dragged around by this guy. They ought to put him in a closet somewhere and just, you know, try to hide the embarrassment. Yeah, I mean, see, I'm 19 years old. I just graduated high school. The high school I went to, okay, was, uh, majority were Spanish. Okay. Now, we actually had some teachers, okay, some academic teachers, that didn't speak English. And they would vote their classes in Spanish. Terrific. You know? Yeah. And I'm out Spanish. I would go into those classes and I'm like, lady, sir. What are you talking about? I, you know, this is America. I came here because I won't learn English. And I won't give educated English. I didn't come here, you know. I wanted to do that. I thought it was staying. I thought it cute, you know. But I, that was really amazing to me that they actually helped their classes in Spanish. Some, not all, but some. Some of the teachers did actually do that. And in closing, I like to say, I'm so nervous. Okay. Are you okay? Are you okay? 13 till noon at WI and Z, don't forget Stan Major and his boring frogs will be here from 2 to 6 this afternoon. I'm probably going to give you a recap of the last night's Miami Vice. And you know, to solve the comment, we've had all the complaints about the Stan Major. Show me if I had no complaints and I'll say it again. The departed Daphimic calum. Uh, blew away most of the audience at 2 o'clock every day. I have the documentation right in my hand. I feel like I'm sitting at the Iran country hearings in Washington. I have the evidence right in my hot little hand on this document on page 245 in the Arbitron Spring Rating Book. I mean what she did to that audience at 2 o'clock. We wouldn't do the Soviet army, okay? Unbelievable. But what can I say? You know, Stan is boring and desperate for Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. I'm sorry the Cuban's insist upon calling me an Anglo. I'm sorry when I eat black beans, I do the fan-dangle. I'm sorry when I break dance, it's called an Anglo-Tango. I'm sorry if I had sex with the Cuban, I've been too bangled. I'm sorry Valder's Martinez and Sora's make an Isasa. I'm sorry that you had to listen to this and I apologize. Policy accepted. Cooper City, hello. Hello Neil. Hi. Get too many bilingual calls and so we have to relax today. That's what I said at the beginning of the show enough is enough already. I'll give the numbers out again on Monday and Tuesday whatever day is that people want to keep calling, but I'm not going to raise the intensity level that we all have to have a stroke or a nervous breakdown because one very stupid man. I agree. You shouldn't even be here today. Exactly. This should be my day off. This should be my other day off. And I say that to them and they just, you know, that's the response. You know, there may be another apology. Might not to give Ricky Tickey. Now, if you remember a couple of years ago, they ran a big TV promotion about him and they referred to him as a legend. He gets alive. I am not an athlete. And you have a call in the legend. And he might that might be a challenge. Yeah. I apologize for that, but if you're going to wait for me to call him back, so you're going to long wait. I have one request. Stanson planes. I'll get Stan about confidence too. Okay. That nobody's done that yet. I haven't heard on the air anyway. And then people who talk about it at the water cooler. So I am not a Nazi. Right. Will you put Stanson plane an Elvis song? Now, the other thing you've been doing is great. This is other thing Stanson doing. And it's Elvis was a dark and Ryan's don't have to dark. Something familiar with that one. Oh, yeah. Is that in his rack? Wait a minute. Talk. Say something. Yeah. Oh, what should I say? It's a lie. I am not a Nazi. How's that? This is Stan. Now, Neil Apologize right now. Wait a minute. Okay. I think, oh, no. This is Elvis at the Vegas Hilton. Ha ha ha. I'm not playing this. I don't know what this one is called, but it's very fine. He just follows the Elvis thing. He's playing. He follows it with this one. Okay. I'll have to look for it during the news. Okay. Because it's in his rack. And if you could see this man's handwriting. And I apologize for saying this. But it's unintelligible. I mean, it looks like it was written by Remlins or something. I'm sure he's the ice. I'm sure he's the ice. I just mentioned that because that movie was on again last night. It's on every night. It is. Well, you know, depending on which cable thing you have to every other night. You know, any movie you want to see of on it. Yeah. It was on with that Zack Gallagher or Gilligan or whatever his name is. Have you heard of him? Gilligan's Island. Have you heard of him since? Who's Zack? Yeah. Well, he's a matter of fact, Glenn Hill has him locked away somewhere in that closet. Well, Neil, you're the king. And I know you're sorry about that. I am sorry. You are the king. I am sorry. I apologize to Prince Charles for that. Thank you. And I will dig out that. I'll, I got to say this. Of all of the things that we've ever played on this show. See, there are some things that grow on you. And I like the Tammy Faything was like that. But this one, I think, supersedes all of them. Your vines records. You've seen his film. You've even purchased the day-glow-valve memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. Go away, man. But as Elvis, I want you to go right now. Make me a big peanut butter never so long. A peanut butter, never so long. You're a good man, too, with the day-end. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. All people in the middle of the... ...the Elvis. Once you bring the Elvis, couple large piles. They'll make a big trade. To make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm home. I'm alone. I'm home, baby. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life. Hold you back, won't you back in the middle of a big... ...and on your way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please? Make me a big peanut butter. Carlos, give me the day-distingu. I love my baby, honey, do you know that? Without them, I can't do. The Elvis tapes. I can make you make you make me a more donuts. I've been a little man. We've run stars everywhere. All of these, I love these, limit them on to one to two. I can make fun of somebody else. Seven minutes till noon at WI&Z will come right back. Who's that coming through the park? The rest and ride stones at your door. Look at the whiteest fat to be a cop. Keep in Memphis clean. From his long black limb or seen. By the new crime with festive karate chunks. Old now, Elvis was an art. In Christom's after dark. He is best to eat Memphis's drug free. Painting to every feeling. Would be one less home than street. Elvis took a mong for you and me. I still came to leave. That's the king would have old knees. I think he couldn't done drugs. They say he did this. Even though he's the away. I still hear people say that he's got him all out of grace. And I'm somewhere here. For who of Elvis was an art. In Christom's after dark. He is best to eat Memphis's drug free. Painting to every feeling. Would be one less home than street. Elvis took a mong for you and me. I think Elvis knew Paul Hawkins. They would have made it. They would have cleaned up this state. Plantation. I apologize for congratulating you at night. I hope you apologize for the bad images. We apologize for that sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I love that. You love what? I'm going to be a good man. I hope I could do that. He's a nice guy. You want to troll him all with Stan? I'd be very concerned about that. Yeah. Only because he has the world power to stand in front of a large piece. That's right. I apologize. I apologize for having said that. Right. While they have not forget that new slogan here, Mass With Success. We're doing a little bit too well. We want to bring everybody back down to work and cut them down to size and cut the crap. I apologize for having said that. That's weird. Okay. Listen. Have a great weekend. I got to go. Good luck at the mall. Okay. Buenos dias. Okay. We have an open line at the must be in Broward. I am sure enough. In Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, hundred. Jim Looney, who actually shook hands with George Valdez. The last to Anglo to ever touch him on any part of his body is with us. We have world news from CBS at noon and we'll come back at 12.06. Now for this foolishness, we've got a very short period of time. We only have a little under two hours left. And a lot of people still do apologize to. So let's go right back to the phone. And don't forget. And maybe we'll be here at 2 to 6 to Sam to noon with or without his boring frogs. Okay. Should we take the frogs out? Should we just take the cart out of the room and eliminate that part of the boredom? Okay. And I apologize for saying that by the way, Stan. Miami Lakes. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I wanted apologies for taking the news off the air. I used to listen to the news all the time. Well, I'm very, I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry. I don't know that it has a lot of caution. I'm not a pastor. And every time you play the Glenn Hill laugh, you just see her expression on the face. There is just pop off immediately. Some will evil. Oh. I'm either shy. I was interested for the, you know, the Stan Major show the other day when they were trying to find a name for the, you know, yeah. Oh, yeah. What you'll do? Yeah, that was a popular laugh blocker. A one? Laptop. Laptop. Laptop. Oh, laugh talk. Yeah. That's not too bad. No. Okay. How about, did you ever, I was a guy that sent the tape the other day, the, the, the, the make tape that had a few songs in there. I don't know if you're, I got it. Yeah, I haven't listened to it yet, but I got it. If you get a chance to write a listen to one more thing, I have a, I went, me and my wife would go down to North Carolina Beach. We go to Beatles restaurant to where? Beatles. Videos. Just on a northeast six Avenue and about a hundred sixty six street. Oh, yeah. That's where they make the pizza, the stuff that he did. Yeah. That's a good place. Yeah. That's a good place. Yeah. It is. Well, this is about it. I listened to your show all the time. I worked outside in a truck and I have a great time with your show. Well, I'm sorry, but then you, you know, I'm sorry that we had to take the news off, but, you know, that's the way things go. All right. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye bye. Yeah. We're very sorry about that. That we took the news off in midday. Of course, they were doing what about a two share, about a two, three. But we're sorry. You know, just because I'm doing like, you know, a ten in there for my four hours, we don't want to get carried away. And we don't want to keep repeating the numbers because that's kind of like self-a-grand diesmen and it's very egotistical and arrogant. And I'm sorry for doing that. Okay. I'm also sorry that nobody else will talk about it, but that's the way it goes. North might, well, though, stand did. Stand at a whole show on it. We commend them for that. Hello. Good morning. Hi. I apologize for calling, but I'm an avid listener. I just wanted to say pink or pink or pink. I'll take a little star. And secondly, how we wonder what you are. Well, secondly, I wanted to make a request. Of course. I need to have it dedicated to George. We are here to please. How this? Okay. That's no brotherhood week for him. Oh, yeah, that would be good. Please. Okay, I'll dig it up. Thank you very much. Okay, I'm sorry you're going to have to wait for it, but that's where it goes. Okay. Okay. For a lot of nail, hello. Amy, how are you doing? Okay. I'm going to call and make this idea. But have you ever thought about moving just about two inches south of the county line and then running maybe for Metro May or something? It in the politics here. Bacon actually way. I wouldn't move back to date county for all the tea in, uh, in Ojas. Ojas, okay. And second number two is an assurious note. What about Bill Colbert coming into the Bay of Nizies? Are there any luck in that or something? Well, that would have been a great idea. But unfortunately, a talk net had these humongous numbers. Even though the demographics were very old, but still I had the big number at night. So I think I wouldn't hold my breath. Okay, we'll say have a good day. Thanks a lot. Bye. Okay. And I'm sorry that you had a wait to tell us that. It's a 10 minutes past noon at WI and Z. We do have, uh, borders, Switzerland today. We're going to say we had an open line at Broward, but they're just smoking. They are really smoking. And of course, what they're smoking remains to be seen. One week of every year is designated National Brotherhood Week. This is just one of many such weeks honoring various worthy causes. One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the HandyCap Week, which, uh, which, uh, which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of, as you know. During National Brotherhood Week, various special events are arranged to drive home in the message of Brotherhood this year, for example, on the first day of the week. Malcolm X was killed, which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is. I'm sure we all agree that we ought to love one another. And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings. And I hate people like that. This is something about National Brotherhood Week. All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all, but the right folks isn't all established rule, but during National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood Week. Lean a horn and share a plaque, our dancing cheek to cheekets. Fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All of my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as Apple Pie, but during National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood Week. New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very chic. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants. And the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews butter. National Brotherhood. National Brotherhood Week. National Everyone's Smile. One and another hood week. Be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four weeks so have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year. Okay, you're really blessed this morning, Kyle. You're really blessed. You missed out. You left one very important group out. How could you forget? We owe an apology. Sports, things sports, things basketball. We don't owe them an apology. The Celtic fans, we owe an apology man. We have bashed those Celtics now. Well, let's not say we owe them an apology. Okay, because we don't because the Celtics are disgusting and nauseating and they make me want to puke. Okay, they just, they just bring out the worst. Okay, but since we're apologizing to everybody else, the least we can do. What the misfits are starting with messages again, we don't take messages. And we apologize for the fact we have nobody here to take messages. But we don't do that. And we also know we retract the apology. Okay, we take it back. But for the Celtic fans, there's been change over Larry Larry's of three point line. He's just a quarter-body. He's a fan of the label. Everybody's talking about Larry. I'll leave his agenda when I don't believe this system. One of the most amazing shows of sports, which I've ever seen about life. I'm getting so excited. I can just leave my problems and down more already. I'll leave his agenda when it hurts. Let me tell you in words. Oh, well, I'm very very very. Bird is a word. Oh, well, I'm very very bird. Bird is a word. A Larry Murray. Anybody deserves a triple-honey. It's Johnny Most that's here that right now. So that's for a Johnny Most, Larry Bird, and all the Celtic douchebags. Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes. Yeah, how can we keep talking about color? It's talking about whitewood and color, to just replace natives. And then let nature like come in there. Do you lack of yourself? Yeah, right, sure. Not possible, right? Unlikely, sir. Unimpossible, right? I think you own a apology to stand for even suggesting that. I own a apology myself for listening to them. OK, but you do listen. I do listen. OK, well, that's all accounts. OK. OK. Bye. Adios. I would, would you call that a lukewarm endorsement? I would say so, yeah. So stand, don't, don't buy a house. Sunny Isles, hello? Hi, Neil. Hi. Glad to hand it to blood pressures somewhere near normal. Yeah, it's only about 500 over 300 today, sir. It's very calm. Yeah, it must have been pretty high in the last three days. I apologize to make a nisponcle. And I apologize for what I have to say. I think it's a propoto established the asshole of the week. OK. Similar to ABC's Peter Jennings' personal, the week. Exactly, very similar. Not to confuse any sort of a possible connection or similar idea. I'm actually a part of the portal asshole. But I like to help books section, which shows the ratings of best-sellers and books. These assholes could be rated, say, after a period of three months on a scale of one to ten, number one, of course, being the ultimate asshole. And the listening audience could participate in a selection and who knows, even sand mages must be an entry. Yeah, that's, I think, stand, get a few votes. I know I'd get a lot of votes. You know, getting rid of Daffy was great. In fact, that probably gets votes from some levels of management. But I apologize for having suggested that. Daffy was what? That getting rid of Daffy was great. I think so. And replacing it with sand corporal is also a disaster. And, and, and, and, and, and, and no, it's nothing, nothing, no dispersions to a, a private and cripples. I believe, at the listening to him five or so weeks and, and determining some kind of assessment. Yes. I find myself in the same situation again. How do you with Daffy? Adios, how do you of a daughter and us to Lowego? I'm an only boring boring boring boring. Where have you been? I didn't see find him. I believe that the best audience out there, turning the dialet to a clock as I am. No apology. I think you're wrong, sir. Well, the numbers will show later on, except, you're correct. I would be, I would be willing to bet every 10 minutes. I would be willing to bet some serious money. Some serious pocket change. No, uh, nothing larger than a dime. Okay. That, uh, Stan will do extremely well. Okay. Now, there are a lot of people in management are getting very nervous that I apologize for saying that, but that's no secret because I've already had a little chat with Stan. We talked this out and he, uh, he's become very philosophical in his old age and he says, basically, up there's. All right. Let the audience determine. Exactly. Of course. And the books will show it. I mean, if Daffy could keep 4.7% of the audience, even though she drove most of the people under 100 away, if she could do that, Stan will keep at least 6 or 7% of the audience. Trust me, trust my judgment if I ever led you wrong, sir. Okay. Well, okay. Well, now you're nitpicking, see? Nobody's perfect. No, I know, you know, you're just great. Okay. Thank you very much. Adios. 12 18 at W.I.N. Z. I'm Neil Rogers, a legend in my own mind. And we have an open line in date at 624. No, that, yeah, that is the right number. See, I just lost the numbers. Okay. Does that give you an idea that my mind is not quite where it ought to be? 624. 9400. What does this say? You see, I wish they would take this stupid digital clock out of here. I may reach into this thing and pull it out because it provides no useful purpose. We already have a clock. And I have a great time, I watch, that keeps it better time than our digital clock. And I know that we don't want to start with the engineers because we said wonderful things about them today. And I met every word of it. They've been great. And, but they put this stupid clock over the computer screen. And so when cow rights messages that is in the bottom that are in the bottom third of the screen, you can't read them. You have to stand up and try to stand up and talking to this stupid bull mic that they put in here at the same time. He's like enough to give you a double hernia with Larry Bird. You know what I mean? I can't get this thing open now. Ah. Okay, here we go. I got it open. Is your wait to pull this clock out, do you think? Wait a minute. Hold on a minute. Hmm. Well, let's see, what's it attached to? Doing a little off now if I pull it out, something might burn out or something, you know? Something might blow out. Boy, they've got this in here like for a life. How about if I, there we go. I just kind of like turn it on its side. Great. Okay, so if Stan wants to read the time off of their stand, can, you know, leave his head down on the table in shame. Oh, I see. Then now this thing won't go back on it. Well, that's all right. I don't care whether it goes on or not. At least I can read the messages now. Ernie Sochian apologizes for that. For what? For his numbers on Saturday? Yeah, they were pretty weak. He apologizes. You have to apologize. Message is coming very slowly, folks. For getting Ernie, his job. For getting Ernie, who's your, his job or stands job? For getting Stan, Ernie's job? For getting Ernie, his job. Oh, I do apologize for that. Oh, by the way, speaking of Ernie Sochian. When some swam me, I'll try to put it down and send me out of the large account occasion, I tell him right away. Now live in here to take your hurt of my shoulder. This is not the right elimination. All the space, give a dollar for your gain through it. You're not a star, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your music. You're not a star, star, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your song. I knew Paul's Yamoki and Freuder didn't go. It's your info. I wear it everywhere when I go round the other hazelnuts. It'll go what's to say. So be true, you're not a star, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star. My body's all be checked up on the saddest service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be in a city now, my girlfriend's at the altar. It's a choir now, kill me, think it away. Be true, you're just a star, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star, star. It's like you'll listen to your, star, star, star. My body's all beher, stars,rar. If you're that star, star, star, star. If you're that star. If you're that star, star. It's the first move to apologize for playing this record on the topics. We especially apologize to the Orthodox Jews in the audience, especially the Hussitum, the Super Orthodox. But of course, the big question is if there's so religious how come they're listening. 23 minutes past noon at WI and Z will come right away. If federal expresses here with all copies of the book because one came in yesterday, at least one. But of course, they only give you like a page or two of that. They don't want you to see too much good stuff. Okay, let's go back to the phone. Or not. Listen, let's do this for us. Then we'll go back to the phone. I apologize for keeping you waiting in extra minute. Hello. This is Dr. Wood speaking of good sounds. Now, if you have to quit satisfaction, but you want to do it all by yourself. You know what I mean? In the house, in the car, wherever, don't you be timid. It's very natural. Come on, we all do it. Just hit your hand right now. And hold on for him. But gentle. And turn very slowly. I guess I saw. Oh yeah, there you go. Keep the motion now. Yeah, that's good. Oh yeah, you're going to be very good now. A little more. You're almost down. And I don't have much experience. Come on. Oh yeah. You know, the interesting part about IOD is that the people who went up on that station and the ratings, they all, they're all gone. They're all gone. So we salute Bob Rich and Mike Anthony. We apologize to the radio listening audience who have been jerked around so desperately by the mismanagement over the island dreams, but they really did it. Man, they did a clean sweep this time. Everybody who was going up. Audio, spring that baby down as they say on the WINZ Jet Blimp. Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. And let's say that, my originalman, the cool and the garden stand major. I agree with the month, I'm good to send. He's not only boring, but he's got an absolute personality. And two or three, no, it's the station. Collegize the saying, as anything put on Glenn or any of anybody. Wait a minute, put on Glenn. Yeah. Oh, you're getting really desperate now. So we're getting telly to you. Anybody, anybody, but do you hear? Hello, a lot better than he does. He shows awful. Just an easy awful. I'm sorry. I apologize. I haven't to say it. Okay. Are you related to Daffy? Huh? Are you related to Daffy? No, I'm not. I'm really not, but you know, I've been wanting to call into telling you. The personality is absolutely a nuisance. And he shows not the least, but entertaining. So to a clock or if it goes. Okay. Sorry. Well, I'm sorry you said it. Okay. Bye-bye. And Stan is really sorry you said it because he wants to buy a house. Okay. We just have this in. We had the career to deliver this from management at WINZ. And this has something to do with my bonus check. Well, hey, how you do with how to see have a drink. Boy, it could just be a what can I say? Well, sorry. Gotta run for get together again. Say what was your name anyway? Well, we're working on the problem. We'll get back to you soon. But don't try to call me. I'll be in a meeting in pre-afternoon. For a year maybe longer. Keep in touch a thing for not benign. Have a nice day. The checks and the mail. You're beautiful. Don't ever change. You know what I mean. But I and girl will call your girl. You're so cruel. You're a true legal manager. Now the she's the cold baby. Won't you sign on a dotted line. You're gonna make a dream come true. The checks and the mail. What a lie. You know, okay, there's a little message from our manager's been about my bonus check. And we certainly appreciate it. It's a 1230 a W.I. and it's not a big deal, okay? You know, it's just a few thousand dollars. It's nothing important. Nothing exciting. And there's no big rush. You know, I'm not gonna miss any meals over the weekend. And I'm not starving to death. And I don't owe anybody any money. And I don't suffer from the Larry King syndrome. And by the way, Larry King would like us to apologize to a lot of people. But time doesn't permit to get all their names in. Okay, let's go to Miami Lakes, hello. Yeah, hi. Hi. Listen, I was wondering if you happened to see that article in People magazine about Dick Curtin. No. There was an article about what he's going up there. And they say he's got a Ali North rap song. Uh-huh. And also that he's sending out birth certificates for people who are claiming to be airs of Elvis. Mm-hmm. But you can have official, you know, documents. Great. I think that's a great idea. Yeah, probably got millions of those going out. Absolutely. It's been a very successful campaign. Well, he's great. He's one of those few one of those rare people in this business who still left who has tremendous sense of humor and a great amount of talent. And that doesn't give a damn what anybody thinks. I agree with you completely. In fact, I think somewhere here. I have a. Is he still on C.K.L.W.? There's the una depting. Yeah. So it's no long time to set it up there. But I think he is. But I've got a 45 that I think he's people put up somewhere around here called. None names have ever heard it. No. I'll see if I can find it for you and send it in. Great. And I'd like to also apologize because I have to ask you a question. I'm hoping that you can you can tell me. I've been watching the hearing. And there's one particular congressman. Henry Hide. Yeah. And I was wondering if there's maybe a Henry Jackal. And this guy just followed some potion. And then the Henry Hide. Because this man is unbelievable. Well, not what it is. But Henry Hide, of course, is so hysterical about the abortion issue. And he's got all those. All those fetuses in the jars in his office. And he keeps drinking. He's drinking that antibiotic fluid. Yeah. He's a piece of work. Yeah. He sure is. I agree. And I also would like to apologize because I get so annoyed when some of your younger callers punctuate every sentence with the word. Okay. Yeah. Well, I see what happened. Is Stevie Cough and you remember him? Yeah. The young Jockey. Well, years ago, he was kind of like, uh, but he was the hero of the idol of all young people in America. And he used to say, okay. Okay. Well, they have not really. I just, I mean, Daphim Ecalam did that story with you know a few months ago. And I couldn't resist it because it was probably the epitome of a stupidity. I mean, she said a lot of stupid things over the eight months. He was on the air. But to me, that's the one that sticks out in my mind. Because first of all, most young people never even heard a Stevie Cough and secondly, Stevie Cough, they never said anything. I don't, I can't think of a thing. Except he's a good old horse. You know, that's about all Stevie ever said. That's right. That's a nice horse. Very much. Okay. I do, and we're sorry. Yeah, that's one thing about horse people. A really a lot of nice people and got a chance to meet some of the jockey's a quarter of a few weeks ago. I'm still excited from a meeting Mike Gonzalez and Victor Molina and Bobby Brine and of course, he's a brutal valedivier, so and some of the others. But most horse people, whether it's jockey's or trainers or anybody around horses, he's a real nice horse. That's about the extent of the conversation usually. He's a nice horse. As horses go, 27 before one at WI and Z, we'll go to Hollywood. Hello Neil. Hi. I'm a nice horse. Okay. Well, we're sorry, sir. I have that question about the apologies that are coming over to your who exactly are we apologizing to? Anybody in everybody. Okay. That qualifies. I have some apologies I need to make. Is it like public confession? Okay. I want to apologize for not being able to speak Spanish. That's what we all strive for every day. Oh, yep. So I had one of apologize for not being from Cuba. Okay. I want to apologize for listening to Lee Fowler once. I'm not late. And I want to apologize for listening to Stan all the time. Okay. Because I'm addicted. Yeah, you do listen to him now, right? Yeah, he's good. Well, I know you can. I can't wait a minute. The thing that astonishes me, I must say this. I have to go and record it saying this. If Stan is boring, then what was Taffy? Seeing how Taffy was allowed to permeate the airwaves of this radio station for eight months with her pseudo intellectual mong and it really was mong. I mean, she was so repetitive and so boring and so non entertaining that it was frightening. I mean, it was it was truly frightening. And I'm a little curious because Stan's been here only five weeks and already there are a lot of nervous Nellies out there who are just, you know, like, Vultures kind of hanging over his body. Stan's a nice calm down from four hours in the aradrassion. Exactly. Because you don't want eight out, you don't want eight out of psychosis. You got it. Yeah, the Vultures are already just kind of hanging over the corpse. Yeah. Yeah. I want to apologize for wearing an earring and being straight, but I can't help it. Okay. Well, nobody's perfect. So just remember that. And as soon as this stuff goes to on byling was on my one sub titles in Channel 23 because I can't understand what we're doing. Yeah. Okay. They're watching it while listening to the radio and there was Havira Swera's on there. And he was talking in everything and he's a public official and he's like, what the Mara Miami. And I couldn't. I was listening very hard, but I couldn't make out a word he was saying because they were talking in Spanish. Well, when you hear the mayor of a foreign city, I guess you're expected to talk in a foreign language. I better get him. Okay. Last note, I recommend the song for you to add to the card playlist there. An old song, you might find it over at Z8194. Put out by a band called XTC living in another Cuba. And this is a real song. Really? Very, very pertinent in these times and days in which we live now. Okay. Well, I'm sorry we don't have that, but as soon as I can get my hands on it, we'll do it. Thank you. Okay. One night with you. Here's what I'm not afraid of. All things that we need to play. Wouldn't make my dreams come true. Just call my name. And I'll be right by your side. I want your sweet healthy head. My lust is strong to my heart. All in love. Very, very bright. I remember, didn't know long. Now I know, I'm alive with that year. May the two to long, it's too long one night with you. Here's what I'm not afraid of. All things that we need to play. Wouldn't make my dreams come true. Oh, alien. Very, very light. I never did no wrong. Now I know, the life will not be true. May the two to long, it's too long one night. Here's what I'm not afraid of. All things that we need to play. Wouldn't make my dreams come true. I mean, we could write an auditory, right? Okay. Little inside talked there. 22 before for which we apologize, because you don't know what the hell we're talking about. 22 before one at W-I-N-Z, and we'll come back. Why, fleptown, with a banana? Loved or rotten, deal? Found that y'all devil hiding in her purse. He's called these hard buddies got a pill. I hope it never happens to you. Some free breaks you're married into. Why, fleptown, with a banana? May babies sit by the way. I like fleptown, but up banana. I'm a jealous man. She found a six inch Latin love bird. Now she does the thing all her right hand. And right now I could just die. He's eaten my banana cream pie. My wife left town with a banana. My babies slipping. My babies slipping. My babies slipping away. We also owe an apology because Tweety Bird is not here today, right? And there are a lot of people, the island queen. And a lot of others out there in the audience, a lot of the vultures fans who are really upset. And we apologize for that. And how it is that he manages to be here only five days a week. Kyle is here six days. I am certainly here six days. They've made that crystal clear. But the vulture? It's 18-B-4-1 at W-I-N-Z. Don't forget, Stan Major, becoming longstands is a topic today. He's going to be taking a poll. Is Stan Voring or not? And that's going to be the poll on the Stan Major show from 2-6. And of course, then we go into spiraling into talknet tonight. Which is a really true that Bernard Melcer is no longer on on a weekend, right? That's the rumor. That's the popular rumor. And it sounds good to me. Sweetwater. Yeah. I'd like to apologize for being an American Indian. Shame on you. Yes. I... Put that in your piece pipe and smoke it. I can't. I live in the capital of Dave County Streetborders. I had the privilege of having down there. There's a piece by a fire block with a houses to me. Why aren't you lucky? Oh, I'm tight. He has house conveniently caught on fire when he was married. We keep thought he was old Napoleon and acted like a family looser with a behavior of a pole dog. Are you? Yes. Quite so. The American people here had no rights to anything. Even our town commissioner, he didn't believe in him. He used his 30-point-mode houses. Oh, no. Float the guards and things. He was something else. He felt conveniently caught fire. I think that's what you just said. Only moments ago, yeah. He said he. I'm sorry. I apologize to you. But that's my repetitive. Because he had really needed to change his residence to keep more in-stip with his statue in life. Oh, good. I don't have any related. Go ahead. And I just thought that you might like to know that some of us really are Americans who have to be misfortune of having the living is foreign country or living here. So nobody is giving us free transportation. Yeah. And there's no guns that are here. And we're getting out of this foreign country and growing up state where they're still American citizens. I struggle. And the top, never the town of being what is called Southern Rebels Redneck, we're moving to a place called Yankee Town. A great. Well, that's terrific. You know what that? George Steinbrenner will love you eternally. It's a beautiful place. Yeah. So that's all I have to say. And I apologize to all these people that knew this was an American English speaking. Well, just remember, love means never having to say Adios. Yeah. Okay. And good luck to you. Can't you just see George Steinbrenner saying to Don Maddingley, you know, you're hitting all those homerons and you got a high batting average in the war in first place, barely. But you know, I just don't like your attitude, Don. Let's just agree to disagree and tear up your contract and say, Adios? You know, stay up there in Portland, Maine, and leave us alone. Okay. We're doing great. We're doing just fine. Okay. We're hotter than a pistol. We're having a great time. And that's what upsets them. See, they don't like it when we're having too good of a time. Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Buenos dias. Yeah. Listen to apologize for calling you on your day off. Okay. Listen. I wonder if you saw the two columns by 10 inch E at in the voice. The Catholic, go weekly newspaper? No. All you ought to see that. Radio station slurs starts out. It says, does that beions, e have the right to hire talk show host who ridicule a clergy ritual and practice a religion? Well, let me just interrupt at this point. And I apologize for interrupting you. But I hate to break the news to the voice and to the local arts diocese. But WI and Z has a right to hire anybody they want to. And they don't have to get approval from the arts. Right to all your terms. Such as douche bags. Well, douche bags certainly are very appropriate when it comes to the arts dyes. I know why you can't say too much about this. Queens because they're not really Queens. Most of their mothers are still living. Yeah. But that anyway it goes on for 10 inches and it looks 35 advertisers. The public is the public. The public is the advertisement and the know the objective at the disregarding our first amendment. Always an at nice. And the person that we're going to go to and it gives a number. Yeah. This is probably my an ESO group in a pump and a beach by 40 McNeighbrews, a pump and a beach. Oh yeah. Those are the ones who are trying to get all the sponsors not to advertise and try to have the other answers. They're trying to interfere with our ability to make a living. I'm certainly the station. Yeah. But it says that does he have the right to say the Vatican has a large and a pornography in the world. They do. They do. And that confessional is in Catholic Church of Snow, like the floor of peep shows. And what else we got here at this? What a whole year it looks like a tape of your program. Good. Well I'm glad they're all listening. I know. But I just want to have you seen it. Now I get the voice. I'm on their mailing list. But unfortunately it meets the bottom of the waste basket real quick every week. Well you got to look on page nine and see what they got to say. It'll make your weekend. One may be few people send me a copy. You know. Yeah, well if you haven't got it. Two may afford my. Two may have sent me. Few of my fallen Catholics out there who are still listening to this show. Oh, but away I went to Catholic funeral. It was about 50% Spanish, 50% Angle. Yeah. The players started out or the may have started out in Latin. I'm sure in politics. I'm sure in politics. Yeah. But this is a row and carefully church which the Pope has declared that we speak English. The mayors is now in English because nobody could understand Latin. Now the old time mayors are in Latin. Yeah. When this service the mayors was in Spanish. The sermon was in Spanish. The uology was in Spanish. Music was in Spanish. He had for the congregation said they were the finger up there. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't know what the hell was going on. Yep. The Vatican decreed the mayors have to be set in the language of the country so the people can understand it. And here's a paris that was predominantly Irish given over to the Spanish. And the angle's aren't even welcome. Well I'll just tell you one thing between me and you and me and the lamp post. I will not be drinking from the communion cup this week. You get down on your knees. Fiddled with your rosaries. Now your head will break respect and turn you flex. Ten to flex. Ten to flex. Ten to flex. Ten to flex. Do whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the content everybody says on the phone in Broward. What a trifecta. Hello. Hi. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Hello. Are you really on a mobile phone? On a mobile phone dear. I'm near your station right now. I'm in Carroll City. Hollywood. Great. Well that's terrific. Isn't that great? Hollywood. Listen. The reason I'm calling is because I'm calling not to apologize about the little blue here. Lady bit called and a little while ago about Stan. Oh yeah. Listen. The way you're doing it. You have to get ready for the early birds. I think she takes an anime every day at town. I'm sure that Stan is happy that she shuts the radio. Because he probably doesn't want to call in in any way. Probably not. You're right. I think Stan's great. I think as ratings will be just as high as yours are pretty soon because I think you're both a dynamic to some. I agree with you. I think he's doing just fine. And I think if they leave him alone everything will be just great. I think that if they start interfering in getting ANSI and starting to play a program to play a program director. I think that you know then we'll have a problem. But of course, you know, mess with success. Yep. I have to start. We have to tinker. You know, that's what they say at NBC when Grant Tinker started mucking around with other shows. Tinker ring is what it's all about. I agree. But I think the stands do in a great job. And like I said to the blue her lady who's a call to him before. I am not apologizing. Stand's doing a great job. And we're all happy that you shut the radio off at two. Well, I apologize for her behavior. I give us more time to call in. We could speak to a much younger crowd that he wants to hear. Right, living and breathing people. That's what we want allegedly. You got it. Look forward. Dicked to your show. I can't leave the house. I can't leave the AC because I have to listen to you. And when you leave, I certainly listen to the stand. I tune you in on my radio also in the car. Well, you're a great human being and we love you for it. Okay, dear. Have a good one. You too. Bye. Bye. Okay, let's take our last break. It's 10.53. Is that close? Come out 11.53. Okay, apologize for giving you the wrong time. It's somewhere between 10 in the morning and two in the afternoon. Don't trip for too much more enjoyable. Can you meet people and make yourself understood? Listen to this recording. Repeat for two here. Listen, then repeat. Are you ready to travel with Bellets? Yes. See. No. No. Please. Or if I go. Thank you. Gracias. Okay, and that's just a little point of there. That's a beginning of our language lesson for today. For those who are going to be traveling to Bayside would stand later on on the day. Also in the next hour, we don't have a lot of guests on the show, but in the next hour, Norman Vincent Peel and the power of positive thinking is going to be our subject today, which ought to be really big. And we apologize for even suggesting that, right? Of course, that's disgusting and obnoxious and another little shot, but when you're just basically an inherently a nasty guy, a mean subhuman rotten, nasty person with no redeeming value, then that's just the way it is. And I'm sorry about that because that's just the way I was born. I was hatched a little rock in Nashville, and I crawled out and I looked open my eyes and I looked at the world and some booming voice came down and said, you are a nasty, disgusting subhuman douchebag with no redeeming value and it's been that way ever since. And I'm sorry about that. And I apologize and I profusely hope that this massive audience that has somehow, just by Osmosis, I guess, just accidentally all gathered together. Daily between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Monday through Saturday on this radio station, I hope they'll fight it in their hearts. Okay, 107 at Winds were back for our fourth and final hour. The stand major warm-up hours stands out in the atrium playing with his prongs. And the highlight of the weekend at Winds of course is just taking place. The Saturday Miami News is now into building. And why do we love the Saturday Miami News? Is it because it has the TV radio book course not? Is it because it has the cartoons? No way, Jose. Because it has tomorrow's entries, it called it, which of course is the only redeeming thing about the Saturday night. And I think about the Saturday Miami News. And perhaps if you're real nice, I'm sorry, I apologize for the fact that we haven't been touting lately, but enough is enough. Although we did give you a horse last week last Sunday, we did give you a Baltic star, you know, five bucks. They can't all pay 75 bucks, you know what I'm saying? I mean, if they win, that's enough. But if you're real nice, maybe by the end of the hour, we'll give you something good for tomorrow, okay? Or maybe somebody will give me something good for tomorrow, highly, I'll, hello. All right, Neil. Yes, sir. I think WINZ owes me an apology for almost causing the death in my family. Really? Well, see, I always leave my radio station turned INZ, so I can hear the news in the morning, and I listen to you. And it's just easier just to leave it there because of you. And for all the months that I had to listen to that, I wanted to kill myself. I don't blame you. I think they owe me an apology for that. Well, I let's true. They owe me one too, because every day when she came on, and I heard the dials clicking in the opposite direction. I wanted to commit suicide, too. That's true. The other thing is, I think I know what's happened to Davy. This is just rumor, but I understand she's under an assumed name. Had a six-stage operation, who's working at WIOD from two to six. Very possible. That's possible. The other thing is, me and my brother-in-law sitting around the pool listening to you. I'm not working today, but he is supposed to be. Would you let his boss, Joe, know if he's listening? That's our other brother-in-law that he's here at the pool, would Steve Swimman, that my dad's. Can you get in trouble? Because that's your phone. We've been on the phone for an hour waiting for you. Okay. Okay. We apologize to the boss. Thank you. Okay, you bet. By the way, Lovers Trust. I don't want to count now, and I want you to blame because this horse is going to pay nothing. But Lovers Trust with Wesley Ward and the third race tomorrow, this horse, unbelievable. Just demolished the field last time out. Okay. Just remember you heard it here first. If he comes in. Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. My name is Margie Edelman, and I was on TV last night. I just want to say that there was a trouble in Justice last night. I was led to, I've been working with a doctor from Switzerland. And I was led down to someone called me from Channel 7 and asked me to be on the show for AIDS last night. I don't know if you saw it or not. But there was special. A five hour special. I played him and I thought that was the show on Channel 4 with John Hamburg. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It was a segment with Jim Brasma, Dr. Bartnettenine. And we were met down there thinking under the south Police up that we were supposed to do a 20 minute segment on an alternative method of treatment for AIDS. And that it was going to be very in the positive light. Where they stayed for treat us as solitude and I'm very upset about it. They didn't even let the people decide for themselves. And it was just incredible how they just destroyed it. And we talked to Jim Brasma for an hour and half. And he put a phone for one minute. And it was just horrible what they did to us. Now I've been working on something for four years. And I have scientific clues and scientific evidence. Yeah, well, I'm not going to allow you to do it. I'm going to allow you to use this show. I'm going to pedal any kind of crack therapy because there is no cure for AIDS. And nobody knows it better than I do. Audio, so I'll read the urge. And I apologize to the audience for her in temperate behavior. We have an open line in Broward 5249400. And our next call from the Olympia Heights post office, which explains whether people in Olympia Heights are getting a mail. Hello Neil, how are you? Okay. I want to apologize to Olympia Heights post office in for the post office in general. And the crew here would love you the death would like to know if you could play that song. There's a bathroom on the right. Matthew, on the right now, before we get into that, before I decide make any, you know, hasty decision. Where the hell is Olympia Heights? I'm 40th street in the term, but I get bread road in the term. Oh, no, speak it English over there. Exactly. I'm very sorry. Okay, well the apology is accepted. Okay, I'll read the urge. Bye bye. You'll be your writer over slow wind. You'll be the family of the first. But I don't know if it is the wall. Just take off the hammer off. There's a bathroom on the right. Don't know how on the floor. Just move on down onto the door. There's a bathroom on the right. You'll be the thrift of kimchi here. You'll take it down with some suggestions. You'll be your happy, kind of realen. You'll see the room being spent. I don't want my shoes. You're coming. There's a bathroom on the right. Don't know how on the floor. Just drive the whole pool bus. There's a bathroom on the right. There's a bathroom on the right. We apologize for all the stuff that we're playing here. But it kills a lot of time. And on Saturday, I should be here anyway on Saturday. It's a very least that they could do, right? Have a little bit of decency and compassion and humanity, right? Just a little. And we apologize for the fact that they don't. Okay, somebody in Voka on their dime. Hello. Hi, Neil. Point us. Are you working hard? Yeah. I want to apologize to Glenn Hill. Please. I have to apologize to him so much guilt for hating him so much on the radio. But I've met him and I know him is a nice eye. Yeah, he never stole a bus. Oh, no. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. I think you've resurrected AM radio. Isn't that amazing? I thought Rick Shaw said that AM radio was dead. Well, either way, I'm glad that you mentioned that because it is kind of interesting that even the other two AM stations, we don't want to mention IOD and W. snooze, but even they beat Waxi in a spring book isn't that fascinating. So when you consider that Ricky Tickey told us that AM radio was dead, is something really strange going on here, isn't it? Well, you've brought FM listeners. They're saying radio. It's probably the first time they ever happened other than this. Exactly. I'm sorry. I apologize to the FM people for doing that. Well, actually it's good for the FM people because I can get pretty boring after a while. Yeah. And the fact is that, reading my calls, I want to set up a lunch with Kentburg cars, re-aibromes and bullpanterns yourself and take this national. Really? I think it's the format of the future. What format? Hot radio talk and you have to know, yeah, that's the right people. Is that the name for it? Hot radio talk? Stand been looking for a name for it. I can find out how to do it first and it'll be a good shape, but he's looking for a name for it. I had dragnet yesterday, but he didn't get it. I heard that, yeah. But anyway, I think this is really a format of the future. And let me ask you a question. How many people in this country are there? And I don't want to sound egotistical, so I apologize for freezing it in this way. But how many people are there who you think could do this? I know. There are enough good talents. I mean, you look at the top warning men in New York and the RON FM. It's on the RON AM. And there are people in LA. There are a few people around the country. You have to be able to pick and choose. If you water it down to an Abrams format thing and go into secondary markets, that people don't have to be that good, but they happen to what? You mean like a Davenport Iowa, for example? Yeah, maybe Davenport. Or Portland Maine. Or Orlando. Or Coco Beach. Pamper. Or Penelas Park. Right, right, right. I'm going to have a radio sitting around the country, you know. The dead radio format. Yeah, you're right. Well, love you, show. Okay. I'll see you at lunch. Well, I'm sorry we steered everybody up. All right. Thank you. I'm the caller in Boca on their dime. Hello. Yes sir. Sorry as well. Your management is raffle. I, if you get a nice shirt, obviously in your back because of a few things you've said. I think they do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Exactly. For outside of I had the numbers that our FM has. They'd have me impaled on tower number two right now. They cut power. Yeah. That's power. You've got to break a few H if you're going to make an arm like that. And if they want advertisers. You've got 200,000 people. Are you going to motivate it any time? We can't be all of us can't be wrong. You're saying something that's why we're listening. Well, I think we're doing a little bit too well. The night's only that a few weeks ago when you start doing too well. Management starts getting nervous. They can't cope with that. Oh, if I could do too well, they're going to have to give you your bonus check. Yeah. You know, uh, on the mail. I think you're your audience ought to in and date the, uh, the main office with mail. You just think it up your back. You know, if we didn't like what you're saying, we wouldn't be listening. I listen. I called earlier and talked to Kyle. And he said, you guys are closed. I've got a good path to go. I'm sorry. I'll drop it off on Monday if you want to. Great boy. That'll make my whole show all stop the show in the middle of when that arrives. Trust me. I'll get call the business up to get directions. Um, are you aware of your apologize to me? She'll get in two by the way. I kind of like me. She'll. Yeah. Even if she is a silly, twit. We apologize to her. She's very vocal or not vocal visual. Are you aware of the Sun's tunnel contest? I think that. Oh, yeah. For the morning, Jax. Can you believe that? And that says from 530 to 10 o'clock. Mm-hmm. And then, immediately before you come on the air. I don't know why they're doing that again because they took an informal survey a couple of months ago and it got everybody upset because I came in number six or seven in morning drive and I'm not on in morning drive. So it was really quite an honor to come in, you know, six to 10 a.m. when I'm not even on during that time period. So it aggravates me if there's a five thousand dollar prize that you can, you know, donate to, you know, whatever it carries or, you know, whatever you've seen fifth. Yeah. I've been excluded during our audience from voting for you. I think that's maybe actually we ought to stop the Sun's demo. There's people in Palm Beach as Palm Beach Bay where we take the Palm Beach Post and just work our way north. Well, what we ought to do is give the Sun sent a lot of the view. I was by having a succession of those types of ballots in the paper and they can do the next one from 10 to three midday, then they can do one for afternoon drive and one for night time. Wouldn't that be fair? That is the one where I really does very, you know, we can't cancel every day for an hour or so, but that we, you know, if they want to stop at the town, we'll see who does the, you know, the rest of the work for the rest of the day. I mean, you know, this is still really on the IOD. I listen to him for 10 minutes. I just can't believe. Yeah, but he runs a hell of a board man. He's a great board up. He's good with the phone. You know, he's good with the phone. He's good with the phone. He picks up that wrap on. I think you post her to highlight a couple things on the thing. I don't know if you got your mail today, but we don't get mail on Saturday. I'm sorry about that. We apologize to all the other employees, but we won't have an operation and we can't afford to bring some like Yahoo in here to go to the post office and get the mail on Saturday. So we have to wait a month. I'm not really good today. I'm not just going to start a, I don't understand that. Well, we're going to have a long chat about that on Monday. Listen, I, you could get a lot of support. You know, I love to hear you on Saturday, but my God, what you do in five day week is enough. You take, take a year up every week. Yeah, I like, you know, three days a week would be good. I would do a hell of a show every day. Wednesday through Friday sounds good to me. That's great. Listen, keep up the good work and you like that. I'm sorry, your management's handled, but, you know, Well, you know, life isn't fair. What can I tell you? Thanks a lot, okay. He said that now, by the way, and I apologize that he said it. I don't necessarily disagree, but he did say it. Okay, 20 minutes past one at WI and Z. We have an open line in date, 624-9400. We've had a torrent of comment about Stan Major today. You've noticed it's been unreal. Hasn't it? It's been almost frightening. You might have commented about Stan Show and Stan. You're probably taking a boring pull from 2-6 this afternoon. Okay, let's go to Pompanow. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I apologize for calling on Saturday when you probably should be off the road. Yeah. I wonder if it's possible that here's the Reverend Holy Moly. Haven't heard for a while and I think. Oh, no, that's, you mean that long terminal thing that's Stan place? That terminal thing that's. Oh, and I played it yesterday. Did he? You were right at the beginning of the show. It goes on for like 85 minutes or something. Oh, heaven. I didn't know went on that long. Yeah. How about Q West, Beth? Q West, vice? Yeah. That'd be wonderful. It wouldn't be wouldn't it. I apologize for even asking you on that. You ought to. You're really ought to apologize for asking us to play with all of our final. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Have a wonderful life. Have a nice day. Okay, 21 Panthers. Friday nights. There. I have a God. Who's our hot new day. There on the streets. Fighting crime. Blood pal, we just don't do strip searches for gay walking. You mean, he was the vice. Yeah, brother. Back and down. Lieutenant, in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach, hold him down and then set their hair. Yeah, it's a second half. Let's go get out. Damn, that's nothing that clean up this dream. All the surf, I'm sorry for chipping in the North Kippings zone. I hope you guys don't get on the beach. Just take a seat now. Go ahead with a chair. A chair. Yes. He was by. All right, stop you big pocket. I picked your pardon. I am not a folk pocket. Oh, sorry. Just look. Like it. Very couple of hits, Miami cops on a hot new beat. In Key West Vite. Righty night to night on MBC. Okay, we apologize for the hospitality on the screen here, but Kyle says, Tell the misprits that they cannot come by a day. Another one was just at the gate. And the next one will get taken to Metro. Right. That's telling them. Anybody who comes to the gate, even if it's staying, right? Metro immediately will take them off. We don't want any pain in the air. Visitors here on the weekend. Although we do have a crew from Channel 4 here. And they're a little bit disturbed because, well, you know, let's face it. We're not really talking about George Valdez and bilingualism. So if you want to call in and to talk about it, just to pacify these people from Channel 4, we would not do it for 7 or 10. Well, first of all, 10 wouldn't be here in the first place. And seven, you know, they would probably embarrass us by putting on live at five again. And we don't want to be on live at five. Okay? Nobody wants to be on live at five. Maybe you're going to put us on after six o'clock. That's bad enough. But to put us on between five and six, forget it. Okay? Don't send anybody ever out here again from Channel 7 to put us on between five and six. That's a faith worse than death. And all the apologies in the world will not make up for it. But anyway, the people here from Channel 4 channel 4 has always been very nice to us. Except yesterday when a guy came out, and they did take my comments out of context and put you to the top and did a horrendous job. But they've already apologized to us here in the studio today, so we forgive them for that, because they've always been great. And they never stole a freight train. And after all, Ralph Rennick is long gone, so how can they be all bad? Miami, hello. Miami. Hello. Yes. Hello, Neil. I'm a first time caller. Great. And I was going to call in, ask you something about curver in the ratings. But when I called, I asked if I knew you had to put the phone if he was cow. And he must not like cow because he got real indignant hung up on me. He thought you said if he was a cow. No, I asked if it was cow. Cow? Cow? Is it cow with a cow? Cow Thomas? Yeah. No. He isn't. Kyle. Oh, Kyle. Okay. Maybe that's why I got married. Exactly. Now next time, if you call him by the right name, he might treat you a little licor. Oh, I call him. I asked for you in I asked him. He was. Yeah. He said, oh, he's a long story and he hung up on me. You know what? I got to know you. I had my boyfriend ask for you. Oh, yeah. I thought he was in that. We would much rather talk to your boyfriend. But that's another story. Yeah. That's good. Okay. Have a look. Wait a minute. Right. You didn't say anything. I thought you were going to talk about him. You should play the asshole. Fong for him. Me. I'm for me for waiting so long. Okay. Well, we apologize. Okay. Interesting. She waited a long time. She got on. She told us that story. But she didn't have anything to say. But that's okay. You're okay in our book. We have an open line. You can call back when Stan is on because he's desperate. In date County 624-9400. I'm telling you if we could just get Stan laid his disposition would be so much better. And everything would be great. I'm telling you that. With anything that moves, I mean, it's at this point. Can he be choosey? Of course not. Okay. West Helen Dale. Hello. In fact, if we could get lady back from Tallahassee. Yes, man. I wanted to talk to you and tell you first of all, I had a nightmare with my Amy Harold. Forget it. And I can't put two subscriptions. Great. And then... We have a saying here that my Amy Harold is a nightmare. Oh, believe me. Believe me. They call you every other day. I was getting the Fort Mord and it moves. And they call me two weeks ago and told me they had to cancel me. And I said, what's there? And they couldn't tell me. And they also made a sunset. And all the masks and well, could I understand this? And I said, I don't want a sunset. No. I have a, you know, an eight week old child. But I want to be bothered with that garbage. Yeah. And I'm... I'm going to film a call this morning from a lady who I will not mention. So that her job is not in jeopardy. And she said, they may be facing out the Fort Mord and moves. Well, they ought to get rid of the news. It's nothing more than a rehash of the Sun Sentinel. And that interest... And that interest... And that means... The Moon's Moon is re-tank of the night before. That's why we've never even bothered to subscribe to... No. But... That was pretty interesting. And they have faced it out in 14 districts. She did not mention where they were. Very good move. Believe me. But that is what's going on. And I thought I'd call you and tell you so that you knew what was going on. I've been listening to you for one month. And my baby is here. And she's eight-week-old and she loves you. To love the little kid. Great. Well, Commander on a excellent tape. Yes, true. So have a good day and... I'll cover her ears. Okay. One-thirty. Right on the nose of WI and Z. We have an open line in Broward 524. 94 on it. Jim Baker's Paul Beyond the Phone. Suned in Ith. May 17. Two months had passed. He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in. And it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Not to us, be brave. Come on, come on. There's your feet that I have got to pray. Okay, let's go back to the phones. And when we do go back to the calls, these people are desperate. Okay, they came all the way out here into the middle of nowhere. And they're very sorry about it. And they don't want to manipulate to show you. You know, he'd probably talk about the pain in the STV people. Who think they can come out and manipulate any talk show in town. And chorus us into talking about something that we don't want to talk about. And we're not doing that. We're doing it willingly and cooperatively because we love our friends a channel for. If they were from 7 or 10, we would have never let them in a gate. If they were from 10, we would have called Metro and they would be escorted away right now. We would have tied them, strapped them into a chair and made them listen to 10 years of Brian or crosses neighborhood weather, nonstop. Here's the weather for our olges. Okay, let's go to a highly yellow. Hello. Buenos dias. Buenos dias. Is it 7 on the in the dark house, not to? Oh yeah, well they put us on live at 5 yesterday, boy. They owe us an apology. I see, I want to apologize first at times when he could call him a weaning yesterday. Okay. All right, I'll like to apologize to my boss when I ring my pay between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. I'm also going to apologize to the Delhi Onions E program director who I didn't get through to the this secretary for Paul and him at Dingleberry. A Dingleberry. Yeah. Well that's a compliment in his case. He only wishes. I want to apologize to all the old folks in Hollandale for the treadmark and their back. I want to apologize to Mr. Gorge about that for passing gas after he's black days. And I've got an idea for a stand mayors that you can call it york strap radio. That was a jok strap radio. Jok strap radio. Yeah, well only if it's done Johnson's jok strap. Well you know I saw the latest hardware has a picture of a done johnson, which I'm going to spend a day and I think stand is going to get a thrill out of this. Are you serious? Um, serious. You got his clothes on. Uh, well he's got some, you know, he knows clothes on, but that way. Female clothes on. Yeah. Oh yeah, standal of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you feel like you don't get a thrill. You're okay. I'm sure. Okay, that's that drag net radio that I was talking about. That's right. Okay. Audio's. I'll read the search. North Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. I'm so glad I'm well listening to you. Same thing happened when I called. I thought it was Kyle and the Zach Kyle and the answer phone. Just leave him alone. Will you please? Alright. I was going to put a plug in for his raise too. Um, two things with Sadie. I understand I have a bunch of rumors here because I'm able to call you. We're on vacation instead of sort of, uh, I understand that when he always referred to as a program director in the paper he is day. Yeah, in the sun, Sentinel. Right. I understand he's giving orders now and expecting everyone to salute smartly and tackle up the hill for the speaker. Right. That's true. Okay. Off. I understand he got very angry. It's a stand major. The other day he told him to take a boiling end to him. That's good. That was very good. That was very good. That was very good. Don't get too good here, sir. I don't remember for you. At least, hours when seeing dating a young Polish girl who intends to hire as a secretary for 80 cents an hour, it won't be the first fully taken. Okay. Okay. I'm going to talk about a quick turnaround. The Lucian to the Fogs, you know, it's a stand place. Those aren't really Fogs. They're tapping the cow and his relatives protesting. His replacing her. Are you going to press your lock? I probably will. Also, in great respect, when you're reading. What ratings? A rating is the one that went from jumped all the way out off the board. Oh, those ratings. Yeah. Thank you. I understand a management doesn't you know, we're the papers. They're not interested, sir. We don't discuss ratings. We're not into that. And I'm also, I'm all these apologies you're making. You should be making them bilingual. It's not like that. I'm not interested, sir. We don't discuss ratings. We're not into that. They're not about bilingual, it's not acceptable. And if thou desert them on a phone, trying to reach a major z-coord, to get a security system for his own, now I understand. Okay. You redeemed yourself quit while you're hit. Tamarack, hello. Hello. Yes. I'd like to have to apologize, you know, seven, two. What are we do, sir? Well, you were on it live at five, but you were also on the regular newscath, a little bit the same piece more or less a little bit longer. Oh, yeah. Well, we always like channel seven a lot. Okay. So I'm going to say in the congratulation all the rest of the day. Thank you. When is this? Okay. Now, see that doesn't really get them off the hook. I mean, being on the 6 to 7 is bad enough because nobody watches it. But being on live at five is such a, I was going to say a major embarrassment that people would think I was using Stan's name in vain. It is, it really is. It's a monumental embarrassment to be on there with Denise White. Now, the other guy who sits there that's statue, whatever his name is, and he's made such a sensational impression. I can't even think of his name. He's, you know, he's bad, but he's inocuous. But Denise White is so bad on a scale of minus infinity that, you know, there are no words to describe it. I would even rather sit and watch me share. And I would rather be dead than to have to watch me share. Except when she presses her lips, that's the part I like the best. When she does the winking blanket and not imitation, that's not too bad. But when she starts cursing her lips, that's when we really all get turned on. And channel 10 gets turned off. Homestead, hello. Neil? Yes sir. I guess, long time listener, first time caller. When is this? When is he? Sir, congratulations on your numbers. And for the past two weeks, I've been trying to get all my family together to listen to the Michael Jackson gloves song. Can you please play for us? Well, I have a little piece of information on that. We have been told in no uncertain terms that this is not to be played on our air, but because you are so persuasive and pervasive, I'm going to play just for you. Thank you very much. Wait a minute, is your family there now? I mean, I know that I always do this. I have about 10 people here. Oh yeah, right. But I do, sir. What are you doing? Have you an orgy in homestead? No. Call Metro. Okay, sir. Good luck to you. Hello. Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Urgent youth to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by heading a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar coins. I urge you to do like I do. Go at a loan. That makes sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson gloves. One on either hand, the Michael Jackson gloves adds the security in peace of mind that I need to do it myself. So remember, before you pull it out, put it on and... Well, Michael Jackson gloves, proving once again that a bird in a hand is better than one in a boat. A battle between sickle and models for extra stimulation. Well, I'll tell you one thing. We're not getting any calls about George Bell there. But if Channel 4 played their cards right, they'd have some great material for the news tonight. And we want to send our best to Michael Putney because we don't like Scott a great sense of humor and never stole a freight train. For a lot of day, hello. Hello, Neil. Long time with my first time in college. Buenos Aires sir. Hello. Welcome to Carroll City. Two apologies. One to the neighbors of Okvaldez. Yesterday I went up onto the US Iowa and in a week moment, I approached the gunnery officer. And I tried to convince him to rob a shell over into his area. But then I pulled back and thought about the neighbors and decided against the idea. And about Jorge's family. There you go. And the second one is when you were on vacation, I was in a hurry. And I had the occasion to go to a rural. And warming up the people, the hostess, the people were outside. What way do you know? What way do you know? You went to a low-owned. They were warming up the people? Not the cook. It sounds like a Santa Riera ritual of Hiolia sir. But they were trying to find out how many people they have to exercise the US of A. Yeah. The doggy dog business sir. Right. People have to plant the Germany. Some people have to go here. And I volunteer to South Florida. And you piece of advice how many people from outside the Florida area. You're right. We got in this area. It's so far as the Pyrenees will visit. The troubles we've seen sir. I'm going to replace New Yorker. And I'm going to say that you turned 7 hours. Work day into a 2 hour work day because it's a 10 to 2. Okay. Well we apologize to your boss and have a great weekend. Yes. Okay. Miami. Hello. And here's the World Man. Yeah. Well that's it. I'd like to thank people to play a 50 music back on the hands. They wouldn't rock you to roll. You know, I believe Rick Shaw is doing this voice. I mean, I can't believe this. Come on now. Is this really James Hummel or are you putting me on? Uh, what I think you're bad. No. Oh man. Okay. A lot to do. See? I mean the Vultures not here in person on the weekend. But he has to call in the show for a lot of day. Hello. Oh, stand. Oh, no. And I'm sorry for that. Yeah. You are. And I'm sorry that I won't think going to late. Can I ask you a question? But there's one thing I can wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What kind of a phone are you on? This is a horrible camera. Yeah. Take it back. Let's see. We have an open line in date. 6249400. Hompano. Hello. Yes. How are you doing? What is this? I don't speak Spanish. That's why I moved from Miami. Really? Couldn't take all those Cuban. I wanted to let you know my wife and I agree with you about Michelle Gillon. When I heard you say that, she said you're a number one on her list. Yeah. She's a simple to me. He's a twit like you. Exactly. You have to figure out how to pronounce her name, much less what it is she's doing there with those 40-pound earrings. You know? It's embarrassing. Right. You're going to wear a perfect earring. I know you don't take a perfect place. I heard it was on your shoulder. It was on a stand shoulder, Tom Dick and Harry. No chance. No chance? No. Because I get that. That's another one they got hysterical about. No way, sir. Anywhere I can pick that up. you have costan and ask you that's his thing okay we'll do thank the law okay and we have a celebrity caller g Michael McKay on the phone with this now I can't believe this somebody from in the business generally speaking congratulations on your phone is check Neil yeah it's in the mail it's in the mail hey listen you really got to get off work gave out as he needs to buy lingo thing because he doesn't know English in the paper this morning it's i and my family are in danger yeah my family and i uh coordinate when he learns to speak English won't need the law so it's just a temporary thing yeah have a good day is that it that's it what is this a hidden run call run okay what is this for i can't believe this all these other people in the business that used to call it on the show and you know like schmoo's and hang around on the phone hoping that some of these success would rub off i mean i can't believe that Mike McKay just ran off into the distance while you see figure tanner would hurt it and get all upset okay now listen this is a good ball with this the first time we've had any open lines of the show all day and they figure you know we've got twenty minutes left if you want to make a comment if you want to be a celebrity on channel four here's your chance because they're desperate any realize that it's not going to happen but i'm just you know putting on a good show for him date counting that's the all lines are flashing and i know that those people were not waiting until what i just said so there's no way you're out of luck but after what channel four did we see yesterday they deserve it north Miami hello come on and you know how to do a good evening i don't mess with success right mess with success sir that's a good thing uh i've listened all week and my blood pressure is getting up a little bit too um or is they say on the stand major show on dress with success yeah you know i don't understand uh how these uh what you're rating congratulations on your rating oh yeah ten point eight in the once time hour um why is your station keep taking uh your cart away from you different records slowly but surely they seem to be creeping in yeah uh uh you have the so far campaign for freedom of speech and these people keep slowly taking things away from you yeah well i have the head so to speak of big balls radio well they're interesting you should mention that because i was just going to tell you there is a disease that is set in here at the station that has to do with what you just mentioned and they are shriveling yes matter of fact uh as of this moment there are about there are about the size of pistachio nuts um there there is some danger that by the end of next week there'll be the size of BBs uh there's a lot of you listen listen it's probably never heard freeway and speak it because they took it off a couple you know that's gone exact uh there's a lot of things it seemed to be slowly uh i maybe they want you to go back to a uh four five show you maybe you're getting no i was gonna say this announcement but i'm gonna start doing next week we're gonna bring a lot of guests back on the show a lot of those boring guests we're gonna have the top college star and the urologist and the authors and the diet people yeah we're gonna start bringing all those boring jury entry-coriated guests and they know if we can get back down to a three yeah the real exciting shows right right i see if we can get back down to about a three then perhaps we can re-earn their respect yeah well i'm the um i think maybe if a few listeners would start writing into the management and tell them i think if we should have a little campaign uh leave success alone or don't mess with success and i think people should write and it's starting complaining because uh pretty soon they'll have you down you won't have any card at all you know and uh that's about all i got to say i can graduate you and uh the past couple days you've been real serious and uh it's different uh no more but uh i'm more but uh i'm what channel uh four oh boy four i'm burst and i seen uh more more could i mean uh Sergio uh i start to say more more could not be i'm in Sergio uh what's his name George Bell that is four four hey yeah four four hey is that how you say that's it yeah four four hey okay sure that's nice when i see you i've listened one Saturday a month at least yeah i think working back working one Saturday a month sounds good to me yeah no i'm at off once a month we don't have y'all three in Oracle i like it the other way okay have a great life oh you keep keep it up if you can't say goodbye bye okay bokeh hello yeah Neil congratulations on the rating thank you so much aren't you excited about him i am so excited i'm just tinkling in my pants here i'm going nuts i'm a switchover for a metham i'm listening to you now if you know how much significance they had you'd really go nuts i really also want to tell you how they put you on channel 10 they didn't even give you a chance to talk no it was pretty good actually channel i must confess as much this stain as i have for them and as much content is they have for me i thought they did a bit put together a pretty good patchwork job well yeah they left you there with your picture and they just spoke over you there's Neil Rogers yeah and it said last November did you notice that yeah and then they well they weren't going to send somebody out here yesterday they weren't going to dignify us by their presence i mean two was here and four was here and seven and CNN and i and n but channel 10 man they're busy understand i just think so whole crew just to stick me shells earrings on they don't have time to send people out here it's true i just turn them on to see they have to paste that stupid mustache on white lottery else face it takes a lot of time to do that make up i think you're doing great and i wish you played at that little thing you do about or hey valedas when they take when they take that crane and drop an in a chair man that is a work of art it's fantastic if you could Neil like it where he said i estate it and it's not so much for me but i like your what the part where you play i stated that on something and then i have to go to the store for chili peppers that oh yeah that's the Georgefeld as rebuttal okay maybe we'll get that into that don't thank you very much and continue okay bono's duos okay candle hello yeah i'm going to demand some time the policy from you okay i apologize i'm going to do it up my life in my work productivity i said sit here listen but wlyf and it's soft background music what's that lifeless yeah it's lifeless it's not somebody turn the bow that wins and i started listening to the Neil Rodgers show and now i just sit here with all kinds of work power up in my desk and don't get a damn thing done yeah it could be worse you could be listening to qba a you know i have to go shopping downtown for my motor she needs some tortillas and chili peppers oh i had so i got straight away and early look it's cost me money in the army of apologies what i say i'm sorry we'll never do it again is that good enough oh there he goes i guess he accepted it right either that or wasn't good enough 13 before well screw him 13 before yes yeah listen to the speaker speak up speak up if you know that when thou does was in qba he had a very important job hello i'm listening man i'm hanging on your every word that's you been friend of mine used to work with him in qba he's got a red knotty you're accepting a flat so can't remember when you ran back to life that's a good one i ought to use that on for tonight 12 minutes before two at w i and z did you hear what she said did you understand it i didn't either for sure i think i do now but you know mobile phone hello hello this is mobile phone yeah listen to your show for about a half hour and i you know i really feel it you serve as purpose and it can be a key to a lot of people and just pains but you know but for a half hour we haven't said i've been trying to get something and you haven't said anything i'm waiting for something meaningful to be said like what like good body i don't know i don't like good night i don't tell you tell me you you know i don't know i don't seem meaningful happening yeah it's all around circle what have you been by meaningful in other words you feel that there must be some kind of redeeming social value on this program is that what you try to say no kind of not let me say something on great wait a minute sir we're not letting me say something meaningful to you okay excellent i still live it's eleven before two at w i and z let's say i mean on a mobile phone no less of 35 sense of minute and he's calling in here another suit tappy is no longer on this station sir we do not invite pseudo intellectuals to call in especially from their mobile phones okay so they can impress us without important they are well i think that's sure geos got a sense of humor that's unbelievable okay let's take our last break it will come right back okay stand majors in the building of anybody owes anybody in a apology it is stand major right or the list is so long i mean first of all the Haitian community after the disgusting road test comments that stand made about our Haitian friends the uh bahameian government after those nauseating revolting comments he's made about the bahamas and how rude and discussing even if they're true which they are uh he owes an apology today is apology day at w i and z we are sorry we take it all back and we especially apologize to our management for doing a little bit too well our next caller on a payphone hello hello yes sir how are you good i apologize to for a whole day for living in the county as an unspanked panic person speaking the English no i don't yeah yeah i know it's and number two uh remember yesterday the guy called says he didn't think what's happened to my amy without the Cubans yeah i know what's happened to my amy without the Cubans my amy would be another tropical paradise again as opposed to what a tropical depression and uh seen how that's a shot you should apologize for that sir because there are a lot of nice Cubans out there but i say you want to you're doing this thing word bell this is not one of them but there are a lot of nice Cubans out there yeah a lot of them but you're doing this in democratic way exactly all asking is you know we're giving out phone numbers we're asking people to call the metro commission officers that's it period we're not asking for violence death threats bomb threats attacks on anybody's family but of course mr. valdez always retreats backing to that crap again of all my family and why is he doing this to me and he's just trying to make himself into a martyr but he is wanting he's unrealize he can not handle the banana but mentality with the democratic mentality exactly it's in the guys outside the metro government sent you demonstration has all that i bet you got the office in two hours and i got one more good thing for you okay i was coming up in the juniors and about now we're going to you know i see these big posters the use for uh this um the election things there's a picture of a young boy he's about like 20 years old as he looks he's named his p and ELAS he's running for an office i don't know what office because you're all right wait a minute you want to sit not on safe because i don't think you can say that on here it might be actionable do you want to spell that again p and he's running for an office and the only thing in that sign is an English it says a new voice but i want to ask you one thing you wrote this letter down okay wait a minute p and yeah it is it just take to an EL in the middle and put it up front and see what is it EL penis that's how exactly he looks like incredible yeah i'm going to pick a picture from okay well he's got my votes sir okay good luck to you plantation hello hello hi this is a privilege i'm glad you're working today but i'm sorry i'm bothering you yeah i'm just concerned because there you know there are a lot of hotlines available for drug addiction and you know all these things are going to save everybody and there's a hotline for cocaine addict but there are no hotlines for new rodor addict what do we do hello hello hello hello i also you know i i i stand show this or my purpose because i've been non-productive ever since your show came on to my dial and you know you told me apology because i've lost a lot of money well i'm very happy i'm very sorry i know that i have to come work on Saturday just to catch up because i don't do my work during those hours but during things so i you know i told them i'm able to we know off of the of the radio you're able to what and i'm not saying to the TV you know TV's have touched the kiosk yoke you know rogers listeners are we potatoes or what are we we seem to keep losing contact here i keep adding up i keep no i'm not cutting you all i just keep pollucinating that you're asking me these in-aing questions and i know that you couldn't possibly be doing it so it just must be hallucination well it's a hallucination i really mean it i love you share when we do listen to stan it we now and then we'll be trying to get the work done well actually we particularly suffer because we all need to get back to work so this is really i mean you know you can't be blamed for anything okay well i'm sorry for all of it and have a wonderful life oh boy i'm telling you boy this show is coming to a close none too soon let's go to Miami hello i don't want to yes welcome welcome to my world are we gonna spin a dream or two maybe cop a jackpot or two who's there two days anyway did you realize you haven't mentioned it but doctor Bernard is no longer yes i did mention that i take great to credit for that new rogers potato heads that's not too bad but he is i mean cellos at the epic your market yeah you know would they replace them with those that whoever it was but i'm so some other boring guy i don't know yeah right exactly did you ever notice on that pocket the the audience doesn't realize who they're speaking to because they're asking the salary jesse they're asking her real estate questions yeah i think the audience is very confused by that format well listen the fact that they're listening into kachig radio a confusion to begin with doesn't it yeah really does anyway on this are a cute discharge of this situation i've listened to this guy speaking lish and if i was uh 50 year old rat melons spoke english the way he does i mean i'd be embarrassed yeah this guy is a borderline illiterate when it comes to this i don't think borderline is accurate as i would say that the illiterate is uh you know the accurate term but i mean it doesn't speak it in place let's be honest yeah i've heard some lat colors to your programs who are very reasonable and very uh in spiteful on this thing and they too do not want to see this i mean the gosh from the post office who called and there's been other colors yeah there's nobody who wants to accept your words about this that's the bottom line salad doesn't want it qba doesn't want it citizens of day united don't want it uh don't want it that's good i'm starting to speak like George now and nobody wants it that's the bottom line so all we got to do is say audios are we vader to give it a rest put it away and leave us alone already right i right i agree anyway i'm going after call the right now well good luck to you think i would do i have a good chance to be a grusley and then person maybe he could be there okay more likely on twos day they're closed on Tuesday but that's why you never loses any money it's a track well listen that's going to do it we were really on a high roll and of course we degenerated to an all-time low here in the last half hour or so and we can thank our friends at channel 4 for that but listen you know nothing is perfect in life you're who ought to be sorry and we accept your apology and have a wonderful life and the say hi to Alan Mendelssohn okay stay tuned stand is going to be in here to apologize for his whole show for four hours