I want my bike, Sun-em-Elf, every Saturday to the list of this guy called me named. She might need to say, same on you. By the way, have you seen some of those bag boys at the new AMP? No, what are you cackling about egg? This isn't my turn. A million producers in the world in the basement in here with an egg. Shack is my car. Sun-em-Elf, hello. How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy. How am I your fault, how are you? Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. I don't need this. It offers from other stations, a cavea, a mara, a friendoria. But instead I stay here and entertain you, grow test, step-shew is due to bad. Unbelievable. To need the hell out. Oh, is this new record? Look at the phone I want sir. How far again? Do you have a dial phone? Oh wow. No, I had to put it to the operator. Who was he? What's the game today? Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't any more. He's a dodging old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, Ryan. Do we be true in two? Oh, she's trying to add your pathetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait for what he had to do. Oh, boy. Okay, well, let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not. Little radio history there. Tell them heard before and you heard it first on Zeta 4, 714 on a Friday morning and our next caller is probably he had a brown county disappeared. Hello, are you there? Yes, wait. I can't believe it. He held on. Frightening. Go ahead. Yes, wait. What? Yes, wait. Where is Lee? First complaint. How long have you been listening, sir? No, no, I mean this morning. How long have you been listening? Oh, okay. Well, I didn't know we owe him an explanation, right? Right. What is the explanation? Lee's just not here anymore. This was not his bag. I'm not braiding by the car. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That was good. I like that. I like that. That was my favorite call of the whole week. Where's the Greek regress? You know, this was a good one. Yep. Okay. No, Lee actually got jealous when David Cohen came in and he asked this. Why is that he couldn't handle it? Can handle a pressure? Okay. Let's go to the court. Dave County. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Uh, maybe you can clarify something for me. That's got through his voice. So, well, you know, it's frightening. Uh, this guy is damn. Stand who? And majors. Oh, yeah. Keep talking about this guy, Don, Jonathan. Who the hell's Don, Jonathan? I don't know. Never heard of him. I'm believable. Yeah. You can say it again, sir. You see the paper this morning? What paper? Um, the girl? No, I don't, I don't read there. It's right here, but I won't even touch it. The sexual priest is living a living contradiction. A what? A sexual priest. Yeah. He turned into a woman now. Great. Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways, sir. No way, Jose. It's a miracle. That's a miracle. See? Yeah, Jose became one-eater, I think. Yeah. Is that it, sir? Uh, could you play that on? Oh, here we go, Jose. Yeah. Now this is a textbook case for the water and see how to pattern it. Textbook case. Go ahead. What is it? One of, of Elvis with addiction. Everybody wants to be Elvis. Elvis impersonators. Oh, yeah. That's in the other room. You think I'm going to go and go and slept all the way in the other room to get that? We'll see what happens, sir. We'll give it a shot. Okay. 5.5.0. 94.9D. If you can get through on this ridiculous phone system. Well, we don't want to belly ache about it too much, but it sucks. It's a bottom line. 5.5.0.9D. And Boca, of course, sitting there very silently. In fact, there's several little lines sign up. But we probably be a reason for that, right? What could that be? Well, we don't want to go into that again. That's not good carry to wait. Okay, 17 past 7, and we'll go back to date County. Good morning. Hi. Hi, how you doing? Oh, my God. Good morning. First time I spoke in, you just program. Aren't you lucky, huh? Aren't I lucky? Mm-hmm. Great. We're just so thrilled and here you wouldn't believe it. It's just coming here, you know. It's hard to hear on the phone, you mean? I have to, with you. Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah. Well, that's your idea. Oh, is that, yeah? Yeah, that way we can throw a few insults and nobody picks him up. Let me ask you something. Yeah. Does that really run Harris and would to give the news today? What? Does that really run Harris and the gave the sports earlier? No. Oh, you mean, Mr. Sports? Well, you know, he said, run. No, Ron was just hanging. No, he was just hanging around in here. You know, he had nothing to do. He sounded terrible on the phone. He has scoured the newspaper. What sounded terrible? This boy has sounded like he had a six-canged. But he did. Oh, he did. He had, he had to big one. Not anymore, though. I don't know whether we should go back to the old form that, but did you watch him not landing? Oh, I forgot all about it. No, I went, actually. God. What happened? All his phone calls. Every time I tried to take an apioste, they're the phone kept ringing. And I went to bed at 9 o'clock. Oh, my God. Well, what happened? He arrested the api. Really? Yeah. And then they finally, well, I won't go through the whole. Oh, here he comes at his mic off. Okay. Go ahead. Ignore him. But they finally decided to get a respect to his dairy that did. That he realized that Olivia was saw her mother dead, and naturally Abby thought Olivia dead at that. Yeah. Well, on that show, everybody does it. Huh? I said on that show, everybody does it. But, uh, pay, she's having their dreams, and I think mac or father is becoming very suspicious of her. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, well, listen, I won't go into the whole detail, but make sure you watch it next week. Wait until next week when the real Parmesan twins come knocking at Abby's door, that's going to be something you watch. Good luck on your program. First time I've listened to it. Thank you. Have a nice day. Okay. See, that's first time she's listening. So she got a little confused when she heard Mr. Sports. She thought it was Ron Harris and after his sex change. And actually Ron Harris and his Arlene Raw, she's not aware of that. After the change. All this confusion is understandable. Sure. Easy for you to say. Okay. It's almost 720, and I guess we might as well do it, and that vocal line is, you know, I just can't relate to that. I can't relate to it. I'm going to put like Scotch tape over it, so don't have to look at it. 5, 5, 0, 9, e, 4, 9 e. It will take loads of calls today, and, you know, there's a lot of people have called and said, where's the music? It's almost 720 on say to four. Rough scene in Miami last night of four year old boy who apparently thought a loaded 38 caliber revolver was a toy. Shot and killed a four year old sister. This accident occurring when David Dallas and a sister Maggie were at the family owned Dallas security firm. Metro, they police said the boy picked up the gun. Shot his sister in the head. Maggie Dallas pronounced dead later at a Miami children's hospital. After spending more than two hours yesterday before a grand jury investigating the famous suit case, Dave County manager Sergio Pereira says he feels victimized by the man who sold him stolen goods because Pereira said he bought them in good faith. And a foul strike has ended. However, the Pierce replacement players will again be used in this weekend's games. And once again, the USS become a target in the Persian Gulf. No indication yet how it will respond to today's attack. This time the target of US flag, Kuwaiti tanker. And we have an accident northbound on i95 this morning. This is near the 69th street exit ramp, and that is backing up traffic to 112. Rough area. Yeah, you don't want to. You'd like to avoid that area. And all times. Zeta forecast partly sunny and breezy today. Hi, we'll be about 85 in low tonight about 75. The good news is we have just a slight chance of rain now and that's going to hold through the weekend. It's 71 degrees. It's 721 and a half on Zeta 4. And I'm Glenn Hill. Zeta 94.9 FM's contests and prizes are for the enjoyment of our listeners. Employees of Guy Gennett Broadcast Services and prize vendors are ineligible. Please let me ear winning to once every 30 days and keep listening to the home of rock and roll. Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 New pop, yamokia broitor and gold. And charis both. And where it everywhere I go. Round to other hazy hazy. They don't go up to say. So be true to your show. Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Zeta 94.9 Now Neo Rogers continues to shoot the breeze on W-I-N-Z. I watch station. It's called 6-2-1-9-100. In outward 5-2-4-9-400 don't follow it on the side. Let it all out with Neo Rogers. Do you believe she said that? It's an accident. Didn't she say Zeta 4? Yeah. That's why I heard it. Yeah. I thought she said Zeta 4 didn't you? Yeah. Yeah. W-Z-T-A. I thought it was something like that. Yeah. There was a Z-N-Z in her summer. I think I'm going to keep playing that. I like that. Zeta 4, the Neo Rogers show a Friday morning. And don't get hyper now. There's everybody relaxed. The daylight is breaking out there. And that beautiful look at this. That's right. There's Rick Edwards running around in circles over near the tower. It's fantastic. Okay. Let's take some of the calls here because they're lit up like a Hanukkah bush. Rowered County. Good morning. Thank you. Good morning to you in the birds. Yes. And how are you? I'm just fine. How are you? You sound fine. We're fine. Can we? Yeah. I have a question. Yes. At the sports guy. Yeah. Mr. Sports? It sounds a lot to me like Brian Norcross on staff. Well, I didn't want to let it out of the bag. But he is a distant cousin. A kissing cousin. I should tell. Yeah. I bet you're good. We'll find you guys. Yep. I had a radio accident this morning. My first ever. Really? What did you stumble upon? Well, I was trying to fix breakfast. I was going to do it the same time. I had to tell me to hurry up and I got close to it's a good time. I had a quick tune over. Hmm. Oh, I'm just an accident. It's frightening. Oh, really? What? That's like a major disaster. That would be like a headline story. It's a good time. I know my husband has got to fix his own breakfast. He was going to have accidents like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing. It's amazing. I went to the melting pot and I had a wonderful time. That's so much so now my husband wants me to go up and get pots of chocolate to go at night. Yeah. I don't blame her. Did you get the white chocolate or the adark? Oh, I got the dark. I'm going to try the white and extra chocolate. Oh, trust me. The dark is great. But the white chocolate with the amaretto is so good that you'll forget your husband. You're just kicking him out. That's great. It's something I should. Just take the chocolate home. Okay. Well, I really enjoyed it. And I thought Jamie bounding after you that night. You wrapped your eyes. I should lost your wallet or something. You're really frantic. Yeah. He came flying out of there like a maniac. I saw that. I was just acting natural. You know, like a maniac. I saw he worked there and you forgot your wallet was something real important. That'll be my luck. Probably he'll be working there next week. I'll go over there instead of getting Dave to wait on me. Will wind up with Jamie is going to be the first fun do, Ville Parijana history of mankind. Well, you have a wonderful weekend. You too. For the first time in a while. Okay. Yeah. Isn't this exciting? It's just great. Now they don't have to listen to me. Bitch about working on Saturday and more because I won't be here. And I like it when we have our choices. That could play and not to play because you call them up on the FM. They won't play. Anyway, so it's a different. Yeah. That's right. They got their playlist and they pretend that they're playing something you wanted to hear. But if it wasn't on a list, they won't play it anyway. Yeah. They just say it to pass. You got it. Okay. Have a nice one. You're too. All right. She's so right. What's the difference anyway? Yeah. They're not going to play what you want. If they didn't pull in and request something that's on the list, and they recorded it, and they put it on the air. Oh, look at this. Our would be a nice one. Play what you wanted to hear. It's a complete blind damn luck. And if it wasn't on a playlist, man, those consultants would drag them screaming and kicking out of their so fast. You wouldn't believe it. It's 730. Right on a nose. Here on Zeta Fortishow is flying this morning. Is it like a big bird? Ha ha ha. Just flying long. Let's go to Broward County. Good morning. I hate it now. Good. What's up? I'm much seems to me you got rid of those carphone ID to use to get yeah the mobile caller seemed to like have disappeared Yeah, you know why? Well, first thing in the morning now. Yeah, well, our cheap skates too, you know, cuz 35 cents a minute starting from the ring and you know very often We let them just keep bringing so they're not gonna call their cheap are calling them their cheap sueds Yeah, hey, that is a good idea. Maybe we could get people to write it to write in with their mobile phone numbers And we could call them in a morning and then what we really will do will call them when they're not in the car When they got the car like parked and they run in somewhere and we'll let it ring and wait for like cuz you get charged when somebody calls you They'll run the stuff running out of wherever they are to run to the answer Did they get charged the same yeah, we call them absolutely I didn't know there. Oh, yeah, well, that's that's power Whatever you do don't give up my number. I have a given it to anybody yet. I know which is just the way I like it real common peaceful in the car Yeah, well in case you need it, you know good question You show it to him great now. Yeah, we're cooking there. We I think yesterday. We finally cross the path You know what I mean? Yeah, I don't know I think like yesterday we finally got our acta either and huh? Oh, I lied. Yeah, well listen, what did you want to hear sir? Oh, you think I'm another um now I'm just pulling your leg pulling your leg Are you going to work? Today lucky bay. Oh not today any special reason No, no just that he just another would do you work? Yeah, you work but you're not going today and it sounds like there's something a little devious here that we don't want us to probe into right Okay, oh, this is good. I like this. I think we've touched a raw nerve on this call now listen We don't want to cry. I don't want to get you hot water Where do you work? Okay, listen enjoy your day. What do you do go not to call today? Yeah, I don't know go on out to the abroad mall attend a troll Yeah Well good luck to you sir. Okay, and tell Stan I said hi Okay, okay. He'll be over there at the mall with you. I'm sure it's 732 Mr. Sports is in the other room gargling and getting ready to do his thing And in the meantime let's go back to date County. Hello Good morning Neil. Yes Walter. How you know at Walter you stupid old fart how are you? The ground about his new account. Okay, well here we go oh Grand we have a problem here in New York The grand jury was investigating the famous suitcase What the hell was the famous suitcase Also said that Iraq was an ally of Kuwaiting. There's no such country is Kuwaiting There is it no strike and try Kuwait oh Kuwait Kuwait, that's right. Thank you Walter That's the way it is 733 okay my scene. I a little friend have a wonderful weekend Thank you and audio send and rather sends his best to 733 on Zeta 4 and we're going back to date County again good morning Hello, mobile mobile What do you mean what yeah, you're on the air sir. Isn't that what you wanted? I know Yeah, bunch of suits, but you might be an exception sir. We'll give you the benefit of the doubt First of all although When you start paying I'm to let's pick up. Oh really I didn't know that we heard the other Yeah, secondly I really wanted to hear your number but you're not gonna give it out. Oh, yeah, you're right. I'm gonna give it on the air Yeah, yeah, brilliant idea Where it where is this today? Biff is no longer with the show Biff is he'd be doing some other stuff. I guess. Oh, that's too bad. Yeah I want to ask a question You remember the old Ford Latter-down soccer team. Oh, yeah the strikers. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm They have any connection with Jeff as a matter of fact. Yes, the team was named in his honor, but Mayor Cox did not like the connotation and as a result it's audio is a river there I've got some all bumper stickers. They've had a send just something say striker like her Oh, that those would be great. I have to read it carefully. Not spelled right, but they would be great Yeah, you have to read it carefully. You don't want to get any trouble. Well, you know, Peter Boulder our program Directors look and fused about all this Jeff strikers stuff. He hasn't figured it out So I guess we're gonna have to paste some of our pictures up on his door today to give you know Lead him in the right direction direction Like I keep telling people you have to listen for a while you'll catch on there Yeah, it's like a soap opera. I said Peter. I don't have time to go back to the beginning and explain it all to you know Oh, but hang in there and it'll little little all makes sense. We're hanging Yes, sir very quickly I saw you on TV you know when when a head was doing your thing a couple of weeks ago or a week ago Yes, you had hair and everything. Yeah, isn't that amazing? Yeah, but I haven't been remembering back to the traffic I heard you had the bald Jean wine garden said it was bald. Yeah, were you way back then? Well, I don't remember I don't remember being bald, but may have been right on on the TV I know Step with the old traffic thing right well. I'll work on it. Okay, audio is okay Not a bad corner for mobile phone call or you know 735 on jay to four Good morning everybody in the national hockey league last night the islanders Shout out to Elfia 6th nothing in overtime the Rangers and Pittsburgh played away six all tie and the Boston Bruins beat Los Angeles 3 to 2 Although the national footballing players ended their strike one union leader says it's not a surrender Terming the move a ceasefire unable to negotiate a contract settlement the union is taking the owners to court The owners say the back to work order by union leader Jean-Upsha came too late to avoid a third straight weekend of Why do he her dogs pitching choice for the opening game of the world series is a surprise? He's picked rookie left-handed Jean-Uggrain over veteran Bob Forsch to pitch against Minnesota's Frank Viola in the first game of the series Saturday night Cardinals also learned that their basement Terry Pendleton will probably be locked for the series because of a ribcage injury suffered in the last game Of the playoffs Mike Tyson defenses heavyweight crown in Atlantic City New Jersey tonight against 1980 four-year-old middleless Tyrell bigs Tyson and I know one favorite is unbeaten and 31 fights with 27 knockouts Bigs is 15 and oh with 10 knockouts and that's sports 22 to late 7.38 in Espanol. It's C.A. He 30-o-cho. Thank you. Or whatever. That's not how they do the time. Ocho-minos 20-dos so Dave says that right Ocho-minos 20-dos 22 before eight well no Oh come on can me cut me a break is Stan would say do you know anybody who says that? Only stay. Cut me a break that's like one of those tragic ancient lines it's like yeah like Stan by me Anyway this hour and now we got to play the roaches for that nice lady she really remember she called back yesterday And she said she's with us for life and you said it's good and after we played married men by the roaches which is cute you know We're gonna play it sometime. Maybe if not this hour next hour for sure because she said she listens from seven to ten Okay, and I don't want to I don't want this supporter. It's here. It's like right in the thing there Yeah, like I don't know so this hour got stepping will come on up and that we are gonna play it right? Oh, absolutely come on that that's the greatest okay, Boca good morning When it's dead, why does the STU two sir? This is so sound great there really does I know that's because we're loosen all that other good stuff really What do you mean on the speaker phone? Nobody in other words when you're talking to what you mean? Yeah, yeah It's not bad I think they expected to be in stereo on their phone Well, now you see the problem is like on the AM we had this other system when we didn't use the speaker phone We used a different system and the all the microphones are like wired directly into it so it sounds like a regular phone call Is opposed to this which sounds like we're in a barrel Yeah, but the interesting thing of it is we are in a barrel. That's the good part It's real radio Our leads left is not with you guys anymore, right? No, Lee is moving on to other things I think it's probably the best thing get to make people in the room there just kind of I don't know that all right, but I think for his Well, he's demise got to play the James Brown the soul patrol and your keyhole thing form that might be Oh, yeah James Brown security alarm On the telephone the work guy does sound like Brian door cross. Yeah. Well, what can I say? The weather here is beautiful You're like your Tony cigarette or I guess in the morning comes in and does the That's a sports player a little more upbeat than Tony, but he's good There's another couple things that's the bit about the six year old me Roger that's gonna be a classic Yeah, that's a sworn editor From Geneva I didn't know they had that I would've been try to hide that but they dug it out One more thing I hate to ask for a question my girlfriend doesn't believe You play the joy-runnels gong meal the thing all the time, but not one day of last week You played I think you just played it once was a Neil Rogers thing. It was on the same of the same song. Oh, yeah It was hilarious Well, I'll be honest with you. It's in the machine right as you speak Fantastic you guys doing great and you'll have a great weekend. I'm sure you're looking for that two-day You have you have no idea Great thing to call thanks a lot. Okay. We'll call you again We reached Each ear harder. That's Joey The old rides your shoulders and your shoulders. The old rides your shoulders. The way you go, the little three. Just like me. The horse went to high-posing. The horse went to ten times. The old rides your shoulders. The old rides your shoulders. The old rides your shoulders. Okay, Joy. Never got anything like that, did he? You see, the reason I haven't played that is because it makes references to the AM. I'm trying to avoid that. But as I listen to this stuff, it doesn't make any difference. It still has the same flavor. 17 before 8 at Zeta 4 at our next caller, probably been waiting for a lifetime in Dade County. Hello, Niel. Yes. As the first morning I've had a office and you've made this change to Zeta 4 and I must say the story or make you sound more melal, like a nice guy. Right. You're coming off real more melal. Like a miracle, right? There I am. I just wanted to ask you, I'm more young people tuning you in. Because I work in North Campus and Miami Dade and they seem to be telling me everything you say. Oh yeah. You must be getting more younger, it's group here. Yeah, everybody with an IQ over six under the age of 35 and it's market listened to this show. But I'm really telling you, it's something interesting to hear the campus there. Actually, discussing the aridges instead of power 96. Now what? Now what? What campus is this? North Campus, Miami Dade College. Miami Dade, I wonder what Dave Cohen, which campus he goes to, did he say goes to Miami Dade? I said 113. Oh yeah, but you're that's where he is right now. I hope so, but listen, the IQ of the good work. Thank you. Bye. Have a nice day and everybody in it listening audience, keep your hands off our property. Okay? He's a good guy. He has good sense of humor and he came in. He spent a little time on the show and leaves lapiest today, which is why Lee is not here today anymore. You know, these FM people, and they're uptight and unfriendly. You know what I mean? Like me at the track, they are uptight and unfriendly. Speaking of the carpeting crew, here they come ladies and gentlemen. Isn't that them? It's like they're there. I would recognize that raft anywhere. Wouldn't you? The license plates are hanging off the back. Oh boy, that's part of the crew all the way. Didn't see somebody in that truck. So if I start getting nervous a little while, they're not too sure. May not be able to continue. Well you must confess now, all right. I mean, and I feel more comfortable because Lee was getting very upset and uptight and unfriendly. But you got to admit, now this was an extraordinary young man we had in here the other day. Wasn't he? If you say so. I mean, he even standard-mitted to me that he was an extraordinary young man. Of course, Stan, we don't know what the hell's going on now. We're not really sure. And look at that. Look like Don Johnson getting out of the truck, too. That looks just like that. That is. That's not. That's not. That's not. That's not. That's not. Okay, Kaja. ABC and CBS and AP and UP. I get him in here immediately. If not sooner. 550 94 90 is our number. If you liked it then that's toll free for anybody. Anybody who can hear us 550 94 90. And if you get some kind of a recording that means you shouldn't be calling us in a first place, right? Correct. This is next in Dave County, hello. Good morning, how are you? Great. And I make a suggestion regarding the music. Of course, anything you like. Okay, I noticed that during the past week you can stick you asleep left out America's greatest rock and roll band. Any guesses? The eldest is one of your favorite groups. I'm waiting. Each voice. No, we haven't. Then we play Snoop John B the other day. Got a police officer. We left it out. I think we left it out. We're going to play it. We didn't have time. Okay, he's a good vibration to serve a girl. It's probably being ordered. Okay. Okay, the second thing is this, did Carlos ever do it? Carlos, the label maker, you kept warning him not to do it. Did he ever? Carlos, no, we haven't heard from Carlos. I wouldn't want to speak for him. Okay, and last week, they're carcromersholes. Yeah. That gentleman certainly keeps his levels up, doesn't he? Yeah, he sure does. Okay, I went and let you know I'm enjoying it. Thank you. Have a nice weekend. Okay, five billion dollars. 14 before eight here on Zeta 4 and look at this. They're starting to roll in. Who the hell is that? Look at that program. Oh, that's a program director like I said. Look at that wonderful man who just drove in here. Look at it with a smile on his face. And he's taking little notes. He's writing down the time. You ripped me at 7.46. So you ripped me at 12 past 7. See, it's a good thing about him. He's only got an AM radio in there anyway. So don't worry about it. See, he can't look at he can't get out of the car. As long as we keep talking about him, he will not leave the car. Right, blame him? Well, if I look like that, I'd never get out of the car either. Just a joke, Pete, just a joke. Did he get out? He's still in there. He's not going to get out. He's still in there. He's taking little notes. What he's putting together his dream team for Linda Thornton. And by now, I would think Linda would be up wouldn't you? Yeah, Linda. Okay, so you woke me up two days in a row. No problem. I don't feel bad. You have no way of knowing when I'm taking an app. But that's not what bothers me. But bothers me is you don't understand. It's a dumb question. Nobody cares about your question about the dream lineup. They all want to be programmed directors, but they don't have dream line-ups. No. They have some nightmares, but no dream. By the way, look at that. The sun is shining. The sky is blue and Peter is still in the car. He's still won't get out of the car. Okay, won't get out till we take another call so we better do it. Who is this? Oh, this is our first time. How does it sound as stereo? Okay, a little too a hairy to leave that on forever, right? But I liked it. Yeah, the stereo time tunnel. You won't hear that. I'll enjoy what I was telling you that, ladies and gentlemen. No changes. No changes. Broward, hello. Hi, is this the lead you let in, friend? Show. Yeah. How you doing? Is Neil Rogers there? No, he is not on the show anymore, sir. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. Could you give him a message, please? Okay. Neil, this is Joe Meckle. It's a good time for a great motivational tape. Well, by the way, they haven't still haven't been able to motivate anybody listed that station. You've been noticed? Well, I did notice that, unfortunately. But our ratings are getting better. Yeah. What is it about a point two now? Well, pretty close. What? What feeling really good about that? I'm listening to a tape in my other ear right now. I'm feeling really good. That's really incredible, especially since the Neil Rogers factor is no longer on the AM dial, right? Thanks, God for that. Yeah, you can say that again. Thank God for that. Make it up to a point three. Okay, well, good luck to you, sir. Okay, and we have a motivational change for your I-95 song? Yes, sir. It changed the words to Apple. It's healthy for you, and you'll feel much better. Okay. He sounds almost as good as Bruce Williams. I mean, sure take care of that. Okay. 11 before eight, here on Zeta 4, the news is coming up almost instantaneously as we believe it. And we'll hear about that wonderful country of Kuwaiti, where they were their S best-those shoes. Is he still in the car? You bet. What the hell is he doing in the car? I think he's going to be there. It'll 10. Look at that. He's smoking the steering wheel. I can't believe it. It's not that bad. You know, don't fall apart. He's coming apart at the pieces. Look at that. You remember rear window where he had the suitcase in the trunk? And I don't know if one of the consultancies in there, but boy, it sure looks familiar. All right, it's 7. 15 now on Zeta 4. Like this word this morning, from Midland, Texas, says rescuers are getting closer to pulling that 18-month-old toddler out of the abandoned well. Officials say the rescuers tumbling through rocks so hard that it dulled diamond-tipped drills today broke a two-inch hole in the well-shaf where the youngsters trapped 22 feet below ground. The Pentagon hints it knows, but won't yet release the source of today's attack on a US flag Kuwaiti tanker in the Persian Gulf. But a spokesman says there are reports that an aircraft was in the area of the attack at the time. The commanders speaking in Washington declined to give further details on the report. And a third quarter report released by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles says that Broward, Penalis and Palm Beach counties are the fastest-growing counties in Florida. And what about this $46 million Pennsylvania lottery win? Yeah, what about it? Well, I'm so glad you asked. You get 1.4 million a year for 26 years. But I keep for things. I keep coming to work. I love it so much. Well, you got to have the winning number. It's no one has claimed the $46 million price. It's the largest in US history. And I, you know, if it isn't claimed within a year, it will go into a fund for state programs. Now, probably if I won it, I would take a plan trip to Portland, Maine, and I would take two things with me. One of them would be my winning lottery check. And the other one would be a broom handle. Okay. Does that say it all? I think it's very clear there. Okay, the Zeta forn case. Finally, set no. Okay, partly sunny breezy. Somebody missed your sports doing it. I didn't know. I 85, low 75, we have just a slight chance of rain. 71 degrees. It's 752 on Zeta. I'm Glenn Hill. 755 on Zeta forn. You got another little goodie for us. Another piece of great news. Wonderful traffic. Southbound term pipe near the stadium. Construction to the toll plaza. And that is slowing down traffic real bad. It says. In 27th Avenue and Northwest 207th Street, the Lakeless Surn area, there's a shooting and it's Dave Captain Dave wrote lots of cops in the area. So you probably don't want to go over there. Are they doing the shooting? I don't know. It's a big, hey listen. It's a gauntal. Dave County, you never know. You don't miss the traffic. They never know. Of course, that's for the lady in Boca who wants us to reinforce her paranoia. Okay, now I know it's coming as a great shock to you. And in the next hour, we will hear the roaches. Okay. For that lady? All right. Look like you don't want to hear the roaches. I just have my doubts. Well, we're going to play it. Yeah. Trust me about this hour. We're going to do something good because the PD is here. Hey, Roger O'Neill, how you doing? Love your show. What are you, he's on his own speaker phone. Listen to that. Why don't you get on the phone so we can hear you? Okay. Oh boy, this is a good guy. Totally the vocal calls are my favorites. This is what radio is all about. Come on, Roger. Hello? Hello? Yeah. You sounded better in the barrel. What's up? Nothing. Did you make you finish your show? Yeah, we weren't making fun of your show. That Joey Reynolds is almost better than you are. You know what? Yeah. How old are you? 13. Now you're not the guy that called us the other day, are you? No. Okay, good. Because you've lost a couple of years or lost something. I'm not sure what. I'm just gonna have a wonderful life, but I'm not gonna press my like a lot. I don't know me. Dave County, hello. One and Neil. How are you? Are you done, Bird? I'm all doing great, sir. Neil, there's a song I haven't noticed you play. I've listened to you all week and what that be? He all loads telephone line. I thought you said you liked that song. I do, I love it. Do we have a yellow and the other room by any chance? Oh, yeah, we have. Oh, but we got no time. Oh, don't say no. Who the hell get his mic off? Will your place, it hasn't come up. This is not like no repeat Friday or something. This is a low-half Friday, which we were going to talk about, but nobody has been able to figure out yet what the hell that means. Captain Dave, Captain David, I would just go. Let's go for ELO and telephone line. Yeah, this hour and then we'll push the who up to next hour. What does that mean we leave out? Oh, yeah, Bob Seeger. Oh, oh. Oh, that's loud. When I like that rambling gambling, man. It's a special gambling part. Okay, just for you, sir, this hour. Neil, one more thing. Yeah. I was in Bob Rich, he was not looking for Angel Hart. You were with Bob Rich? I was in Bob Rich's video store. Oh, yeah. I was looking for Angel Hart and I couldn't find it. Ever time I go in there, they don't have it. Yeah. But I seen a movie and you kept talking about it. And I got it. That movie was great for Hitcher. Oh, yeah. Of course. Classic. That was good. With P Thomas Howell. It was good. What a great second choice. Yeah, and right your Howard. Well, I, you kept talking about it. And I figured I'm going to try it. I don't know. I wouldn't sure what it was about, but it was good. It'll keep you right on the edge of your seat. I mean, are you saying you're still not sure what it was about? You've been after you saw it? Oh, no, I know what it's about. Yeah, I was a good movie. Oh, yeah. I didn't know what it was when I picked it up. I didn't know how bizarre it was going to be. I'm still waiting to see blue velvet. All right. Now, you remember the scene where Tom Howell is sitting there with a cutting for the coffee and Rutger Howard comes in and puts the pennies on his eyelids and Tom Howell says, why are you doing this to me? And he says, think about it. I didn't get that part. Well, think about it. All right. That's the message. I'm a wide dismorning meal. Okay. Thanks a lot. A reaver there. 143. It's 803 on say to four. Sun is shining. Blue skies. Beautiful day. And spite of whatever he tells you during the weather. It looks magnificent. We got to yellow. No, not right now. No, no, see, I like to do that. Because he just, he just freaks on. He just goes, no, later on, we'll play a little later on. But I just don't want to make sure everything's under control, right? Yeah. Yeah. Everything's fine. Go to Howard County. Hello. Yeah. Are you doing? Welcome to FN. Thank you so much, sir. Nice to have FN all over my house. I only had AM in one little radio and had to carry it in place to play. Yeah. That AM is a real pain, you know? Do you remember Ernest Angely? Sure. He'll say baby. How are you, baby? Super tramp. Back breakfast in America every Sunday morning while he did people in the head. Oh, yeah. That ought to do it for you. That was my, that was my line up on Sunday morning. I'm not talking about that today. Goodby stranger by super tramp, too, huh? We got so much music we gotta play. Now, yes, this is the last call. How hope not. No, I'm just a joke. All right, well listen, I just wanted to say good morning, it's nice that I can talk to you. Because usually I'm in the car or flying when you're in. Why, you can call us from your Mobile phone anytime you want one. I'm not rich enough to have a Mobile phone. You don't? Oh, sorry. I think they're a waste. That speaks well for you, sir. Yeah. To matter of fact. Yeah. I do carry a beeper though, that's what really stands. You carry a beaver, beeper. Oh, be better. I agree. OK, have a great weekend. Bye. I wasn't sure what he was talking about. You know, this is a family show. Look at this. 805. Just fly and buy. And the weather is coming up almost as we speak. Where everything is like on time and things are happening. And the boy, boy. Boy, boy. I can't get into your car. I know. Wait till Monday. We'll screw everything up Monday. Is it a forecast? It's beautiful outside. Partly sunny. A little breezy today. He'll be about 85. Yeah. Hello tonight. 75. And more canoes, we have just a slight chance of rain. And that is through the entire weekend. Oh boy. You betcha. 72 degrees. Isn't it great to be alive? It's 806 on Zeta 4. I'm Glenn Hill. Hey, young man. Yeah. Just an odd thing you're hanging around my house and I was. I want to talk to you about what you need to do. Wasn't here now. I'm going to put it this way. Yeah. Wasn't you who did a push-in? Put the stains upon the cushion. Put Prince on the dashboard upside down. Hey, what? Wasn't you? You broke a bill. Been messing with my daughter Jill. If it was, you'd better leave this town. Well, I'm going to say it. Yes, to a guy who did the push-in, put the stains upon the cushion. Put Prince on the dashboard upside down. Yeah. Yeah. But since I'm messing with your daughter, I've had trouble passing water. So I guess we're even all around. What are you doing? Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. I'm going to say after Red On Zeta 4, Friday morning. And I think we'll take one call before we do the roaches. Okay, because I've got to play that. I feel so guilty if I don't get that in for that wonderful, lovely, loyal, whatever she was. State County good morning. Hey, Neil, good morning. How you doing? Pretty good. I haven't been listening. I just got up as one. What's your hot topic? What's the hot topic? Well, the hot topic today is your dream line up. If you had your own radio station. I'm like, yeah. Actually, you didn't hear the background behind it. Linda doesn't know how to take no for an answer. Okay, so we just tried to get on. One more. She doesn't understand. It's a stiff topic, okay? Unbelievable. Linda just doesn't understand a stiff when she sees one. Well, about that pain in the ass, woman that called up. It didn't like your show and didn't like New York. She even bothering you. Oh, I wish she would call back. She was about my third favorite call of the week. She was definitely in the top five. She doesn't understand that life of empty and meaningless and so is your show. Yeah, that's right. You got it. So if it fits perfectly with her, right? Right. Well, I've got you on tape. It's a night and I'll listen to the rest of the night. Okay, have a great life. You got it all great day. Thank you so much. I'll even there. Oh, boy. These people are, it was so nice, you know? But this is like the honeymoon week, the first week. Yeah. The next week, we'll start calling everybody, doosh bags and really getting into it with these people and it'll be a different story. Hey, it's sound nasty and I's dull and it's just getting stereo now. That's it. This is disgusting. And that's what we'll really start cooking, right? By the way, we want to just make one comment. We love the consultants and we want to let them know that because for some of the Israelis and they love the show already, you know? And just leave us alone and it'll be okay. The first, the first time they say anything like even our low, it'll be over, right? We're not sensitive or anything, but enough is enough. Boy. You have something there? Well, you know, the traffic today, it's not like traffic. It's like a police report. Yeah. Well, this is like a police state, okay? You're a local, just stop always watching you ladies and gentlemen. Now they have a car chase going on. It's around north, west, second up to 44th street. It says. Right. It's not like traffic. That's another good part of town too, right? Okay, 10 minutes after right here at his ladies and gentlemen. Here's the moment we've promised. I promised, okay. And in spite of all your skepticism, that wonderful, lovely loyal listeners. Now what we're into on Zeta loyal listeners is going to get her way. She, of course, Peter is very happy that we're appealing to loyal listeners. He's not going to be so happy that we're playing obscure music. But so what else is new on Zeta, right?