Channel temporary health while your secretary goes on her summer vacation then call us I'll be girl temporary superfifix hello every all the girl has been personally drilled by Colonel North himself And his holy-drained in typing violin and shredding and they'll work part-time so you won't do die So I need a girl We'll stop some top secret documents down her boss Listen she should be very loyal and a hot-looking bimbo Remember next time you need a real professional who cover your phone as well as your butt Get yourself an ugly girl part-time help with full time and unity Okay, 10 o'clock at W.I. and see and all those people in the audience who are upset Because we're not caring the hearings today and we got a lot of calls They're all too dull he says what the all that's the fun way to go with a real dull one That's the way the audience wants us to go with dull razor blades sharp ones You know immediately no pain no problem but when they're dull that's where the pain comes in There is so much potential in this area and the people in this state the majority of them are so goddamn dumb that it's it's unbelievable It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. It's debasing. It's degrading And as far as you know anybody who would suggest you that I'm insulting the audience We've only got about 9% of the audience which means 91% of the people who live here who listen to the radio Don't even listen to this show So they're about 9% of us who've got our heads on straight and the other 91% are a bunch of morons Well, let's round it off. Let's make it 90 And I keep hearing all of this see what they love to do in this town is rationalize Like if it weren't for the Cubans Miami would be nothing that's that's a line that really sticks in my crawl or stick somewhere That is the biggest bunch of hogwash and again you're supposed to lie you're not supposed to say the truth because then you're Cuban bashing You're anti-cubin you're a hate-monger you're this you're that whatever And as I've told you 50 million times I don't deal with people as members of groups ideal with them as individuals Because in every group there are the good the bad and the ugly to quote Hugo Montenegro and Colonel North, okay? The good the bad and the ugly I Wander which of those Colonel North is but we know one of those for sure the last one Wouldn't you think with all that money that they were siphoning off you least could have done something with his teeth? Get a good dentist. Call Dr. Rosa will you please? We got a good dentist in Hallendale for y'all Miami at this point is like Calcutta It's like a hog pod of I hate to say it because you know people then start with all that all that typical pseudo intellectual crap about I'm Zina Fobic and I'm this and I'm that and about all the other cities are melting pods melting pot is one thing But just the city of foreign intrigue and crime is another thing and that's basically what Miami is And no question about it. Base side is loaded with cars and loaded with people and even though they're belly aching because they're over charging everybody And some of the stores to try to make up for those humongous rents Grated if you want to see some action in the city of Miami that's one place I will confess major. I'm sure is listening no question every time we've gone by their loaded with cars But how about the rest of you see when you talk about Miami? You're not just talking about the city of Miami. I know many of us who live in places like Coral Springs in plantation and sunrise and there were ever we like to kind of in our own minds Isolate ourselves from Miami because we assume that Miami is not for me Miami is alien no speaking to English It's a totally foreign country which is why people are not gonna go there to see basket ball games in over town People are not gonna go there from Broward and from Palm Beach to go to Bayside They're not even going to the Galleria and Broward County. We can talk about that again all those liars who called in two days ago And wasted all the stands gas money. They wasted his gas allowance for the whole week He's gonna be staying at home all weekend because you people wasted his budget gas for the whole week Shlumping to the Galleria to see absolutely nothing and nobody Oh, but it's a Thursday. You know it's the middle of July and there's nobody here Whoever heard a such a thing in the middle of the winter in the dead of winter in the middle of December or January You could go to Chicago or Detroit two of the schmutziest northern cities. I can think of And no matter where you go it'd be loaded with people at least unless they're snowed in that day and Nobody would say all while it's not the summer season. It's you know the dead of winter and the weather It's 20 below zero. There's nobody here. Nobody ever heard from such crap But here are the minute that the Easter bunny crawls back into the hole does Easter bunny live in a hole Or is he related that pig from West Virginia? Oh, he lives in a hutch That's cute But wherever he crawls into that's it Audio Sarivadirch until Thanksgiving may be Christmas Maybe a little after Sukas who knows when it's gonna be when they start coming back And how many of you can name me another American city where a sizable percentage of the population and I'm talking about Warm climate cities. Do you think that a big chunk of the population in San Diego gets up and leaves in the summertime? No or Houston I mean you could fry eggs on the sidewalk in Houston or Phoenix Major can tell you about 120 in the shade in the summertime Do you think that in cities like that in a summertime a big chunk of the population just disappears? We've got it all. We've got snow birds. We've got early birds And Seize our audio and Sergio Pereira the man of many faces and many suits Very upset and I want to correct something by the way I said the other yesterday. I think that Sergio Pereira was the number one asshole in Dave County Now that's going a little bit far. He's up there in the top five But number one Giving him a little bit too much credit. I think I got carried away Because he was already making all of these comments and holding you know this meeting He hadn't even read the article of the only reason I'm talking about it is because well everybody else has gotten opinion about it Nobody's ready article except the people in the newsrooms At those stations in town fortunate enough to have it We do have a copy of the weekly reader by the way our lean left at last night Also a little bit later on I Asked the question yesterday. We never got one response to it about Delta. Would you fly Delta if you're going on vacation this summer? They had another episode night before last another one Yeah, I think what I would do is fly them to Boston. They seem to be having real good luck in Boston and LA My only experience on Delta was the first leg when I went to Hawaii a few years ago The first leg from here to Denver and Then supposedly to LA Supposedly but didn't quite work out that way because I wound up being on two planes on the ground in Denver Delta Sitting an hour and a half on each one with malfunctions technical malfunctions finally We were up flown to Long Beach This is a true story Long Beach it took an hour to get my luggage Bust to LA put up in a hotel overnight and then flew Eastern to Hawaii, which was great You know for all the racking people do on Eastern it's like they've got a death wish I mean that would be like the people in Rochester racking on code act Which they don't do they're not stupid but here of course the people are stupid So they rag all the time on Eastern I've been flying Eastern for I don't know how many years I never have any big problem Oh sure there are times when a flight takes off a half hour later whatever it is But generally speaking I don't have any major problems I think most of their problems are between labor and management That's where 99% of the problems are but at least they land on the right runway You know if they say they're gonna land in Alabama at least it's the right state. You know without them I'd even be the right country But because Eastern is such an important part component of our economy here It's a very popular to rag on Easter See if you just talking general about how the town has sedegenerated then you're a bad guy But it's okay to specifically pick out you know major industries and rip into shreds. That's okay and Encourage people to fly other airlines. You know good airlines like People's express You know those airlines where they have like a little door You know what I'm talking about like not even a gate there's like you go downstairs and there's a little door and you really never I've always wondered where those people lined up Like is there really a runway out there somewhere is there really an aircraft or are they just is that just for show So other people will think that there really is an airline It's like at the Rochester airport. It's one of the only places in the world you get off the plane and the hey There's the stairs and you walk down the stairs. Oh Come on. I mean this is 1987 whoever heard of walking down You know and the steps on airplanes are really fragile You know and they have those rinky tank Handrails that every time you hold them you know you feel that they're gonna fall apart. I wonder if Delta has those No, it's serious. I mean that's what a Mickey Mouse airport that is up at Rochester You get off the plane and you get out and you go down the steps and you're on the ground you kiss the ground You kiss the folks ring and there you are Unbelievable okay 1035 at Wynsey I'm gonna get back to a monkey buyer and some of the other brain dead folks that we want to talk about and then little later on I want to you know do a couple of hours on Delta And then we'll see how things go and maybe we'll take some calls maybe not Maybe we'll leave all the callers for Stan Especially stands callers now yesterday and the early part of the show I just want to warn you up front some of Stan's callers must have gotten up early Yesterday I could say on the wrong side of bed, but with them it does make any difference which side And a rain came a little bit early as well so I just want to caution you if there any of those major Miss fits please Stan starts it to a clock Now is the top there are over 6,000 21 before 11 at Wynsey and if anybody has seen Harvey Rubens dog we certainly Encourage you to call Okay This town is just so incredible that I could write volumes about it Nobody would believe it So I applaud The Cheryl guy who over the hell he is you know, so he lives in Tallahassee who cares what does that mean and some of the statistics they say are old of course We don't have any crime now. We don't have violent crime Not by regular criminals most of the crime not my amiscomited by the police You know when you're really cameraid on who it's almost humorous almost hilarious To stop and think about the reaction about this it's kind of like the Catholic church You can't criticize us You can't say that In other words the first amendment exists only so far as it comes to Certain things but when when there are other things when the sacred cows are involved then you can't speak you cannot criticize South Florida and you certainly can't criticize the Catholic church or the pope Very very few other institutions course you also can't criticize the president if you live in South Florida Because then you're communist you're unpatriotic, etc And that of course is another part of the wonderful flavor the international flavor of Miami Is this right wing and I understand the article deals with this this right wing this rabid insane I'm not just talking about political leanings. I mean there are places where there are a lot of liberals who live or whatever We're not just talking about liberal or conservative. We're talking about people who are in a frenzy People who are obsessed with their rabid blind anti-communist mentality who know nothing else I mean you're entitled you know to feel however you want but when that's that all consuming and You're obsessed with it then we got problems And so we're not supposed to think about the Dolores pre-to incident or about all of these silly Resolutions they keep putting on the ballot. We don't allow communist country members to come in and of course The Joe Corroyo who didn't want to have the sister cities convention here and on and on and on and on it goes and all of this Posturing in the last 48 hours of so since they learned about this article and they had the emergency meeting Yesterday or Thursday morning whatever day it was all of this posturing reminds me exactly a Bruce singer in all those blue skyers on the Miami Beach It's the same thing They think that by continuing to its screen loudly and of course not nobody's got any answers They're not going to change anything they scream a lot and now of course They're going to write a letter to the editor of the New York Times. That's heavy Man, they're not going to take this sitting down. They're going to write a letter to the editor of the New York Times. How do you like that? And all of these mavens on the beach include and I like Bruce. He's you know he never stole a freight train He's kind of like a slub but he's not a bad guy But he's full of it the beach looks like hell on wheels and I said that a few minutes ago I'll be happy to say it again. It's deadly Oh, yeah, we got the Ovo surprised the Ovo is gone club Z is gone the comedy will miss gone And the reason things disappear there's one reason why things disappear and that's because they don't make it and why don't they make it? Because everything over there is a flash Oh, we got all these young people and I applaud Bob Blum. Now Bob Blum is not a shrub like Bruce singer Bob is legitimately a Good business man and has you know some real good ideas and he's got some guts which is very rare and singers got some guts no brains, but guts And you can you can just document all of this if you want to get in your car and you want to drive around and look at it Or if you just want to stop and take the newspapers from the last couple of years look at the spring break thing in the Fort Lauderdale It's like systematically we have a bunch of morons who are doing everything in their power to make reality what all these articles are saying So what's everybody upset about they should be applauding they should be delighted because everything that they're working so Feetwishly to make happen is Happening I mean if you think Calcutta's a world class city then I agree were a world class city no question about it We have world class crime world class criminals world class mafia you name it we got it And as far as people comparing it to New York what what is the comparison? I have to laugh when I hear that kind of crap. I heard somebody this morning talking about that Oh well New York you know the New York times what business have they got New York is so full of crime and of course But this is supposed to be a tropical paradise And I challenge you I challenge you To go to Honolulu and to go to Waikiki Beach to go to a real tourist area to go to Vegas you don't have to go all the way to Honolulu You don't have to sit in dead Veranda Delta for three hours waiting until they're ready Even when you are Just go on to Vegas and see the difference I'm not just talking about the routeness and away people are treated I'm talking about the fact that people are doing business things are going on there's excitement Remember that family bill and the legislature What happened to that governor martina governor Dracula feet out the bill That's the kind of state we're in and oh yeah sometime between January and April Oh next year or the year after you're gonna get the lottery sometime somewhere somewhere down the road I wouldn't be too surprised I mean it's only the middle of July between now and then they could screw it up good By the way, did you see one of the people who offered his name who wanted to pick and Considered to be the director of the state lottery Did you see one of the people who wanted to be director was Ralph Rannick and Who was one of the outspoken people against the lottery and casino gambling Ralph Rannick? You know what that would be like that would be like if they passed casino gambling next year and Did capen of the Miami-Herald then wanted to be the state director of of gambling That's what that's like oh Yeah, they have a logo for the lottery Yeah, it's a little picture of Dracula sucking tax money out of the next of taxpayers He's biting somebody's neck and pennies are falling out And we can sit here and you know it's very depressing to me because I know a lot of the people in this audience voted for casino gambling It's a dead issue. I don't really want to get into it, but I bring it up only for the fact that it's not that the answers aren't there for the problems of this community And you know all those people who say well, this is a residential town this is it's not like it was years ago This isn't the tourist town anymore whoever heard a such a thing With the tropical climate and all these beaches what are we supposed to say well like they didn't the Eden rock that 84-year-old guy a few years ago put up a sign tourist go home I mean we've got all the attributes for it and everybody wants to come here because they're freezing their Tushies off of North for six Seven months out of the year, but hey, yeah, we don't need that anymore. We're becoming a World-class city see went and doubt when your desperate use one of those cliches world-class city. We're it We have world-class morons here and most of them hold public office But you see cities like New York and Los Angeles and Chicago and San Francisco Philadelphia Their tourist cities they do tremendous tourist business But they also are cities where there are other businesses that are going on there's manufacturing There's a lot of industry there are all kinds of things going on Of course we could talk about the movie industry out in Los Angeles and we kept hearing the movie industry was gonna be big here Until the governor helped to chase them away rarely a day goes by that we don't have another story About how the booming film industry in San Florida is right on the ropes in jeopardy because of the new tax You see one of the things in this state that amazes me is that anything like natural That you just inherit the people here can find a way to screw it up. I mean if it's just there and you can go out and take it They'll still find a way to screw it up As opposed to being able to exploit it and you know Profit by it so tomorrow morning when you get up one of the first orders of business those of you who don't you know Don't have the 50 bucks for the newspaper to subscribe every week go out to your new stand. I mean there are at least three of them in South Florida Or to one of those coin boxes and pick up the Sunday times What is that not even coin boxes on Sunday? Are you sure like I said forget about the coin box? Are you positive about that? Boy that's depressing While in that case you'll have to drive around for a couple of hours. It'll be a good excuse to take the South Florida tour that I'm always encouraging you to take There's not enough space for all the coins. That's true and you have to put in $30 worth of coins. It's kind of difficult But you'll find a new stand somewhere and you'll be able to pick it up And then you can read all of this terrible propaganda You know from the people who have actually read the article most of them say you know even though they're like the picture That's a phony picture and so on. You can nitpick with any article I mean we can't all be perfect like traffic magazine articles are You know we can't be fair and accurate And by the way if the what's that guy's name Gene wine garden that Moron who's the editor of traffic magazine is he still there? I still have my hair, okay? I mean there may not be a lot of it there, but I still have some hair I know that comes as a shock to you. We can't all have as much hair as mr. Capon The bold atheist homosexual joe douchebag tacos We can't all be you know fair like traffic magazine Nobody's perfect except the Harold But as I started to say most of the people are really read it's a hey, you know basically it's not a bad article and it's Pretty fair and it does show a lot of the positives and it talks about the new basketball team and base You know the guy tries to balance it out, but don't confuse the city the powers that peep me with that They don't want to hear from that all I know is that somebody has said some bad things about us and right away They're Miami bashing what they're doing is they're telling the truth about an area that's turning into a toilet And I've been telling you that for the last seven years and as for this miraculous recovery and this great turnaround And all this other stuff that they keep talking about the last 48 hours I don't know what they're talking about is it the metro rail the people mover The basketball arena And then all these all these little brats all these spoiled sports now all upset because they can't all sit on the 50 art line in the new stadium The new stadiums the most beautiful damn thing that's ever been in this town When you go up to Carter this afternoon to punch your brains out go up there on the fourth floor in the clubhouse and go outside on the roof garden and take a look You can almost spit at the stadium and of course some of the season ticket orders would like to do that No, I mean this is a place where you can no matter where you sit you can actually see the game and of course We've got a lot of phonies here. They don't really want to see the game They just want to be able to tell all their friends and all the people in the office. Oh, I got seats on a 45 yard line Even though of course it's behind a pole in the orange bowl. I can't see anything So I'm very you know when there's something good that happens here I'm delighted like the new stadium. I think as much as Joe Robby maybe a douchebag I'll say this there are damn few other people Especially with all the adversity and all the crappy stake in from the politicians and all the heat He said it take there are a few people who would still be here with that team There are dozens cities that would love to have done Schuil and the dolphins right now tomorrow before suckers And how long will it be how many games will they play before some people find excuses is to why it's no good That's the thing that I've never been able to figure out when something is garbage when a real lemon comes along like the metro rail Everybody comes along hey, this is the greatest thing since they invented moths You know, it's fantastic. It's great. I mean you had to be a moron when they started when they started making the first pillars for the metro rail We used to go out and watch them crack every night They used to be the big exciting thing to do sometimes they go out and they watch it make bread Here we'd go out and watch the the pillars cracking on the metro rail and sure enough They had a rapport most of those pillars and redo them And I never forget the night that we did the show a couple of years ago and we had the guy who was the the headhonshow the supervisor The whole construction project he said he wouldn't ride it no matter how much they paid him But everybody in a media loved the metro rail. It couldn't get enough of it being a chill in this time And that's the number one thing being a chill covering up all the inadequacies all the problems and just pretending everything's marvelous But having the balls to really point out and identify the tremendous Insanity that goes on here if it weren't so pathetic it would be funny like the thing would spring break All of those idiots who say listen we don't want all those kids send them away that it everything in their power to get rid of them Now they've gotten rid of them and just as I said I said it right on the air I said what are they gonna replace it with just like the people who were anti-Cocino gambling and I kept saying okay Give me an alternative what else are we gonna do to compete with Orlando with all these with the Bahamas? What do we do nobody had any answers? Well, we had a little fishing boats with Howard Kaufman remember the little fishing boats and we had the night beach bathing Jaws five with Howard Kaufman talk about an idiot and maybe we can make some little mini buses And we can take people on junk kids from a south beach up and they can see the picture on this side of the fountain blue building and And then we can turn around to go the other way on Indian Creek Drive and take them back and they can sit on the They can sit on the steps and they can rock back and forth and they can wait to die And that's what's gonna be in for Lauderdale pretty soon. You know all those all those little motels On the strip there on the side streets where generally there are a lot of young people five to ten years man That's gonna be just like the beach you're gonna start seeing all springing off ballies retirement homes So we can make for Lauderdale into a gigantic nursing home then wait to you see the line at Sadie's buffet Oh boy all the way from all the way from A1A to Sadie's buffet You know what we used to have spring break here you couldn't drive on A1A because there were all those crowds of young people Now you won't be able to drive because there'd be crowds of old people There will be out there with their walkers and it'd be great. It'll be terrific now they can Jay walk across university drive 1055 at WI and Z we do have another break to do so let's do it. It's the first time ever and it's making Hyundai history at Gulf you know where was Ali North when we needed it right? Where was Ali North in 1959 in 1960 when we needed them so we could have convinced all of those Cubans to stay there They could have become contruse freedom fighters in a wrong country stay there and fought the communist this Instead of invading and turning this into a foreign country and there are a lot of wonderful Cuban people out there There's the disclaimer that we always have to give you know less I'd be chastised for generalizing and I've you know I've always said that but The idea the Cubans made Miami is is a lie Because the influx of all of these boat people has prevented this from being the kind of great city that it could be great American city that it could be and I underline American because Miami by any Barometer by any stretch of anyone's imagination is not an American city. It's a foreign country. It's a banana republic I mean when they took the city seal and they put chicita's picture on it. I mean that that should have given you an idea right there Jim Loneys here with local and area news headlines next the world news from CBS upcoming at the top of the hour And then we'll come back with our number two at 11.005 11.06 somewhere around in there You know a little bit after the top of the hour and stand major and is a communist frogs will be along from two to six this afternoon Really bad the sounds of a world-class city ladies and gentlemen Medley Sweet water 11.06 a W.Y. and Z were back for our number two and there's one other aspect of this whole thing because everybody once the New York Times Then comes out tomorrow everybody's gonna be talking about it So it's good that Fred Shots is gonna be here on Monday because we won't talk about it Then Tuesday when they're all done talking about it Then we'll talk about it or not as the case may be did I say anything about anybody calling this show I didn't ask anybody to call see the one thing I've discovered in 11.5 long long long years And I say this almost every day, but it's a constant reminder is that when you want people to call because they're anti-social to begin with When you want them to call it's always there's always that tooth pulling kind of thing you gotta go through When you don't want them to call man to phone lights up like a Hanukkah bush constantly look at that all seven lines go in nuts What did I do I say hey now it would be good to all I know what it is The tea lady on the on the card gives the numbers out. I've never been able to figure out why they do that on the cards Like in the intro to the show on all these talk shows they give the phone numbers out I can give you the phone numbers. They're very simple. They're only two of them first of all And they're very easy to remember and there's no problem Oh the Broward calls are probably for the plant guy on iod Or Jim Mandage one of the other I think what they ought to do one deal over there. I think would be fun for them to do sports talk 24 hours one day just for the fun of it wouldn't that be great They could talk about even the Miami tropics Come on Joe Joe's a gackie has let the tropics down. I think that when Joe is on again You ought to talk about the Miami tropics on a because you've let them down. Nobody knows about them I must confess that I was embarrassed because I sat there and I'm reading the head and his paper And I felt like I was in a different town. I said there's no such team is the tropics Did anybody ever hear of them so in the article was going on about the fact that the only drew 300 and some on people wouldn't it be probably nice If somebody knew that they existed Not that the United basketball league is probably gonna make it anywhere that anybody really cares, but wouldn't it be interesting If somebody knew that they existed that would probably be a good start I also see I'm a little bit nervous for Ron Fraser by the way I'm a little nervous for Ron Because on the front page I think it's on a front page of today's here, olden See one nice thing one of the perks about working here is you can get the Harold for free and since I don't get it at home It's for yeah, it's a bottom right hand corner big picture Castro greets you S all stars and here's a picture of fidel I don't know who this one kid is who's got his hand up in here, but fidel is pointing at him Now There are a lot of things that I can assume I'm not really sure about fidel You know, he never be too sure about a crazy Cuban To the chairs of 30,000 spectators Castro left his seat Walked into the American dugout and shook hands with US coach Ron Fraser and the other Americans spoke with the players for about five minutes And I like Ron a lot he's one of the real He's a breath of fresh air if you're putting that expression in another wise depressing town But when Ron comes back He may have a little bit of problems next season over at Marclide Stadium because now that He has shaken hands with fidel Castro and the minds of some he may be tarnished Yeah, fidel wants a contract with the Yankees and a kid knows George Steinbrinner Who is probably one of the most Objects you know, but human beings on the face of the earth George Steinbrinner And I say that with no reservation whatsoever, but getting back to this whole Diet tribe that you know, it's it's compulsory everybody must go through this because we you know The powers that be discovered ahead of time that this article was coming out just like the time magazine article back 67 years ago Paradise lost the article was absolutely truthful It was a very in fact if anything it was an understatement It was a very accurate reflection of what a toilet this town had been turned into by the marial boat lift And the Jimmy Carter ever come back in a apologize no Instead of writing his memoirs what he should have done was come down here moved into a little Havana or moved into South Beach Could have brought his brother along. He wouldn't have had to wash the buildings anymore. Chris Billy is off all of that now. He's clean now He's still occasionally tinkles outdoors, but he's not drinking you know one step at a time Every time this happens we get the same reaction and I get the same reaction and I know some of you are just waiting Dying to ask the question so I'm gonna be too to the punch Because they ask me this every time you know and they ask everybody this question if you don't like it here. Why don't you get out? I didn't say it didn't like it here if I didn't like it here. I'm sure there are plenty of other places I could get a good job make plenty of money And actually talk to living and breathing people who are anxious to talk to you who are not anti-social But I do like the weather. I don't like freezing my Tushi off for eight months out of the year And when I went to Rochester a couple of weeks ago in the middle of the summertime and it was cold and bitter and rainy and windy and nasty I said wait a minute When does the good stuff come when is the summertime and then I remembered it's about three days in late July and early August and that's it But when you live somewhere And you care see if it's only for me if it's only selfishly Doesn't make a lot of difference to me because whether we have casino gambling or not and I was accused of having all kinds of interest That was being paid off and I was gonna be the casino commissioner me and the capen I guess Would it be the because the all of this crap? I have no vested interest in it But wouldn't it be nice instead of people every weekend go to the Bahamas to all those fakers down there that stand Exposes very accurately every day or having to fly all the way to Vegas, which is so so far away Or God forbid go to Atlantic city, which is an absolute toilet wouldn't it be nice to be able to right here in our own community have some action Have some fun and bring back the big name that entertainment see the idea of bringing back the old days is people You know reopening old restaurants with the same name with garbage. I don't want to mention a particular restaurant in Dania That is you know looks very closed and dark to me, but that's people's idea. They're gonna bring back the past You can't bring back the past the past is over with finished I'll read the theirche But you can certainly start over again. You can say hey listen, we've got an opportunity to really do things here like they do it or land though I mean Orlando is one of the one of the slimyest little towns you could ever imagine it's a it's a Filthy slimy disgusting place with a bunch of Yahoo rednecks So what does that say about us I mean if they've been able to do what they do they've got that beautiful new airport And they're building Disney is building that big movie complex and they just keep expanding and expanding and doing all these incredible things While we sit here getting PO because people are writing bad things about us So we're gonna write a letter to the editor of the New York Times Take this And of course once we write the letter once they put it in the mailbox. That'll make everything improve right And all of a sudden the cops will all be honest and Appalitions will stop buying stolen suits and Everything will be great and people will come back to the gallery and the kids will come back to a one a and everything will be wonderful again Like it used to be see when you've lived here for any period of time and you've seen the rapid decline You know some of the Johnny come late leaves will be near a couple of years and all of a sudden their instant mavens on what this area is as I said before You have no perspective to judge by If you go right now to New York City for the first time in your life I guarantee you unless you're unless you're a dodo bird you're gonna think boy This is an incredible and exciting. This is man. This is phenomenal And yes, it still isn't exciting sitting there a lot of things to do there, but it's a toilet compared to what it was 20 years ago This is urban blight urban decay rot Crotch rot that's what's happening in a big cities around the country Crotch rot The better sent him that under gear under garment catalog But when you have an area that's got all the natural beauty and all of the natural attributes like we do and when the federal government spends Millions and millions of dollars to rebuild the beach that washed away and it give you a beach that looks like the Sahara desert And you still Can't do the right things. I beg you. I'd be seat you if there's anybody who doubts what I have to say because a lot of people in this town They live like in they live in fantasy land. They live in Kendall or they live like I do in plantation And that's that's basically where it's at you know, they just stay with an A relatively small radius wherever they are once in a great while or drive down to Bayside or whatever and that's it So they don't know what they're all I'm talking about But take the trip I beg you And you can do it on the weekend if you like but the best time to do it during the week like on a Tuesday On a Tuesday as Bruce Williams would say take the trip go down to South Beach to where that big They were bankrupt for a while now they're back in business maybe next we who knows what the story is with that What is that south point towers or something and start right there and go north on Collins Avenue And look at the Loser and the Atlantic towers and the Versailles and just Just scream And that already is getting up into the forties now. You know when you start way down in the end you have to go through all the south beach The go all the way up and look at the denies where wolfies used to be on Lincoln Road Mall And look at where the wolfies on 21st street is now and look inside and see the three derelict sitting inside the couple of drunks Slumped over and The waitress is pulling their Pulling off their aprons running out and resigning in the middle of the afternoon Screaming and yelling bloody murder and Dread and then drive up of course through the concrete canyon where it all looks very wonderful there for about what ten blocks ten fifteen blocks until the road turns again and Then you're in for a real treat And you can go all the way On a one a with the exception of ball harbour Which of course, you know most of us can't afford to live in ball harbour We can't afford to shop there because you even have to pay to park to go shopping there But when the exception of a couple isolated areas you go all the way up there to Gault ocean mile went bankrupt right how far do you go before you finally see I guess to bokeh right all the way to bokeh And when you get to north Miami Beach that's why I'd like you to take special interest where the castaways used to be there's a big fence there now Big wall here we keep building walls, you know What was all of this crap about the Berlin wall they were screaming about a couple of weeks ago We got walls in for a lot of dayo. We now have a wall in hell and dayo to keep these Scenial people from going out and doing kamikaze routines in the middle of the street We build a lot of walls because we're trying to hide the shame of what we've become So don't give me that if you don't like it here. Why don't you leave? I like it. It's okay the weather's great I like called a racetrack Got a good job I got some friends here. That's fun. I have a beautiful house But boy this area is so far short of what it ought to be and the fact that our community leaders in their infinite wisdom Would rather rely to the public and lie to themselves instead of saying hey boy we got a long way to go We ought to do something That's that's answers the problem right there that explains why we've come this far And the other thing and I'll just mention it briefly. I mentioned before about delta I'm not gonna be going on vacation again for another five months till about Christmas time So I'm not you know Delta doesn't need me and I probably wouldn't fly them anyway I wouldn't fly Delta if they paid me To fly in in other words if they paid me the airfare to go on their airline And when you watch the representatives of Delta getting on the news the last few days and saying you know shaking their heads Well human air human air. There's no other answer for it I don't know about you. I'm not that crazy about flying to begin with. I'm not all it It doesn't bother me as much as it used to but I'm always a little edgy because I know that my life isn't somebody else's hands It's like letting somebody else drive. I don't like that. I like to drive myself I'm not too comfortable being a passenger in somebody else's car because I like to have my own destiny in my hands In the idea that Somebody with an IQ of over three there are people still getting on those Delta jets every day What do they have to do they have to have a couple of them collide head on Before some even that wouldn't do it. What it it's still get on there Okay, let me give the numbers out because invariably, you know, we get to that time when it's time to take our lives into our hands Is I just say okay 25 past a left Would that be good hey we get if I could promote that? Not in a weekend though. We can do that in a weekday show What I was gonna do is light my head with this butane fuel That somebody sent with this beautiful lighter and then just you know flip the lighters. See what happens Okay, let's go to your calls now. They're just lit up like a Hanukkah bush and I can I told you at the beginning of the show today Don't expect much tonight. Tell you that so don't get your hopes up my amy beach hello I'm calling into agree with everything you're saying and to tell you that I'm gonna be your first one at the box to buy a copy The New York Times magazine tonight and see what my friends are reading about You know one thing that you that you've been saying that I really agree with and I want to emphasize is that The one mistake that's being made is they're trying to recreate the past If the past were so good to press and wouldn't it wouldn't be like it is? Well, you know, it's it doesn't really make any difference. I'm sure that there were things in the past that were great But you can't we capture the past one of the worst human exercises is living in the past and I know a lot of people like that And they fritter away their whole lives living in the past and once the past is gone and I've discovered this through You know the hard way but once it's gone man It's gone and you know you have to look to the present in the future and you can't bring Recapatures some wonderful nostalgic thing from the past Well, there tends to be there's a tendency down here towards superficiality and a fast book and I think that a lot of the hotels because not casinos and Resorts and restaurants and so on and so forth and even a lot of the service industry down here There was developed during that hey day was really a bit of a slim flam And that's why you're left with this decaying infrastructure down here But there's hardly anything left to build on it's as if those of us who are looking ahead that a future Have to really start all over again. Well, okay, but you say there's hardly anything left to build on It's not that many years ago that we still had it's you know I've only been here 11 and a half years and that when I first came here was still after the peak of the hey day But when I came here it wasn't so bad and there was still plenty of activity in the beach and spring break was at its peak and And the castaways in all those places were still there and there was a lot of activity and Biscayne Boulevard wasn't as bad as it is now. I mean, you know, there were hookers and everything but and basically what has happened is the same thing that happens in Vigiora bin cities you see this flight to the suburbs the only problem is here that we've got all suburbs and we have no Course city I talked about this few weeks ago. There is no hub. There are just unrelated little bedroom towns And this is where everybody's gone and they keep fleeing and running farther and farther because of the blight that existed in Miami and for a lot of day Well, it's like it's like any illness the illness started quite some time ago and what we're seeing now is the aftermath of devastation I mean, I still think that the profit motive is a big factor I mean there's so much done down here is done for a quick buck and it results in not looking for the long term needs of the community Yeah, well, there are a lot of bad business people here. Let's put it that way. I mean, I and I've said this ever since the first day I came here the way that people do business in this area Just astonish me. I mean, I told it very quick story the other day about going into two guys restaurant for lunch And I'm standing there and standing there and I'll be right with you and she's buzzed away on the phone and she and there's nobody in the place She finally sits me down and she throws and I mean literally throws in a very nasty way the menu On and stable and walks away with a peeled look on her face now. That's really a great way to invite somebody to come back I thought that was part of the attitude that was you know It was that hotly desirable attitude There'll be mean to you so you'll love me and feel it Yeah, the S&M attitude right oh Yeah, I assume you're talking about a restaurant that was once one of your Your sponsors not too long ago weren't they but a relatively famous restaurant tour? Yeah Sorry, I'll flip it a tongue-wicked I relatively infamous yeah Hey, you listen keep up the good work and and Keep keep the all these off the air We're doing our best okay, okay The oldies are with the old what's his name there offered waxy 29 past 11 at WINZ and open line in date 624 940 oh Oh North Miami hello Hello Mr Rogers. Yes, man good morning I only wanted to cue you in on the fact that for those people who cannot afford to buy this on daytime tomorrow every public library in South Miami South date South Broward and Palm Beach County carries the Sunday editions on Monday morning great They can see it for nothing good Thank you, sir. Okay, hey while that'll be great because here everybody wants something for nothing So I'm sure a lot of takers on that call spring, Silo Neil, oh yeah, okay good Um, you were talking about New York City about a couple minutes ago. Yeah, did you say catch ratter crotch rat crotch All right, thanks a lot. I like ed cut. I do two is a terrific man. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot Best Myers and used to like him too, but you know, he's trying to distance himself at this point 11 30 at WINZ We have an open line in Broward 524 9400 North Miami Beach, hello Yes, I just where do you think of people oh boy Closer I'm gonna park when they have a dog boy. What are you gonna stop? Okay? When are you gonna stop? Wait a minute wait a minute. Let's slow down. When are you gonna stop? I'm telling you the truth you we win. Are you gonna stop belly aching saw? What are you gonna stop? I'm telling you that the people from colder from the- Can I can I ask you a question? I could call there. Do you like anything? Yeah, I like to go to the race track on Sunday. We'd have to doff if he's parking in the park in space where I won't be able to park it Call to all right. You don't like your robby. You don't like done sure. You don't like I'm sure you don't like marino You just don't like the dolphins isn't that the bottom line? I don't like the organization I don't like the rip off that they're doing to the public with the prices and with the- Here the man here the man takes the responsibility after after he's been jerked around by the city for how many years takes the Responsibility of going out and financing his own stadium builds a state of the art magnificent stadium in a Po-Dong town that doesn't even support his team and you're still bitching. I'm saying that you people from the ball game We're gonna be parking at the call to racetracks for a lousy dollar and the people that go to call to like I do every Saturday And Sunny with your normal way right now or going not gonna be able to park a call to race I can there's gonna be some a lot of stuff was there and I don't know what the call to people can do about this situation It's gonna happen well park valley for crown-o-la-la-ga-do for lousy two bucks come on spring for a couple of bucks All right parking don't be parking is all eight parking where they care and no state there for a couple come back and get their car From valley parking is not gonna be a big scene out there When they have a big race and something when a Saturday or Sunday or what do you think that we think I'm gonna park even Valet I won't be able to park because all the people from the ball game will be parking in walking over to the stadium And if you don't think that's gonna be a problem then you don't know the thing come between it You just think about it you is all right. I got I got the solution to the problem, okay? W-I-O-D is the dolphin station. They're very does you know they have this in sesuous relationship with Joe Robbie? Okay, all I got to do is take the jetcopter on a weekend. They're not doing anything with it They can provide free transportation to and from the track 1132 I mean it's been a half a million dollars for they might as well do something constructive You know when clearance is you know back in the Everglades on a weekend We have a I mean that is Saul who just called a name is Saul he calls he's called me for years And you know the guy is just I don't know what to make a him because There's something about him that just is so emblematic of all of South Florida I mean yeah, there are a lot of things that I'm upset about and I spent an hour and 20 minutes telling you about him But I don't dislike everything. I mean if there's something positive that comes along that really legitimately is is a plus like the stadium Hey great all right, so they're gonna be some parking problems It's like the people who said well we don't like casino gambling. Where's everybody gonna park? Isn't that terrible that we should have so many tourists that we have to worry about building new parking garages Isn't that just the kind of problem that every tourist town would love to have? Because no we know that we have to have the Atlantic tower is no those other empty beautiful buildings All those ice-sourars. We need those there on Collins Avenue, right? You realize if they tore down about 10 of those buildings they could build enough parking spaces there for 20 casinos Papa no hello I New York I happened to agree with you. I was born and bred in Miami Beach I live in New York now. I still have a place down here and as you know I'm down here right now I happened to agree with you as far as Miami beaches concerned right now If I knocked too long ago I had a conference at the Omni Hotel The first word that was given on arrival at the Omni was if you're gonna go out drive do not leave the hotel by yourself. Yeah, don't leave on foot That's right and when you're in the car lock the doors that's correct those were the first words upon my arrival at the Omni hotel That and itself speaks for the whole situation as I said come from New York I agree with you what's happening in Miami is happening in all the big cities I do a tremendous amount of traveling Probably the only cities that I find on the east coast has done anything any degree is beautiful downtown Boston, which is trying to Bring itself back to life by chairing down and rebuilding other than that. No Nothing garbage. I happen to agree with you I think you come across very intellectually. I enjoy your program and you and when I come down here my radio is an automatically set on your program Okay, I appreciate it. I pleasure sir. Good hearing from you. I think I'm it's easy to say well We've become a big city so therefore we automatically should expect all the urban problems that any big city Experiences and that's garbage. That's crap It's been through the laxness of the powers that be in date, Broward and in Palm Beach County I mean if you could see West Palm Beach I worked there 12 years ago and I'm gonna tell you that was one of the best years of my life It was a great place. I don't know how mean it wasn't New York and it wasn't the Vegas with casinos and all kinds of excitement But it was a nice place to live and it was clean and it had great restaurants and a lot of activity A lot of people and great beaches That city looks like they had a war there and the media failed to report it. That's what it looks like I can't believe what that town looks like What now Carl is up there getting the razor blade chirping and get what now just more dummies Stan comes on it too. Don't you understand folks? Okay, we have an open line in each county in date 624 9400 in Broward 524 9400 will come back right after this Have you tried to get a good deal on a cattle accolately? Well, take a look at some of these ads. Well, here's one dealer who says he's number one. Yeah, here's On it on it on it on it on it. I mean there's no discussion of situations of events 22 minutes before noon at WI and Z let's go to plantation hello Hello, Neil. Yes, I nailed it's rich you from plantation. How are you? Okay? I just have to tell you something real funny My wife and my child right here was sitting in our backyard looking at how beautiful his up here, right? And I'm leaving this afternoon at 330 to go up to the sewage of New York for business And I'm on some flying Delta Airlines to make a me and nervous wreck out here You know Yeah, I don't want to make you nervous riching. Yeah, yeah Rest about I told you to go to P. August if I've been there. No, I'm been there yet. Oh, yeah, no I was I got to tell you to go up there Anyway, you want to go to a funny story go ahead. I I'm standing at here waiting for you know to talk to you for like 20 minutes and I have to take a walk from the chair and I'm standing by the pool And it's done just broke through the clouds. I put my face up to the sun and And all of my legs went out from under me. I fell on the water as I'm By sun to star I'm standing here on a portable for waiting to talk to you and I'm pulling in the pool That could be an almond riching what do you mean? Delta's ready when you are you mean I an omitted thing's not to come well listen you always wanted to visit New York anyway, right? Anyway, so what do you think the solution is to South Florida? I don't have any more solutions Well, you know, we already had the chance we had a chance you know with a snap of the finger to turn this town around You know, and I don't want to mention those dreaded words because it's a dead issue But we already had the chance and in our infinite ways then we said no way Jose We said really one unbelievable positive thing that this area has and That's that being the Miami dolphins, you know, they've been you know Since 1972 they've been a pretty good asset to the community no question about it and everybody wants to bitch you bottom and they don't support them And right now everybody's upset because they don't have the exact seats that they had in the in the biggest sewage kit Yeah, in the country as far as the stadium is concerned. Yeah My I go to a nice stadium and go like a like a like a man And they're all obsessed you notice like Saul who call a couple of calls back You know, he's just having an nervous breakdown about the parking already and there are people having nervous breakdowns about their season tickets everybody already is looking for all the negatives Right And what is that because we got a lot of negative people here, you know like I say something positive comes along and Oh, no, we don't want gambling here and a mob is gonna come in and it's where we put all the parking and the traffic will be bad We've got eight million reasons why we don't like the good things I'm right. We'll just do the thing. We love what's that? Great rule, you don't move a mighty in up here in plant hands sunrise right near where we live. Yeah You want to plant a shirt, right? Yes. I don't know if they told you but they are Installing flat machines and that hotel While they're wiring it for gambling. Let's put it. They're not installing slot machines. They're wiring Can you imagine all the people coming out of this the bagel host up there on university all those old But I'll get to see no at the robot in They'd be safe and they can write to the table absolutely well That my wife has to say hello to you. Okay. Oh, but I'm in town I'm converting her to a good good First of all, no, he's not converting me to a and but I have to ask you something. Yes, girl. Okay. I don't understand something Why is it? I'm expecting you to answer this now. Why are all these people listening to you? Why are all these people so turned on to you? What is your explanation for everybody? I know Wanting to hear you and your view on things and and I mean it's like first of all they're looking to it I don't want to say the word But get you like all of her north is a hero Which is a non-sure-diculous thing in the world right and they listen to people like you Oh, you have your viewpoint with this fire, but you're turning into it's like a cult a Neal Rogers cult can you explain this to me? Yes, you can't because 10% of the public wants the truth The other 10% wants the truth the other 90% the ones who loved all of her north like to be lied to So 10% of listen to me a 90% of love Colonel North what can I tell you? Why don't I need to pretend want to listen to you? What do you think you have to say that so I'm believeably different than The other normal people and Plantation or South Florida are the What? Lave You can speak English Have a nice day, Carol 17 till noon at W.I. and Zbo she was just to wrap up into a frenzy I bet you she bought richy the ticket on Delta I bet you anything Don't go richy. Don't do it. Telling you. I don't want to scare you But when they land at Nork Of course a lot of the flights to New York do go to Nork so if your flight is going to Nork you're probably landed Kennedy Okay, where we go and let's go to a candle hello hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey first time call it great You're definitely you do tell it like it is you bet even when it hurts What is most of the time? I don't know I don't understand what these people are bitching about I read that thing in the hairlt today. Yeah, Eris in between the 81 article and this article. Yeah, think of time Did Sometimes out you know, I mean they say we've gotten better. We're just a young city Yeah, just wait another 20 years anyway And wait until you see the crime we've got man, and it's really gonna be good So we have casino gambling again, right? And then we could get a vote it out again. Yeah, right? Hey, you should tell your buddy Saul Right you should tell him to take the issue up with Mr. Robbie They call him when you work at IOD they call him Mr. That's right. Hey, did you hear the other day on sports talk? They were talking about except for Rick Weaver who calls him God But they were talking about Reckweaver they called in an asked him about changing the helmet in the NFL. Yeah, right and he goes I don't think there's much to it. I don't like it and Mr. Robbie doesn't like oh, well, I'd say it happened Yeah, that says it all The man definitely a show they have a lot of credibility, don't they? All right a lot that's not that I Clarence is great. Yeah Clarence is good Actually Clarence is a bill McCway you do anything Do any afternoon so they put him up in the copter in drag Okay, well, listen have a wonderful life down here in Kendall. We'll see you in the oil. We'll see at the town in country mall. Yes What a great restaurant for you. Okay 276 276 all hammer the name of it is 276 really in the gables. That's in the gables French contemporary food very excellent really crottie. You know what they say in the gables don't you? What? Oh, yeah, all right, deal see you later. Bye This great international city this flavor man. We're else could you get this flavor? We've got Jamaican gangs We've got Haitian gangs. We've got Cuban gangs. We've got every kind of criminal. It's ever been invented We have contrast we've got banks. I mean, this is the center of mystery and in tree You notice how much of the whole Iran contrahering centered around this area This is like the focal point. This is the stopping off point for drugs and contraband of all kinds I mean you name it we got it It's incredible But we're in international city see the people in this town and morons and they really are the people in the chamber of commerce and the politicians I mean when you look up the word moron in the dictionary you'll probably see a picture of one of those people Like Seth Gordon he's another one of those real geniuses with the chamber of commerce Remember when the chamber of commerce took a little informal vote and they the majority of the membership Wanted to endorse casino gambling and the board of the greater Miami chambers said oh no No way Jose a style label right Because after all that's not the kind of community we want to live in We don't want business we want to be a little seasonal town so if you don't make it between thanks giving an Easter Tough luck you know what I'm saying you have to wait till sockets at least Boy that trip to the gallery are really that was like the last nail in the coffin for me I mean that what if I needed it that was the real reinforcement to me Speaking of death Hey the Metz are only nine out. What are you worried about there? They're playing okay Look who just look what the cat dragged in watch every line of the board go out. No, that's okay I'm not gonna talk what did what do you mean you're not gonna talk? I just came here to do Look for some information on my guest and naturally it's not here What do you mean it's not there? It says right on the board Philip or yeah, but it's supposed to be Federal expressed down here and it's nothing The press copy the press guide The literature need any information you don't need literature you just wing it an old pro like you You've been faking your way through for 12 13 years now. I understand listening on Monday. Yeah, I heard that that Look at that who I'm sure it's like I do well. I was gonna win my met hat, but I figured I'd look to childish if I walked in with it Oh, let's see the sensitivity is starting again. When are you how long have I been in this business? And I'm still saying whether you're gonna let that go I have to have a brain track a week from Monday We're gonna have the poll. We're gonna bring in a follower And we're gonna take a poll and find out who's the most sensitive broadcaster Employee to run and play what I mean call to be in there he'll be on the list bill is so sensitive And I can't understand why because he's gotten screwed so many times in the business by now You're thinking be getting used to it, but he's very sensitive and you're right up there And the day that last had her called in the press me boy you were on the phone within seconds with an a matter of moment Got news feeds the good old boy network from Penela's part he called me about three hours later Trying to explain to me why he sounded so depressed. I said you're gonna have to change I said you're gonna have to change your act Bob and he gave me Explitives deleted and then he called me at home that afternoon Did he really yeah 340 I don't know why I remember the time it's like certain things in your life You know like when Elvis died or whatever you remember the time and where you were 340 of that afternoon in the phone rings. I'm sitting there watching the hearings a mighty mild business And here it is and you'll never believe what he said to me He said I'm so depressed By the time I finished the conversation I went in I drank some boric acid my fault better was great Boy is he a depressing guy. I tell you I don't understand him and thing is it almost like he wants to spread the wealth So to speak here. Yeah, hi, boy Mary exactly this is the measure he loves company Right before you that misery loves company. That's why the summer you came in as a nice guy and a weekend On a day off to let me go to colder red noon It's a good card today. No, I have to go to the movies today I came in to see if this literature had arrived The talking about second harvest which is helpful for the homeless back on that stick again I don't know why you never give up. I never give up. You never know when you know to throw in the towel Now the liquid I mean following very good topic. They be talking about Africa and the ira ever show is I We're ever gonna have a white guest on that show or what? Seriously and the Haitian task force is gonna be marching on this station also I have to add that boy Stan ought to be monitoring Matt showed him our morning You'll have to get up early by the way. You talked about board-ups getting jobs in this business I got to fill in I got to tell you something our good friend over at the cat our good friend Howard Prima started his career as a weekend board-up Howard called me the other day. Did he really for some advice I'm serious what you call for I said it wouldn't be ethical I said it just I can't do it Howard He wants to go back to talk. I don't know what he want no he doesn't want that I don't remember I see wants advice but Howard was a board-up. He was my kid I'd get out of the business Howard that would have been my best advice. I mean Howard is He was I remember those days and I remember that he took over as an assistant news director for You know, but he does witchcraft He's got to all the stuff and you see Abra cadabre amazing. Yeah, yeah, the amazing Howard So what's doing what's doing? What's what? What's going on? Too much Bruce Williams. I have something here. By the way, there was a collar on Neil Meyer show Who had a great point at a great line on talking at oh, I'm sorry. Don't say that I mean you're desperate to save that one shift you got leftist relax Anyway, made a good point you know that it's illegal because now that tried to ban smoking on sugar on Error flights of two two hours or less which I think they should Okay, I'll light up an out start smoking two Dutch masters or once give me one But anyway In a very good point it's illegal to smoke cigar cigarettes or pipes in federal buildings Right and absolutely Federal law and point X there was there all week long. That's sure he's been breaking the law But of course that's nothing new to him But it's true he's been sitting there puffed away all week long I don't know what I mean Many of these you like I didn't know you smoked. Oh, I'll listen a lot of pressure Nistinguished Kyle has a has a smoke bus to up there a noise maker in the Control room and look at this beautiful butane layer there one of them My listeners sent me a neck ring Terrific Okay, so now we got spindle smoking cigars proving again that he's a clone, you know If I were in here Don't do it. I'll play you in for a hero. I thought you went to a San Diego to get the clone If I were sitting in here smoking a joint he would be lighting up you know, but we don't do that because first of all I don't smoke it and secondly, it's illegal and we at WI and Z do not break the law I have this cassette Although I've been said some of the people here couldn't get arrested back to the future and what I did is I pulled that part for the left of the father And I'm gonna try to what put it on to court to see if it matches you know who's left So maybe in the next hour I'll have this thing card it up if I could figure out how to do it I'm very Technologically ignorant which is probably why I'm a talk show host rather than a board up I understand boardoffs have a big big career in this business What are you looking for the last thing I can't find anything in this right now Okay, you've got another rack here. We have a rack for stand now. Oh, I thought that was for I or Everton All this now. Oh, I've got all the pictures and little girls on it that stands rack Okay, 74 noon at WI and Z if you're on hold just to hang in here with us You're not gonna go anywhere to do anything anyway, but you know we have to humor Mike He's become very insecure since there been a lot of changes in the market He starts calling all of these celebrities at the various stations You know that Sunday show means a lot to him and means little to the audience because they don't like talking Do them and they just basically don't like him, but he keeps coming back We can't do it. People love me. No, they don't they always tell them on the fun I love they show love you. They can't stand you. They think you're a nerd But they do listen in I mean I don't know why but they listen because they get some kind of perverse pleasure from it Well, they love when it gets to be about 10 after 11 and you start screaming now I'm nobody wants to talk about this. Okay, you people are right no more serious Only a time I ever seen my laugh Because he knows it's true, but it's not and he also takes a perverse enjoyment of that because he loves to hear He died do a there you hang out there. I didn't say it into a good job, but they don't like you But they don't like you would you admit it just for once in your life be honest. They don't like you I think that they they don't like me. They don't look how well I'm doing they hate my guts So then doing great. I got to start doing a lot I've tried to tell people holder that for years being loved is not where it's Adam is business. That's not where it's sad No, no, I don't be here. Bye Love or hate me, but the point is they listen yeah, that's the whole reason that what's his name is not working six days a week He said phrase on my beat him again on Sunday Who's that what's his name? Was he back on here? Okay six minutes till noon at WI and Z we're gonna come right back Have you ever heard a growing man cry? You know, so the meds lost to him. It's only a ball game. I mean, you know, it could be worse could be the Miami Tropics Tropics. Did you ever hear the tropics? Absolutely Okay, I'll play again. Wait a minute. If you're in the USBL If you're in the listening audience, you're part of history ladies and gentlemen. We have two people in the same building Kyle and Mike Spindell who had both heard of the Miami tropics Prior to today. That's you know, they have it's the United States basketball league and they play such great air They play long island Lot the long islanders and What are the other things? Yeah, if they play long island, that's it and they also play Orlando It's a it's a good brand to basketball a lot of those guys are getting ready to go to the pros Michael He was his princesses don't like basketball Princesses don't like bass I guess I think it about that one for sake But anyway you guys getting all upside because I told him Davy Johnson is a choke manager And the fact that they had the best team in league and the best team in baseball I asked you any still almost blew it as it turned out. I mean, it were lucky to win What about the previous two years? What about that he has the best managing record one more? Because he's inherited a lot of great talent but when push comes to shove man any given game Who is he can lose who is the best manager that you have ever seen in the years that you've been Mirtail okay, have you ever questioned the decision that meritores ever made? Of course But I didn't sit back and watch him day in and day out you're only upset because he pulled tail Murphy. That's all Exactly, that's true a lot of people would like to pull down Murphy, but that's a whole program in itself Did you hear what he just said? What a disgusting what a grotesque Even if it's true Okay Jim Lonnie's back with some of those exciting headlines world news from your alive Boy, that's frightening man. I live in Inveray I'm barely alive really when I go to publics and stuff. Why are walking you back When you went to New York did you get a chance to listen to how it's turned or drop in or anything? I didn't go to New York City. I went to upstate. You can't pick it up way up there. You can't pick it up there. No, it's 500 miles away Okay, what I did is I I visited up there about a year ago and I was uh because I visited Putnam Valley I'm from Mount Vernon and Coming back I listened to a show I was coming on a flight and you could hear him still at off y'all Yeah, and He was doing some really nasty stuff about asking his woman about what you wear as the bed Okay, we had a little Howard there just for nostalgia sake. It felt good. It's so good I want to get into things I got into the colder okay, we check a lot and You gave me a tip a long time ago. Okay, it's my fate to have the same information and so when all was an Information that's the worst word you could use was information. I don't get information Okay, okay, what you gave out to the public that was Leo Castelli Boy, did he kill me I did everything I could put it all on down and he killed me. He came well. That's that Jose Santos You know, he's just got a bad sense of humor I don't know if you want to talk about horse racing but he does you know the question. What do you think of your good The horse you good a what do I think about him? Yeah a couple of times I looked at him. He came in last and then he's been moving up and now he came in third the other day If they get coming up or something it's somebody from work they keep on mentioning him And I had him me off. I don't know I had the in fact he won the second race one day I won the double for me with Valez I think that was his first started Colder Or maybe it was it no, it was a colder But I haven't seen him run since and so I'm not I'm not touting anymore Okay, I'm another thing on that on the pick six. I never knew how to bet that how do you bet that? I don't know if it's uh I know it's from the third race to the eighth race What do you mean how do you what do you mean how do you bet it? Yeah, how do you bet I don't I don't I when I go to the races I just don't bet I'm not a gambler that much Well, I'm not going to go to nuts though and She was interested in the pick six and I couldn't answer the question. Okay. Okay. Well, let me answer the question for When you go into track on the walls You will see little Containers that have got cards in them for the pick six. Okay, okay, okay? They're all over on every floor and you take those cards however many you want and You have to pick a winner and eat you mark a winner in each race from the third through the eighth Okay, okay, oh No, it's in it's two bucks a ticket Okay, that's that's so that's what she wanted to know to make it easy for her because she thinks that she can do it But it's pretty hard to do picking all six Yeah, you know, I have tough time with a pick one Are you going tomorrow? Could be I'll see Okay, okay, I mean we stay because last time I heard I was there the day you would know Bill called the were running for the jockey club you mentioned at down the radio Oh, yeah, the day we're running into the jockey room. Yeah, yeah So I just haven't seen you yet been there after that and I just turned to get there I agree with you this morning also on Miami. I I can't believe that's going I used to live in Piranha in 63 and It is totally changed. I moved up here and It's moving up this way now that I got to move on to Bokin Where the hell are we gonna go from there after really Bokin Jacksonville No, I would never go there. It's too dead. Yeah, I would get out of state. Okay, I'll see you colder. All right, definitely take care You too. Bye Okay, now Spendel just came in and has handed me a card We have an open line in each county by the way the yacolors obviously are gonna fall off at this point in Dade County 624 9400 in Broward 524 9400 Everybody and his brother has got the aglenn hill cackle Has got another version of it. Okay, and here is the new one I'm not even gonna audition at first. I'm gonna take my life into my hands and trust Spendel Not bad, huh not too bad Okay, 1213 at Wions. You don't forget one of the days this week. I'm not sure which table we're gonna have the great wins cackle off and we're gonna take all of the cards In fact, maybe we ought to invite the listeners in the audience to do their own Glenhill cackle and put it on a cassette and We'll find some great prize to give away. You know like Stan Major or something Okay, we have an open line in Broward 524 9400 will go to Hollywood. Hello Hi, good. I glad to be able to speak with you now I Want to tell you I had out of state guests and the TV was on while we were chitchatting and the Cultural estate is sort of a disclaimer or something came on regarding that there would normally be an advertisement However the corporation cannot advertise in Florida because of this new text And we went into quite a discussion have you seen those? Yeah, yeah Isn't that embarrassing? Well, that's typical of the whole state That's why we do everything we love to drive people out You know, first we heard that you know Florida was gonna become second only to California in the movie industry and we were you know making cement roads and not right away the governor puts his tax on and affects All of the services and just about every aspect of the industry and And you know that we're gonna drive most of those people out Well here in Hollywood one of the major employers we have is the diplomat hotel because it fires so many and brought so many conventions then and We had Political figures and so forth ancient history. I know exactly and the cancelations Really cruel. We need these jobs. We need these visitors then earlier you spoke about Coming up the beach in Miami from 24th right on up past The century towers and all those and then back into the Poor rundown areas and then the beautiful site is bell harbor Okay bell harbor is a glorified gorgeous retirement village These people have worked and paid their dues and they're retired and they are not an active part Politically they will not solve problems there all the people yeah now Having said that I was so happy to hear some of the young people who has called you of course you had one A young woman who is rather in Maine But you've had some good comments and if you should be able to have a program sometime with a young productive people perhaps 25 to 55 years of age Where possibly you could ask What is it in their work area that they could you know wish to have and as far as their recreation time what would they like to have? You know new ideas come from the young And they wait a minute wait a minute. I understand what you're saying But when when the area is doing its damn best to drive all the young people out of here What difference does it make? No, no, let me give you two examples. It's not only the spring breaking for waterdale But here Barry Schreiber who I think is probably the number one jackass in Dave County a Barry Schreiber is trying to you know undo the fair housing ordinance in Dave County Which has been an effect for seven years or something like that now? What he wants to do is make exemption so that we can discriminate and we can take in date and do just what they do in Broward And have all of these adult retirement communities and you know turn it into another outdoor funeral parlor We do everything at our power to discourage young people from staying here and everything at our power to in you know in white New Dying people to come in here and turn it into a nursing home. I understand I agree However, I'm hoping that there will be a some young blood that will be politically motivated because We need a major issue that will be cohesive and bring them together with power and force well don't hold your breath Don't hold your breath. Okay now Very quickly moving right along the last good bit of publicity that I saw for this community Would you believe was approximately two years ago at Christmas time when they had the yacht parade on the intercoastial And Fort Loderdale and they taped it and a week later it was shown on national Television and it was so beautiful with a colored lights and these gorgeous yachts people We're in all of it and they say gee we must go down to Fort Loderdale and see some of these things and they feel they'd like to be part of it And that's such a small item We're doing things on the local level in a local way about sports, but if you were to say What is it the people go to New Orleans for they go for the marty grott and they go down the berp and street? I know you spend some time there What do they go to Chicago for? What do they go? You know we have to have one powerful major theme It's not gonna happen don't you understand because the people the powers that be in this community can't get together on what Underworthy going to wear that day much less on some kind of theme for the whole community It just isn't gonna happen. It's like the sports authority and all the other attempts for dating Broward to get together There is no cooperation here. It doesn't happen and I appreciate your positive attitude and your enthusiasm and your Blue sky that you convinced yourself up, but it just isn't gonna happen And that's why casino gambling while it wouldn't have been a panacea would certainly my god All the jobs that would have created for young people and all the tourists to what abroad in here and all the Activity and all the building and the renovation just the jobs in a construction would have been incredible All of people would have put to work And I realized you know I people think I'm obsessed with it and the reason I was obsessed with it is because it made so much sense You'd have to be a fool not to see it would be like you know people are lander saying to Walt Disney No, we don't want you here like the people and they'd county did a few years before We don't want you here you want to go to Vadio. We don't want to give you all of that Absolutely and we have to take a break we have to take a break but Mike Spindell is back I had to do that to him. I couldn't know we do it's 12 19 right didn't I right 19 on my log? Absolutely not a way to go to a restaurant and get a steal Canish I'm responsible for that to everything bad that you have in your life to complain about I'm responsible for I Hear all the time again. I once did a big Once it is stick on the fact that I am not responsible for what goes on the station But people who know that I work here and speak to me during the week. They all have a complaint Why is this one gone? Why is that one gone? I Somebody the other day want to know why Larry Kenp was gone. I got news for it Well, we couldn't even fit in the building I'm sure we couldn't get him in the door But no seriously people who listen to this radio station ought to be they ought to kiss the ground That we are as stable as we are as they say on the backstretched colder where a stable I mean, yeah, we've had changes but gradual changes But like these other stations when you got to keep you really have to keep a score card And I guess it's appropriate with IOD because they are the sports station Yeah, they're appropriate the audience ought to have a score card and keep a racing names in Prensling in nuance. Where they clone the Mount St. Helens of radio exactly there's always an eruption there That clock is ticking in there must have fixed it. No stand fixed it and it was two minutes slow Stan has he has gotten his finger into everything in this building Well, there's yeah boy, what a great line that is Everything except what he wanted to but now he's really had an influence on this talk studio There's no question about that. There really is I mean we have the do you hear that last time? I mean her intentions were good, but boy she living in a dream world or what the best thing was the rickata And it was that yeah, that's a little bit of a sued aspect of it But the thing that's bizarre is people of blaming the messenger See I like the message. I'm letting it go lights on the metrure. You know there's about three yards On the downtown three yards where there are fluorescent lights with the different colors and you notice that when they take photographs Like the chamber of commerce all these promotional things they photograph not the grungy part of the metrure with all A graffiti and with those weeds growing up or whatever they have on the side of the pillars and you know the and the little trains with nobody on them They always photograph the neon lights that are about three yards long in fact the Miami Highlight spot Which has been got to be three four years now that that's possibly running isn't it at least the one with the beautiful girls and the the Assaults upbeat to the yeah musical that sure this is the new Miami and I wonder what Miami? They're looking at man cuz it looks pretty interesting pretty exciting No, I am your is absolutely must be you know I have to say one thing I want Stan comes in here. There was an article in today's paper Saying that the ratings for Miami vise have gone up considerably locally and they're showing vintage vise for the from two years ago Where did he read that I just read that Miami vise last week wasn't in the top 25 and it's marked All right, but in today's Local newspaper the Fish wrap well don't believe anything they put in they's absolutely and I going back to what they call the vintage episodes the older episodes for the first and second season Which Stan was You're a good paper like the Harold you know why they got to put up with a communist rag like the New York Times Yeah, blaze all the propaganda Well, you know that the whole reason is because New York is not a beautiful place It's filthy it's 30 it's got Puerto Ricans there that's what I heard on the areas today The fact that that's and they are picking on Miami because they have problems in New York Not understanding I heard a national newspaper I heard it. Yeah, the New York Times of course the national edition goes all over the country And as I said yesterday we're still getting a response for so far from the air We put in the New York Times two months ago The Times far out distance any other publication that we put it at in it's just like the rap job that the LA times did on the Miami Harold when they exposed it for what it is a bunch of parents exactly so you know They don't like the message and then they start saying you know the folks get they don't like people bashing Miami And they were saying that you're one of the major perpetrators to that saying terrible things about it. No, it's just exposing the problem and these people who are being quoted in the paper Don't realize that the problem still exists in a percent very easy for greedy people to sit back and fill their pockets And the view of blivvy is to all the things that go on around them and I said and and they're opening out today Then make a big difference to me if we have casino gambling or if the hotels go out of business or they all become condos or Other than the fact that I would like to live and I think you probably wouldn't a community with that that's happening or a lot of activity And where we have you know all the big league sports and the theater and all kinds of things to do and living in breathing place What they talk about paranoid anti-communism coming two days after the Harold ran a story by Corolla who wants to support an amendment No communist can come down to South Florida. Oh, I guess maybe the good communist the one that Ali is talking to the Polish and of course the Chinese who are selling all kinds of Industry but we can have Nazis come down. That's true. That's true. And of course he'll be hired. I will come see bringing Kurt Waldheim I heard they're going on tour together The Pope tour I could just see yeah Marlon's going to the jack and play just came back from Europe and he said that he was in St. Peter Square and they were selling this is the truth They were selling popucals Unbelievable yeah the popsicles on a stick with a picture of the Pope's face and he's suck on it in St. Peter Square You suck on the a popsicle exactly unbelievable Well, listen, I have some part very I'm gonna check the front desk to see if my literature otherwise I'm gonna do a pole tomorrow on That positive negative positive negative positive impact But if I want to have a lastator as soon as I get off the ear and tell him you're ripping him off again Well call him first before he calls I don't want to get the price. Has a good day take great life Metz are bounce back believe me by this time in two weeks. There'll be only eight games out you watch Okay, there he goes Mr. Metz. He's a little bit depressed, but if you've been watching the Metz lately You can understand it candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Just wanted to comment on what you were talking about a year ago Yeah, let's let's I had a show two years ago that was incredible and I'm gonna take some calls on that in the next hour Wonderful listen When I left my amy the first time The thing to do is to go down to Collins Avenue and to walk four and five deep and sometimes have to step out onto the street The numbers of people around the castaways. Yeah, just like it is now sure Of course you have to climb over the fence first now. All right the wall the wall exactly You know it's a real paradox of city if you just think about what a paradox is think of all the people who came here by train and car and plane boats Yeah, when I came back from overseas I couldn't wait because I had to observe the customs and speak the language as overseas as many countries I was in To cut back to America to get down on the kids to ground to get back to my native home I'm you know, you know, there's a very Significant point that a lot of people miss when it comes to immigration and comes to this melting pod concept And that is that it has to happen simultaneously and in a early part of the century we had this big as you know You had this big flood of immigration and we had all of these people you know going to work in this wet shops and you know doing their thing and And over a period of generations those people become Americanized and the Culture evolved but when it happens at a different time Then it you know it disrupts the whole evolution of the culture you follow what I'm saying I'm not saying it very well, but the point is that when all of a sudden you have this tremendous waves of Immigration after we've developed the certain culture and society and now all of a sudden we have all of this conflict of ethnicity and culture Like all these people you know who want to go out and do Santa Rea and Hylian so on Then what you've got is just it's insanity and that's what we got in South Florida. This is a perfect example of it To the director of the INS just woke up the day before yesterday and realized the fort is in the have all these farms for all these people who are registered as farm workers from other countries Yeah, and listen, you've missed the whole plan the channel 10 logo songs This is the no Miami you have to be Isn't new Miami It's not It's a new Miami Right okay Have a wonderful life sir CN Calcutta 1231 at WI and Z we have an open line in date 624 9400 North Miami Beach, hello How you doing? I'm doing pretty well. Thank you. I have an legitimate driver. We should consider At talk about it some time. I have any handicap and I'm able to drive a car I cannot walk too well Matter of fact they're hardly I use two cans the thing that drives me is when I see people who have the authorized peg for handicapped people and not permitted to park in the handicapped space And I watch them get out of the car walk away They come back Nothing was wrong with them And they have a tag My gripe is this to the So in other words the prerequisite ought to be that they're either in a wheelchair or they have to crawl on their hands and knees right? Okay, good call 28 before one at WI and Z we have an open line in date 624 9400 and Let's go to a pay Payphone in the galleria hello Do you speak very good that was excellent Very good. I can't believe Glen called it on his day off a plantation hello It was worth 25 cents exactly. Well, he's at the galleria it affects your mind You know when you stand around alone for that long Yeah, hey, to you know that Miami tropics are part of the new Miami That's probably true big secret Hey, I was wondering if you ever got my postcard from Chicago from Ridley CEO. Yes Okay, and in here you mentioned it so I was just Well, listen, I mean, you know, we have a lot of valuable time on this show. We can't waste it with priviless Exactly, I'm proud of your private set day What did they do? They destroyed the cops? Great. Yeah, well, listen Yeah, you're actually dog has his day It looks like a real party out there. Yeah, you know now they could probably beat the rock chest or red wing Don't you carry it away? Okay, hey, I was wondering when is the FM going talk? Are you off? Well, talk is what I meant. Yeah, that would be interesting while we already have Spanish talk Yeah, yeah raiding can go down much further You know that they got to do something well a book is gonna be out on Tuesday the spring rating book And of course everybody here is in fact it's kind of amusing because everybody's been in management upper level and middle level You know, we got so many levels layers of management and they've all been kind of like in limbo You know, they're waiting and of course Tuesday morning at about nine o'clock I just know they're all gonna be hovering around that computer and then when the book comes out it's gonna be pretty interesting to look at those FM numbers Set the new format it could be in fact in this market that could be bit would call a death radio That could that could work you know, odds waiting room WGW are God's waiting room. I like it. Yeah We could put life to sleep Take a few imagine Mike Spendale in the hospital You know well got for did but let's you know just as an example say you know minor operation nothing major And a brain transplant just something minor something a minor like that and standing over him Ready to do the operation as a newly newly trained brain surgeon is just your off-co Excellent With Darrell strawberries is back up. Yeah, would that be good that would be excellent well Mike would deserve it You know he's been sticking with M3 thick and thin and uh, you know I'm a net stand, but I don't even watch it anymore. I get so frustrated I don't have very many games on now, you know we getting really screwed now those of us who have cable because they have all of these sports networks They keep ripping off all of the games from these New York teams and now you know very very grim No, I'll pass I can't handle Bob Murphy Yeah Bob Murphy was never any good, but now that he's about 120 years old. I'm sorry. Yeah. Well You know I used to I tried to listen to some of the games, but You don't think about New York, you know They have the best of everything people from New York think that as long as it's in New York It's the greatest like all those great New York sportscasters like Phil Rosuto and Bill White and Spencer Ross and Ralph Kiner all I mean it is it's desperate They need to get rid of kind of a Murphy Gary Thorne is all right Yeah, he's not too bad. But he sounds real good because he's next to Murphy So he sounds much better than he really is I guess anybody can sound good next to Murphy. Yeah, but Anyway, so I left the country farm. I just thought I'd tell you that There history Yeah, I'm to bigger. I'm better. Thanks. Okay. Well, listen have a great life Wonderful life and we'll see you at the Red Wing skate. Okay. I'll see you at Silver Stadium 24 before one at WI and Z in fact in the one o'clock hour. We're gonna be doing a tribute to Rochester In Broward we have an open line now five two four 9400 will come right back The following is a special 22 before one at WI and Z and let's go to Miami next hello Neil yes I just wanted to tell you I read the article in New York Times magazine section. Where did you get it? I went over to the new stand and bought it. Oh, they've got it already? Well, they have the you know part of the time they have the book review and the travel section and the The magazine section that was all I was interested in cost me almost $3 to get it. Boy, you're really a big spender you But it's interesting It's the same thing they've been saying that what the one thing that they always say is how great it was before 1980 and you know after 1980s when it really got there Well, what they're talking about and they don't want to say it is the Mary Al Bolif Right, but but before 1980 was it so great no no it was I came here in 1976 and it was there were still remnants of greatness It was still you know the full decay had not set in but I think that probably the 50s and 60s were the heyday for this time Yeah, I was here then in the 50s but I wanted to take about the one full color picture they ran with the story It says opposite page supporting the Nicaraguan Congress Cuban Both types shifted board it to the right is a picture of some Cuban standing here and they're carrying a sign that says The tubans were the first freedom fighters did you know that? The first freedom fighters well if that's the case our advice to the Congress is don't buy a house Really I wanted to say I agree with you on spring break. They've ruined that They say we should have had gambling why they I don't know what I mean didn't we just last there's they Celebrate the bison tentia all of the Constitution Whatever happened to the American Revolutionaries whatever happened to those freedom fighters who don't they count No, they don't count my sister right here in the paper. Okay. Well if it says in the paper then I must be true Listen can I say I want to say something about Irene I have incurred this although maybe you have I don't listen too much but but I have been listening to you quite a bit lately I kind of feel that Reagan That none of this has to do with humanitarian reasons or help for the Congress or Help for the hostage I just felt that he promised the arms manufacturers that he would sell They're they're where because they put him in power And so he said I'm gonna sell for you You know and then I'll do it any way I can even though he thought Congress would say okay and you know we could sell them the stuff But they didn't so he had to figure out some ways to do it Does that make sense to you? No, no It doesn't I thought that was the reason A study label 18 before one at WI and Z let's go to Miami Beach, hello Hi, hi good morning, but after that I guess now it was morning where I started I disagree with you Is some redeeming value in my amuse something Well, I didn't say there wasn't any redeeming value. Let's not get carried away. You know what? I like to improve I like to go that's a fun place to go I was born here I've lived here all my life except for Was in the service and Still look forward to coming back here whenever I go whenever I travel Still feels like home. It's There's something that Miami has it But but that's true wherever you live no matter where you live when you go on vacation For example and you come back home There is something Well, that's cool. There's a tangible about coming home. Yeah, I'd rent that's true everywhere But I still I don't know I like this the city the There's something about a decent visit what? Do you not what wait a minute there's a vitality? Yeah, yeah, I think so. Boy, I'm really I'm Dismayed that you would use that word because if there's one thing that's lacking here it's vitality This is like a laid back Vegetating and maybe it's the heat in the humidity I've noticed that since I first came here boy, it's very it's like, you know, that's why I use that term brain dead No vitality is not the word something in try another one Exotic or it's it's different you can find different things different. Yeah Different people are different and the town is different For nationalities and you can find different kinds of foods here and everything Because it probably doesn't compare with New York and being a lot bigger city to everything But of course I never when you say you can find different kinds of food here I'm not so sure I understand what that means. I mean you can go to little Havana and get black beans and rice But in Sarasota you can go to the Columbia restaurant and get black beans and rice and you can find and you can find eight You can find eighty Chinese restaurants and you can find French restaurants and you can find a German restaurant and Sarasota and Sarasota is a little town Belgium restaurants yeah Green and Flenish Now I think I think that was the that was the word Got a color on a mobile phone on Saturday. Hello. How are you okay? I would like to tell all those people that voted against the seal gambling That it's their fault that we have that additional tax on services right because I think that that would have never even been If you had casino gambling I have a Relicat poison the both brokerage business and I believe what he's gonna have to do now He is charged not only self tax on the same boat every time it gets sold over and over Allowing the state to collect several times on the same item But he's also gonna have to charge a tax on his service so the customer will be double tax Great great Double taxation yeah Well, maybe we need another Boston Tea Party I know I know who just to connect it. Can we do we have Gail Stewart's phone number? Oh The tea lady We have a special tea lady here at Winds. We're gonna hire her back to what to have another revolt Well, I'll tell you what I don't know but a lot of people would just sit back thinking that someone else is gonna Do something about this tax, but it's absurd Ridiculous Well, listen it's Governor Martinez that you talk about the people voting against casino gambling They voted for this knee-and-rethal He was that he was a loser in Tampa. He's a major loser in Tallahassee now. He's an absolutely unmitigated disaster And what they wanted is what they got you know these things don't happen by osmosis You see you know it's very easy to sit back and always blame the politicians But who is it that keeps putting the very shrivers and the George Valdez is and the the Bob Martinez is in the office It's the electorate that goes out and picks these people Back on the beach exactly Okay, okay good luck to you, sir Very goes up there into point east wherever all those condos and he is his little Kazotski any worse his grandma key and he schmoses with everybody at eats lots of finishes and everybody Kvells from him and they all run out and that's all it takes And a man I I said it to an earlier caller and I want to go on record I had mentioned this earlier. I retract my statement from yesterday Sergio Pereira is not they counties number one asshole Barry Shriber is I mean it's not even a contest How could I have forgotten? And I noticed nobody has anything to say about the fact that he would like to pass this resolution Which would amend the fair housing ordinance to permit some exceptions so that we can have these adult only retirement communities in Dave County we can have 80 century villages in Dave County Fort Latterdale hello Buenos dias Adios Are you already No, that was just a preview of things to come Okay, well let me know I just returned from Chicago go ahead of fabulous time and there was so much going on there and I can really apply the name by tell I mean the word vitality To the people there and they and in fact they all look like they were on speed and I and then I I suddenly realized It's because they all have some place to go and something to do We wander around here we get up we think a lot of the hell my gonna do today And that's the difference and they're all they're so proud of what's happening there and They're building so many new buildings and they revitalizing An area when I grew up I mean you wouldn't even think of going there and the townhouses now are I'm trying to between 250,000 to five hundred thousand and this in the collected area that well, it's just unreal Oh thing had best deal day and taste of food in the park and all kinds of things and It really made me stop and think and and as as a man said when you come home Well you said about it when you do come home at first everything looks great and that lasted Less than 24 hours with me and I just drove up to the market after After I got home to get some orange juice and things from the morning and I was Seasoned in my car had my hand the keys my car in my hand and a nice Cuban lady came along and took the whole fun in all of my sports cars So I thought well that yeah, it's less than 24 hours in home There goes I'm leaving. I am I'm just I'm sick so I'm right back in the same Graham of mine that I want to move again, and I'm quite sure I'm going to you know again It sounds like ethnic bashing which it's not but I'm gonna say it again I'm not talking about what you said, but I'm saying and I want to reiterate it The this business about the Cubans made this area and all of this other garbage is the worst lie that anyone could tell it's nonsense It's absolute nonsense and the fact that there was that much of an influx permitted Cubans Haitians and the Corrogans you name it to come in to such a small geographical area and such a short period of time Has been devastating. I don't know if we're ever gonna recover from it, which you know Basically is the essence of the article of this guy wrote in the times is my amy ever gonna come back and we survive I don't think we are because what I noticed in Chicago They have a lot of Mexicans a lot of pork Puerto Ricans. I went to Greek town and had wonderful Greek food and I mean, there's they have ethnic ethnicity there also but not at all like we see down here and and And of course a lot of black black mayor or so forth But everybody just seems to get along they hold the door up when they see you running for the foreign elevator Here they it's almost with greed that they let it shut There's Dan was shopping bags in your hand and everyone's polite and I don't think that they're going to To um ever create this feeling of warmth and I don't care They just they've taken it over. They want it and as far as I'm concerned they can have it I just I'm sorry they have to give up on it. I've been here over 20 years, but I really can't take it anymore And I I had a call on the other day who debated the fact that this thing is sprayed into plantation and I don't know where this individual is hanging out, but if you go into Broward Mall There's some of the shops you hear some of the help babbling away in in Espanol and you know It just a matter of time you know in the old days when immigration was was The kind of immigration I was talking about before there were ethnic neighborhoods There were a few blocks a few maybe a square mile or a few blocks that were Italian and another Area that was a Jewish or Polish or whatever it was but but this immigration is has been so uncontrolled and so out of hand That it just it's sweeping over the entire area and we have another culture and another mindset and another a whole Mother world that's come in here and just devastated and completely turned around what this area used to be I totally agree. I want to say about my one date But my cousin is to be married to this man. He's a jeweler and He's Jewish and and He's so beat and so I just will behind his back I'd calm due to beat But I mean, oh Now I know that went terrible but he deserved that he deserved a lot more When you hear what I tell you I say with the girlfriend the whole time I was there so it's very fortunate very cheap vacation for me We went out to one of the lovely of totals there and had dinner and my friend came along and After dinner after lovely dinner this man picked up the napkin Blue his nose in the napkin. Oh After we got home I said to my girlfriend her name is gay Color gasey and a middle name is Leon so her mother must have been all messed up. I don't know but anyway her middle name is Leon her middle name Gay Leon what Galea I think I know him Well I said gasey did you see that you said down he must be nuts It was it was had to have been a handkerchief. I said well I'll know tomorrow The next the following evening I went to uh I went out with him again. I'm a blood and food punishment And we went to a Greek restaurant. Thank God they had red napkins Now I was along with this man and oh he was just so obnoxious at this point I knew I wanted to get home, but I really Didn't take that much money with me because I just had a little bag You put lipstick and a handkerchief. You know one of those things. Uh huh too and So I ordered the cheapest thing on the menu moosaka and He sent his food back. He was just Nothing would please him and at the end of the dinner He picked up the red napkins and I knew that I have been might all along and he and they all know in there I mean must be a big spender and he blew his nose in the napkin again. This was the first for me. It was the only Dispasteful thing that happened to me being in terror tonight was there So it's a great place to visit but uh Don't hang around with that guy. Okay. Well listen Have you else six minutes before what a w i and z we have an open line in Brower at five two four and ninety four Hundred we have an hour and six minutes to go and for some bizarre reason that's fly and buy here today But I know in that last hour will probably make up for it America you sure have a thing Saying I'm a gun owner and I've had a concealed weapons permit for about the last ten years Because of the kind of business that I'm in But he has a he has an idea that if everybody carried a gun on their side that you know We would reduce crime and I think it's it's a really unrealistic You know idea is because I think the one thing that he doesn't have in mind And this is a personal experience of brother and what my brother and law We shot in the back four weeks ago after a traffic incident and now he's paralyzed from the waist down if he would Read some of the statistics of Taxidental gun injuries and just from flare-ups of temper and domestic violence and that ends with a gunshot Did you see the story one of the most tragic stories I've ever seen about the vendor in Miami a couple days ago Right right exactly and this guy was closing up his Little vending shop and he ready to go home and a friend of his was standing there and the guy carried a gun on him the vendor right and his friend as a joke Came up behind him and said this is a stick up or something like that and he put his finger in his back like he had a gun and the guy Turn around and blew his friend away Thought it was a stick up and killed him. I mean you read about it every single day and a paper you read about one tragedy after another And to think that to have everybody carrying a weapon You know it's just ridiculous you can run away from a club you can run away from a knife You can run away from a stick but it's very difficult to run away from a you know from a maniac with a gun that's You know that you know one shot and just ruin your life well you said maniac and that stands so what can I tell you? Okay, I'm glad you are enjoying your show. Thanks for calling by the way people on century Village of chorus are up in arms and Pembroke Pines about this latest crime wave and they're asking for more security And they have a very unique way they're not into this violent business either because they don't want to see any innocent Bistander get blown away so they're arming themselves with sweet and low at century village and This probably you know we owe an apology. I would think to a lot of these folks because this is what happens if you have enough packs in your purse What you do is when you see trouble coming You open them up and in a flutter of pink These people are blinded and shocked and it gives you ample time to hobble away so it works out very well Hollywood hello Yes, or you okay and oh after many years of research They finally came out with a wait to avoid eight Let's go to a Hollywood hello. Yes, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I Just wanted to call and I want to touch on a couple of points You know, I've left here all my life and I love it down here and I agree with you though that there are just so many people out to Enjoy what we have here Like the last caller you know you can tell about 70% of the time on these shows if the voice is old and Crochety sounding it's gonna be you know a disaster. It's gonna be some bitter night I didn't even let him finish you know, but somebody who just wants to take a miserable shot at the whole human race Yeah, yeah, well the shot I want to take is that Oh, yes that dick mirror cox if I can say that Yeah, okay good because that's the way I feel about You know, I read about about three years ago. I read in the paper just before all this You know before they killed off the spring break. I started reading where A lot of the more influential people that lived there on the strip were starting to complain to the counsel and And to Maricox and You know the thing that gets me is those people you know They're well they were complaining that they were having a hard time getting into their parking spots and they're condominiums and You know so forth and Those people I believe those people are behind the reason why Maricox is doing what he's doing Those same people had bought that property there on the beach So they could you know when they were a little bit younger so they could look at the young hard bodies Have gone infinite now and now they're more concerned about the weather not taking part their cars Yeah, all they want to look at his old soft bodies. Yeah, well, they don't even care anymore They just want to get in an out of their parking spots But No, that's about it. I just wanted to you Let you know how I felt about Maricox Well, he's you know, he's a relic of the past and Really and your thought and the fact that he's the mayor of Fort Latterdale I think says it all he's he's a throwback to the dark ages and that's exactly what he and his cohorts have managed to do and Between them and the fascist Gestapo police up there boy. They've they really done a great number Isn't an amazing that an area that always had all that good free press all that free publicity from the movie where the boys are and all those other You know Movies about Fort Latterdale And the general image of spring break only because you know we were lucky enough to have the natural geographical attribute Nobody did anything special to create it. It just happened to be there Isn't amazing how they've been able and just a couple of quick years to destroy the whole thing Yeah, well, and I'm the water. Well, it doesn't take long to kill a rose, you know Yep, you got it. Okay, what's next? Well, have a nice weekend. Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Hi Good night, whatever. Whatever it is, man. It's made my day. Okay. They had Pope Pop sickle. Yeah Because one time when I was a widow at 24 my husband died during World War II And Accidentally dated this person that had been a dropout priest he had been in the Seven area whatever it is. They have about five years and almost lost his men so he got out of it But he told me that they taught them oral genital sex to protect the men and so I think that Pope Pop sickles are just great Okay, man. How about that? Okay. Well, we'll certainly give the art spaceship your highest regards One 13 at WINZ. We have an open line in date now six two four 9400 and we'll go to Pompano. Hello. Yes, yes Listen to you for the past six weeks. I think it's on a great show absolutely I find a mine I got a more sense for the first time he loves Madonna and I wanted you to him to hear your time and the About her Well, I mean, what is it a say? I mean, she's a slot a sleeves bag disgusting vulgar grotesque. What is it a say? Not to mention his hairy and probably smells bad Not much more I guess but I will say this I will say this that when she hooked up with Sean Pan that was a match made in heaven I mean two eternal sleaze bags Okay, one more thing. Could you play in songs for me? Well, it all depends if it's Madonna forget it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, you can call Stan He'll play Madonna. That's for sure. How about I'll be good for everybody who hasn't had their silver About that country adherence. Oh, yeah, I have to dig around for that. I haven't played that yet. Okay. All right, they saw it. See you later. Yeah, Stan will play Madonna in fact You notice that almost all of the songs that Stan plays except for I want to be Don Johnson and that long terminal Elvis cut That live album Our female whether it's Abba or Madonna. See I like music because it sounds good Whether it's male female whether it's a group makes no difference to me. I like it because it sounds good I like the sound of the beat whatever a stand-of-course likes it only because it is a fantasy or is a an excess reader with fantasy Although how anybody could fantasize about Madonna beats a hell out of me. I don't understand it. Surfside. Hello. Oh Very good from surfside. No less shame on you honey wash your mouth out with chlorox Stan comes on it to a clock. Okay Miami sure is hello. Hello. I guess leave that last lady. She was good, wasn't she? Yeah real pal good head on her shoulders Yeah literally I I moved down here in 66 and Back in those days Miami was a really fun town. They had a lot of things going for young people They used to have in the late 60s they had lovedons in Grenoes Park on the weekends You know they had a place called the image that had live music you know right big bands used to come down there like the doors and Led Zeppelin and bands like that and I think personally in 1970 after Jim Morrison did his famous Master Bating on stage act at the dinner kea auditorium They had this big Decent C. Rally in the orange ball and Jackie Glees and May he rest was involved in that and I think that was that Actually incident could have been the beginning of the end because that's when all the Righteous people came out of the closet and decided they were gonna They were gonna trash the freewheeling image of Miami and Turn it into the sub-title and it's just it's just split that way ever since Well, I'll tell you another one of the real turning points and this is a little bit pre-1980 when everybody claims that the you know the demarcation line was When they need a brine business went on here in 1977 That really focused national spotlight on this town and it made this look like a real repressive Right wing backwards, you know, it really focused a lot of negativity on this town and Guy who called earlier about for a lot of deal being such a contradiction And I've said that for years on the one hand we want to you know do all these PR campaigns and have the Postures with the Half naked women and so on and the son and fun and all of that But on the other hand we don't want to have that here in other words We want to pedal a good image to everybody else to suck a room into coming here, but then when they get here We don't want anything going on exactly exactly exactly like spring great It's one thing to say it say this is what we're all about But if you try to live it watch out fast they slam you down you got it Well, listen Neil I've been listening to you for a while now and I really enjoy it and You know, thanks for being there keep it up. Okay. Thanks for calling okay One 18 at WI and Z course the gym Morrison is doing his thing on Zeta several times each hours So if you're one of those gym Morrison fans I do like the doors I have all their albums and all of that, but you know how many times can you hear LA woman in one hour right? Okay, we have one open line. It's in date county six two four niney four hundred stand major is in the room Hi honey and He's smoking one of those Dominican Suppositories that he received yesterday Kyle by the way tells me that the whole building is now Infested with a smoke and they've actually got him a little smokey to rub there a Not really a smokey to it's a noise machine Remember the one we had in here well this one makes three times the amount of noise that that one did that's good You won't be able to hear us Well in the case of your show right that's that's a public service So what do you have lined up for us today? Well, let me take my break first and then I'll we'll take your break Because I see you've had a lot of spots in here today. You may not have much of a show I think I haven't I have nothing show when I don't have any commercial well I didn't want to be the one to say it okay one nineteen at WINC when we come back Stand is gonna preview how are the frogs last night by the way? They should have been really wild because it was pouring Can't send them oh, did you find them? I found them do you get rid of them? No, but I'm I'm gonna be open. I do is okay, in fact that's gonna be the whole show today probably No, it is not Hey listen you got a microwave. Okay. Welcome back right after this A sister of the man who was shot in the back. Oh, this is gonna really be something hello. Hi Yes, it was my brother who got shot in the back. Boy and He was in a traffic altercation is what they called it this guy was weaving in an out of traffic and cutting everybody off My brother got in a license tag number to report him for you know because he can do that and My brother had passed him and that's when he shot him in the back. Unbelievable. Okay. Now this guy is out Anyone's three guns my brother doesn't own a gun my brother's now paralyzed From the waist down but this guy is out walking around and owns three guns. You see what I mean? It's like it's crazy and I don't think the answer is to run away from what's happening here You know because all we're doing is giving it you know it's like What we need to do is not fight I am against violence But if we let him take over my army how far does it go for her? Yeah, while we need to scream bloody murder We need to do what makes him noise the first thing we need to do is you know bring out the truth and maybe this article Let's come out in the times tomorrow. Nothing else at least it'll focus attention out of it again What they like it or not? Exactly, you know like it's corrupt all over the place and and besides that teaching our children morals What kind of morals are they learning when they see the government is you know denying You know and stuff like this, you know, I mean I think that they learn and they you know children are really brilliant and they're not gonna you know It's like When they when they say do as I say not as I do you know you gotta show them that you know that there's moral But what are we showing them as far as the government as far as everything? You know that's the thing yeah So these kids you know they have denied ability to begin with because they try and test you and you know and stuff But now it's even more You know even when I was growing up there wasn't this bad You know, but I have a young daughter and you know, but the thing is the last American you know, please bring the flag Where to how far do we run Okay, hang in there. I will I will and he my brother that happens to be doing great, but I'll say it It's really shame because it's you know it's like This guy is out and walking around and You know He has three guns and who knows what can happen You know, it's like Where does it all end or where does where can we begin without violence? Okay, I appreciate hearing from you dear. Okay. Thank you very much. Bye bye. Bye no 25 past one at WINZ. We have two open lines and other both in day six two four niney four hundred I have a feeling it's gonna be quite a stand major show of the staff and oh and why do you just keep his mic off the whole show? That's all. Tee up set You don't know you don't care doy good. Okay. I don't run you know everybody is so up Tight around here lately. There are just all up tight. I mean they were ripping me yesterday from what he just tells me I didn't even hear it him and Tweety bird were ripping me because I've been such a pussy cat since I came back from vacation Could have fooled me Miami Beach hello Me Good Can I talk about the Ignorems on WIO you? No Margie hello. Yes, Neil how you doing good Neil I was wondering when the pulse coming down You were wondering yeah, why did you want to buy him some underwear or something? I want to go down a sim of course September 12. How much power does he? September 12. Okay, September 12. Okay. You go down a sim? No. Oh, why not? I have to go to the track that thing. How often you see an important man like that though in impotent man like that? Yeah, well we can you about a president's gonna be here at the same time so we'll see two impotent men Yeah, that's great together. Yeah, yeah, okay. Okay. Good luck to you sir. I hope you enjoy your popsicle. Miramar hello Miramar Hello Yes, yeah, so snail yeah, oh, okay. What's close? Okay. I'm sorry. Okay, glad to have you back Neil Okay, on the you could play that I 95 song for that young lady the one not the last one with the one before The only had a couple words to say oh that I dumped it Boy, it was on the radio. I heard it. No, it wasn't on a radio We're hurt it on the phone. Okay, maybe so okay. I talked to you while quite a while back About having some tapes from your old shows that you could play on the radio. Yeah, are you spoken to do that? Yeah, next time I go on vacation in fact, they're taping all the shows now so that next time I go on vacation We don't have to have Oli North hearings on uh, do you see how it up there when you went to New York? No, I wasn't in New York City. I see Rochester then right which is a long way I'm a city. Okay. I got one here for you. Okay. You know the people in the market, you know like yourself and everything You know they're taking polls all the time Mm-hmm. Okay. You could take one for Uncle Oli and we'll call it the North Paul That's kind of dry. Yeah Yeah, you had to be there. Okay. Please say listen to your show Neil. See you gallery. Okay. Oh, I know good luck to you sir Have a wonderful life. We have couple open lines in Broward 9 peg all the Broward lines just opened up five two four 9400 five five two four 9400 everything was coasting along and then major came in and we seem to have had a Major altercation here in the last couple of minutes and I don't know what's going on but I'm just a very Pleased I'm ready to kiss the ground or even the Pope's ring that in 32 minutes I'm gonna be long going out of here. Miami. Hello. Hello, yes. Hi, hi. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Neil you were Early on you know we're hanging about Delta and I wanted to tell you that my husband is in the airline business station here out of Miami And he told me that Two and three days ago an incident was not reported in the newspaper on the TV. That's no holiday. We got through they told me the incident where there was this Delta header 767 Leading from California to New York and not too far out into the flight one of the engines went out in a 767 only has two engines So naturally pilots are told immediately when that an engine goes out to fly to the nearest airport Well, would you believe what this pilot did he flew from California All the way to New York with one engine and when he landed in New York and his seat hit Terraferma he was fired on the spot but that never got out Can you imagine him in changing the rise of all those people? I'd like to one who shut off both engines Wow, but I mean and the planes dropped to within a few hundred feet of the ocean that was that must have been real I'm like my wife and says that you know the scuttle but you know among the pilots They cannot believe of course They they They they all Contributed to very poor training But I think I mean I couldn't when he told me that story I just couldn't believe a 7 year old child Would have had better judgment And they're told immediately in training if that ever I mean if whether you have three engines for engines or whatever Immediately flight to the next destination immediately This starts to what 2000 miles to New York with a Most of us people on that airplane yeah, but you know to solve a comet We've had about this I brought it up yesterday briefly and I'm mentioned it to get again today a couple of times and the nobody cares about it And I guarantee you people are gonna go out there and do businesses usual and Wherever they have to get whatever is the cheapest and the most convenient to most and that's all they care about But I mean as that is I can me that is unbelievable Absolutely I like I say no I'm at the kitchen I've got your with a head better Yeah, you know He would have a child would have used better judgment in that Well, you know a pilot is like a brain surgeon or you know any kind of physician He's got the power of life and death in his hands and when a kind of incredibly stupid and lacks things go on and I notice You know nobody cares Nobody gives a damn about it. I don't hear anybody else talking about it So well, life goes on in a big city We have an open line in date 624 9400 131 at WI and ZR next call from higher lia hello Hi, how are you today good listen? I just yesterday there was a comment made about the people were going a welfare and not getting an employment Not a miss show no sir on the gentleman that follows you well call him and talk about it Way out on point I think it's a girl man who figured out he had the help of his uncle Sam he thought he was a hero who was the same the day by being a hero when Tom is no old way He never ever learned to reach the laws of well but he could read that secret paper like a ring in a bell I think Oh All he go Oh All he go Oh Okay The damage we don't bow down is out 20 seconds, he can't be just seen in the mob When Thomas got him up to say he had to go When all he saw, he got himself into a bit People are dying off the hook with leave all tricks The congressmen is out and there's got all from him When all he gets to find is that I free the hook to go Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go I'm just going to go, I'm just going to go I'm just going to go, I'm just going to go I'm just going to go When they get free, gonna be new about the top They took the letters net well, I forgot We'll never been as real in person The hurry of the Colonel in the mountains, Britain. The Lord of the Story was the never-as-all. The Lord in the country is above the law. I think though. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. The Lord of the North. Yeah, serious. Boy on a scale of zero. That's about minus infinity, isn't it? I wonder why I hadn't played that before. Okay, they feathered down the CBS line a few days ago and you won't hear that on this show again. Okay, 18 before two at WI and Z, we have a couple of open lines still in Broward 524 and 9400. And where shall we go? He asked and the answer is...