I'm a fraud. Invading. Your attorney acting as general counsel to the PTL television network today confirmed that the Ministry intends to file a petition for bankruptcy under chapter 11 of the US bankruptcy code. The Board of Directors voted yesterday, authorised the filing, which he says will allow the financial bill to be a legal minister to continue operating pending a restructuring of its debts. Miller also says the filing will freeze PTL's assets thereby protecting them from being seized by creditors. And by Jim and Tammy Fay, I wonder if that's the timing of that is just because Jim and Tammy Fay happened to come back at a town yesterday. Oh no! They don't want to get their hands on anything I guess. That's... Tell another problem. Okay, I'm sorry. I just wanted to write that. But I think he wanted to get into the privacy of his vehicle and hear this by himself. No! I have my business, honey. One of the reasons I don't hire black Americans is because they are very the link links on a stupid. Oh, that's nice. Other thing is... Wait a minute. Let's slow down for the benefit of the people who couldn't understand your broken English. You don't hire black Americans because they're dirty. The link went in stupid. Yeah. They have proof of it. They have proof? They have proof. They've proved it. Yes, now the other thing is... What's better, you jealous because they know Cuban basketball players in the NBA is that your problem? No. I mean, you've obviously got a problem. No. How is your problem? I want to tell you, I got this series and shit because that way I can do whatever I want. And I can put my own people to represent me over there. Like Pereira and all these group people that you are talking about. I don't care what they do. They're not here from a Cuban business. And listening to this, we don't like you people. You can go over there to little. How many people in the world do you have people? Who else don't you like beside the blacks? Now, the original like anybody but Cubans. How about black Cubans? How about all those black Cubans who came over during the burial boat live? Do you know like them? They are okay. Oh, they're okay. Okay. So it's just American blacks. All depending on where they came from. If they came from Africa, they're bad if they came from Cuba. How about Haitians? Haitians? Yeah. No, no big. Listen. No, no, no. What does that mean? No. What kind of an answer is that to the question? They are pigs. They are pigs. Uh-huh. Oh, like it. Yeah. I want to tell you about that. And what are you? What are you? Some kind of a subhuman cretin? No? No, no. No, no. But we're just... Sounds like one. You go to America, Naval Hoon. You see this. What is an American neighborhood? What the hell does that mean? What is an American neighborhood? Get out of here. You moron. You jackass. You subhuman douchebag. Scum. That's what you are. You're human excrement floating around. Oh, what do you do? What do you do? Driving the team. Self-experience. It is just you better. What's your stance? A new statement's for. See a flip down the court. Why you holding up the stretcher can you hold down the court? We'll perish and fast. Engine a cast. Any other team will just be dragging us. Something I'm well done by Kevin McHale. And Daniel's getting better now, his one is better. Driving the team. The self-experience. They think you'll be better. What's your stance? Over your eyes. It's rubbing like flies. You can't even hold a rest of you can't get the good bite. But you don't have to hold a plan to. You're almost made up for losing and colder yesterday being able to watch. Mr. Cash, I. Where you at any time a while. And money from the arms sales to iron. Was being illegally dove-witted to the contrast. You know, Mr. Senator? I'm glad you asked that question. Because the countries are guerrilla fighters and guerrillas always remind me of the monkeys. And isn't a great, but after all these years, there once again the heart drop of teenagers all across the US of A. Mr. Casher, where you're just asked for the question. Well, sir, there's nothing I'd like better. But on the advice of council, I'm most regrettably and respectfully decline your request. But don't go away because I'm going to take the fifth. And of course, I can only mean the fifth dimension. The year was 1967. When this specification, the judge will regard the board this man from the train of a meeting. Like you say, no, no, no, no, no. 26 past 10 at W.I.K. Are you okay? Okay, so 11.07 at W.I. Oh, that's good. Oh, that's good. Turn it up a little louder. Turn it up a little louder. Turn it up a little louder. That's good. Oh, wait a minute, I got a good idea. Oh, they hurt. They left. That was the best call today. That was a good time. That was the best call today. What line is that? That's gone. That was terrific. Got a paid phone and Hollywood going back with a phone again. Great. Okay, put that one on hold. Leave that one there. Kendall, hello. I'm Mary Smart. And trying this year is perfume named after television celebrities. First, there was crystal for women and courage and permit. But now you can also dab on an essence of cause. If you want to smell life money, oh, to out. To smell like a Harry cat eating extra terrestrial. And introduce just this week, it's stench of Oprah. The overwhelming smell of a big nosy fat woman. Ha ha ha, crossing my legs. The eye my head and tying them in a knot. I'm Mary Smart Entertainment this morning. Okay, I'm going to be excited when they. This is the way. The way I'm going to tell you. The way I'm going to tell you. The way I'm going to tell you. You're a joy. One of the jobs said, job your children are dead. You're a pusher god instead of pastoral and steady say, boon, this, when you talk like, foolish woman, you look like, my woman. He comes from Lord God. And by Lord God, take it away. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. He's name. My friends, these are your good friend, the Reverend Moli. Hallelujah. You, life. In what you all join us here. And I cannot tell you, how good it makes me feel. some an admission face is here and I'm prayer temp tonight. As you know we are now going into our temp consecutive year on the air with our combined faith healing and Christian Crusade against communism. Now God God cannot win this battle against the atheist that communist conspiracy will not your help God need your financial aid in this struggle against the communist. God need your help God knows God need your help. My friends, my program, the Word of Truth is broadcast of 150 stations throughout the United States and Canada and of course I need your financial aid to continue this battle against the atheistic communist to conspiracy. So we ask you to send whatever you can. Be it a penny, a dime or a dollar to kill a communist or a Christ box two to four. You're going today you feel better for it come on here my friends. Our friends we have an assist week as we do every week many more unfortunate handicapped individual Christian brothers. Good Lord of Save it. Good Lord of Save it. It's right and down during Passover. Why we do not know. But we do know this my friends that if they believe if Jesus is in their heart then I can and will cure them here tonight. All I have asked is that you give your heart to Jesus the first one who does will receive 2500 things. All right now. Lay our hands my first for unfortunate. Will you please step right out here you have nothing to be afraid of now you are in the head of the Lord you tell us what is your problem. All Lord may tell me and you talk to me I talk to the Lord all right. Wait there she's he mobile like a no file. Ram's in both building in both building in both building how many times have I heard that I have some praise three times. All right now no fuller hours is there. Come on now. Hold it out there tell me now. Do you believe Jesus I do are you Christian and God and these days I am. Are you going to church or something are you do all right come with me. Who's up? Who are you? Hello look you here. Hello. This is your friend of Reverend Loney. Come to the old wednesday. Welcome to WDWW. We are in West Virginia. Hello. You are going to be in the boy. He is my husband. Hello. He is my husband. He is from the old evening. That function is childbirth. He is my last event this boy mobility. He is my last procurement. I say those two great words. Say them every inch. Jesus. He is my husband. A little more faith. A little more faith. It's a money in the palm of the way out my friends. He was not cured because Jesus was not in his heart. Why was he not cured? He was in a new hand. His accent. He came up from Godless Cuba. The spit comes up here. What's God's acclaims? My friends. God will not cure those spit. They won't let Jesus in the Hathada help me for free. They don't tell either of them. I'm not cured. Speak well. All right. My friends. I am the word of truth. Amen. I will tell you things that God meant. There is not. Have you? God meant says to me. Hush up. They say, Hush up. Remember my name? I will not. Hush up. I will speak to truth. I will tell you what the God meant. There is not. Have you? God meant says you want to accept the truth. I say you will. You know what? Happening to stay afloatist. Jill. All right. Jay of the Frogs reading people in Florida. Jay of Communist Frogs in the firing of the fire in the fire. And they are gathering whole towns in Florida. And if you think I'm lying, when was the last time anyone here got a call from Tampa? All right. You think about that, my friends. My friends. I say these are Godless, theistic Frogs. Very incognitive, give up. I say, Castro region. And then the United States will take care of the hangar of the Pongblood Hotel. Yeah. People say, and we have the unnoticed. How do you know that? There's one, uh. We know. We know these bugs come from Godless Cuba. We have photographs of large number of Cuban refugees arriving in this country with wars. More than that. More than that, my friends. We have with us tonight, a gentleman who is living, too. He's going to give us new testimony in an all-way. So what he saw is, come up here from Dave County. My enemy, Choccao Thamdoet, is only expensive. The great personal loss. And he is going to tell us what he saw and what he heard in his own Christian words. The place day I got there. Ah. Oh, what's your man? Are you one of us? Oh, my Convoy. Oh, huh. That's all right. That's quite all right. I understand that he was, too. All right, man. You got it. I hate that. All right, man. Yeah. But what happened is I was sitting behind, you know, by the pool in the back of this Sunday. And suddenly I heard an obnoxious song. He's horrible, Sam. It gotless sound. God, man. They gotless sound. That's what the air is. Now, would you, would you reproduce the hideous sound of the communist frog, Russ here tonight? Would you reproduce that sound? Read it. Oh, my God. Woo! I'm never going to hurt anyone. I want them all to be the lead. My friends. My friends have been going to buy you your neighborhood. I've been your neighborhood. I've been your neighborhood. I want you to squash it. Kill it. Get the young human. Kill it. You're going to tell me. It's the best. Plating. I can't take that chance. Now, what did you do? What did you do? You heard that sound? What did you do? I came to where my wife, Boyd, was diving off. She loves to dive. A big woman. She was diving off the top board. And she was halfway down in a beautiful cannonball. And suddenly a gigantic tongue, Bipped out, grabbed a piece of the biggest froggy mouth I ever saw in my head. It's called it a spro. Definitely. I recognize the uniflaced. Hey, you! Hey, you! All right, now, did you go to her age? I tell you that went. And I haven't been able to move to her. And since God didn't last in God said, I would use this bar as an example. God said that, I did. All right, now hold it up there. Do you believe? Yes, I do. Are you fishing by the lead? I do. Do you want to church or something? I do. Have you even washed him a blood of the lion? I can't even imagine, though. I don't know. Wait, wait, wait. I don't know. I don't know. I'd love it. I'd hate it. We don't do it itself. Good. What's the law? You're going to see it. You're going to love you, Boyd. You're going to love it. All right, all right. Hold it up there now. Long as you believe. That's fun to buy. All right. All right. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord, look. Oh, Lord, he has a twist in that hand. Lord, he is sorry. Oh, Lord, I believe he is sorry. And Lord, I ask you now to please him for the law or about what is this Lord? Please make that one hand like the other. If you don't want to be like the other, please. Make that one hand like the other. So, Lord, that one, sir would you. Oh, my God, he is. All right. Oh, man. You go to the line. Your hands. All right. All right, let me go. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, Mary, son. I can't even touch me or not, have you, son? Come on, Lord, shape up. Come on, Lord, shape up. I'll last more than fortunate for the evening. It is a face that is permitted in any of you. He was with us last week. He was not here, but through your cards, you know, you voted him most popular, and so he is back again. You can write up here now. You have nothing to be afraid of. You can write up here now. Here he is. All right, where are you going? There you go. Come on, Mary. I'd like to thank everybody who voted for me. All right. Well, see if we can't get that big vote in the sky. All right, man. You tell us, you tell us what is your problem? Oh, my God. There you go. Oh, holy, holy, I'm a mess. All right. Here we go. You tell us how to do you believe. Do you believe? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? You got your finger on my ear. That's the good one, yeah, sir. You're going to do it, are you, Christian, and Bob, and Dee? Go, sir, I am. You've got to church to the sun, then. Yes, I do. Have you been walked into the blood of oil? I'm sure I do, but then I'm hurt. Hey, come with me. Oh, Lord, let me hear. Oh, Lord, hear me now. Lord, I know that we only have a few moments of your precious airtime. You belong. I ask you now, Lord, do you stay in the blood? I ask you, Lord, ask you to send down me like this, dear. The Holy Ghost, Lord. I ask you, He's been, Lord. I ask you to speak, Lord. I ask you to speak, Lord. I ask you to speak, Lord. I ask you to speak, Lord. I ask you to speak, His arms. I ask you to speak, His arms. I ask you to speak, His back. I ask you to speak, Lord. I ask you to make them a call. Christian, and you're on it. Oh, Lord, I beg of you. Hey, men. A little more pain for some, but some money in the partner way, I'll try again next week. Now, my friends. You're not really looking. Look, you did it. You killed me. I'm straight. You both made it. Jesus passed it to Mary. Jesus passed it to Mary. Jack Burns and Avery Shriver from a long time ago. I call it. Somebody. And sleep. That's the smoke eater, folks. You believe that? Doesn't make any noise, right? Of course not. It's just our imagination. We're just losing it today, folks. It's all slipping through our fingers. Here's a letter that we got today that I think we ought to share with the audience, don't you? Major came on yesterday and he blamed you for the fact that you didn't get in calls in the beginning of the show. You know what happens? It's my fault. You have a mic on top of the smoke eater? Oh, yeah. It's on. Keep it on. That's to the talk. What the teletypes to the news. Oh, okay. That's part of our new format here at Wins. Have we got the pot open all the way? Good. Good. That's good. Dear Mr. Rogers, Glenn Hill on Cart. Just when I think I'm listening to FM, I hear Glenn Hill Kackel in the middle of Monty's two-tight dimension and know that he hasn't found a real job yet. I love the music. Keep the music. He put Zeta to shame and besides Zeta doesn't have Glenn Hill. It's better than the Stephen Eady Show. If Steve had Michael D. Sisto, Kackley on Cart, Aralas had Brian Norcros, tittering. It wouldn't be the same. Keep the Glenn Hill Cart. We have some morbid fascination with Glenn Hill. Twitty birds should go into syndication. The old prunes probably hate the music. They hated what you said, but now they have to contend with I want your sex by George Michael. The last time they remember sex is when they had their last animal. Oh, God is what they said. You can really satisfy Foller's fascination with Rand Tell. Foller's quote, yes, I'm jealous. I settled for program director when I knew I could do talk or at least polls by playing Paul Simon's myth of fingerprints off his Grayslan album. Come see us over on the FM. We might have it on CD or at least on it as in cylinder. We like Stan. At least we don't have to wonder whether she's done a rice under that school teacher with her hair in a bun or an e-s quote. What does that mean? I don't know that. Well, we have to get back to our drug and do listeners. Keep up the great work. See what peaches and surely Jeff Guns are in Jeff Chase, aka Glen Hill. Now I don't think that Guns are in Chase for a while. Deal? Huh? Is it possible? It's like Don Johnson. I'm not sure. We don't really know. No, we don't really know. Well, I don't know which is worse. I'm hearing you and one channel and I hear the smoke eater out of the other women's like stereo on a AM. Don't we compliment each other? Yeah, exactly. Okay, maybe we'll take a poll. Which is the most annoying sound. A smoke eater humming in the background or tweeting bird cackling over to my right. Which one just makes you nauseous? It's a AM stereo. See, actually, the smoke eater is a voice eater. What it's designed is to get your voice off the air. I'm here just eats up the sound waves off of that mic. I'm here to bother people. Yeah. And you're doing a great job of it. There's hysterical. By the time major came on yesterday, there was no audience. No, measure balladians. Oh. That's what he said. You know, here I sit here leaving him the biggest audience in day time radio in this market. And he has the audacity to come on here. What did Neil do? What did Neil do? I heard that yesterday. What did I do? Must have been Glenn Hills. Yeah. What his guest today is going to be the cup of day 2D. What the hell does that mean? Was you want to be the cup of day 2D? Seriously? With a mafia, they have all these different titles. The cup of day regime and the cup of day 2D and the conciliary. And maybe we can get a lesson today for the audience. Maybe some, remember we had the first time when we had what's your name on? Sam G. and Connors daughter Antoinette on the phone. The second time when she was here in a studio, we got no response for the first time was amazing. Got all these mafia people calling him. Really? They were all the way. They all lived down here. I lived my show. It was great. Yeah, they loved it. And they just homes down here. Yeah, over there in, what is it, golden beach? Sure. Of course. And we appreciate all of you listening. We're thrilled to have you. Maybe we ought to do the rest of the show for the mafia today. It was an air heaven some rough time. We like to share things with people who are going through rough times in life. Let's take a call from Pembroke Pines while you're here and see if they're more upset about you, the mafia, or the smoke eater. Hello. Are you there? I'm Pembroke Pines this appeared. North Miami. Hello. No? Yes. Morning, how are you? Okay. I'm calling about... I'm calling about... Hello? Yes. I'm calling a reference about the V-Motage in a tomato ab here. You're wrong. Yeah. But now the station is listening to you. I'm a hater, and I do listen to you, and I don't take anything personal. Good. Well I told them that all the hater is listening to the show. He didn't want to believe? I enjoy listening to him because for anybody say it doesn't bother me. What do you think about that contrived thing that took place here on a weekend? All those people dragged out here didn't even know what what station this was. Even took it first. I mean if they know that it's not them, they're kind of even bothered. You know, if they came out here, then it proved that it was, you know, that they're proven what's done whenever you said was true. Exactly. That's a very good point and every thought of that. Yeah. Yeah. I listen to every morning and I go to work listening to you and whatever anything said, I have to do with all the near bit. Yeah, that's an old American saying, you know, if the cat fits, kill it. Okay, you have a good saying. You too. Thank you. That's great. That's a good call. Oh, yeah. That was a good call. I agree. We have a lot of nice Haitian people out there listening to this show. Sure. Nacre, you're right. Downtown Miami. Hello. Hello, how you doing? Okay. I, I'm comfortable. Who does the Vatican Wagon and is it available on record? Yes. Yes. Oh, Tom Lair, LAHR, RER. And it's on an album called That Was The Year That Was. It's on Reprise Records. R. E. P. R. I. S. E. And if, um, Peaches can order it or any big record store if they don't have it, they can order it. Okay. I can do that. Also, um, I have a special request for that, um, a week. A rock that I called out from under by a Tammy special. And he face special request. Yeah. That. When I while I'm looking for it, I want you to, uh, reprise. Yeah. That's what I always call reprise, not on pre-s. I always called it. Oh, get out of here. Re-free. While I'm looking for that, I want you to tell me which one is annoying you the most. Now, the sound of the, uh, sparkle, the crackler. The Tackle. I can't hear the, uh, the mosquito thing. Yeah. The mosquito fryer. Yeah. That's a great thing about it. It kills bugs in the studio. It's a good thing. Well, that's because we had all these patients come out here on Saturday. We're only kidding. Now, that's just a joke. Just a joke. The guy had, I think he had two wives of four cats. What? There was some guy in your city with four wives and two cats or two wives of a. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I remember that guy. But I got any of the strange. I was going to call up, uh, I wonder if the godfather is cute up again, or if it's. I always take my life in my hands when I open that pot. I really do. Well, listen, you want to hear Tammy Fay, huh? Yeah, please. What does Tammy Fay do for you? Um, not much, really. Really? Really? Well, maybe she'd like to do some of the movie. Maybe you could go shopping in TJ Maxx with her one day. That's an idea. Okay. Have a great day, sir. You too, thank you. And a wonderful life. She's day when I wake up. I still have a home. I make her and see a lot of friends for you. Finally, but 10 records said you've been waking for. Tammy Fay's unbelievable new album. Here's the rock. I crawled out from under. I put six. Eight tons of makeup on. Then my husband does it with kiss, the cup home. Oh, bed of four cold and go out with. A ball's from nail down boots and pee. He's all here. The headache, the headache, the pain gauge. Rock a vagus, he's my face. My mascara won't be raised. Tammy Fay's here's the rock. But I crawled out from under. Won't you buy my new album? If you tell your burning hail, you feel it way else. Thank you, God bless you. Are you okay? Glenn is girdling. He's making girdling sounds now. Usually he cackles, but during the playing of that, he was making girdling sounds. Before he leaves the studio, he's going to tell us the name of that to this jerk. Oh, yeah, I have to do that. Has nicknamed her husband's genitals, Herman and McBeans. Also, we want to promote a new show on Zeta since they are after all our sister station. They have that little segment of her day called the Soul Patrol. And I hear through the grapevine. I haven't confirmed it that they have a new segment today. And I'm not sure I really understand what it's all about. It's called the whole patrol. That's coming on Zeta at about one o'clock. So that ought to be a real winner. Pembroke Pines, hello. One in nail. How you doing? Okay, first time call it. Nello is wondering if you received something in the mail called the PHS formula. Yes, I did. I mean, for winning at the track, I haven't my car as a matter of fact. Okay, I'm the fellow who sent it to you. Well, I tell you, now I know in the beginning you said on there that system that it seems pretty bizarre and I will say that it does. I just glance at it and I don't know. I have my doubts. Does it really work? Well, it works for me for about years. Really? Are you not working? You just to go to the track? No, I don't even go to the track anymore. I'm a flimmer owner and breeder who developed this system. And now I'm living selling this system. And I haven't North of a lot of testimonials. North of a lot of people like that and I want to know if you've given it a dot. Well, I'll tell you. I'm so desperate these days. Next time I go out to call to Raul, I'll give it a try. Well, please do. I think you'll be very happy when it's- Good. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Okay. Well, now anybody who can't hear the sound of that smoke eater has got to be deaf. Guy on the phone said he couldn't hear it. Well, he was deaf. It's incredible in here. It's real out in here. I've to go out and listen on my radio out in the office and see if I can hear it. What do you mean if you can hear it? That's the monitor you're listening to now, dummy. That's not it. That's the monitor. It's real loud. No. It's loud. What did that mean? It's so- What was that? What kind of a non-secretor was that? Kind of a moronic statement was that. I'm the king of non-secretors. Yeah. Or something close. Listen to that. Now what do you people in the audience do about the militant non-smokers in your office? Or in your home? Or in your restaurant? What did the disgusting sound? Yeah, woman called into say she can hear it. Good. And she doesn't even have a radio one. So in the neighborhood? Exactly. Somebody who was out there for that rally for that Santa Rear ritual on Saturday. By the way, they're still selling souvenirs from Saturdays get together. They have to stand major voodoo dolls that they're selling out in the quarter of two-seventh-in-a-pom. Okay, a man in a mobile phone. No, a man in plantation. That's close. That's just as good. Man in plantation said that there is a terrible buzz on the radio on the air. Yeah. He's probably got a terrible buzz from what he's smoking over there in plantation. He's probably out there clearing the ground for that new shopping center that nobody wants to tell us about. Oh, that's just enough to drive you nuts. And you notice they've just abandoned us now. It's like they've left that in here. And Gary Lawrence comes in. Oh, the girls are getting sick in the office. Their eyes are tearing. I try to explain them. That's only on payday. It's only when they open up those checks. Your eyes would tear too. You saw that. And he haven't ended up even find a lot of humor in that. I don't know. He didn't? No. He gave me some kind of a signal. I think it meant your number one or something. Yeah. Yeah. Middle finger? What made me nervous was when Richard Van Hook came in here and you told him it was Arcing. Yeah. And he ran away from it. That's our chief engineer folks. He ran away from the smoke either. He went. It was. And you ran out of here. So like a maniac. Because he and the he and Mark Griffin are running up and down the hall screaming in shot right now. One in question or in doubt. Run in circles. Screaming shot. That's our slogan here at Wins. That's what's brought us to this position. The prominence in the South Florida radio market. Exactly. In fact, when they have their corporate board meetings. That's what Bob Gilbertson gets up and says in Portland main. When in question or in doubt. Run in circles. Screaming shot. When he got his radio jammed up. Miami. Hello. The audience up and let them feel like. Yeah. That's good. Like they're right here in the studio with us. It's copy of a letter. Well, it's addressed to me. So I can read it on the air. I have two copies. A one hand delivered and one cent by certified mail and one by certified Dear Mr. Lawrence, we have been requested by our client Mr. Rick Shaw. To contact you in connection with the outrageous and the famiterry statements uttered on the air by your employee Neil Rogers during his radio broadcasts on June 13th, 1987 and June 15th, 1987. During the aforementioned broadcast, Mr. Rogers referred to our client as a Nazi on three separate occasions. Yeah. As you are aware, such references particularly in the South Florida area conjure up extreme emotion and hysteria to members of the listening audience. These statements are totally false and defamatory and made with malicious intent to defame Mr. Shaw in both his professional and personal life. We hereby demand and behalf of our client that both WI and Zian Mr. Rogers broadcast a retraction on the air in accordance with chapter 770 floor to statutes. In the event that a full retraction of said defamatory statements is not broadcast within 10 days of the date of this letter, we will recommend to our client to immediately institute litigation for the recovery of compensatory and punitive damages against WI and Zian Mr. Neil Rogers individually, Jan D. Atlas attorney. Here's another one. Wait a minute. Okay. Here's a third copy. Okay. I want to make sure it says all the same things before I begin my response. Yes. It's the same thing. So we have one, two, three strikes in your three copies of the letter from Coppela Witzanless, Perlone and Truff. Well, it's interesting. There are a lot of apologies and retractions being demanded here at Winsal last few days and there are a lot of very overly sensitive people in and out of the business who have no sense of humor whatsoever and certainly Mr. Shaw, aka Richard Hummel, is one of those. And all I can say, I want to get to my dictionary first. And I couldn't nitpick. I could really make a case here because I don't know Rick Shaw personally. I've never met the man. I would recognize him because he is bald with that silly blue hat. But I will say this that in the dictionary that I have the Webster's new collegiate dictionary, there are two definitions of Nazi. One capitalized, a member of German fascist party, etc. and so on. And I'm sure that the one with the capital in would be the one that would arouse the kind of emotion that the attorneys in this letter are referring to. The second one, not always capitalized, one held to resemble a German Nazi. And unfortunately, I've had the bad personal misfortune of coming in contact with several people who have worked with for or around as to Shaw. And they have been responsible for referring to them in such grotesque terms. Not having met him, it's certainly unfair for me to refer to them in that manner because I don't know him personally. Although I will say that when one looks up fascism, if we carry it from the second definition of Nazi with a small end, the second definition of fascism is a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong, autocratic or dictatorial control. So you see it really has nothing specifically to do with the Nazi party or swastikers or with that repugnant group of subhumans who are responsible for the extermination of so many millions of people. But naturally when you're listening on the radio, you can't tell when we say Nazi, whether we're indicating with a capital in or a small end. And I'm not going to do the base myself of the poem, I'm going to get into a semantical argument with the attorneys or Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel. Because that would be pointless. I am hereby giving a full total and absolute unconditional retraction of those scandalous remarks. I mean, it's very possible that those people who worked for Mr. Shaw have grudges to bear were misinformed, that those people could all have been mistaken, that they had a false impression, who am I to make that judgment? So I am absolutely positively, what happened to my lighter by the way? Somebody steal my lighter? Without a shadow of a doubt, giving at this small, a 1013 AM, June 17th, 1987, a full and total remark. In fact, I'll even go to the point of apologizing to Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel. For having made those remarks, they were in temperate and portased and very possibly incorrect. However, in my own personal opinion, I think that Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel is a douchebag, is a disgrace to the radio industry. Again, this is only my own personal opinion. I think that his brog, his phony brog on the air, his disgusting two minute talkups to records, the fact that he's doing things that he did 30 years ago on the air, our tasteless, our shameful. But again, that's only my personal opinion as a listener to wax he 105.9 an occasion. So again, on the one hand, I do offer a full apology and retraction of the comments, Mr. Shaw is not a Nazi, those comments should never have been made in the first place. But on the other hand, again, an only expressing a personal opinion, not trying to influence the audience in any way shape or manner. I do offer my strong personal opinion that when it comes to this industry, when it comes to broadcasting, when it comes to professionalism, when it comes to that ugly blue cap. Mr. Shaw aka Richard Hummel, perhaps is a douchebag in the broadest general sense of the term, while you're sitting here laughing and gurgling. I have no idea because this happens to be a very serious matter. Okay, is that enough said about that? You know, this we did the talk up on that record that was just in honor of Richard Hummel. And now seriously, if the man is offended and if he took it personally, I have the greatest, the sorrow and regret. And you know, what can I say? I mean, there's some people who just don't have any sense of humor. And what can we say that we haven't said before, right? We have a lot of question mark, me all this morning, don't we? A lot. So Mr. Shaw, we're sorry, I apologize, we retract it. For retraction, we have several witnesses in the building. We've made a full and total retraction. Mr. Shaw is not a Nazi. I have never seen his party card. I have no reason to believe that he holds one. Am I right? Have no reason to have said that? No, I take that back. I do have reason to have said it because I was unduly influenced by former Waxi employees who again may have been spreading malicious misinformation. Now those people, those people perhaps ought to be the targets of some kind of investigation for spreading that kind of malicious misinformation. I have a letter here. You want to talk about how bright the people in the audience are. We have a letter. Did we, we didn't we ask you to send a stamp self at rest envelope for the boon in the box pictures? Well, here's a guy who sent a stamp self at rest envelope. The only problem is you got his address raw. Now wait a minute, I want a, I want confirmation. I see that old pinhead up there is in the control room now. Was that sufficient or should we do it over again? It's James Hummel. All wait a minute. Okay. Now I got to do the whole retraction over again because I was given more misinformation by Glenn Hill of all people. What a disgrace. So to Rick Shaw, aka James Hummel. We offer our sincerest apology. We offer a forward traction. Those comments should never have been said. They were in temperate. They were in portase. The man is not a Nazi with a capital N. In spite of some of the scurrelous and scandalous remarks that have been made about him by former co-workers. I don't want to mention any names. Although one is standing very close to this studio right at the moment. I'm not mentioning any names. One just disappeared very rapidly from the news booth. So you see, it's, now there's a very good lesson to be learned in all of this. Don't be unduly influenced by sore losers. I mean, if there are people out there have an axe to grind with you, Rick, that's their problem. I don't know you. I haven't met you. I do think you're a douchebag on the air, but that has nothing to do with the Nazi party or any of this other scandalous stuff that's been said. And I fully and totally retract those scandalous scuralous remarks. They were defamatory, disgusting, and temperate. And I'm sorry. And if we had bremdily in our collection, I guarantee you I would play. I'm sorry by bremdily for the rest of the hour. I have no idea how to apologize sufficiently. To Rick Shaw, aka James Hummel. I mean, next time give me the right name. Would you please if you're going to give me some name? You are just a fountain of misinformation. In fact, I think most of the problem can be traced back to Glen Hill, who is a fountain of scuralous and scandalous misinformation. Who is a spore of untruths, who is a radio hatchet man, who uses his position at WINZ now to take out his personal rights with former employees and co-workers. And of course, that's Legion, legendary. On virtually every radio station in this market and even in Sarasota, we have certified male coming in next hour from Sarasota. Try to get Glen to retract some of the scuralous and disgusting remarks he's made about Marshall, more in Johnny Dark. And they will be reading those live on the in that extour. Anyway, this guy sends the envelope and it comes back. Address unknown. Okay, he's addressed the envelope. Okay, to get the picture a Pat Boone in the box. He's addressed the envelope. It's the wrong address. I mean, talk about a douchebag. I take it back. Rick Shaw isn't even a league with some of these people. Okay, you're okay, Rick. You really are. But cut out that phony bro. Will you please? And those four minute talk ups. He's the only guy I ever heard in my house is going to be a celebrity caller who will accept hopefully Glen's apology already a poli. Well, that wasn't good enough. I'm not going to do anymore. Where is she? Do you really want to talk to her? Yeah. If Kyle puts you on the air, let's put her on right away. If she'll speak to us. I've heard that Glen actually apologized for yesterday. And you're going to accept that weak apology? Well, I haven't heard the apology yet. Now is this true. First you have to confirm or deny it. I didn't hear it. Well, Glen. Now did we make nice nice one month ago? Well, let's not well wait a minute. Let's not get into that. I don't want to hear about making nice nice. I thought all of our little differences have been put aside. I don't even know what they were in the first place, obviously with him leaving and I was working together so long and so 40 year caught up in the middle of all of that. But I thought we had all of that smooth dad. I read we made up every month, you know, on on the on the first leg. Glen. True. Well, but do we have any differences now now? Tell the truth. No. Okay. So what is this yesterday that you're announcing that I have pet names for my husband's private parts? Does it everyone? I hope not. Is there any are there any women and the audience who have pet names for their husbands private parts? We should do a whole show out of that course. I think Stan should do that show. That'll be on the hormone show this afternoon. Dan will do that show. It's afternoon. All right. Well, like you truly sorry. Oh, sure. Well, now Neil, what we need to do is have Glen called Jeff and apologize to him. Why? Does he did he hear about it? Of course. Oh, God. Are you kidding? Everybody listen to this show. Don't you understand? What the world is listening. He's not mad that you made mention of this Glen. Why should he be? He's angry that you didn't get it right. It's big harm in. That's why you need to do all of that. Okay. Well, that's fair. I do apologize for that. You're absolutely right. I read. Okay. Now you stiff me on my mommy. Vice jacket. Where is that? I'm looking for the big tanky note for the $100 check. That's coming. You're going to stiff me here. No, it's on the way. Okay. Does it say big hermen on the jacket? No. Okay. You know, we don't need a name necessarily, but Well, I'm sorry. I got that wrong. We're getting a lot of misinformation and it has a picture. It's a picture. It's a jacket. Oh, that's right. It's a full on the back. Yeah, right. Okay. All right. So we're off. We're all squared away on that, but I'm going to off the air. Now we'll have to get you together with Jeff. Okay. Well, I don't want to hear about that. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm talking about that on Stanley. Maybe I'll show this isn't the hormone show. Okay. Feel and I wanted to tell you the best thing about my new hours. Thank heaven. They don't interfere with listening to you. Now he's sitting here with a breeze. A skeptical look on his face. Glenn doesn't believe you listen to the show. Oh, how absurd. Yesterday, right before I went on the air, you know, I'm running around doing here and getting in and out of the car. I'm going to have to get some of these stupid headphones that don't have wires connected to them. But I get in the car and hear you talking about you're going to get a gift certificate for it. tattoo that says, Herman for my husband and I'm thinking, are they talking about? And I had missed the room. No, it's going to say big Herman, the tattoo. Big Herman, right. I'm sorry. See here. I am going to. You ought to see where you have to put it though. Forget it. No tattoos. No tattoos. Okay, you guys. So we're squared away. Don't look at me, Irene. I just, I'm an innocent bystander in all of this. Okay. It's this chronic troublemaker, this radio misfit that's causing all of these problems. Well, if it's truly okay, I'm going to come and give Glenn a good thrashing. Good. It's not okay. I won't. Well, we're going to take a quick vote on that. Every hand in the building gives you permission. Everybody wants to do that. Glenn, I've got some new BB pictures for you. This is like it might be a pleasant encounter. Bring the whip, the chain and the BB case pictures, and the Glenn will be in his glory. Okay. Give a call when you can. Okay. Say hi to Tweety Bird from your big Herman, whatever it is. Okay, Irene. There she goes. Pretty pleasant call. Yeah, you know, considering now when Rick Shaw calls in a couple of process, what are you laughing about? Ricky Tickie might call in. Here he's got a good sense of humor. He does. Well, maybe he can call up and do some record intros for you. Exactly. He can do a talk up to our next break. Woohoo. Woohoo. Oh, Neo. Woohoo. The Beatles. Sunrise. I'd like to have a look. It's just a day in Hollywood that he might be bad. But it's still no good. Ever leaving a copy. Maybe this is your book. Butter Christmas Day. Not the people's eyes. They'll hope they need a goal. Hey, what's that? What are you talking about? I'm a fiddle band. You understand? I'm a businessman. I don't have to be funny. I just think of money I'm laughing all the way to the bed Give it another million I think I'm back It is a big treat You I'm not jumping damage. I'm a superstar and I'm a businessman. That's why I'm a big in-air Here we have this just in from the wind's news department by his advice president They just arrived and the county manager greeted him at Miami International Airport Hey, OZ, I have to go shopping downtown from my morris. He needs some tortillas and chili pepper If you believe this douchebag bushy comes in here on taxpayer expense this trip Allegedly you know to participate in the ceremony with the names and so on and so forth in the streets and it's nothing more than another political Pandering trip that's all it is and we're paying for it The one thing I wonder about though. Why is everybody so angry today? Everybody's angry. They're all They're all worked up into a frenzy today. What the hell happened? Was it the Bernard Gets verdict that everybody whipped up into a frenzy has that kind of given us the green light as Don starter would say to let out all our frustrations And now I continue to steal Rogers music sweet one song It arose three minutes of continuous music music Well, I was driving down I 95 the other night Somebody nearly cut me right off the road I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get man I wrote a song about them instead It goes like this Or you Get your whole life Either went work that by Cause you're an asshole tonight Yes, you're an A S S H O L E Don't you try to blame it on me You These are all the credits You're an asshole We're an asshole yesterday You're an asshole tonight I've got a feeling You'll be an asshole the rest of your life Sorry I was talking to you mother just the other night I told her I thought you were an asshole she said yes I think you're right And all your friends are asshole because you know that you're whole life And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life Where you born an asshole or did you work at your whole life Either way, it worked out fine because you're an asshole Holds in the eyes Okay, that's an honor of the El Vice President is visit to sound florida last night For all the people that were backed up at 630 in traffic last night We want to send that out. Now there's nothing wrong with that record. Is there anything wrong with that? Of course not open his mic for just a minute. Get your watch He's timing you again. No, you want to send that out to all the people the bureaucrats of Cox broadcasting Because we're dedicating our entire show today to them I mean forget about El Vice Presidente he's small potatoes compared to all those wonderful bureaucrats at Cox broadcasting man They are really something wonderful folks to work for right skip and Jim Skip permanent and Jim McBean are scheduled to be the guests on the stand major show today And by the way, stand your taste in music is just terminal I mean that Elvis cut yesterday Get rid of it get serious Himongous grotesque nausea it was the worst racket ever it was just noise Your speechless you're right Okay, let's find out let's see if anybody in the audience enjoyed the record that we played that's number three already on the wins hit paray Is it really let's see if there are people in the audience especially those who are frustrated of driving on i95 Yeah, who will enjoy their record it to do something for you did a good little your frustrations out of your system Look at that there they go record breaker. I think we just did it in three seconds The stimulus meal ruggers commercial sweet three commercials in a row without music or phone call and a russian a 94 w i n c Well, I like it Great boy. We ever get three I And I'm gonna tell you something it is unbelievable okay, you're ready. Are you standing up or are you sitting down? I want to make sure build callters awake. Should we call them and wake him up sure? Thanks, oh, okay wait a minute Yeah, I want to make sure that he's awake to hear this anything to bother the guy, you know I'm just kidding. Yeah, all you got to do is talk that bothers you That's right, bothers everybody. Let me talk to him No, I don't want you spreading out the rumors Hello, are you asleep? Okay, turn on w i n z right now. Okay, okay. Now Poor caller he's getting all that you got to call yesterday at 10 to four it is house saying turn on i o d right now turn on the right Right, and now he gets his call from me saying turn on i n z immediately if not sooner We have to worst alert alarm just by itself. No, which we did. That would be great The new lineup at the wonderful aisle of dementia I want you to give it Michael in the morning and with with Ms. Peyton right, yeah, Mike Renery with Miss litigation. Yeah in the morning 10 to two 10 to two Are you standing up or sitting down ladies and gentlemen of the listing audience? It's first name's John Bob. That's good very good. That's good. How done count on Glenn to give you the straight poop text text McQueen McQueen From 10 to two who had never done a talk show in his life They found him in a 711 store in Austin, Texas About two months ago brought him in to do overnight's on a weekend. His first guest was Bob kunst is our week And he's going to be doing this is only a rumor. Yeah, I want to get my can't that he to upset But it's only a rumor that the text McQueen is going to be attended to got back great actually. Yeah, you know they're real good And he can do get some of those kiss list news over Nio D And oh, I'm Tony. I just can't believe it. That would stiff competition like that. I may have to go to another market You know like when Dixie yourself. I mean talk about stiff competition, right? And then of course, what's his name back here? Major's going to have to go up against Michael Dissisto He has to look like it all those rest and all those professional rest. There's always Steve O. Two to six And of course, so what can we say that hasn't been said then after about 40 hours of sports talk, Carter will come on and have to put all the pieces together. Good like the bill. They need him. They need him desk Oh, you better believe it. I hope he stays boy. Do they need him? Yeah, yeah, no idea. Oh, text McQueen I need to fight for the Montreal Royals and he holds an international league with Tom LaSorta. Text McQueen. Yeah, okay. Well, listen, Mike. It's been nice knowing you and Bob Richie course. So we certainly wish him the best of luck. He wears nice three piece suits and never met a you know never met a broadcast or he didn't like And never told a story that was untrue. Look at that 2.3 for GTR and that was with Herman and McQueen on the air. Can you imagine what it's going to be now that they're bringing in a short order cooks from the restaurant stood on 79th street Unbelievable. It's incredible. What's happening in his market folks. It's a then ravling. It's yeah, it's coming apart at the seams. I'm a species. It's you. I may have to just sit here in breathe hard for the next hour. Oh, boy. You know it would be great if they could get Brian Norcross to do the weather on his show. Well, what do you think about that? Well, I think the weather will be really good. I think you said it's because we today. Well, it's good partner. Now let's talk to Bob Cunce. Bob, what do you think about eat Bob? Oh, boy. Oh, man. I heard that Rick Weaver is in such a stereo. He's taking a shower right now. Yeah, you're making that big news. That's big news. Rick Weaver taken to here. You're making wild out of it. Yeah, you went too far. Maybe the story was he went to the coast. He wasn't using it. Oh, boy. I can't believe this. Thanks, McClake. Oh, boy. He could do some of those bulllakel spots. He could be JJ moves. Maybe Mike McKay's looking for work. The two of them could do it to man show. Oh, God. I can't believe this. Can this really be happening in this market? This isn't a market. This is like what is that? Yeah, right. Texas first guess will be a beef jerky or a lady jerky from Calder. One of the other old pecs going to be doing a remote from you. Tell them the first day. Hey, let's do one from over here by the jar pickle eggs. What's the go back where they found them? I'm late. Where was the scuff? Oh, let's let's examine the lineup. Okay, because we've got one. We've got one. I can't now. They all sound alike. Didn't I tell you that there was a trend? I always pick up on these things first. I told you about a month ago on this show. There was a new trend developing in talk radio in South Florida and the South had to be in fact when Ryan Norcross gets his own show then you'll know we've gone full sight. Everybody has to say I'll come like this. They have a whiny scranchy voice and maybe we started there with Daffy. Maybe I got an idea. Maybe Daffy could go to work with Bill Tanner on that scratch station. Scratch talk. And they can hire Glenn Hill to be your sidekick. They call laughing and scratching. We get an 80 share. How do you know, staffy? I can't believe this. I'm coming on glue here. What's good thing I'm going to be eye doctor. So I can see straight after this show. I'm talking about your cock. Pardon the expression. I can't believe it. Let's think about cock. Yeah. Let's look at that picture of the fish over there. I just can't handle this folks. Can this really be happening for real? Why? Tex McLean. Oh boy. Mike Anthony. The assassin strikes again ladies and gentlemen and Sandy by the way has been gagged. Yeah. Yeah. That's a picture of it right there. She won't talk about it. I'm so scared. If you could see it's a good thing we didn't describe the picture. Wait. Wait till you see this picture. I think that's a dolphin isn't it? Yeah. It looks like Jim Mandage is a matter of fact. Anyway. She's not she in a return. He's of course. I'm the Q to you know. She's not allowed to give any more of the truth. Maybe a few little lies or something like that. But no more of the truth on the earth. So if they're in the market that wants to know what's really going on. They can to in over right here at 9.40 on their AM dial. That's right. As they say in the Sun Sentinel 79. Right. We have a letter dressed to that exactly. But I was probably from Bill Kelly. You're right. Oh boy. If you'd like to cancel a Harold here at the numbers in the day. In the county 302,000 getting close to Father's Day and then Broward 462 3000. I think Glen Hill. I think a lot of you make it your wish in this hour. I think he made this girl off into like a little puddle of Gurgle at the bottom of the table here by the end of the hour. He's just cackling and girly and bubbling like E.T. You know, and they may go down the drain. We've been talking about. Oh, it's incredible. What's the guy's last name? McQueen McQueen McQueen. Or maybe it's McQueen. Maybe it's Joe McQueen from the weekly news. Do you think that's possible? No. Maybe he has a Texas accent with a lift. Hey there. Good buddy. Oh my god. Let's go down hang out at 7.11. Oh, boy. I can't believe it. I do hear he's doing a first show side saddle. Okay. That's going to be a steam song. Gene Oxrie's back in a saddle again. 117 at W.I. and Z. Let's do a desperately needed time out. Look on right back. It's hot and stuff in a new morning. Okay. Can you help me out here? Can I like shave my armpits? It's much better here. How about a moha? The show that takes the most talked about issues of the day. Okay. So like on today's show, we got this gay priest, the transvestide teacher, and the bisexual cop. So guys, hey, do you think I could fit a grimey in my belly button? It's flashy. It's flashy. It's Madali here. The talk show with only one topic. What's up, mate? So what do you think? Should I wear the crucifix in my ear? Or like take my stockings off and tie the run my hair? My god, I do. He's desperately seeking attention. Come on guys, help me out. Okay. Tenawaited W.I. calls checking his watch. Checking the, he's got one of those. Not second hands, but like hundreds of a second. Now we want you to understand that we're not putting this creature on here here to participate in the show. But he just is bringing more news. We want to recap to his old role on gloves 94. Whatever it was that they called him. Yeah. Got some better to it. Okay, let's set this up now. Okay. That was taped at 441 yesterday at a very important meeting at WNWS. We always like to report on these important radio meetings. Exactly. We gave you first the new lineup of WS news before it happened. We gave you the departure of Mike Miller before it happened on the air. We told you that Sandy was in limbo and litigation. Okay. We're just hallucinating here, but our hallucinations seem to come true. They denied it and denied it and soon or later it happened. Bingo. L'abamba as Richie Vailons would have said. You could be here to sing to us today. Maybe we could get the Shirley McClain to get Richie Vailons to sing a little later in the show. We could get a little chance to do a little shantilly lace for Mike Thompson. Okay. So anyway, they had this very major meeting over at WS News. And the consultants were there and all the other guns and officers are the big shots. Dennis Collins, the big guy and we follow calls him. The big guy. That's so big. I've seen it. And what else? Well, you heard the show that Alice did a couple of weeks ago where he was complaining about Mike Thompson. And he was talking about the way he was talking about Mike Thompson. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that AIDS victims should have a tattoo. Yeah, I mean, he's William F. Buckley. Let's say a crime routine. Put an A on there arm or something. Yeah. And this really upset. Maybe we got to put an A on one of Mike Thompson's arms and H on the other arm. Because there certainly those are the two propelion initials. That's amazing. Interesting. Right. Just a coincidence. It might be humble. Yeah. And thought about that. No, you haven't thought about that. Anyway, you heard the show and I heard the show and if you were writing a call. Or Ow was very upset that Mike advocated this and and Ow called him a Nazi on the air. Many times, right? So Mike is very upset that I'll did that. And he burst in to the meeting. Okay. End of the meeting. Kind of like a German shepherd and he. Yeah, German shepherd. Yes. And they were screaming at each other about this. That's what I hear. So I don't know. Ow, of course, was talking about this on the area yesterday. So this is no secret. They're finding cats and dogs if you're putting that expression. To the nail. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, Mike didn't know it. But our wind's news team never to be outdone. Had a little hidden microphone in that meeting. And when Mike burst in the middle of that meeting, we have some of his in tempered remarks. We feel it cost it. Same mark. One day's head in Zalta. So they're just a little recording from yesterday's big powo or bowo. The over it to W's news. Man, I'm telling you, this market is just to go in a hell and a hand basket. Okay, shut his mic off immediately. Okay, we're almost at the end of this hour. Let's get a call from Fort Latterdale. One more team. One more team.