Hello, you're good morning. It's the Neil Rogers show on WZTA, Miami Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and the Palm Beach is Good morning, Neil. What's Gary Hart doing tonight? And crying minds watching firing minds read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space It's on the hairls. It's Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man. It's in the hairls John Kennedy sleeping with Max Hibber. It's in the hairls It's Jim Baker about to get birth to Jerry ball vels baby. That's in the hairls sex sex More hot sex. Oh, it's in the hairls. Husk Gary Hart's amazing rice diet from Florida a crossword puzzle that has no answer our own Pulitzer prize is just for us. I'd pop some other set of Neil Rogers and we're so sorry uncle Albert But we haven't heard of bloody thing all day mindless babbling rhetoric. It's Alan the latest issue The Miami hero available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere and we're finer maneuver is friend Okay, I want to make sure that the people of the hero knew right off the bat. We weren't gonna waste any time in order to say And those of you who go out and get your waterlog news paper this morning. You know pick it up and throw it around a little bit get upset with it Do nasty things with the hairl this morning. How you doing? 559 it's eight of four on a beautiful Monday morning. What a great way to start the week right? Legion lettuce here and the Mr. Bird is here Captain Dave is in the other room. Mr. Sports. Oh, he captain Dave. Well We just made him captain Dave and this is the old watermelon man Maybe I didn't waste any time the watermelon man is here and We're gonna be doing it every morning six to ten In fact we're doing it right now, but don't tell your neighbors about it now Kirk Cameron is how old today 17 boy Boy, oh boy, I've tell you one thing. He's like hell. Don't think they sound awful. You know, those headphones Yeah, those are just awful. I would never use oh boy I would never use them. Let's get some good equipment and hear max get serious. Would you please? I mean this is un Belienable right You went on a minute early. I noticed I know this is a well precedent by the way the rumor has it and I don't want to get anybody panicked But the rumor has it that there are a whole bunch of morning people in the market this morning The came in early. Yes, I drove down the 79 street cause we're Herman and McBean were there at 430 this morning Oh my gosh, it must have spent the night there. I saw it. What was name Herman's pickup truck Chevy pickup out there and and McBean. He doesn't have a first name does it? No, just McQueen just McQueen Yeah, this is all a coincidence that they all came in early on another South Florida co-incidence You know there's so many of them look at that there. Couple of lines flashing already. We just barely not even six It's not even six 30 seconds pass six on Zeta four. I want you to give a lot of time check. Okay And I'd like to enjoy me being here on time by the way now You know on the old show I always came in five 10 15 20 minutes late, right? We always have always Fashionably late. So that's the way it's gonna be on this show. We don't want to change that But I came in early today because you like the way I shut off the cart punch there in the middle of the hero I want to get all the scrubs out of the way in the first day nobody is gonna pay any attention Anyway, no, look at that. I'll wait a minute. It's Dave already answering phones Can you believe that he's so efficient that's right? He's already in a ranchering to phone. This liking those. What do you do it? Yeah I don't know I don't know a nail about your phones over on the other side But never answer the deadlines here ever ever under any circumstance because oh because it's just like all I hate a lot of hate. Yeah I got my first hate call here Saturday as a matter of fact Scott was in there and he was enjoying the call Which got me very upset Wait till he comes in and they and finds out the story and I'm saying What's the story? Wait a while break it on the air, you know Anyway, the number is gonna be and you probably want to write this down on the restroom walls all around town five five oh nine four Have you got that so far five five oh nine four nine oh 94 90 and that's of course because the 94.9 Is he's either a member of the excellent? Yeah, we have our noi men mics boy It's a We sound it a lot better your sounds better than mine Well a lot better. That's no accident. Yeah, right sure it's yours I'm serious. You sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah, but you're says Zeta I want to tell you the watermelon man his his voice is so deep that even without the mic He's got a resume He didn't even in the mic I can just bear my yeah to the point where I said oh my So we're all top 40 DJs and we have no hearing You have any idea what power there is here sitting here I could blast you guys into the next room into the AM It's the AM of fate worse than death and by the way a little later on we have a sample of the new format on AM I saw them sitting go did you walk in and say hi to Mike and our lean I walked in I looked at our lean and she said The most incredible thing Now, there's our first mistake or the second there was no mistake What happened she said the most incredible thing and I'm not gonna do it now just because of you can you say kinky Hey listen there a whole this is a whole new deal here. You know No, what do you want like a 20 share on the first morning? No, you out of your mind why should this show over here being any different than the one we did on AM all screwed up Yeah, of course by the time like by the end of the first week we'll have all of this equipment like degenerated to the level of the crap that we used over there No, I know that Arlene and Mike are gonna do great and sure Why was Mike wearing black this morning? By the way, do you know to Santa? I've never seen him do that before Johnny Cash in the 604 at Zeta video Roger show setting new lows in the history of FM and of course a lot of these pain in the ass callers are gonna Say well where's the music Where's pink Floyd in the door Man, play pink Floyd dude. Yeah, dude. You know like we'll play a little music when we're good and ready You know when we feel like it then we'll play some music one thing I will say I'm white awake You know why cuz I never never felt asleep I know in the beginning well I must have for a little one, but in the beginning like you panic You know like you're afraid you're not gonna wake up the first morning. Yeah, and you keep rolling over it looking at the clock I know and it's like 130 and then it's like 10 to one and all of a sudden it's like 220 and you just keep looking at the clock I'm a sudden it's 430. Yes, yeah, I got to get out. Yeah, so you don't think you really slept Glenn tell us your excuse for getting up late this morning. He was don't know He already has my alarm clock dropped off. Yeah, all right overnight We take like some of these calls. I'm excited about oh, yeah For if I remember where the hell they come in on here says phone phone What would help yeah? It's probably on this one here try that one that says phone it doesn't say phone What is it the how about the phone is way over here. Hey, listen. I wasn't even close Okay, if you want to play it What did you turn on the idea? Any idea this is fun don't you understand it's like playing with a new toy okay now, which one should we take first? Just like to look at this Captain Dave is already given us the finger like hey Let's get that breakfast club back on man. You're number one come on Captain Dave gets serious. Okay number two now wait a minute. This is serious now. This is our first call Okay, we'll be nice. Okay, and Dave County know less is that okay, Lee fine fine. Oh, uh hello A voice it sounds like grandpa. It's our lowest It's the island queen it is isn't it island queen can you say King You've been up all night waiting what happened to that Peter Moon a must have been like riveting you've been talking to Peter all night, huh? What kind of a show do you think this is island queen Look she's alive This is our kind of caller you bet Thank you That's it now wait a minute. Oh come on Just like nothing about Now wait a minute island queen. Are you always used to get two nervous to talk to us on A. M right? You would you would call you'd be on the screen and before we could get to you'd be two nervous So yeah, really is so he talked to us on the air and we're thrilled Well if anybody would know island queen you're the guy and by the way I'll inquie her and it is some postman the other day to restaurant and they wanted to thank you very much for those posters You sent to the Carroll City post office Okay, listen have a wonderful day in a great life, okay, and if we don't see you soon, I read the earth You know the island queen Yeah, no, I don't really get familiar isn't Carroll City lovely at four thirty in the morning perfect. I'm serious Why don't we can I ask you a dumb question? How come the dating brown lines are all out of that dumb vocal line? We pay so much money. I thought that was gonna be a big bonus We gotta make that clear that in Boca you can call toll free same number wisdom as well Yeah, try it's other at least Southern part of West Palm County Yeah, should I give the number cuz I don't like giving these numbers you know that not just it's yeah Both people who used to once the first day five five oh dash Thanks Glenn Is he pathetic or what Is he is he tragic with the Boca line is ringing okay, are you excited and I'm gonna tell you what now Let's take one from Broward cuz we took one from Dave you're gonna get in the rest of the number take calls for this early in a morning six I Dash 94 90 you know the best part of this is what was that number again? This is scary isn't completely Boy, okay, thank you Captain Dave. It says turn up the damn phone Okay So the phone isn't so hot all right? Boy, what a maniac he's gonna be getting a soul week. You know that he's gonna be getting a soul week long and Look at that he's got his Jeff Chase Voodoo doll in there the man is a maniac he's went out of his mind Broward County good morning You be there. Oh there it is hello Yeah, yes, sir. Hello Oh First Broward call I knew it be excellent. How you doing? Go go add your back on the air after a long absence Just barely Get some heavy guests in here. How about they they think her do they float? What does she come in she's the first guest on Wednesday? Yeah, the thinking float lady. How about your sir, do they think her do they float? They float not as much as I've resoked but close Oh, well listen nobody's and I by the way You know that Lee had a big summer book the biggest in the history of Zeta so far two big ones in the afternoon couple of me. Yeah two huge ones in the afternoon Something like that this in bird yes, a lot of good people come into the south or the areas from entertainers like You missed David Brunner you could have had David Brenner on the show. What would we do with them on the show? Oh, look Neil is a comedian Neil is a genius. So why do you need another comedian? Well, we're not wait a minute. We're not gonna be doing that's not your way you're way no matter Wait a minute. We're not we're not gonna have those comedians coming in here. Are we oh? I hope no, no pink Floyd's gonna be here. Number one day Look at Captain Dave. Yeah, you're gonna have comedians lots of comedians because he's got all these people booked that we don't know about Well, we'll go put them with our leanest right Trust me this is strictly sabotage trust me. I know what's going on in that other room He really is he knows his whole life is hanging on this. Yes, so could I speak to Neil? He says well you've been half the whole dawn. I don't know where they're going with this morning Yeah, really what do we don't either? I'm dead right up to Opalock is better fact the post office Now all of a sudden it doesn't sound so bad. I think the first few minutes like I'm in a long out of my system Exactly learning how to use the phones What do you mean learning how to use the phone? It's a different system You really have to do something besides cackle on the air come on sir and L No, you don't get on him sir If we covered with feathers from head to toe Sir, it's just me. It's working well so far. Let's not agree this. Okay. We got a full board of calls at 6.10 in a morning Let's not just how I slept the time and they're very cleverly right? Time check you on Zeta 4 You have to do that between every call. Yeah, thanks All of a sudden it's been great, but I think you're out of material sir. Bye. Have an oh First was good. Yeah, we said goodbye first power calls are complained. We want to thank our friends Are they still our friends over at the hot 105? Oh, yeah, is that a first by the way? Is that the first time other call letters have been mentioned on Zeta? Oh, no, oh, no, we talk about it all day. Do you really? Oh, yeah Between every other record we'll see like another other station. I'm all letters on the year Okay, she she We're gonna need good she dies. We're gonna play We're gonna play heat. We're gonna play heat these are really and yeah You want to put you up a little bit that's the only reason Lee is in the on the show by the way We wanted to butcher things up a little bit because on FM You know you can't be quite as far as on AM anyway What I think Dan McKay Maryland love blonde and Jim Skyler are good friends at hot 105 for sending over those poison bananas this morning Exactly what I request and I want to give you a little hint is who's gonna be testing the first one, okay? I'll speak speaking of the first one here comes Isn't that amazing how that works on a speaker phone? That's what it sounds bad our first Palm Beach call hello Good morning, I just want to know where we can focus on listening to you. Well turn over go back to sleep soon I wish that could I gotta go to work them? We're all getting ready to go to work. I all the radios that switched over back to FM again Great, this one let you know we in both of it Look at boy to listen to you show on FM in fact the bird even sounds better on FM Well now let's not go crazy. Okay, you know I really you may not get as many complaints on the bird now He's got a good voice on FM. Well wait a minute. Let me ask you so because it's kind of a rainy We got this hurricane business and all the other stuff. It's like the FM isn't crackling and popping and You're real smooth Right boy this exciting or what? Okay, well listen, thanks a lot. I realize you know you gotta get to work The routine you have a wonderful life plus so he didn't have much to say anyway, but you know the weird things They can actually hear us inside buildings on the FM, you know we're gonna have to get used to that superman Can I do that first What's that all I should have done that right at the top and show okay this sounds so good wait till I figure out which machines are like then We're then it's gonna be a killer, okay? That's gonna be great. All right. Are you ready for this? Yes, sir. So we have like a big fanfare or something now. Let's just let's just go right into it. It's a good time for the great taste Oh I can't believe I went 13 minutes without that. I am blown away 13 after six on Zeta Ford 94 point no you're gonna let him say that of course. Oh you're gonna do the right story No, I don't do that part. Oh as much too complicated You realize that he's already said more in 13 minutes and he said in the last six months Six months it's incredible. He'd I just sat there and I'd figure out how much I get paid per word It was it all right, so how many complaints have we had No music I Can't believe it. Okay, I think what we're gonna do about six You try to control yourself. This is the big time now. You can't act like a jackass like on the AM. Oh I can't okay How many of you so far am I here? All right, we are gonna do something a little specialist morning, which will be repeating in fact One thing I learned it's great about a morning show is And I learned it from good old friend of yours to you can keep repeating the same crap over it over and over again You're recycling audience. You don't understand like recycled bit six 30 all 20 of these people be gone You have another 20 people at 6 30. That's true and in its 6 30 we can start doing the same stuff We done before I was gonna make that call. Does this line work? That sound like it. Oh this one oh It works Whoops, what do I got to do dial line yeah Just relax for there you go Now, these fonts don't work. I'm telling this is new font system We dial along distance now Yeah, we are you don't have a dial one that's right. You don't have to dial one just the area Wait a minute hold it now there hold it that's the signal for your long-distance access. Oh boy You want to put your eye in what is it? Would you dump it after I tell you we dump it please after I hear all we got to put it in now? Yeah, wait a minute Ooh listen to that you have one to hold building your shaker I use Gary Lawrence's access now for long distance. Oh, I'll show to I. Okay, everyone here comes now Oh Can you say kinky that was a 976 kinky Something like that. I'm just curious somebody just waking up, you know it's 16 and a morning on a Monday morning This is what they're into now right this could be a whole new format That's so safe save that number okay. Yeah, save it for me What I like best about some of these mission the lights light up some of them don't light up It's like kind of like pot lock. Exactly. Great. That's the idea. Okay. Now you're gonna be doing it about four minutes and 20 seconds Gonna keep everything very tight, man or you know the lamp light update on Floyd and update on Floyd is that pink Floyd or one It sounds like a real wimpy hurricane. I think what do you think of when you think of the name Floyd Floyd the barber and In Andy Griffith. Yeah, of course me too. Not as bad as a West Coast. They have where they have hurricane Ramon Ramon Ramon It should have been reversed. I think we should have had Ramon and For something the Midwest might get hit with yeah, but there's no reason to panic like an Iowa No reason to paint nice as you start picking an Iowa don't start with that Great idea now you know I was born and raised in Florida and my parents. You start me care well My point is my parents you so always tell me about the when these storms came up and there's something for you to remember if you're not from here They're only wind and rain. There's no reason to panic is my point. We're just gonna have a rainy windy day The voice of reason here ladies and gentlemen everything's fine. Yeah, every just fine Just relax. Okay. Let's call up Neil Franken see we can get everybody panicked Just a joke he's in Houston. He's doing great no problem. Okay, we got all these calls sitting here I feel guilty should we take another one? Captain Dave on wild guilty. Okay, Dave County good morning Welcome to Zated 94.9 three two Are you doing? Oh, I came to play Speak up sir I called was to tell you that on my radio I couldn't be sure that I had the right station I heard Donald and his good buddy over there But I wasn't positive until I heard CCR then I knew I actually Yeah, that did it. Yeah, we we do that so you make sure you're tuning in what you have to get up like according to six in the morning You're tuning in to right station. You know play a couple of doors cuts abs at CCR Well, it's you know certain stations have their radio check well This is for way of having a radio check exactly great. I enjoyed it And I think whoever was on before you what are you doing? Absolutely an amorting sir. What kind of a maniac gets up into sound a morning? Well, you really wanted to choose please Well, diabetic so you got to get that little extra Yeah, cut in there, you know that it sure that the levels up there right And then you go back to sleep. Yeah, I Excellent, yeah, that in security guards That's true and it's good to hear you on their fam Isn't it in the truth, yeah, even the birds son's a little better out there March a little better. Yeah nerd sounds a little better. Yeah. You notice he qualified that yeah Now you're right sir. You're absolutely Absolutely Okay, well listen have a wonderful day sir in a great life and if we don't talk to you again Well, you know this will make that you're going to give a lot of people new life. I think so Okay, I'll read the urge Okay, is it that time we played the other one, but it's no not for you yet you got on it yet 69 tigretaker But I think it's long overdue and the best part of this is it's scratchy this is very scratchy because it's so old Okay, you don't know what it is yet have no idea you're like it. You can't wait. Yeah. Are you ready? I love the quality you're right Okay, is everybody ready? This might germ out of bed this morning I think you're well The beginning especially by the way a Peter Boulders listing you're a wonderful guy Oh My heart Please Okay, not too much the one overdue right Was that good or what? Wonderful, a wonderful in stereo yeah, well like I said You have to pardon on FM we understand scratchy because it's so old right It looks like a collector's item like what was it? WWJ and KDKA for the first stations on year by 1920 And this was right on the heels of that okay, here comes your big test don't start going you to a laughing jack now because this is your big moment Okay, that we've been waiting for ladies and gentlemen here he is Got his wings all plucked up this morning now 20 past six on Zeta four This is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Any questions Boy that sounds like like a real news cast and everything with the intro I love Well you get to the news so maybe it'll still be going 621 on Zeta four I'm Glenn Hill on the Neil Roger show The main thing we'll be talking about today in the news of course is about Floyd as it Nears hurricane force and we have hurricane warnings in effect for the Florida keys from key largo Through the dry tortillas and for the southwest coast of Florida south of Venice that does not include Sarasota But a hurricane watch now in effect from Venice to Tarpen Springs and a tropical storm watch In effect for the Florida East Coast from key largo to Jupiter inland and a tropical storm watch also in effect for Bimini and the Grand Bahama Islands in the Bahamas also a tornado watch national weather service is issued a tornado watch for most of central and southern Florida this includes us and this is into this is from seven this morning and To four Monday afternoon tornadoes large hailed dangerous lightning Damaging thunderstorm winds all possible in our area now the watch area is along in 75 miles east and west of Alain west of Orlando 45 miles southwest of Miami and of course as I keep telling you don't panic a tornado watch just means now in the old that conditions are favorable okay in other words it's okay it's just it's just possible I don't I don't want you running around okay here's where the storm is 24.0 north and 83.5 west that's about a hundred and 20 miles west south west of Key West or about 200 miles southwest of Fort Myers that's 24 zero north 83.5 west and it's moving towards the north northeast at 15 miles an hour expected to turn more north eastward and this should bring the center along the lower west coast of Florida probably the this afternoon highest winds have now increased to 70 miles an hour and winds of 40 miles an hour extended about 125 miles north of the center Key West reported gusts the tropical storm force in the past hour Lloyd could become a hurricane anytime this morning and you should just be prepared for this possibility why are you building like to a crescendo yeah vintage going moments ago don't go to anybody stay calm it's it's like he's building the old side yeah it's just wind and rain just another storm just relax tell us about the big hail how big Glen we talking can't hamster away died three to five feet above normal only three to five feet above normal like water melon size hey all right that's advice for you look at that i just caught captain Dave yawning in the other i saw that i saw it okay we're making little marks on all of these moves okay alright so this is what we're mainly gonna concentrate on this anything else but you're you're probably running out of test the weather forecast tropical storm watch in effect and we're expecting cloudy and rain today and tonight winds are possible up to 30 miles an hour in southward and we'll keep you advised on any further developments or anything that happens with that i have no idea what the temperature is you want to just get one up like about 75 we have about around 75 on zeta four 94.9 it's 624 i'm Glen Hill pan six and zeta four boy almost did it i know sorry sorry sorry sorry i almost said on she just a joke okay it's just a little joke mr sports will be long at 635 and he's got some real depressing news all of scabscores oh yeah for all you scambler is out there in the audience did the doffs win yeah the ones no not the doffs the scamb dolphins one forty two does it good 25 thousand people i was over at calder i broke my streak yesterday had a winning day no you did went to pop at all last night gave some of it back i like to spread it around you know like manure i spread it all over day in brown county so did you did you break ten bucks oh just all over barely just not too much more alright okay we're gonna play the George Harrison now the interesting part of it you know i feel guilty about these people away you're gonna play a record we're gonna play our record and i don't panic because we're not gonna play a lot of music but we know on this first morning a lot of those uh pinney aspiric rats are listed well the music that he made play play played played me it's coming up later much later like i'm one of the times i'm sure but we are gonna play the this record is so good i'm obsessed yeah can i admit that that i'm obsessed i all boy and something else you're obsessed with okay well you thought it was electric light orchestra for us because it sounds like you're pretty smart you're a little bit of music yeah i have no i don't need it we know what the title is what it is it he doesn't know what it is but it's a good old already the guys have a lot of pressure in there what's this it matter what the title is there comes this sign isn't it yeah something like that okay i think we're gonna play it and but i want to just you know we're gonna build into it like it about six forty will probably play i just want to get even with him you know he's been given us little hand signs like this and i want to keep wake him up a little bit okay okay George Harrison unzated i promise you we're not gonna overdo this okay don't know he's over there rest of the paper but actually actually we're still getting your next newscast together out of the newspaper out of this color and be a slow news day glangeist weather that was it that's it that's all this going on and welcome to florida you like florida so far the Neil Rogers telling me that i've never heard a smudger program in my life okay thank you so much little tissue bug greeting from our friend rabbi Sam took it we're gonna have uh services by the way on a show we are it's going to be the only morning show in town on FM with religious services every morning we can convert i think we got to take a call don't you yeah people have been waiting like a lifetime date count are you there yeah i can't believe it you must not work right you're one hello sir speak to me sir wake up but nevertheless what a shot sir what a shot just for that a little memorial to here okay for this color only for you sir okay he hung up during that well he would have nerd he'd be ill and he'd be real ill in this morning obviously brown you say what Joey now i see why you went to these calls well we want to get him out of the way in order to say yeah should we take that other bokeh call there i would say this much point of flash and you're in favor by a bokeh line just amazing that we have that yeah bokeh are you really in bokeh yeah i really have this tearing up in bokeh hey well nothing's perfect Terry just don't believe it this just goes to prove i need a life i've just been 20 minutes on hold before dawn you what is that better i beg your pardon oh my gosh yeah tortillas i got that all these those are delicious i think there's one right under your banana over there by the way yeah really listen i think that the storm is all i've just talked i think the other stations are trying to divert attention from you this morning yeah yeah yeah is that Gary owns in the studio with you guys yes he's got his hand over his rear right now morning really i got to put fire but clocked with just all my radios and it just like i said it just goes to prove I really need a life yeah are you gonna get one this week i deserve to leave so you guys hungry and the FM um thank you uh we too let me stand so like a tender my god do you have something caught in a stroke stay out we don't want to get into that okay i just i had to call her a lot okay have a wonderful day siren a great life thank you i'll read the church should we do the sports like i'm in an early mr sports do you think he can get into it or no we're right maybe 35 we're right at 35 on zeta four it looks like 634 on zeta four to me mr time expert oh his rubber clocking again yeah getting those quarter hours in acicline there you go okay listen this guy uh he's gonna really be a big addition of the show trust me okay let me add now see the little guy in a booth it looks very carefully good morning everybody two kids that haven't been in the world series since 1960s all the upper hand of the league play off in baseball and as other twins thanks to their 11s in a play lady america championship series three games to one after last night's five free win over the tigers and the giants and actually ran the free to lead in the best of seven series by being the cardinal six free giants and the cards with your lip post season matchup at bush state in tomorrow night and the cardinal and the twins and the tigers let me say again the twins and the tigers will play the afternoon and game numbers set five and i shall football each strike is now at its twenty first day in contract talks have broken down and i felt cheap to go to you to jack dumb and blame the union for erecting eight months erecting a roadblock with newest free agency plan union leader Jean Uchau says management with draw that's withdrawal from the bargaining table was orchestrated to tax the solidarity of striking players and free scat fans up there these are the score just in a in the would be in a failed a win the big Buffalo 14 to seven used in big Cleveland 15 to 10 Chicago 27 and the so the seven Indianapolis beat the jet six nothing San Diego 17 Tampa 18 13 San Francisco 25 and land of 17 around beat the dealers 31 21 and overtime the tripe green bay 1960 say lowest big the world means 24 19 now so we're filling out the 41 and 22 watching the beat the giant 38 12 it was since in 2017 Seattle 10 of Joe Robbie Stadium the dolphins there would be dolphin shut out Kansas City 42 and nothing in front of about 25,000 desperate football fans national hockey like yes to terror any Buffalo beat watching in 65 it was the Bruins five hard for two should cover five Philadelphia three Edmonton beat Los Angeles nine to two and that's it New this fall on show yet people still in visual it's a beautiful day for a communist unless you're on the KGV list you will do time in a salt mine you were a dead slave labor hello boys and girls this is Mr. Rogers welcome to my neighborhood skin I bet that's my Russian postman come redneck feeling incoming you know he's kind of a funny postman share not only does he deliver my mind he likes to open it too I guess he's just kind of curious share red Rogers oh how Mr. Sacred Felizman please to be coming with me but what can you say crimes against it? I think San you say see I a spy oh share a dose for down your voicing girl please to be what he's the Rogers neighborhood alive from Siberia for next one the years can you say kinky okay 23 23 23 27 at Zeta 4 Neil Rogers with you on a Monday morning with leader like Glenhill captain Dave Mr. Sports said a bunch of other would be human beings I liked Mr. Sports did you like it yeah I think he's gonna be great type no question about that he was your time now we're not gonna have the weather ferries at the deal he didn't make the cuter he'll be here later in the week okay well let's see 78 we were very close right yesterday's a temper kind of you know psychic temperature 78 degrees on Zeta 4 what time is it going do I do another time check baby 4 point maybe we can just keep giving the time all morning you know what I'm saying how will this other stuff okay that vocal line is by the way not flashing again I'm getting we're going to have to condition those people and you know me I get very insecure very insecure make it clear it's told free 550 oh yeah that'll do it there's just one guy that uses it all the time that's it yeah yeah we got another guy coming over from the AM now yeah don't worry you know who I mean yeah couple of them it's matter couple of chronic yes chronic don't worry will we will use that line 550 94 90 94 90 let's get Larry Kennedy here to do trade line great I did please remind me is a morning wains on to get into this thing from the sun center was a sun center there's a lot of plenty of time yeah I want to wait till I'll make sure build Kelly is awake well since he's a new buddy I know his build Kelly call him and home and wake him up good idea you're gonna have to because he's a new speaker because we're gonna rip him a rear the likes of which seldom has been seen since the Oprah Winfrey show you know I mean it is gonna be even early Ross is gonna be embarrassed why the way where do we have that thing we have somewhere a little clip which I'm gonna play a little later on from this morning's news on winc AM our sister in lost station up in the middle of the building and it is incredible okay let's take some more calls huh I mean when I hear already you know what we've been here all the time right it almost sounds like we know what we're doing line three says captain Dave captain Dave is just finally waking up now you notice he's finally getting into it he's washing his hands in his face and putting him away from on there I would trust him would you yeah well that's because you worked you know if that place together for years he worked in another radio station together for our county how you doing hey dude I am doing do the call holy cow this is what the happening wow wow just it's early in a morning you know I'm saying like don't get too carried away he's been up all night hey oh man are you the guy that's been on horse since Saturday so you can talk to me now since Friday yeah about to a clock it can't love league congratulations congratulations Lee you have to leave power on numbers I know it's two big ones hey yes speak to wizard come on you mean what no music no music you mean you didn't like George Harrison ah this is my boyfriend's back oh well that's coming up yeah that's coming up next hour how the bad suggestion all right dude I gotta go work I'm later ready okay good like to you okay that's what we like colors we're willing to be late to work to wait on the phone for a half an hour to talk to us yeah but it's a matter of prior of course and come on get your priority straight what are these this this I gotta go to work bit you know but this is good they'll get off quicker you know calls will be short how come that bokeh line's not ringing nobody wake up they're gonna have one like in jupiter you know for all the good people are pommage garden I agree I'm sorry stole this coffee pot from his jupiter if uh wait a minute if they call from west palm do they get through like magically on that because somebody said the other day that these lines are like all over the place yeah we used to have a west palm line what happened to that I think it's the new phone system not the new phone system it was the you're saying a deficit that they had to pull that line I think I said did you used to go to jupiter that's why they're making this desperate move to bring us over here according to Bill Kelly desperate that's bread okay let's give some chance for him to get co-hearing wake up before you rip in there okay we take bokeh of course the other people get very upset because we take them out of order but uh to help with them yeah bokeh how you doing are you in bokeh yeah see I told you what's up speak to us what who is this okay did we wake you up okay okay do you realize you're our first female caller whoa whoa boy how is lead jolens voice gotten to you so far man how old are you on your crest how old 16 16 on impressed yeah how about my voice I don't know yeah not gonna be not gonna do that into it is there anything that stimulates you man okay and you're in bokeh right perfect actually okay what should have a wonderful day and you're gonna be here every morning with us great okay this like I said a great caller from bokeh thanks a lot okay bye bye what a good call interesting demographics yeah 16 frightening war that is we cannot corrupt our youth now you know I'm not in the show now no way you say okay let's go back to uh two okay captain Dave anything you say Dave County hello yes sir morning this is great these you know thing on in the morning now I can just call him when I get put on hold I can just go to sleep with the fun against my ear very good idea or wherever what if somebody else is pretty upset this morning I who's at I think it's a full number this morning to accidentally dialed 55094 FM and I asked for nail and they weren't so few stuff is really yeah but you know I guess that's their own problem right did Donald call you madam no he called Donald man okay at least somebody had it right you know um I think you should be pretty pretty impressed this is your first candle call wow yeah how's the weather in Kendall this morning oh it's a pretty sunny and it's about day is this captain Kendall right yeah I know that voice anywhere yeah well I want to say also that out here in Kendall we are able to take advantage of you know you being on this early in the morning while it's still dark outside we're over here right now it's at the bird's apartment and we're ransacking it yeah yeah my I'm here all over the world just just leave the VCR sorry anything else I really am not interested in you know what the best part of the show is the cuddle bone leave the cuddle bone you know what the best part of the show is so far we have had nobody upset over the for is the music you know not one complaint nobody excuse me I've got a question for you guys what's the question where is the music well we have a good time it's great listening to you on FM and uh take care okay you two sir I'll read the urge okay and a real smart ass there it's 164-7 at Zeta 4 and uh four you're going to be doing the weather again in six minutes huh I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready we got the temperature now and what time is it Glenn I got a couple of other stories here don't worry I was wondering if we're going to milk him all week long no no no it's about a quarter of seven we don't want to get too exact here right around a quarter of seven yeah like they do on FM you know so somewhere between six thirty and seven if you're late for work and get that second cover coffee okay okay I think of that late you can have to bear with this this is our first day here but hey all listen to you remember I told you in the summer they listen oh yeah how old is your son 14 oh really wow that's not interesting I know well listen I get your number off here we'll have a little tea party tonight oh wonderful just you and me so glad you're here in the morning well you sound really are you really in Boka I'm really in Boka that's West Boka doesn't she sound like she's right in the room I know sounds better than my mic doesn't it a lot better your mic is on no it's the it's these cans you can't hear anything not hear my right did they really know how to whip these people I can't believe they did I can't believe they gave no no no still to you are they still too loud no because I'll turn them down and then up again real quick yes I'm sorry it's wonderful I love you in the morning leave just lost three pits out of his watermelon go ahead no just happy that you're here in the morning I thought I was going to have a nervous breakdown when you went off that other station but now I see I'm not see one of the advantages to this is that until at least about 815 or 830 all of the pain and the ask bureaucrats aren't here yet see that's true you come in early in the morning get most of the show out of the way and then you know they come in they get organized get their coffee goof around have a couple of free bagels and stuff like that and by the time they're finished with that we're gone we're out of here speaking of bagels yeah that's how it's just no food a lot no wait a minute that's not me isn't that what we were told not that's a much to know food is a lot no it's a matter of fact I haven't signed any contract yet so what I'm going to I guess I'll hold that as a bargaining chip yeah well have a super day and by the way if you're listening Gary today is D Day okay I want to put a pressure on you but you know let's see that contract with those big number okay listen have a great have a great day what's your son's name no just the first name just the first name are you the Eric you got it I know I know okay listen you tell Eric have a wonderful life I will thank you the other boy okay boy she was nervous wasn't well with reason why by the way I must confess when I'm wrong I'm wrong okay very sorry I saw the preview for Stan by me the preview right you know the one that goes on for like ten minutes of filler like on this show and I was wrong okay yeah about river Phoenix what about him well I was wrong how about a little clue okay just a little kid you know what I'm saying he's just a little kid but you still haven't seen the entire movie no but they have this thing where they're interviewing the two kids who are like the stars who's the other one will wait well boys you know this is so just like a walking in cyclopidia useless crap you know a head full of useless crap yeah a body full of useless crap perfect FM news but uh and I guess that's like a current interview you know they're talking in retrospect about the movie right and now of course they're no longer little puny kids you're like a little older puny kids like 16 now and trust me I can understand why some of our more desperate people in the audience are all upset now if you see that movie please stand by me I saw the first time we were last Saturday night we were talking about this the other day yeah I acted did you hear that he liked it Neil still as my phone just went on I can't hear it that right Neil has not seen the entire movie he's judging this movie by seeing like the last hour of the movie gonna go through this again just briefly I mean every day do we have to do stand by my every single day is that part of our revolutionary format here instead of reviewing a different movie every day we're saying we're gonna say you want the same movie every day by the way John's stutter I'm so glad you mentioned movie reviews done stutter did you hear any of you yesterday about 20 minutes about 20 minutes interesting maybe 20 feet talk about putting the AM uh in a freezer you know saying the deep freeze I mean that man he could do more damage in four hours than most of us can do it a lifetime what was what was just thing to him he was he was pushing his own advertising agency no he was pushing buttons when I was trying to get the cart machines to work and you know that one that we queue up the carts and it sits on top he was trying to play that on the get it was great it was what a show done I'm so I did you just hold the earphones up to the mic so I think so I will say this his performance on the year is only out done by his movie reviews did you see a soul man with p-times effect I did watch part of it is the last hour and I didn't like the last hour that either it is coming on my cable you saw I saw the ad for it it's coming on HBO very soon classic I will get to see it you don't have to tape it for me it's about the kid that goes to Harvard and yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh p-times hell or c-times hell or one of those letters he'd be chilling d-times hell something cute movie you're gonna give the time now uh 713 we got to write that we absolutely on the bud I just got the power of the morning little something special this isn't one of those comedians from the uh on the number no more comedians on this show by the way if they haven't got the word up front little note here I bet you this is from Joey you want to bet I bet it is too or loons and flower be from anybody it's right now it's a champagne a gram it says best of luck and congratulations on your new morning show you are gonna freak out what are you gonna floor okay you're gonna pass up you know how I know this is not legit you're killing me who's it's as Marvin Bailey in stand good Marvin not Marlin Marvin Bailey in stand with super star creations ps will be in touch with you regarding the birds thank you so much just uh drop it right on your fedora there and on your respestos and have a wonderful life thank you isn't that beautiful from your good friend Marlin Bailey Marvin Bailey Marvin Bailey you know but thank you very much don't call us look at you wonder that's really from well when he came in here like that that was kind of freaky wasn't no right when we were talking about Jeff Stryker it's a coincidence or uh put a lock on that door I know I just want to explain to Lee it sounds like a programming meeting you know something I bet you we could just play this all morning for four hours do a couple of news breaks little weather and get a three or five with this it sounds so much better in stereo yeah and we could play stands frogs you know sort of alternate okay thanks Jeff and periodically we're gonna be calling Jeff on a west coast which is good because when we come on it's six in the morning eastern time three or how long for you time they're just getting in they're all getting in at that on perfect it'll be great yeah absolutely the client you still haven't told me about your fetishes he be Kate he be Kate I know about that yeah that's my fetish sure a big done whole fan that's about it we're hey oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah just what we needed right now contrary supposed to be here to butcher up the image in the show and I always pull them to stand major I know now conjure up in your mind a don-host CD I've got them I'm serious I will bring them in okay baby bubble we got an incredible live version of little shack by the sea. Nobody she likes to record. You are a little bit interested. We've got Dando. Yeah. That's the tip off. And what does story on his hair, by the way, in that series at Laca, got curly, laki head over his forehead, jack lord, whatever's in his room. He's a suitman. Yeah. Yeah. He bought those at the Waki Kiddellie. Okay. So now Neil's fetish is Jeff Stryker. Mine is. No, I don't have any Jeff Stryker fetish. I don't even even met the guy. Boy, do you wish he comes down here alive? That's wrong. Not interested in the least bit. Other to other, a gigantic, grotesque, disgusting, vulgar thing. Go ahead. Thing. Thing. We're on FM. We can be a little more open about this. We'll open on FM. And we get more explicit. I did that a lot of the Jocsen FM are real open. But we'll say that for tomorrow morning. Okay. All right. There we go. Thanks a lot, pal, with a champagne agreement. Is there champagne in there too? I would imagine, right? Yeah, cat meal. We want that. Hey, what's that sauce about eight thirty? He gets going real good. Yeah. That's from working in Gluz 94. That's right. All those gloves, rejects, man. They hit the sauce about eight thirty in the morning. True. Now we're going to have to be for sunny stars. Speaking of sunny, did we have, did we have a big message from sunny this morning? Did we? I don't think so. Soon. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Okay, sunny is going to be a lot with the Mongolian news a little later, but it's at time again. Can you believe it? It seems like, I know. It's a twenty. Before you know it, I know. Before you know it, this mess is going to be overnight. You must admit that the two hours and 20 minutes. You've got, you've had a chance to say more today than you have it last year. This is incredible. It is, I mean, truly. And that's all he keeps saying. This is a horrible, the whole zone. So we motionally blown away. I'm exhausted. This is so early in the morning. All right. I'm going to let you take a lot of excitement. And this was pretty good here when Marvin Bailey sent this stuff. And it will win Don Ho, because you are just going to freak out. It's a 20 on Z. Hey, young man. Yeah. Just an odd thing you're hanging around my house. And I want to talk to you about what you need to be. Wasn't here now. Yeah. Wasn't you who did the push-in? Put the stains upon the cushion. Put Prince on the dashboard upside down. Hey, what? Wasn't you, you broke a bill. Been messing with my daughter Jill. If it was, you'd better leave this town. Well, we're going to say it. Yes, it was. I who did the pushing put the stains upon the cushion. Put Prince on the dashboard upside down. Yeah. Yeah. But since the mess and with your daughter, I've been terrible passing water. So I guess we're even all around. What are you? Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Love that spot, Glenn. It's a, 808 on Zeta 4, the New Roger show on a Monday morning. And you just now, you know, when the show is over today, we're just really going to be getting into it. We are. So maybe guns are good. Stay home for a while. No chance. No. Don't even think about it. Guns is already here. He's been here for an hour. Is he really? Thank you, paranoid, because he's usually done get here to about like, you know, I just didn't see his getting into it now. Don't you understand? OK. Just wanted a clarification on that. Because this show is not temporary. No, it is not. By the way, if you haven't got the word, this show is not temporary. The breakfast club, we ought to do this. A little retrospective on those three and a half weeks. Lovely. It retrospective was only temporary, but it was beautiful. Oh, yeah. Yeah, right. But the retro, the retro, the retro, the respective they did just the flood of memories. Just, I'm a memory. I'm a memory. Isn't to my head. Lonaway. I couldn't believe it. Gosh. Boy, talk about bringing back memories. Now, Captain Day was the Ali Harvey Oswald of radio. I was sorry. On bullying. And the Linda Thornton Commission, it's going to investigate that. What happened? OK, well, listen, we're going to take some more calls. And in Boca, if you want to get on the line, that's fine. And if not, you know, stick it. Is the best thing we can say to you, 550 9490. I'm embarrassed by giving that number. Even a moron could remember that number. And speaking of that, Peter Boulder is in a building. Just a joke, Peter. Just a joke. He loves it. He's used to it. He loves the attention. He's a woman for a minute. Oh, he's no dummy. Really? It's not that he was going to come in. Have a little, uh, no one to with us. OK. No way. But we will give that number for Boca, which is a little bit different. It's 550. 490. Yeah, they have a dash in the Boca. See, and every time I do that, that damn Boca line rings, that's what really pisses me off. You know, you said they're there, they're there. I'm serious. Well, they just want to bug you. And then once it gets on hold, I become so curious. And the poor people in Dayton, Broward, they just get left. I'm not going to do that, too. Because who's who's waiting in Dayton, Broward? 1, 2. Whatever you say, Captain Dave. Stayed County. Good morning. Welcome to Zayda. Thank you. Welcome you to the airways, Mr. On the FM. Thank you so much. Now, I'm wondering if we have an omen coming here with Floyd coming through each before Pink Floyd. Yeah, I think there's a doubted section at the neck. Yeah. That's part of our new promotional campaign. And figure we not got all the wind and rain now that we have a clear concert. Tony Prado has been hanging around with Weaver the weather man and boy, are they whipping up something wild out of time? Yeah. It sounds like it. Yeah. Well, that was great. Good thought there. You got a pink Floyd concert? Yeah, 42nd row. Have you ever been to Pink Floyd now? Oh, sure. Don't go to the show. It's more fun just to hang out in the parking lot after the show. I'm sure say watch people try and find their cars. True. Very true. I don't know. I got parking homes dead. I'm not sure. I know. Wait a minute. Didn't we pay a pink Floyd record just before it was? We just took it. We just took it. We just took it. We're not playing Pink Floyd at the time. The Mar Floyd. And we're not playing Eddie money today either. OK? I'm sorry. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Too early. Too early for early. But as you hear all that stuff later, it's too early in the week. Tomorrow we're doing our doors montage for about an hour. Get an automatic assistant. We don't want to get the regular Zeta listeners. CCR coming up. Yeah. Later we'll Chicago a record that we, uh, I'm a man. The set of we hated yesterday. Help Paso. Help Paso. Let me ask you this question. You like Chicago, sir? Not video. No, not the city. They have the group. OK. You remember a record called I'm a man? Not really. See, there you go. I don't either. I never heard that record. Yeah. Many people call it record. It's one of those great, uh, AOR, you know, I'm a man. I never heard of a Spencer Davis group, right? That's I'm a man. I mean, that's your day. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Oh, was it Janet Jackson? I was. I was. I don't know. Nobody understood. Read my, read my llama, is he? I can whisper sweet. I don't know. Tito put a mask on the lawn. Tito working at the post office again. Yeah. Yeah. It really is. Look, it's raining again. It's pouring. That's in dogs, sir. Wait, it's clear. And it's clear in general. Uh, go on getting the traffic. I feel like I'm traveling. I'm waiting before I go. Go play a traffic in the rain. Yeah. So play in some traffic. It can sounds great. Well, listen, have a wonderful day. It's been, uh, really illuminating this review. Uh, thank you. And if you go outside, be sure to put on your rest best dose collage. That's those shoes. OK? OK. I'll leave it there. That was another call from Kendall. Boy, we're big and big. Oh, yeah. This station is giant a monster in Kendall. Well, what's great is they can hear you and Kendall down that you're on a Frankenstein. Yeah. Wait, me. They can hear us and Kendall. It's kidding. Inside you. I think we got a lot more response from Boko on the AM, OK? That's true. Yeah. We can call collect. And they really got into that. But they don't have to call collecting call for free. Oh, so other words, what you're saying is they called only because they wanted to make us pay for it. That's right. And we can make your life miserable. So we loved spending the company's money. One of the favorites. OK. Let's try Broward. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Congratulations. Thank you. And I just want you to know that this morning, Joey had been asking listeners to pledge quarter hours. Now he's asking other radio personalities to pledge their quarter hours. Oh, boy. You just have too many left to give away. I'll tell you that. That's true. And you guys want the school lunch menu for Broward County today? Absolutely. Well, we got fish burgers or a hogey sandwiches. Oh. Just french fries and a cookie. Kids go with the hogey. That sounds like a good time for the great days. Yeah. We have a little actuality. Somebody called in from Palmetto, Jr. High from Friday during lunch break. Oh. So fish sandwiches. I'm telling you. These kids are going to plan this morning. And his vocabulary lessons, I want you to know that I have a seven year old daughter who was listening this morning. She wanted to know what the word douchebag means. The white powder that she should refer to Stan Major. Yeah. She opens up her web series and looks under the word, Stan's picture. That's the right next door. Now, it's best to us to be cancer-quising agent. It's really comforting to know that there are using those bestless boots to make huge pieces. Yeah. We got it. And we, with and for what I understand when I bring my car in for Car Watch, it's your place there. I want to make sure that you vacuum the back seats. No, Prometon. And we'll do the trunk of your leg as well. That's five bucks extra. Broward, watch in the baseball playoffs this weekend. We got a guy named Sparky and a guy named Whitey. And I want to know where Walley is. She's the one. Walley's a Metzker's feel. OK, the B-Rough will be a long and about a half an hour. But they're messing around. Right. I think she's in Boko. Instead of the bird doing the news, don't you think the bird's eye view should be in the traffic? Yeah. Yeah. He has no idea which way the bullman looks around. He looks a lot like Clarence too. I think I saw him on Altland Road last week in the beaches. What's up in his life? You two, sir. I've had our J-35 on Zeta. You'll never guess who's back in spite of popular demand. The morning everybody. Two teams that haven't been in our series since 1960s. He'll be up for him. We were. Two teams that haven't been in our series since 1960s. He'll be up for him in the lead playoffs in baseball. Minnesota Twins. Thanks to Darrell Evans in F-Play. Immediately, American League Championship Series 3 games. I'm not exciting. Probably. Maybe it's the weather theory to report on Floyd. OK, speaking of reporting, it's at time again. And in the morning, we have a heavy turnover. But for those of us who have to listen each hour over. And over again, please. You know, but he talked. Mixed up just a little bit. That's not news time. The variety is the spice of life. It's not news time. That's a 50. I was going to give it to you now. Because I figured if I'd give it to you now, by 10 of you'd be talking about. I just, well, I saw this channel 10 is here. And I immediately thought of news, right? As I thought of Anne, who almost tip me with that diesel truck on Saturday. Come to work. And she did. Boy, she was barrel and by me, like Dennis Weaver. Remember in that movie, dual? Cool. Where he was trying to get away from the loon of tick in the truck hand head. That mean look on her face. I'm going to get you. You maniac. Well, fix you. Oh, right. Once the last time you ever saw a truck driver wearing a cardigan sweater was a craziest thing I've seen. You're right. It isn't news time. See, I'm getting so wound up. Now, I'm like ready to wrap it up in about 10 minutes. Well, then maybe a thought to that. The camp of Dave, he was ready to wrap it up about two hours. Offer it. Just wait till he finds out. Tomorrow we're going to start letting him talking a little bit. Yeah, I don't know if he knows that or not. Well, he's not in the right union to do that. Sure, listen. We got all these. It'll sound like we got a lot of people in here. Yeah. We just went the first day. We have the smile on his face. Yeah, I'll be too far. I was him. I'd be listening to that. I mean, what I'm saying. We're not really eating in here, Gary. I was listening to the news this morning. It's a laugh a minute. I'm telling you it's fake. No. Go ahead, sir. You're not going to. You're not going to. You're not going to work Saturdays anymore. No chance. No way. Never again. Because it's like all the bizarre callers calling on Saturday. Have you been listening this morning? Yeah. Well, so these are some of the leftovers. But now they probably couldn't. They were probably like the only time they could call was like early in the morning before 10. You know that lead you'll let must be the S&M because he gave me a straw. Not only is it cracked in the end, but you can't. It's like cracked all the way through. You can't. You can't suck anything. Don't call that a time before I do warn you. Yeah. Glicks do it. Look at it. See what you do is drink it like gravity right there. Incredible. It's an S bestows box. That's good. Go ahead. If you go ahead and keep talking. Reception here in like, like, better now that you're on FM. Yeah. Here's that reception's better. And it's not crackling and puking in popping here. You're going to like take over FM now. Absolutely. They're going to forget. grant you a great idea. You got it. And particularly, I see you on the level. Yeah. In fact, we had a call earlier from sunny. You want it? I don't think you can hear it on a phone, but the people on the air conditioner. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Just a joke, sunny. OK, relax. Don't go out and get 10 cases of grandma boon yet. It's not worth it, sunny. Well, listen, it's been great here in front of you, but the life marches on. And the call is in a morning. And like before, you go to school because Bokas about his debt is a door nail. Well, I usually leave like 60, like 45, so I'll expect a call for me. All right, now how old are you? 15. 15. See for our demographic. Well, about a 60 year old girl these demos. 15 year old guy in Bokas. What we're going to do tomorrow morning is get them together. And maybe you can skip school together tomorrow. Yeah. Is that sound good? Yeah. OK. Thanks, bud. Bye, bud. Boy, please, please, give a great time. I'll take you all like this. I don't believe you spent that much time talking to me. Sitting in bed wearing his Batman pajamas is as best or shoes. Hey, we get numbers on this show. OK. You get into it. You'll understand. You'll learn. Look at this guy. Sitting over here, sucking up that knish and 906 and more. Incredible. Aren't they though? Oh, yeah. I thought there was no eating in here. Isn't that the real? Yeah. Like, you know, what are these? I'm standing there with his cup of coffee. He's got his 82 raised in bagels in the office there. We're eating in the beautiful studio. You know. Yeah. Call us another girl. On the first day, you know, we had to do something. Got our bananas here. Who's these? From a hot one. Yeah, that was a real nice name. I appreciate you. We got our champagne thing from Marvin Bailey. Marvin Bailey. And there's another one out front. Another one. Another basket. There's a big basket. Another basket. OK, listen, let's take a couple of these calls here because so far, excellent. Don't you want to talk about Channel 10 for a minute while they're here? Are you going to talk about the one and only? Yeah. Well, look at the truck is out there. Look who's driving. I can't believe it. I recognize that sweater that green cardigan sweater. I recognize it anywhere. And give Diane Magdemar Beth. Yeah. Tell her we love her hair. We know this hair place that is just OK. Here's a little promo now for our friends at Channel 10 tonight at 5. 530 and 630. That means that Michelle is going to introduce this. Possibly. Thank you very much. OK. OK. Wow. Watch home and watch. His lips were moving. But nothing was coming out. He's speechless. He's so keen. Yeah. I don't think so. OK. 7 past. 7 past 9. That word before. And it's like 7 past 9. Because this one says 6 past 9. OK. It is 7 past 9. Yeah. If we can keep the momentum in that before you know, it'll be like 58 past. Yeah. I'm moving in the head a minute. OK. Let's take one what from date. Look at this captain Dave and he's with a boss. He just like a pig and how it isn't it? OK. That's a captain Dave of course. Broward. Hello. Good morning. Mr. Mr. Dick from Fort Lord of Down. Hey, how you doing in Fort Lord of the I think. Good. I'm sorry. Yeah. Actually, I have to think that that chuckle headed the other end of the dial for like even bringing you to light. Who's that? You know that chuckle head Joey. Joey. Now did you say you're a first time listener? I was Neil Rogers actually. You know, because you were going a.m. Because of the static. You know, what's your secret just don't pick it up too well? Or what did Joey say that? Well, no, just every morning. I mean, I'm calling you. You just do more to be asked for you than anybody else. I see you. I see you. Yeah. I'm just going to have four and a half. You're going to have to sit down. Don't go. I'm going. But I want. I know. I know. I don't want to get him out of that room. I don't want to go for it. I want to ask your question. God. An immediate role of the executive genre. It was. And a.m. Comes in on this. It's a real. What happened? It's morning. Oh, it is. It's so good that it's frightening. I like it. But you are letting us a question. Doesn't it sound a lot like maybe you might be a little bit of infringement on the hell you jacks. And I mean, because it sounds. I like. My hand. Yes. That's the way you're buying. No, you know what I mean. You're. I'm a. With all the respect, I think you'll be ill in this. More. No, no. I really like your chance. But I'm telling you, and the more you listen to it. Just think about it. That's it. We have some. Well, a lot of good. PODR, maybe we got to take a pull on that tomorrow. That is an idea. I like it. So, uh, is what he doesn't get in trouble because. He did that once with the chiffons. You remember that? Oh, yeah. With the. Oh, yeah. That's right. One fine day. And he lost that. He lost that. Yeah. One fine day's regret record record record. We'll be playing that tomorrow. It's a fun. We talking guy. Yeah. And Saturday in the park by Chicago, Program director doesn't know any of this. He's oblivious. Yeah. Good way to be. And, uh, Fleetwood Mac. Oh, yeah. We don't hardly play Fleetwood Mac here. There was a Fleetwood Mac cut on our list. By the way, we're not going to play it. But I assume that since it was on a list, it's okay for another day, right? Yeah. Am I right? Look at that. Yeah. See, it goes along with anything. Sure. I'm most surprised that you guys at least a kid. He's enough not to hang up on people the way that chocolate is. Is it jerk? I mean, it's rare. He's busy telling everybody how successful you've been in all these big markets. Have you so successful? What else are you doing here? I used to be in New York now in, uh, Davey, Florida, you know? What's big numbers? Yeah. I'll get in the light numbers. What's in you guys taking easy? Okay, you, too. Okay. Adios. About that. Very first time listener. Boy, that's incredible. Good call. I'm sure there's many of those. Good caller. Yes. They're question. Great. But I'm on family feud. I don't know. Those morons come up with a dumbest answer in a history bit. I don't know. Yeah. Well, it's America for your ladies and gentlemen. It's wonderful. It's like it's like the football games. You notice now that the interest is building in the scab games and the TV ratings are going back up again. No. Which basically goes to show you. Like one of these morons I was talking about. He says, well, it's pretty boring in America. So they would not football. Yeah, that could. There's nothing else. Well, kind of a commentary is that. What happens like the rest of the year? I don't play football. That's because this scab football is so bad. How bad is it? It's so bad. It's it's fun to watch. I mean, these guys are genuinely awful. Don't you think, Glenn? You don't watch. You don't know how bad it is. Yeah. You want me to find this. We're already forgetting these guys names. It's like Roger Peyton. What do I know? Yeah. I can forget who they are. It's two seconds. I can sum up how bad it is. Okay. That doesn't. That says his all. Yeah. Really. Yeah. It was like that call. We got a few weeks ago from the guy who when he found out I wasn't in sports. He was just like so. You're not in a sport. He was so amazed. Like he had never met anyone in his entire life who wasn't, you know, a game fanatic. And he said to me, what do you do? You know, what, when the world do you do it? Is this your sports? Do sports again this hour? Or do we, no, look at that. What are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? Yeah. They don't care. Some things go in on me. The phones keep flashing. They've been flashing all morning except that first took in a bokeh line. Which only cause when we get hostile. Well, if you wanted to spoil it, right? They relate only to hostile. You run away again. Yeah. That'll make a big walk. Okay. Okay. Take this. There it goes. It's light now. Oh. Oh. Watching the line. Not an op yet. Oh. Please. Sir, man, have another. There it goes. The awards. Ed about it time. Hello. Every time. Boca. Oh. There they go. That's all right. That's okay. Sure. You don't have to speak as long as you will. Oh, no. Can make the line line up. Boy, they are really stiff up here. I have to say anything. That's not necessary. You can breathe if you like it. No matter. I don't know. We got another one. Hello. Okay. What? But Neil can't find it. I mean, this is exactly. Oh. I'm talking. Vandal white here. Yeah. Glent. Glent. You're not going to breathe. Wait a minute. We've reached another. Momentous point. A new show. This is our first request. That's right. Is it? All right. Yeah. Okay. Another one in there. Right, dude. I'm going to check in a little bit of music today. Like you too. You're in the whip. Yeah. No. Okay. Good. Okay. Good. Listen, have a wonderful life, sir. Thank you. And thanks so much. A great color in Boko. It's enough to make you sick. Get me a dickie for an aeroplane. Got to get on the wheel of watching him. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vandal. Big me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? Why don't you hear how much money I got to spend? Can't stand to look at fat say, Jack again. Won't throw in the towers. Still like by your powers. Oh, Vandal. Big me a letter. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no lesson for. Vandal. Big me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all. You ain't Vandal. Is that an all over ten or what? Vandal. I don't understand why you make a hundred grand. Not for me to say. Anyway, get me a dickie for an aeroplane. I've got to be on the wheel of watching him. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vandal. Big me a letter. Go Vandal. Go Vandal. Hey, man. What do you mean? There's no one in my place, back. There's no one to win. And there's no one in that world. Is it a little rider? All right. You're my god. I can't forget the German. I'll take Vandal. Why you beautiful Vandal? You're an equal player to Honga. Got me a dickie for an aeroplane. All right. I'm on the wheel of watching him. I just got to know that sound. I'm in the bonus rounds. Hey, Vandal. Big me a letter. Lo's a turn. Hey, fat lose dead. Vandal. Big me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all. You ain't Vandal. Is it an all over ten? Vandal. I don't need to stare. Are you wearing underwear? Not for me to say. Anyway. I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at fat say Jack again. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. O'vanna. Big me a letter. Please Vanna. Big me a letter. All right. I'm ready to pick VVV. Every CDFG and take a game. I'm a big one. If you're a TVWX-YZ. That's your cover, man. All right. I'll take the sofa. The blender. The microwave. The refrigerator. I'm in five. What do you mean? Five hundred dollars for a second life. Five in quarter worth TV said. You got ripped off, man. My brother and uncle get a few whole sales. Give me the money and I'll buy the TV. All right. Everybody has the money. Get my regards. The Neil Rogers. Tell me that I've never heard of a smudder your program in my life. Okay. I've got a lot of requests for this by the way. And here it is. This is one of my dad's songs and I'll be for the change of words. That's okay. And this piggyway. Hmm. Hello. We are just near. And so I'll please my final name, Colors. My friends. All say I'm queer. But just with. I'll also leave the little Colors. I've made a life of fool. And now I'm going down the hallway. Oh, much more than it. I'll do it my dear way. Unbelievable Elvis. Yeah. There's more. You knew. When I been old, my palm was y'all and I could use. But through it all, when both of us down, I saw Jimmy's face. And I was just, oh, I'm still small. I'm still small. I like it. There he goes. Elvis, Junior. And one way or the other. I know we get him on a show today. You're going to have to get in all these people. Yeah. I've heard Elvis Junior before. At least Gary. He's a lot of sense. That stuff is all new. Yeah. I mean, riveting stuff, riveting. Yeah, he's a kill me with this. But you notice the AM quality. Or an S.A. As a GEN Jeff Stryker. Just in case you missed him. That's from the waist up, right? Yeah. Well, that we'd like to recognize him now. Yeah. We kept him a shirt. He heard the AM quality on that card all the popping. That's what I like. It sounds like it was out of the same genre as the Joey thing. I agree. Well, listen, thanks a lot. It's been something else. As in, it all lines are flashing. I even bowed. Now that we're getting ready to go. Yeah. We're going to be looking for a weekend. Brow of hits. And what can we say? We say people. See you tomorrow. Well, listen, tomorrow. We're going to know what we're doing. And this was like a dry run, right? Exactly. Considering all things equal, it's going to be great eating those conditions. WCTA. My image for Lauderdale and the form. VHS. Just give us your coordinates. Well, Amy or board. Say the four. 94.99.