He got up and gave me a little card. He sells miniature cars or something. And I autographed some little nice message to her mother, and then the waitress came over and tinkled. Very nice. He tinkled said that my show was a panic, and it was just great. Panic, panic. Yeah. That prompted Neil Rogers, the seldom-reddison W.I.N.Z. Talkshow host, a ridicule, the heraldering is 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. radio show. He claimed that running a Spanish language ad in salted English speaking readers. Throughout the day, subscribers called the paper to complain. The phone has been ringing off the hook, said Jim Kuro, the newspaper's vice president of advertising, but he explained it was partly a mistake. Oh. It was a mistake, all right. Yeah, you bet. Yeah. Buying the paper in the first place is your first mistake. Creative ideas advertising of curled cables, the desert ends at agency, wanted to run the ad in two of the heralds neighborous sections that reached predominantly Hispanic readers. But the herald pulled the ad because it did not contain a disclaimer saying an English translation was available. Do you want more? Yeah. OK. The ad agency complained to a swage the agency. Boy, there is a good word, huh? Ooh, that's one of Daffy's favorite. That's as enrubbing the right way. The herald agreed to run the ad with a disclaimer in the front section of the paper. Now, the words to pacify the agency. I see what a lame excuse that is. I never saw a disclaimer. That, Kuro says, was the mistake. Yeah. The herald has a policy that allows advertisers to one edge in Spanish without a translation. All other foreign language ads require English translations, Kuro said. The ad agency says it wasn't trying to offend or discriminate against anyone. We wanted to get the attention of the, oh, man. This is it. Boy, little louder this time. Yeah. Yeah. Wait till you hear the last paragraph. The last one is the killer. OK. Boy, I'm telling you, I wish they had their offices open today. We could get 6,000 herald subscriptions canceled in the first hour to make it. We wanted to get the attention of the anglo's who would ask their Hispanic neighbors or friends. What does this mean? Said, my rich, goody areas. What creative ideas. End of quote from the lame Miami herald. I'm going to tell you folks, if you don't cancel this rag next week, I'm never speaking to you again. What a disgrace. Is that incredible? I mean, what a lame excuse, too. See, they listened to you. They know all about you. They're the herald. I told you. Phone was ringing off the hook. Yeah. People were pissed. All right, did I tell you my herald story? Oh, you got one? It's very brief. Well, let me do the break first. OK. All right. We'd like to do our breaks a little early. Why? Because I cross them off early. It's good. Well, I get nervous. So I cross like, into the next couple of hours, I cross them off and pile as desperate to catch up. It's 28, before 11. What a story. What a paper. What a town. What a town. See, what is this? That's a do a break. We'll be right back. Hey, Craig. Here's the weather for homestead. Are you in my ambition, Bimitant? Yeah. Is there a good thing? I'll get Tom Gallagher back in here to do his ambition. Hey, Tom can speak that little. I like him. She's good. Uh-huh. She gave her to those matronally sweaters. So before we wear this sweater that mismated Jim Harper's burgundy sweat, you know, the man has been here for 30 years at this radio station. He has never taken the sweater off. Much less cleaned it. Now, that never takes it off. That's a true story. Yeah. That's why he buys coffee at McDonald's in the morning the drive through. They won't let him go inside any place. I just goes through the drive through. He does he buys coffee every morning. Look at this. He wants war a blue one once. Yeah, one day. Only Gloria Brown knows when that was. So before we get back to this story. How you doing, Gloria? About the restaurant. I was going to tell you my hairl story quickly. I had to call the hairl last week. Do you realize it's 21 before 11 already? If almost killed his whole first hour. We're just getting going. We've asked the warm and the audience up here today. I've been here since six and I'm not going yet. But anyway, is that a threat? Look at that man. The phones are just going crazy. I can't imagine what's on their mind. Here's the weather for North Mighty Beach. Mostly cloudy. I had to put a try to expression was weather fairy. Go ahead. The weather fairy. He was dressed up as an elf during this thing before Christmas. Oh. And he referred to himself as the weather fairy. And I just repeated that on the year. And he won't be responsible. Not come near this building anymore. Boy. There used to be a character called the weather fairy. Yeah. And be dealt with. No. Who shall? Greg Be刷. He's to have the weather fairy. Don't say that. Jim Kelly is probably listening. It will be very upset. Well, yes he will. Would good reason. How do you feel Greg taking a guy's job after 10 years? Yeah. Hang your head in shame. Jim probably is listening. I mean, it's not like Alan Burke. Alan was loaded anyway, right? I mean, Jim's not getting food stamps today. You don't attack Jim gave a quote to Lynd Thornton that she did use in her smell. Well, that's her yesterday. And the quote was, yeah. Yeah. He's got all the gossip. Lynd asked Jim if he had any immediate plans. And Jim told Lynd that wasn't printed in the paper. Now, Jim told Lynd Thornton that his immediate plan was to get up in the morning. Make himself a cup of coffee. Go down and sit in the jacuzzi and listen to the Neil Rogers show. Great. I always like Jim Kelly. Yeah. He actually loves this show. And I did Jim's news on the air for about six, eight years. And he's a real good guy. And I really enjoyed working with him. And you did Jim on the air? No, I worked with him. I did his news. Oh, I see. And stuff like that. And I wish him all the best. And I think he'll be fine. Anyway, I do. I mean, the way he just brush your guy off like that. You know, like he was like a fly on your nose. I think he'll be fine. I'm moving right along. Yeah. I don't know. Beats. We need to take up a collection. Do something for the guy. Boy, the way these radio stations just jerk people around. It's disgusting. Don't buy it. I'll destroy there. Don't buy a house. Jim, I'm glad you did that. One thing they tell you when they hire you in this business. They say they look you in the eye and they say, don't buy a house. And when the first book comes out, they look you in the eye and they say, don't unpack. You know, whatever that means. Well, luckily Kelly's been in this business long enough to know not to buy a house. He'd have him buy a one. So anyway, look at Bill Carter. He bought two houses. He got more nerve than I do. Yes, he does. That's for sure. I called the hair. Oh, he hasn't cast a ticket in so long. I don't know if he's awake now this early. Yeah, he's probably getting ready to go to Gulf Street. It's raining. And I guarantee a call is getting ready to plunge his guts out today. He hasn't cast a ticket. I can't remember when he can't. I'm serious. I cannot remember when Carter last cashed a ticket. And I'm not joking about that either. He's old for Gulf Street. He keeps saying that. Oh, for Gulf Street. Yeah, for the whole meeting. And they've been, you know, they run like 50 days. That's a long time. Yeah, especially when you're there every day. Now he's missed a couple days. Kidding. What happened? I couldn't afford it. So, anyone, notice we've almost got to the end of the hour. We still haven't heard your hero story. And we're not even close to the rest of the road. That's light years away. See, this is the kind of show I like. He's painting the ass callers, you know? Give it a rest. No, no, no, no, that is kevin. Yeah, they want to get all his sterical. I'll get his sterical about it. OK, I can get his steric. No, I know you're going to happen to like a lot of the cubits. You're very pleased. This is your favorite kind of show. Yeah, kind of first hour. You bet. I'm leaving you. Wait till the next hour. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. I got news for you. I'm leaving. I think it's damn time that they give me a holiday. Let's see all the people that want to win this day and meet a leave. Look at that. This is a hard thing. Are you bringing it? OK, don't be picky. OK. We can get that other brown line flashing real quick. I'm telling you. I'm out of here as they say in the soaps. Why do people today? You know, young people always come up with these ridiculous, at least to me, they're ridiculous, because I'm an old fart. OK, right? I'm out of here. Boy, that expression just drives me nuts. Yeah. And you know who started that? Bow on the days of our lives. On that mung face. He started that. I'm out of here. Tony, he started a years ago before anybody else was even saying it. It's like party down. It's another day. Oh, hey, do you? That drives me nuts. Party down. What does that mean? Party party party party. We're going to party party party. That's a big talk about mindless people who will just have. That's the thing that bugs me. People are such sheep. Some moron will come up with a ridiculous. Oh, that's true. It might have been Stevie Cauton, who started saying, you know. Yeah. You remember Daphne doing that show talking about Stevie Cauton was responsible for young people saying, you know, you talk about inanity. I mean, that show on a scale of zero. That had to be, I'm glad you brought that up Kyle. Because that I'm telling you, that kind of epitomized the whole taffy McCallum show for me. That was it. That was the frosting on the cake. Steve Cauton, who never even said, you know, he'd ever said anything. Other than, hello and good vine. Where's my check? Where's my 10% or whatever? But, of course, we know that all young people were just star struck by Stevie Cauton. You could go up and down to Broward Mall right now. And kids would say, oh, Steve Cauton, they would swoon, they'd fall on the floor just by the mention of the name. And God forbid, you should mention cash, ask me, so they go nuts. And you don't even know who that is. No, I do. That's good. I know who it is. Not a clue. Are you going to tell us? It's a jockey. Who also went to England. OK. He was took good looking to ride in America. They sent all the good looking jockey to England. I don't know how caught them got over there. Well, those English, they need optometrist, like Angie Dickinson. The seldom reticent isn't that great. Boy, I made the hero to get into them. I'm going to go home and ride it in my diarrhea. You ridiculed the hero. Yeah. And you shame on you, Neil. Ridiculed the prestigious Miami hero with all those Pulitzer prizes. Sort of leads into my story about the hero. In fact, they're up. They're up. Well, I don't think yet. They're up for a Pulitzer Prize for Yellow Journalism. Is that great? The Harold, the Daily News and the Inquire are battling it out. So you can win the Pulitzer Prize as Yellow Ribbon Award. So while you like that cigar, I'll tell this story. And that's what you think. We have another break. We could do it at any moment now. We could talk about Af med. We could talk about Gulfstream with Joe Nameeth. How am I doing this spot myself? Hey, by the way, tomorrow's the 24th tomorrow is that big Jack Potte you know, for the Sunday. All right. You're doing the drawing. Yeah, the spring break thing with, um, I saw the ad. It's spring break. Something tied in with spring break. I'm not thinking to have Frankie Avalon and, um, I'm not thinking to have already done that. Oh, they already did that. They may be there again, but I mean, they've already done that. So I'm no interest. No, it's really no. I didn't think so. Nobody is, in fact, that was going to be the big thing that brought everybody back to Fort Lauderdale. Now, the real reason I want to go out there today is because we ran a spot on Monday. And I believe in truth and advertising, just like the Adon de Herald, and it said, no, really, it said, see and bet the pre-ness, the Saturday of Gulfstream. So I'm taking, I've already taken all the money in the world that I've got. I'm plunging on Ali Shaoey, she'd, yeah. Ali Sheedy, yeah. So, I may be at a few perfectes with Ali Sheba and Bet twice. Just one. Those numbers just keep running through my head. I just keep seeing those black-eyed Susan. I want to know a black-eyed Susan. Susan Day, she was on the Partridge family, do you remember her? Yes, she's on Ali Law now. Yeah, she's always beat up. She's always one of those abused young women. No, they didn't. David Cassett, they beat the hell out of her head. Now she's a lawyer. Oh, is she really? Why don't watch that? She should, now that not standing in reruns. If you want to see the real sex on TV, I hate to break the news to you. I don't watch those networks shows, okay? But this is, I don't watch. That's true. Like last night, I was home for just a few minutes. You watched the hockey game. And the next, do you think I would, I mean, the story? You think I'd leave me to say. I'm in the sports. I'm in the sports. I'm in the sports. I watched a little bit of the hockey game. And in fact, I did see Edmonton score their first goal. Messier scored on a breakaway. That was great. Right between Hexdal's legs. If you pardon the expression, then it was great. On a breakaway. And I left the house feeling confident that Edmonton would win. What do I know? How would I know the game was fixed? I mean, who else could give up five goals in the last part of the game? I mean, that's ridiculous. Ludicrous. But then you're not in the hockey. You wouldn't know anything about that. Nothing. Zero? Zilch. Something about a puck. That's all I know. And the guy wears a, the goalkeeper is a mask. It looks like Jason and Friday the 13th grade. No, the goalkeeper is Jason from Friday the 13th. That's why we give up five goals in the last period. OK, we have another break to do. Then Glenn's maybe going to work in that story about the hero, which I know is going to be exciting. I'm going to reread for the benefit of the audience at just getting up now and tuning in. I'm going to reread several times that story from this morning's business new section. Because most people don't read the business section. Anyway, unless they got money, and that leaves our audience out. I absolutely Marshall Moore that's got the people with money. And they're so damn cheap man. He's got Marshall. You ought to be embarrassed. You do a great show. But your audience doesn't appreciate you. All they want you to do is give and give and give to them. I've got 7,000 shares of kin Edison. You know what? Here's Lady. Put it where the Mundo and Shine baby. We don't care about your kin Edison. It's true, though. There are a bunch of cheap skates at tune on the show. That's where they got all the money. They have the first two nickels they ever made. They sit there rubbing them together all day, which is all they've got. Ten minutes before a level at WI and Z, we're going to come back right after these important messages. You know, in all fairness, I think the anti should have done that spot for Gulf String for the instant bank rule sweepstakes being given away. Can you hear Rust doing it now? Ten thousand dollars. Wouldn't that be great? That would be how it would sound when they're... Yeah. I'm telling you, there's a guy who has made millions, millions. From what? I mean, that's the incredible part. And I think it's great. It's a great American. We used to be disc stockies together. Rust and I. We used to work together. Yeah, and look at the difference. Yeah, boy, you're just barely leaking out a meager existence. Just barely. And he's a milleering hanging on. And the man is a multi-millionaire. He did us a very nice favor though. Yes, he did. They've been great with us. They've been terrific. They did the newspaper ads for so far. Yeah. They've made great ads. You bet. They donated their services. Super. Absolutely terrific. And they've worked with us. And they've been great. And I really... Would like to publicly thank them. I've already thanked good. But he's got millions of dollars anyway. True. True. That he ought to be buying the ads for us. Only getting rust. Come on. He's got a good sense of humor. Yeah. The Harold too well, by the way. He hates the Harold. He was so happy about your campaign. He mentioned it to me. And why is it that so many people hate the Harold? I mean, people that we haven't even I can't even over ten. Right. I mean, despise it. True. Oh, I mean, really, there are people who don't like the New York Times, but they generally tend to be those right-wing, the Lunat takes, you know, I think the Times is a communist newspaper. Okay. That's philosophy. There are people who don't like the Washington Post for the same reason. There are people who don't like the Chicago Tribune because it's too conservative. But again, that has to do with philosophy. But there are people who hate the Harold just on principle. I know. Right? Because the Harold once upon a time was a lot more liberal than it is now. I mean, now it's basically a fascist newspaper. But once upon a time it was a moderate newspaper. The news was the liberal paper in date. And it always was like kind of moderate. They might endorse, you know, the Nazi party. Things like that. No, they're going to be on that. But there are a lot of people philosophy aside, who just despise the Harold. Yeah, they do. Would like to see Don Johnson go into, you know, one hero plans to plant a bomb, you know, and speed off and look in the rearview mirror, like, boom, you know, just the whole thing blow up into the bay. It's true. I found it out. It is. In fact, that when we come back from the news, this is a Glenn is going to tell us his Harold story. I got a weight to let it go. Oh, yes. Well, you know, big buildup. Hey, we have to build these numbers here. You know, I mean, we've got to build to what about a ten share, so that she doesn't sell the station. Only kidding, Mrs. Holly. But that was great. If you came in here with that dog, give it a day. Back. Back? Big back. Leave it to Glenn to find out the name of the dog. You know, I guess it must be all of that time that you spent as the, what was the title?