Jay, hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey we're having a little wrap here on WI and Jay and boy the sandwich must have been so good the chance coming for another one that was quick that was good no they are good and the chips by the way are so good they're like what did you call them? Tagen, Tagen chips they're delicious the only thing they do they kind of like tie up your tongue a little bit yeah, no I'm saying they're a little hot so if I sound a little tongue tied if you're not let's see that because Dave has been here and I'm getting excited or it's because of the chips one of the other a Frank's getting excited staggering Frank Motek of our morning news team our morning super star is here thank you for inviting me to this King Henry the eighth strap against him, pick out yeah well if you come any like part of the show every day isn't it? what old food yeah I do want to say one thing now you were here yesterday and I'll let brick of them came in yeah and you saw how much I ate? yeah you got his slices but I didn't need a lot now never you had a home of doggy bank no no I just don't want people in the audience to think that I'm sitting here gorging myself with food now Frank we need you to work on and I think you she got to say it like Don Agony so yeah news it's not news it isn't no okay I'll have to tune in I have a chance to hear what they're saying I didn't mean to I thought we were all through a factory I it slipped out I feel real bad I'll put it back in we got it okay let's take some more calls because that lady just before the news break was news break was pretty interesting there are a new body wrap yeah yeah no I'm serious but you'll regret she came I'll look at all the people who came out there Monday at the you know where place okay now can you imagine if well just for example I looked like him okay how many people would it come out can we stay in reality just for a few minutes in other words this body wrap will not look like him when I get out I don't think so don't get your hopes up yeah all right they asked them I don't want to get like stand you know we want to stay I keep at least a few of you what he just said yes you'd never even notice believe me I mean you know this if you ever been up north yes and you see a corns you're from Chicago well you know what an acorn is right well like a chestnut yeah that's all so don't get nervous believe a raisin god is not an equal opportunity a dispenser okay yeah raisin I have a great line about I'm not going to click you with it because you know you're already sensitive today and I'll save it for tomorrow by the way I wonder if this is still there yeah it's still there it's good it's a rowered hello yeah wait a minute wait a minute mine who owns body wrap is on this line sorry pal but the one who runs like you hello how you doing hi is this is this Mr. body wrap this is Neil how you doing pretty good okay so what I just heard you talking about the body rappers someone mentioned it to me and I own the ultra u body slot in Southane I just uh that's one we're talking about oh I just what maybe I could just a mince letter information does kind of a new situation there's a lot of skepticism along with uh 96% right now efficiency factors far as the please in our customers all right now what can you do uh with a big fat slab like me that's the question here for one thing we've learned Neil and that's we the person asked to decide exactly what they want to do I mean are you for me to with body by solar flex no sir I am now you know you don't know that solar flex exercise equipment that they sell oh the exercise equipment okay no and you've probably seen the ad that they do for that with Scott Mads and with a kid with a wonderful body when I get through with your body wrap I want to look just like that no what we basically do is we work on the cellulate which is not even a medically accepted term but it's the fatty talking the positive in your body and we even take place solution and you are rapidly with our secret solutions from your neck down here toes will your secret solution right it's a secret solution and then we have something in it which is rather expensive and totally organic and drug and chemical free and we guarantee that people they must lose a few six inches on their body measurements in one visit or they don't pay a penny and we guarantee in writing that it'll stay up for at least 30 days and it's not a water loss program or a cellulate wrap we even encourage them to drink our crystal springs water and we've been pretty full we haven't we've been full every day we've been open really yes sir I'm full right now as a matter of time that's as we need I'd like to get you and Glenn I listen to you show everything now I'm wrapped up there at 16 hours a day I'll speak to gentlemen down for a complimentary wrap and you can give your unbiased view but now let let me just ask you a couple of questions okay because I'm really excited about this but you know we're skeptical to say the least because most of the stuff is garbage now you know that there've been a lot of comments and a lot of stuff that's been on the price of call you this morning because again your listeners are going to interpret it based on whatever our comments are and I'm again I'm I'm taking you can to be complete the devil's advocate and I'll try to work with you okay now I will come down and do it because I'm excited about it I'm here you said they're guaranteed to land to least 30 days now what happens because we did the first woman we had call said that the stuff works or at least she didn't know specifically which woman we're talking about and she says what happens then is after you start drinking water is that it all comes back it's guaranteed to stay up for at least 30 days and we encourage them which I don't even mention some people are there we encourage you to drink six to eight glasses of water per day after the wrap and if any part of that inch comes back within 30 days if you let us measure you we will wrap you again at no charge and if it doesn't come off then we'll write you a check on the spot for the introductory wrap which is $19.50 if you go to Tahoe or California they're 85 to about 125 and a lot of them are using a different type of solution which is an herbal which does which is about 25 percent less taken off the individual. All right now what how many sessions do you have to go through on this thing? We have people that take anywhere from five wraps up to a year that depends on what we ask you what you want to lose and we base it on losing one pound a week without diet. All right now wait me when you say how much you want to lose how do you lose weight by this thing you're not sweating it off? No you don't it's what you're doing is you're losing the toxins and we're telling you what kind of food to eat without dieting in conjunction we are not we are basically an adjunct we are not a panacea for for diet or exercise and by the way if you exercise every day you're not going to lose any weight most people do not know that and they think they do and they don't they work on we work on the out of post tissue which is above the muscle below the skin and that's filled with the basic fatty talk that the pod is the kidneys cannot excrete and this is just medically accepted information Okay now let's see where is this located this is in the public. How many bodies far of a Q. Is sure shorties barbecue meat right across the street we took our video used to be safely lady and we took it over yeah Dixie highway yes sir and whenever my name is Wilstew it I'm the owner whenever you like to come down let's do it just to give you one comment they just did an expose they on us at our affiliate in Jacksonville on channel 12 the news catchers day was Tony on the air she was dating the quarter inches and then the announcer it made it and Tony was something else and on TV she said my stretch marks are gone whoa your stretch marks are gone I will show you the type why have stretch marks that haven't been invented yet I do I love you to come down with anytime the jerky to convenient we do men on Wednesdays and we do ladies the other days but if you can come before 10 a.m. you can't cause your show tell me where you can come and I'll take you know what's secure you must help I get one of the girls take care of you right away Excellent okay the bird will call you a little later okay fine just ask for me and uh I'm not looking for advertised I want to hold a phone number out I just want to help you anyway I could or if you're going to your course that question if you want to get back to me I'll be out of the car I'll just try to help any objective way I can you go thanks a lot well I'll talk to you a little later okay so you will call him later on this afternoon yeah set this up okay okay although I don't know what you need it for I don't I'm not quite new up I just maybe have a brain wrap that they can do for you I have to go to no you don't have to go I'll go to shorties yeah you go to this point hello you can eat now go inside and wrap yeah exactly I'll be wrapping and you'll be eating how's that okay okay let's take a call from date county hello yeah if I recognize that voice anywhere oh yeah oh yeah something across between Jeff Strecco and the godfather Broward hello hello Neil yeah are you doing I'm a long time listener first time right well we have no prizes for you sir it's a cheap show I don't want any prizes I just enjoy listening to the show good so um what is this what do they put on you they put some gonna cream on yes some kind of a secret mong yeah yeah yep there's nobody said there's secret formula yeah yeah yeah are you gonna try it out well what I'm gonna go first I'm gonna go home tonight and I'm gonna put secret under my arms and see if that word no I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a shot I sure am what are you crazy that this work if this works for me this guy can retire in about two weeks yeah yeah if they can get me down to looking like um now be careful well that's like bird wrap yeah that's for one of our friends over here bird wrap in fact he's gonna be singing a little bird wrap in the one o'clock hour true yeah okay hey listen speaking a wrap I got our resident super super star was in here this morning and he left us one of his latest what is it called Betty Sue I used to play you being in again okay listen have a wonderful life story but you know what that was tight was that little loose he worked on his double you're digging on the one and only Cody might see him wanna tell you a little story about this real fine girl that was really funky fresh and rocked my world and on the beat box Leo rock hit it hit it hit it hit it hard welcome to the WI and Z cafeteria the guy that comes by that was there the other night by the way that was Derrick Smith again who had a Cody my C and Betty Sue will play the whole thing tomorrow but enough is enough for right now. But anyway, the guy who came by who is pushing that Sadie's buffet. Oh yeah. What is his story anyway? I mean, that's a guy whose friends with Chris, over little Chris that was on a show. Well, who's 12 now he had a birthday so he's getting more legal every moment. That's right. But still little child he's 12 year old boy obsessed. And we can talk about him because that's why he was here because David's legal. See, he's in Sadie's buffet now. He's a week and talk about him. He won't hear. Okay, well, let's take the break first and when we come back we'll try to figure out what that's all about, okay? Because he's like, try is right. Yeah, we're going to try to figure out. Hey, he's obsessed with that whole thing. Oh, and it's all he's talking about. There's nothing worse than when somebody becomes obsessed. Listen, we all have our thing. You got your thing. You always got his thing. What a show. What a show. You can say that again. How did I say the WINZ 94.0 on your AM dial? 22 past noon at the home of hysteria. WINZ. Okay, let's should we take some more calls here because they seem to be flashing rather frantically here. Must have a lot of rappers out there. Hopefully you don't want to discuss Sadie's buffet. We can move on. Oh, I forgot about that. Well, you know, there's been a lot of distraction in here in the last two after three minutes. Yeah. The WINZ and the cafeteria San Paya in Hilea. So we were talking about Sadie's buffet. Yeah. It is all the man talks about. I don't know his name. What is his story? He was there and he just goes on and on and on about your coupons. He gives me these coupons and I'm sure it's a very nice place, but I mean, he just, he's got stock in the place or what? I think stuff on Morrison's own that place. If they do, don't think. But what is his story? I've never seen anything like that. I mean, I signed like eight autographs while he was rambling on and on about the Sadie's bowl of eight. Eighty. Yeah, eighty. It's for like it. I mean, he's a nice guy and all of that book. Yeah, there's something there that doesn't meet the eye. Well, he, yeah, he introduced us to Chris. It will always be grateful for Chris was great. And, um, but ever since every time he comes by, he gives me like a pamphlet for Sadie's buffet every time I see him. He'd have any pamphlets this time, did he? Monday night, just coupons? He had some table scraps from just today. Yeah, brunch. Did you tell him you've never been there? Did you tell him that? You don't have the heart. I didn't have time. I had four billion people looking for autographs and pictures there. And I'm getting like a sermon on the mount about Sadie's buffet and about the ropa-deez of the hours and you can do this and you're supposed to go at this time to be to crowd. Why don't you go up there sometime? Like on a Sunday or something? Let's check it out. Stay County, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay, bud. Good. I went up Monday and I saw you guys I had a great time. Good. It was really great. I'll pay you that bird. I love pie and I got my Christmas goose a little early this year. Good. It's serious, sir. I don't know about that guy. I know. I'm thinking, munga, my shirt too. Well, that's possible. Very likely. What do you want to speak of fun? Yeah. Sound. Sound. Good. That's the way we like it. Hey, I saw the movie extremity. You saw it? Yeah. It was a good movie. I thought the ending was really stupid. They should have killed that guy. Are you okay if anybody, if anybody is listening to us and seen it, you just killed all of them. Okay, it's gonna give a voice already, sir. You know, they're gonna turn this guy over to the police and he's gonna get out with some wire on your wall. You know, and he's gonna call nice and film again. So I mean, what's the point of movie? I mean, if she had killed an idiot, I might show on it too. They know what a bit of going movie. What is that sound, you know? Right now? Yeah. You're really excited about this phone call, yeah. Yeah, some exciting eating, is that okay? I'm gonna go, you're, you're, you're more developed. I mean, I'm not a crazy fan, you know, I don't want to piece your body. Well, nobody else does either, Sonori, about that. Where are you calling from, by the way, that background noise is really interesting. I'm going from North Miami. Oh, I work. Well, that explains. That explains it, you know. And, you know, I just want to say, you know, I don't know you near OGIS. Certainly, that you're on Stan and I'm even for the bird and I'm not a little bit... Trillman. Like next time you make a big pot of soup, throw them in, you know. You guys are, uh, cold entertainers, what, what is the toast meaning of the word? You know, you're not these, uh, you know, Madonna, Michael Jackson, Superstar. You guys, 12 to 1st to 1st, but 4 8 hours a day. You bet. It's murder. And, you know, some, you know, many people in this world, but you entertain me. I'm a tough audience. And, uh, I just want to thank you for being here. Well, tell our management that, would you please? I mean, I think a lot of people... They have a motto here when in question, or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shut. I know. No, be, you know. Yuri is running around little circles in the HGM. Ah, the sky is falling. This guy in a calm down, relax, you know. Leave us alone. It's, uh, you know, there are a lot of many people that can entertain us. You know, even, uh, he's so cold comedians. They put on HBO and send him back. So, I mean, they're month. Yeah, you can say that again. You know, you are real. You mean, you know, I didn't really get to talk to you, because I got to a rain, I was soaked, and there was a no-in screaming. Well, crazy people around you. Yeah, there were a lot of screamers there, all right? But, uh, you know, there's a great crowd, and, uh, don't have to kind of people. I really appreciate what you would say and do, because, like I said, you know, I'd true interpainers. And, uh, there's no one that tells you, you know, the media or the record business or show business that can punch you. That really means that. Well, I don't know about that. There's some of them that could touch me, but I don't, I don't think I can... I can't go to a Canadian touch anymore. Yeah, now you're talking. Oh, this is a good call. Yeah, this is a good call. Oh, no. No. Now, Betu, did you put it on freeze frame? Uh, no, I'm not, you know, I don't go that way, but... Oh, listen, I saw I saw the previews for about last night with Roblo. I've heard of movie. And the previews that I saw, he seemed to be rather naked in most of that, like, where is it? Is it? It's not a good one, it's a great movie, but, uh, it's interesting, you know, it's a good action, and I'm in that... Good action, huh? That's what I like. Oh, Jim Belushi, he's really close and funny. Yeah. Which is right up, is no random white film, but, uh... Now, he's just playing out his brother's name, you know, and... Oh, hey, everybody plays on your brother's name. Sure. You know? Look at the bird. I mean Michael Jackson is playing out his sister's name, you know? You know, bad, and how his sister's body, too, but that... Oh, and, uh, one of us think you're getting to the rest of the day, what's the date of his day, is he? Yeah? Yeah, I'm telling you, a real nice guy, but, I mean... I'm not a negative one, I'm just gonna say I think he's kind of dead. I mean, if I was sitting there, I'd be like... They're ignoring me, so they're ignoring me. I don't hear me, so you're from his room. And you ignore it, they're all ignoring me today. I don't know what it is. You know, I mean, I just said you're fucked. Every time you put their jelly linels, they're gone, I'm not gonna be... The mayor's going to be on the other side. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, go ahead. What, what, I go to sleep at night, uh, you know, I got the clock lady of the clock, and I just... It happens to be on WF-H, because I don't listen to what I just need and ride music like you. So the other day, you went to have my laptop, and I was looking for a clock in the morning, and he was calling me as lead, and he must have gone into your... Somebody. Really? First thing I heard of, no. No! No! No! All right, you're on me. No! No! No! What a show! I'm for a white, unpaid radio, and be dry. Sure! Move it across the river. I just like Ontario, and I'm like, here. Well, I still have a wonderful life. You're a great caller, and you have excellent taste. Yeah, thank you. You too. I couldn't agree more. It's a good call, or it's a good call. Couldn't agree more. I tried on call. Every point he made, actually, when he said you mong gone his leg or something. That's my favorite part of call. That's the honest show. Yeah. Well, I told you, was possible. Do you believe that they're doing cartwheels in the HM? Do you believe that? Why should today? It seems to be under control, and here isn't it? Where's everything fine? Why do you think that? A.B. any different than every other day? Manistana Halalahaze. Me call, hale los. Isn't that the name of somebody used to work for other God for your I think? I don't think so. I've never had any Jews working for him. That ain't it. That's why they name the street after my Miami Beach. Okay, let's go to a Broward. Hello. I do. Do what's happening, dude? This is Joey. Doodah. Doodah. Doodah. Doodah. A couple minutes for it's not proper organization. Joey, who? Joey Reynolds. It does, something. Go ahead, Joey. I got some questions for the bird. What can we do for you, Joey? Uh, what's he eat for Thanksgiving? Boy, now that is a, what a question. And a comment for the bird is if he would have had this day of on when you were gone to serve the day of bury, you might have had a decent bill. Yeah. And also I was going to have to bird. How he knows Michael Jackson? Because I noticed that when you play the beat it song, he talks about holding a Gwen Hill on his hands. So I think you have something that's going around. Glenn Hill disease. Yeah, you've got the one of those rare bird diseases, you know? Glenn Hill disease. Just want to lean next to you for a while. Well, okay, bye, Neil. Wait a minute. What do you do for tonight? You guys are swimming. You're not just, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Did you say Joey or Jeff? You can stay home. Oh, this is Jeff. That's what I thought. I'm just going to catch you. Oh, the way Neil, you'll be disappointed in about last night. Will I? Yeah, the movie is saying kiss you. Well, what do you want to do in this at night? I don't feel that much around, low. Really? Now, there's no more of his girl. Yeah, okay, well, Glenn, all like it. Good. I didn't really like it. I didn't even more. Jimmy Moore is real cute, but did he more? Yeah, exactly, but it's not much of a movie. I like it. Dave liked it. What did you like about a best day? Did Lee Moore. Did Lee Moore? Did Lee. Dolly Moore? Oh, that would be your interview. Sure, not good guys. Okay. Bruce Willis's girlfriend, does his car. Jimmy Moore? Jimmy Moore? Really? It's a real, it's a real, it's a real. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Hi. Okay. Jimmy Moore is a Bruce Willis's girlfriend. I thought Jimmy Moore wanted to be married. It's more on, it's ever come up. I thought he married. Emilio Estres. Did Emilio Estres? Is it that who married Emilio? Wow. I can't remember. Here comes. All right, here comes. Will the WI and Zee LaBottom is, please report to the Fox Studio. And then it turns out. Oh yeah. Jimmy. Yeah, Jimmy Moore. Jimmy. They were the ones that were said. Jimmy was in the exorcist. Why, you do this to me, Jimmy? Right. You're right. That's right. Do you remember that? The priest mother. Yeah. I remember. And he kept envisioning her walking down the subway. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. Did you see the exorcist? No, I didn't. Are you serious? Are you alive? Are you done? Are you alive? Are you alive? Are you alive? Are you alive? Why not? Why? Didn't seem like a good movie at all. Are you just kidding me? One of the greatest in history. It's the role. They don't have to watch it. When you always want to have Linda Blair, they're puking piece of all over you. Wouldn't it? That could be a dream of yours? I'll rent them over here. God. Do you? I happen to have it at home, but you know. 26 till 1. Just a joke. Not necessarily. All right. 26 till 1 at WI and Z. And everybody seems to be really coming to life. Now we have a lot of attention in the building. And we'll come right back. As a new bro hustler, round the disco hall. Get rid of it. I don't worry about it. She's like a moth's a ball. You have to be me who the shots. Hangin' to leave. You just won't have got a baby. Be all the cream and cheese. Wait. Wait. Wait. Thanks. These are my son, my son, my son, and... I'm their kosher disco king. He's a lot of some, but some, but some, and... He's got a bee. Oh, my son, man. Right, guys. Hey, rookie, rookie, rookie. Yeah. We've got a few, much, many, look to where you are. Alright. Yeah, come back. We're a bruh man. Oh, we've got a few, much, many, look to where you are. Hey, folks, what do you say? We're grabbing that cream down. He's got a good chea. Y'all are getting this is no chance. I can eat my chicken liver, and any men are wise. That's forget for me. Hey, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right out there, right, shake your mouth, look at you. Ah, man. Yeah, sure, crescent here, you got her own crown. He's a lot so much so much so man. He's got to be a much so man. I'd like to tell you that I'm not a part of baby. He's got a lot so much so much so man. Maybe Vikatoa, do you know where I'm going? I'll be by boy, so dear. Okay, now who says we discriminate on this show? There's something, there's a little something for everybody. Well balanced, even for some of your crown. I was going to say some of your people, but I think people would have been a wrong word. Okay, let's take some more calls because everybody is in such an upbeat mood around here. Better. Or is it beat up? Yeah. Well, a lot was great by the way. Yeah, we're in the kind of patients we're in. Excellent. Did meet up to these were good, the sandwiches were great, chips satisfied. Chips satisfied. Chips satisfied? I'm very satisfied. Nuts. What's in there, please? Temptation. See how easy he is to satisfy? Now my taste tend to be a little bit more demanding, demanding. Yeah. Okay. Well, I forgot about the cheesecake too, which we're going to invite up for dessert. Oh, look at him, just come to life over there. I'm stuffed. You know something? Like this, you're going to have to be reading our minds. He's reading our minds. We didn't know that the operation was over yet, but that's exactly what we had in mind. Doesn't everybody want to have a stuffed bird on their fireplace mantle? And of course most of us in Florida have a fireplace, yeah. Oh, sure. Like, a fairer faucet. Yeah. No, that wasn't. That was LA, wasn't it? Where that movie took place? Yeah, LA. Yeah. You need it there, too. Ooh, look at this in there. Oh, you are going to just mung when you see this. You're just going to go nuts. Do we have little plates? No. Now, have any plates? No. No. So I can bring some in for us. Yeah. Or, then, I know there's silverware back there, or a plastic stuff, because I put it back there yesterday. My own little hands. Hold bagpul. We have silverware. Okay. Excuse us for reading on earphones, but, you know, it's matter of priorities. Let's take a call from Broward. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Just fine. You were talking about a session before. I was just curious, and what your session was with the ice cream. A session? A session? Oh, I'm a session. A session. No, I don't have. I'm all over that now. Oh, you all, you've had your stuff. Yeah. We had, well, so to speak, yeah. Yeah. You had an epivisic cream. Yeah. I just curious if it was a deprivation of some sort. No, we're moving on to bigger and better things now. A lot of, for body wraps, I hear. Yeah. Well, you know, I hope it works out for you. I really don't go for those things. I really strictly go for calories and exercise, but whatever works for anybody. That's what it's all about. Why do you're desperate? You know, I've been on all these different diets. If you could see this dietetic cheesecake that I'm holding in my hand, even as I speak, you would absolutely go into ecstasy. I'm serious. It's got like raisins in it. It's an actual dietetic cheesecake. Yeah, you know what it's like? It's like, it's like, it's, no, seriously. Listen to me. It's like, strutal, strutal wrapped around cheesecake. And there's the other, I mean? Yeah. And it looks sensational. Oh, that's great. Well, I hope it works and I hope to hear from you on the radio about how it happened. Oh, you'll be the first one to know. Sounds great. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Okay, there's a little, oh, not on that. Come on. Oh, my God. If you could see this foul creature behaving like some kind of a nerd from outer space. How about on, uh, stands team magazine. We put it on that. Yeah. Okay. Just don't get it on, uh, what's your name's picture there? What's your name? That little three-year-old girl on the cover? They count, eh, hello? Hello? Now, you're going to, what happened to those forks that we were going to have forks? Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead, sir. Don't, don't let us bother you. Um, I spoke to the verdict today because I was calling you, but you weren't there, you heard me last night. Oops. And it gets a really cute little laugh, you know? I like that. Really? Yeah. That's an interesting thing. You'll see it inside of it. This could be the big start of something good for you here now. Yeah. Listen, did you get the invitation to the strand? Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. Didn't you call and tell them we can't go? No. No. Well, I appreciate it, but short notice, you know. Oh, okay. Then they have something on. Hmm. Wow. It's great. Ah. Oh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Sir, I want to tell you something. What was that? I think I just died and went to have it. This is great. Please, cake. Wake up your taste buds. Wake up your taste buds. This is so good that it's orgasmic. This makes sex seem like just a little tickle on the toe. I'm telling you, it's just, uh, unbelievable. You can't eat cheesecake and have an herbal wrap too, you know? Well, that's not sad later in the week. Uh-huh. All things must pass, you know what I mean? Listen, how do you get Bob Martinez out of office? With a whopping crane, I guess. I don't know. No, no, it's not a joke. I don't have any idea. Why are you asking that in the middle of this show? Is that? That I get a minute. Don't play me. I didn't vote for him. He's a maniac. A moron, a douche. What could I tell you? I don't know. Run out in the streets and ask all those idiots that voted for him. Well, what's the attitude of that ice cream shop that you go to? No, no, no more. No more. No more freebies from us. No, no, no, no. We don't go there anymore. We don't go there anymore. We don't go there anymore. We don't go there anymore. We don't go there anymore. Okay. And we wish them the best and good luck to them. Now we move on to other things. Okay. And we're going to be at the Emelting Pot Friday night having fondue. Uh-huh. And who's joining you? I will. Dave is going to be the waiter and stand major. We'll be there and we have a Sharon and her. One of her several boyfriends and whoever else makes reservations for dinner. Nine p.m. Friday. Okay. Okay. Okay. Go to the thrando to see Blar. I think this guy's got a little hearing problem. I said we appreciated very much, but it's just not in the cards right now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. What? I think he was, he just wanted to be a phenomenal or what better than it ought to be. It's better than any of the years. Does yours have green things in there? It's just mine. It's so worried about it. It's green things. Yeah, there's little green things in there. I don't know what it is. Are they alive? It's like green peppers or how peppers are something. Is it good or what? It's great. Well, don't like tics through it. Okay. Like eat it. Don't worry about it. Just eat it. And if it's good, that's all you need to know. All right. Is it good? Mm-hmm. Okay. Talking with his mouth full again. I wonder what they call this. This is, um, it says strutal of the day. Strutal by the strip. And, um, this is strutal with cheesecake inside. And it's like dietetic because the cheese is evidently like ricotta or something. Do you think so? Mm-hmm. So it looks like. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Better than it ought to be. Oh, I... I am telling you, wow, you have never, ever tasted anything like this in your life. Those green things are great. What are they, though? I don't know, but they're great. Don't worry about what they are. We're about what they used to be. Okay, that's what the story is. What they were many wounds ago. I don't want to know. The ancient Greeks planted those. Mm-hmm. And they've been, uh, rowding ever since. Okay. You know, those green. I know. What a pity you were there. I wasn't going to tell them where they planted those, but I look at that. He's picking through it. They're like, they're raising. They're raising. Yeah. Yeah. Strutal has raisins in it. Is it yummy? Have you ever had apple strutal? Yeah. I never had one with that raisins in it, though. Oh, but that's the best. Strutal isn't strutal without raisins in it. What kind of goiim am I surrounded by here? You know, what, what, what is this? Maniacs. Isn't tomorrow young kipper? Is it again? No, what do you mean it here? Oh, God. Why don't you wish everybody a happy young kipper? Happy young. No, come on. It's just a joke. It's not a happy home. No. It's a, it's a, it's a day of a full boy. Oh, oh, boy. It's a day of a tough day of a tough day. Happy holiday. Yeah. Happy, happy holiday. Come cheese. I'm going to make you a cup of tea. Good. God. I'm going to make you a cup of tea. Yeah, happy good Friday. What a, no, what a schlamillo. What a schlamozle. What a schmendrin. Is it really? This is, I just, I ordinarily, you have never seen me just lose it over food. I mean, we've all got stuck. Come in here. I've lost it over some other things. Nothing personal day, just relax. No, you never. Is it good? Do you never get this excited over food? Look at him. He's like, seriously. Like in heaven. This made the whole day with wild. Yeah. Well, you must admit, now we took good care of you here the last two days, right? Yes, I see. If you're good, you're alarm co-op. He's just a little bit. Just a little bit. Try it. Just a radio show. Snuck. Okay. Let's take another call. It's amazing. We're having such a good time in here. It's like, how dare you enter land? Yeah. That's what I've heard. Chaos radio. Dave County. Hello, welcome to WINZ. Hi. Hi. Hi, how was lunch? It is phenomenal. It is. Or gazmic. I right now am inspired by. By the career opportunities of broadcasting this site. I got three lunch on the radio. You bet. Three bees everywhere. It's great. I mean, I think I want to run out and become a broadcaster if some sort. That's why Stan got into what he and I just. not even understand they were talking about food though when they said freebies. Well, you know, you got to leave standalone a little bit, you know, you don't want to pick on him. He doesn't eat his lot of be left alone. Well, I got to listen to him in the afternoon, so you know, you want to keep him in a happy mood because when he gets to the bad mood, he's no fun to talk or listen to. That's true. He gets very, certainly. Yeah, sure does. I mean, what I noticed about your show finally is why I've been listening to the past few months. It's actually entertaining. Oh, you're finally discovered that. That's good. Discovered. I have been listening. And today I'm away home from school. I was saying, my, oh, my. This is a fun show today. And you guys are having a good time today. I can hear it's a good time for the rate taste of lunch. Yeah, I guess so, but let's not, let's not play that tape because now. No, let's boycott. Hi, you know, we're going to boycott him. You know, I wouldn't listen to him anyways. I mean, I haven't started listening to your station all day long now. Good. Tell the management that tell the nervous psychotic management that. I think I think we're going to send Gary for a head rat. Oh, I just haven't so much fun today listening. I know. I know. I just had to call in and tell you that today is, I think, one of the better shows I've ever heard really. But, uh, did you hear that must be because Davis here today, huh? He just figured it out. Yeah, I mean, it's just been so much fun. Yeah, Davis just, you know, good spirited souls here to eat a little and a laugh a lot, you know. Yeah, it's, it's a good show. It's, it's really great. I'll call the management for you. I'll look it up in the phone book. OK, so I just, I couldn't, I couldn't restrain myself. Oh, it's an attract me up every time as well as the other caller. I, you know, these these little tapes you have and everything are incredible. All right, now, want to make my last offering. I have one piece of this lift. I'm making it to Kyle. I'm telling you, trust me, saving it for you. If you don't want it, that's okay. I understand. But I wouldn't steer you wrong. OK, there's been a lot of food here over these last three and a half years. But I am telling you, my hand of the sky, that if you eat this, it'll make up for a lot of these calls. Trust me. OK, thanks a lot. All right, thank you. I'll read it there. Hey, bye. 2, 4, 6, 8, hike. By the way, Stan was a little confused yesterday, but it does appear. The networks are going to televised the scab game. Oh, yeah. I know. So those of you who've been picking and scratching out there because of the strike and are just healing up right now, you can kind of match your scabs to the ones on the field this weekend. Yeah, Gary was here from Dough and Digest about an hour ago and he said that the dolphins are definitely getting their scabs together. And they are going to play a scab. Yeah, they shouldn't heal by self. Let's get all the scabs in town together and heal them up for you know. He said it's good. We could get the earnest angely in here to heal up everybody's scabs by the weekend. Right. And of course, they're going to be just tremendous followings for that. I say a plague on all of them. It's going to be what? You know what I say what? It's going to be right up there with a renafootball, I think. Yeah. It's going to be right on the same level. Our resident sports, Mr. sports. And of course, you know, that's my favorite arena football. Yeah. It's almost as good as indoor soccer. Yeah. This I'm Tony and of course the tractor pull. I don't know what to say about this. Am I right? Am I exaggerating? You're not exaggerating. That's the best. It has cheesecake I've ever had. Didn't you have a little sexual excitement when you ate this? Well, yeah, I felt something strange happened. Yeah. Below. Well, just wait. Okay. It's a 741 at WI and Z. We'll go right back. Yeah. And WI and Z. And welcome to Bird Brain Radio. Let's take a call from date County. Hello. One of my favorites. Now is there someone there? No. You told me to just say fingers there. I want to tell you which one. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. This is the Annibra Ball Nancy Holly. Nancy, how are you? Fine. They called you for multi-U.I. heard. They certainly did. Right. I want you to know. The gentleman's name is with you as Dave. Yes. I don't need pictures. And you don't need to see him because as long as my family knows and everything knows that. That's not important. That's not important. That was a little shot. I don't know. I didn't know that. That's good. It was a little shot. I don't know if that's our way if I was there. I'd come down and show you pictures before and after. She didn't like what you said. Oh. No, no, no. You're taking him seriously. No, no. Yeah. It's just a radio show. No. But I went down. I'm losing you for some reason. Your ankles all the way up to your bus. I'm going to take everything. Yeah. And I did lose eight and three quarter inches. It was amazing. And how long? Just once. One does it. Oh, boy. One of the girls in the office. One her first visit. She was 17 and three quarter inches. Holy Toledo. And like how many times do you go back? I'm going back again tomorrow. But like it's all stayed off. It stayed off. And the woman that called. It said about the saran wrap. This you're being wrapped like an eighth bandage. Oh, I see. Like a mummy. It's weird. You look like a mummy by the time you're finished. Some of us already look like a mummy. Well, I'm not a mummy, but I look like a mummy that night. But they wrap you and everything. And as they unwrap you, you can see the difference. Really? It was amazing. My family thought it was amazing. People that know me looked at me one day. And then they said, what you doing overnight? I said nothing. And a lot of people don't know where I went. Of course, now they know where I went. But that's why I said it was the crazy horse. Hey, partying. No, just a joke, Nancy. Just a joke. I didn't hear it. I was said to the crazy horse. It's just a joke. Hey, I don't. If I was good enough, I could go on stage. I know. That's why I said it. Well, listen, where news is coming up. But I want to really thank you. I've got your letter. And I wish you the continued good luck. And I'm serious. If this is, you know, if this is it, I'll call you tomorrow. It'll be on stand show and leave the mess with him. I'll let you know it's my alternative. See, you're going back tomorrow. And like it last about an hour. You're in the wrap for about 50 minutes. And the wrap is uncomfortable because it's like having pads on and everything else. Because you look like a football player. But I'm so excited. You feel like a hockey player. But it's wild. But you actually can see in a immediate difference. Fantastic. Okay. Well, listen. Good luck in the check in tomorrow. Okay. Thanks, Nancy. Bye. How do you like that? I'll be darn. You sure will. There's no doubt about that. The whole world is what vote unanimously on that. That you'll be darn. Okay. Mike Wolf is back. How about that? With tomorrow, our favorite local and airy news headlines. We're going to have CBS news and want to clock substituting in position to be for the farmers insurance spot because of the boycott against the Florida Governor Martinez's tax or because of the arrogers and his disgusting show. One of the other. And then we'll come back at 106. New arrogers. They're one of our kind listeners. A couple of our cutlets. You sent over an emergency gift. Vince and Mary. And it said this worked for us. We will now pass it on to you. Place it on your fridge. Or while it works directly in front of you with best of luck. Vincent Mary. And that nice. And it's the Miss. Midg fridge. Miss Icebox International Calorie Counter. With her picture on the front of it. You seen this? Yeah. Incentive. I was looking for something in the rack to see if we could place something. Another was fitted with this perfect. And I thought maybe Jeff's right here with it. A little bigger than life. Oh, good feeling good when you know things I'm going right. I hold my mind in a fine and it's fitting and now coming inside. Good and old. Well, I'm not sure all I can know. I'm a man who can hold you. I love you. I love you. I love my way. You're a guy. You're a good person. You're so fine. I don't think I'm going right. You're a guy. You're a guy. You're a guy. And it's free. You're a man. And it's free. You're a good feeling so fine. You're a good feeling. Feel like I'm away You're a fan of me Feelings so hard I know it's time Feel that feeling free Good and bad Feelings feel fine Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free Feel that feeling free and control yourself oh boy a lot of heavy breathing in sound floor to right now no question about that bigger than life just striker on 94.0 INZ what number is that on our chart number on as in undress okay let's go back to the calls and it's just been a bubbly day here today all we need a little champagne would top it off just right wouldn't it? something is in the air and it's not thunderclap Newman Howard County hello hello yes sir what's Neil? yeah how are you doing? great how are you doing? great that's it. I want to ask you a question okay ask me anything all right you know those secret answers on the radio where you know a lot of the say so on and so forth that words yeah right so how come they're last night on TV at settle 39 yeah they put on this program don't say the words now no but they put on this program that's stalker right and over the show about the rattle kinds of tips and booms and all this stuff all over the TV they were bouncing around all over the TV yeah really attached anything or like basketball come again no I'll pass here it's really oh well I can do that I can monitor well because some people are not monitoring I guess they're more obsessed with what we say on the radio and you know why not if people want to watch it fine if they don't want to watch it let him turn it off don't you think it's about time we grew up that's true that's what the pubic wants yeah but you know I can I can I want to see some booms bouncing around on their TV yeah but you know you won't be able to see no that well now you can it's a great some of the same can't see it anywhere except on channel 39 right stand cable playboy channel well okay that's ridiculous like on the magazine they even cut out the ladies wearing wearing just a regular negligence and bronze like a skintide wear like a skintide suit and you bet why not put it on the newspaper what's wrong with that why should they put on the the first the first the first the first the first the first the first the first the day of the day uh... not a lot not too much really not in sale lot but like a little like a little a little bit of a is and come thebane time of the Week On the left, yeah, yeah, we work on the left. I mean, my partner doesn't particularly like the burger, because every time he laughs, he said, what I got really proud of stupid. I had to position that's the whole cake in the show. You see, Neil's lost in the burger last. Yeah, he catches on quick. Yeah, very good. Okay, listen, have a wonderful day and tell your partner he's a jerk, okay? Okay, guys, but you take a life. See you later. A lot of important questions of that man's mind. Yeah, well, let's go for it, huh? How did that line get on hold, I wonder, hello? Hello? Were you on hold? Yes, I'm waiting to talk to Neil Rogers. You're speaking to him right now. Hi. Isn't that exciting? That's exciting. I heard you guys talking about lunch earlier today. It was just, be on belief. But, just honestly, you know, you live in plantation I understand. Yes. And I'd run to let you know what happened to a friend of mine today. And myself, we went to a restaurant plantation called Oliver. Have you ever heard of it? Oliver? Yes, it's on. Oh, I know where it is. It's in a little tiny strip shopping center. It's on sunrise? Yeah, and now, University. Yeah. Well, we went there. We were eating lunch. And Oliver's we've enjoyed Oliver for so long for eating lunch. And there was a bug in my friend's soup. So we called the owner of the house? Did they charge him for it? Excuse me? Did they charge him for it? No, we ended up having to walk out. I mean, for the bug. It was so rude. Really? Oh, my God, it was terrible. Are you sure? You mean, there was a bug in a soup and they were rude about it? Yes. There was a plane. It was called tea broccoli soup. That sounds good. It was very good. That's a matter of fact. Until my friend said, oh, there's a bug in my soup. Well, when it made me not want to eat mine either. And we called the waitress. I've earned shelter. The waitress to do it. Yes, that is a bug in your soup. And I don't know if he ever was with no. That's not a bug. She found out to know it. And she walked away. So we called the inn, or again, we said, this is a bug in our soup. What do you mean it's not a bug? Huh? What was it like a look alike? It was a little brown bug. He was laying there on his stomach, which is makes. I mean, you can tell he was a bug. Yeah. And in the dead position, right? In the dead position, exactly. No, but I just think that people should know that this lady was just totally rude about the whole thing. And it's really ridiculous. She wouldn't help us. She didn't offer us anything. She said, she ended up saying, I'm not going to argue with you people about this and walk away. Oh, nice. Well, I guess you'll be going back tomorrow for lunch, huh? Yeah. We're going to go back. Because the math exercise, I think people should know that. It's just terrible the way it's just lady treated us. And they shouldn't go to Oliver's anymore. Okay. Even though their food was alright until then. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, I'm not going to get into it because, you know, I don't want to get into the soup with you. But whatever you say. All right. All right. Okay. Good luck. See you at Fud Rockers. Which is another story. Yeah. They stand online. Have you ever gone there? Yeah. And it didn't impress me too much. No. First of all, I wanted to have a... Well, not only that, but you go in and you see all that dead meat hanging in the window. That's weird. It gives me a good ad. Boy. Yeah, it's like driving by cemetery village. Where's the all that dead meat? It's kind of like that. Yeah. How the too much? And then you go in there and you're like, wait forever. Yeah. All right. You know, what's your name? Joe. Okay. Joe. We'll call your name when it's ready. Yeah. They call your name. They call out every other name in the history of the English language first. Yeah. In fact, I was in there. You're probably going to think I'm making this up. So this is a true story. I was in there and they called out there were like five people in front of me. And they called out five names and I thought, well, I'm going to be next right and a stick. A little mic that they got in there that you speak or system. And they said, they were, see, I have to go shopping downtown from my mother. She needs some tortillas and chili pepper. Unbelievable. So that's a true story. No. Well, listen, you got to use that for something. I don't know how to have a news that had so long since Jorge has been a quiet. The always reminds me of Pat Boo and when I heard it. Yeah, it heard very bad. Okay. I think we're going to take a break now. And then when we come back, the lines are continuing to just do a Mexican tap dance. Right on the phone. They're going to have a great mood. And they really are. Because David's here. Hey, you haven't been talking a lot, but you inspire them. Exactly. All the falls have been good. They know that you're here and they just light up their life. Exactly. Like Debbie Boone. Or a sunny would say like Grandma Boone. 19 past one at WINZ will be right back. Two past one at WINZ Davis here. Mr. Sports is here also. And we're just talking about some of the highlights of the Atlanta Bravesies in this year. What do you think that was? Yeah. I got my deal Murphy plaque. What do you got? Okay. Now, sunny Fox said something about my saying about he had a banana Isma. There's something like that. Yeah, punched in in the middle of it. Didn't hear the beginning. But he was talking about, yeah. It's morning. He says something about it. If you say it one more time. What that sunny has a banana in his mouth. He'll be real happy. I think that's right. I hope you're happy sunny. Excellent. He's a vacationing with Grandma Boone this afternoon. Wait. He's always like a snack. You know what I mean? They're awesome. Why, why? Why? Why? Thank you very much. Okay, let's take what to be great if we get sunny and Elvis Jr. do what to do. Oh, oh. Why? They're a mumble together, baby. I'm real sorry I didn't get to meet him Monday. He's a good guy. You didn't come over and say hi. I'm real sorry, Mr. Who was he with? The shower lady. Michelle, the shower lady. Why. What a couple. Boggles of the mind. Oh, I'm seeing the Michael Jackson sock. Howard County, hello. Yeah, sir. Great. Had a good time meeting all you guys yet in night. Great. Got all your autographs? No. No, I said I go for by the bird to get his autographs. And here he's right, not a woman's book. Yeah, that's true. Oh, I'm glad this guy called you know, Stan is usual, it's so full of it. You know, then he said that we didn't write on her bosom. He said that we signed it right in the middle and then when he was a long story about how he was writing for a half an hour. Man, I'm Tony, I left in Delible Marks on her breast. No, here it is. And you know, I ask her why she said, that's okay, you know, so I was writing a sign. I had to help in the middle there and you're hand slipped. Yeah, well, you know, it's understandable. But I ask her how it felt to her. She may have been in the middle because she only had one big breast in the middle of a chance with bizarre. But anyway, she said she loved it. Yeah. I had to feel the saliva running down the smile telling her. That was drool, sir. I don't know. I had to get it. That was a long time. Yeah. When let her go, yeah, three year old. Yeah, it'll three or three. We're stirring. How long? I couldn't get near Sam. Yeah, he kept screaming. He's painted he has parents. Yeah. Sam was stepping down. He started with a jack and long sleeve shirt. And then he's got the shirt off. Then he's got the jack off. And then he said, you want me to take the pants off here. But now I'll keep those. Yeah. Whatever you do, please. Yeah. Hey, pop it up. Park open Thursday night. I know it tomorrow night. It'll be great. All right. All right. I'm going to be there plunging my brains out this year. You watch. Yeah. I want some later, I guess. Good. Well, listen, we all like to contribute to the breed, right? Yep. OK. OK. Are we going to the track day? Yes, several times. Really? Yes. Which one? Pomp. Hey. Pomp? But no. We'll have to go sometime. Absolutely. I'll show you how to lose. It's style. Oh, come on. You can win. Do you do any good? I do all right. I'm with someone that knows what they're doing better than I do. You like it? Yeah, it's fine. The track I mean. Yeah. OK, let's take a call from, no, seriously. That's great. Yeah, we'll go. Absolutely. Did you hear that? Yeah? They've just made a little date. It's a date. You want to start spreading some ugly rumors now? You want me to leave? Yeah. OK. He's back to the enemy. So how he is? He's so insecure. Yeah. But I can't see you. Something. Don't you know, don't you have, I asked this yesterday. And I think it went over the heads of a lot of our horny or callers out there. Don't you have friends? Just friends who are acquaintances with whom you don't have sex. And have no desire to have. I have platonic female friends. Right. Yeah. Platonic female friends. Yeah. And evidently Dave does too. Sure. He has someone that's got them very upset because he has these secret desires. Like, Chrisie. Not so secret desire. She called yesterday and he was just, I want to tell you something. He was doing more than that. It was embarrassing. I can't tell you. Yeah. Did you go to the mice spindle school of confidence? That's what he wants to know. Oh, seriously. I mean, you know, isn't that what life is all about? A variety of different kinds of relationships, right? OK. I'm sure. Right. There's all kinds. You bet. OK. I wouldn't you like to have Dave as a friend? Oh, yeah. I think you made your point. I don't think any further explanation is necessary. Just a friend. I understand. I got it. I got it. Right. I think he likes me now. Yeah. Well, now let's not look crazy. Dave County, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Good. What's up, bro? You working Saturday again? Oh, yeah. I heard you were not very happy on Saturday. Working. No. I've never been very happy on Saturday, but they don't give it down. Well, you could take a religious holiday break if you don't kipper on Saturday. Well, Saturdays, you don't get to go for it. That's the day. You know what? That's great. Because that means this year it comes on a Saturday instead of on a weekday. So all of these instant Jews around here that take off on you, you know, high holy days, they're not going to get any extra day off. Well, you may not have any Jewish listening audience on Saturday either. Want to bet? I think you just gave me my show. I'm going to have all Jews in the first hour calling in. Well, which would you like some good silver fish? Please. And some potato lockies, too. Well, maybe just some gribbinous. You know, a little plateful of gribbinous. I haven't had those. My mother refuses to make that because it's poison. Well, by the time it got to be cold and rancid anyway. Not at my mother's house. So I'm talking to the studio. Yeah. That's how we like it. Cold and rancid. That's how I like my gribbinous. And that's how I like my men. Cold and rancid. Right. Right. Oh, fat. Fat. Fuy. It's like rice, isn't it? Not exactly. No. More like mung. Do you play the I-95 song anymore? No, we certainly do not. That's correct. That's correct. Okay. My secretary didn't believe it because I- I guess I must have heard it the last time you played it. Well, we only played it about 4,000 times. So, you know, regardless of what they think in Portland, I think we made the impact, you know. I know, but she never heard it. She said, well, yeah, well, that's why it goes. And have a nice day. Well, wait a minute. Are you there? Yeah. If she wants to send the Burtica set, he will send her the cassette with all those goodies we've got. And then that's on the tape. And then she can hear it and have it to play over and over again. Okay, I'll tell her that. That's true. Malatia the studio. Right to the bird. It's the bird. A 90 is best. A 90 minute cassette. 90 minute? Yeah, that's best. Okay. Then he doesn't have to turn it over. Exactly. That'll be terrific. Okay. Alright, have a nice day. Are we a judge? Yeah. Two-four, six-eight. Appreciate that, by the way. I appreciate you having given me more to do. I always am grateful. You know what this means? This means he'll have to bring more of his groupies and he'll be less than working there. He has never ever done a moment's work since they have known him. Howard County, hello. Yeah, the Iraqis place. Speaking. Oh, this is Ron Hachko. How are you? Okay, Ron Hachko. You know, we're meeting some of those, uh, temptation of silence and sandwiches. They are absolutely at this world. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pardon? Yes. And no calories. Yeah, right. Yeah. It was, was now Kyle and my right was a good, you know, a diet. A diet? A diet? A diet with crab meat. What is that? All out of sight. The baked potatoes are really superb. Good. What is it going? A feeding friends in here or what? Pardon? Pardon? Pardon? What is that? Oh, very good. I just want to give him, uh, give him a little plug. Is what you want, right? Yeah. How did I, uh, how did I pick up on that? How did you pick up on a plug? Yeah. Oh, like. I just didn't have a wonderful day, sir, but life goes on. No, it's good. These people get a little carried away some of you. Don't want to be. Well, Dave County. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I Dave and Hank Goldberg. How y'all doing? Good. I was down at the ice cream bar, but a lot of night. And, uh, every time I walk by, I'll stand holding a little baby in his arms. Yeah. And it's true. You know what you guys are saying? You bet. I was the one where I knew D.T.R.T. shirts. Oh, yeah. You gave me a little plug. Yeah. You gave me a plug. And you know, you don't get me a nice one. Yeah. I'm a fan of her. I'm a dean, so, you know. Oh, my God. There's no back. But anyways. I was sitting on my malt choked up. Yeah. I've got one. You can give me a plug. And you know, realize it. You keep mentioning the word, sir, Lee. Right? Yeah. Well, that's my last name. Except it's so. But it ends with an E. So like next time you say, sir, Lee, can you just say, sir, Lee, brother's nursery. And you know, give me a nice one. Oh, tell me if the plug's on this show. It's unbelievable. Well, I don't sell weekend. So I'm not after the business. Okay. Good. It's just, you know, you're only saying, sir, Lee, and people miss announce my name. And they'll look at you. Yeah. Like, sir Lee, Peters. Yeah. But anyway, it's been a class. Have a question? Sure. Dave. Yes. Go away. Yeah. This is not. I think you're all calling with the soup story, you know, the bug. Yeah. Anything like that happening in your restaurant? Um, no. No. Well, we have a point. What do you say? Um, he thought. Come on, Dave. All right. Like how many times has it exterminated come in? Once a month, eh? Um, we've been opening year. I haven't seen one yet. Ha ha ha ha. I mean a bug. He hasn't seen a bug yet. Not the exterminator. How about customers? See them? We see a few. Yeah. Great. Okay. Well, I just wanted to talk to you because it seemed like nobody. I know. I want to talk to you. Thank you for your question. What would you do if the situation did come up? Well, we would give a free dinner away. Definitely. Ah. See that's where customers write. Yeah. The way it should be. Hey, man. Let's face. You can help it if a little bug got in there. There's a lot of it. It's a lot of it. Of course. It's the sub-tropical, uh, mong. Yeah. Hey. To understand the right, sir. Right. Okay. I'm going to get back to work. Okay. Good luck. You know. This is Fred Rogers of Mr. Rogers' neighborhood. Okay. So, I think, uh, let's take one from Broward. Hello. Hi there. Neil. This is Lee Tom calling you from Broward. Which Lisa? I'm not going to tell you. From date. What if the best Lisa there is? What did you say? I'm calling about the bug. It seems that that young lady experience the early bug special. Yeah. The early bug gets the worm, man. I happened to go to that same restaurant about a week and a half ago. Oh boy. Here we go. Come on, this can Vince meet a call up to Nadmai opinion. I had ordered a hot roast beast sandwich and it came out and it looked really nice. But when I pushed the gravy aside, there was some real black meat underneath it and it was really gross. We don't discuss black meat on this show. That's good. Do I have a mean song? I wasn't about to eat it. You might want to call. I were ever on Sunday morning. But what if this black meat and the waksus came over and I made a comment. And I said, can you ask the cook as he would serve this to his mother? And the way she goes, knowing him he probably would. Not enough that says you're as much for the restaurant either. But I don't know what I would do. If you find something that was a bug in my food, I would not express the man. I could leave him to some respect. But I'd like to eat a banana toast. Yeah. But you know. I don't think they got a bug problem. I think they've got an attitude from the eggs. I've been made to a portion of it. Yeah. But I just wanted to call him to my piano. And that's about it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Finally, sir. One, two, one. I'm a man you and his money. And he did what was great. Not the side. He asked his soul to eat the y'all. He just took it right. The lady changed his mind. He's my pack. He gave a corner and it's on a four-prime. Okay. Welcome to a literate radio ladies from Japan on WINZ. Am I doing, I'm losing order. I know. Hello. What's ever says it, man? It makes no difference. They're all the same. Hello. See what I mean? Yeah. They're making a difference. Oh, they're bad. I like that one. Hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Oh, that's great. I didn't have the way down long. You're bad. Well, that's an accident. I had to call you last Wednesday. I'm on a car side. I just couldn't hang on that line. I had a perfecter for you. You could have more get your house on. I'm really sorry. You didn't answer the phone. After seven minutes, I didn't give up. Are you serious? I'm quite a good. Yeah. Where were sunny? You're hot. You're hot. Well, that's what it goes. Look, I'm a citizen face, sir. Well, it was 14 A. You were for two bucks. And I was, it was cold. You couldn't beat it. You know, where was sunny? Love the mud. And bossy was with right there the whole way with. There was coming out of the wreck you couldn't lose. But that's what I don't think. Just go back to the old form. Now I want to give you these thin winners. But you know, it's camp hold on all the time. I know. Love your intentions. Good. Exactly. Let's say it all. I'm saved all my money for poppin'o. Oh, that's ridiculous. I hate that. What do you mean you hate that? What does that mean you hate that? I can't stand those trotters. Why not? I just think it's ridiculous. I want a good flat. Give me the flat any day. Okay, where's your car park? I'll give you a fourth night. How's that? Thanks a lot, Neil. Hey, listen. You want to hear something? Don't you don't you know that harness racing is my life that I used to own Trotters years ago and you try? Are you cereal? You bet. I got. That's my life. Blood and soul and guts. Jesus. I just can't. No, not Jesus. I just got off on it. Now don't touch that line. No, no. Hey, listen, Neil. Sir, brothers, nursery is not funny. I want, oh, they're cutters. And you always mention my name, too. This is Tinkler landscape. Oh, yeah. Tinkler landscape. Yeah, you're a brother of my or me. You're resident fees. Right. It's true that you were all right. Brian's house at seven o'clock. A.M. Sting in the song, boys, one sex in the morning. Oh, isn't that cute? No, it's just, it'll be rumors, sir. I was at Dave's house in several days. I was thinking, boy, it's one sex. He was at Cindy's house. They're going to the same thing. Cindy? Christy. Christy. Christy, sir. Yeah. He's got anything like Christy. No, I'll tell you. And you know the incredible part of it is nothing is happening all the way around. So don't worry about it. I'll tell you. You got it. You've got it. You've got it. Have a wonderful life. And we'll see you around the old Tinkler barn. 23 minutes before 2 at WI and Z. The problem is we ate too much. You know, again, didn't we? Well, in your case, I had my sandwich with soul. The other half of what you had to eat too much. I had a little too much. Yeah. It was great. I'm happy and content content. Yeah, max stole half my sandwich. Okay, just a sample of the new format on Z. And we'll come back right after this. Get me a ticket for an aeroplane. Got to get on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vanne. Big me a letter. Bank rock. What do you mean bank grind don't throw how much money I got to spin? Can't stand to look at bad say Jack again. Won't throw in the towers. Still like by your powers. Oh, Vanne. Big me a letter. Hey, man, what do you mean there's no heavenfall? Vanne, big me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all two. Hey, man, is that an all over ten or what? Vanne, I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane. Got to be on the wheel of watching game. I just got to win. Spin the wheel again. Oh, Vanne. Big me a letter. Come and I'll pay the dollar. Hey, man, is that my place back? I love to win. Hey, man, is that word? Is it a loar rider? Oh, my loar rider. Forget the letter, man. I'll take Vanne away. You beautiful man. You're me, complete a home game. Got me a ticket for an aeroplane. Alright. I'm on the wheel of watching game. I just love that sound. I'm in the corner, drown. Hey, Vanne. Big me a letter. Lo's a turn. Hey, man, is that my place back? I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at that say Jack again. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. Oh, Vanne. Big me a letter. Please, Vanne. I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at that say Jack again. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. Oh, Vanne. Big me a letter. Please, Vanne. Big me a letter. Alright, I'm ready to big, baby. ABCD, FG and J. Take it. I'm gonna be going to the TVWX ID. That should cover, man. Alright, I'll take this sofa. The blender that might throw in the refrigerator. Hey, man, why do you mean five hundred dollars per up, black and white five in portable TV set? You got ripped off, man. My brother will not forget to be a host. You give me a money and I'll buy the TV set, man. Alright. Hey, Vanne. Come on, baby. Wonderful. It's 17 before two at WI and Z. And let's take some more calls. What do you say? Like, this one online, too. Yeah. Okay, that's my favorite. But, you know me. Try to remain impartial at all times. Brower and hello. Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Is the bird gonna be with you when you go down to the melting pot? No. Oh, but can we send them presents in the mail like a cat? Yeah. Oh, okay. Like a big bird eating cat. No, you're by the way. This month is also national dog month. And quails season is open. Yeah. Oh, you know, it's my bottom. I want to ask you something on that. That little sketch that you did with Neil Rogers disease. Yeah. Do you want to you guys do that? No. The voice sounds like melt blank. Where is that thing anyway? That was done by the guys at how 105. When you put that on, it sounds like bugs bunny and not kidding. Well, let's give it a listen and see, okay? Are you ready? Yeah. We'll all listen to it together. Okay. Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opa Laca, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Herald, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral times. The big young pencil, they say, all the ill. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing, sweet and low. I get you anything. How about those bad boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In... incredible. Neil Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what? I got a night. A night. What's the father got? Three points on the thing? Send your taxed up to the contributions today. In Caribbean 105. Perminal. Un. Beelievable. Un. Beelievable. What do you think? Okay, now when he said, oh Neil, how could you say those nasty things? You're telling me that doesn't sound like bugs bunny? That was buggy. The bugs are the bird on that short whiz, but it was close. It sounds a little more like slimy bunny from Halandell. They're right. Yeah. I wanted to tell you something about that body wrapping though. Okay. But that was popular about three or four years back. And I saw a doctor on TV and he wasn't too crazy about it. Well, of course not because you're taking all his business away. Don't listen to those doctors. I'm telling you there's no hunger. It made sense. And one of the people I called you up before said the same thing. They wrapped you up and all of a sudden. It's wet the water out of you. And as long as you keep wrapping is done. Oh, that's a different one. No, this is not the same thing. What does it do? I don't know. Oh. Well, anyway. I think it squeezes some of your organs. You know. Have you ever weighed your liver? It's got away a few ponds. Oh, no. Anyway, I just, you know, I hate to see people get their hopes up on these things. Well, the price is going to be right. I'll give it a shot. And if it doesn't work, I'll go over to Shorty's for lunch. Okay. Well, it won't work. You know, let us know because I like it. Okay. I'll let you know. Your career says, I'll get the bagel. Okay. Bye bye. God Royauss, sir. To you. Broward. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Put it up over there. Okay. Okay. We can. The price is going to do. Who's going to win the series, Belle? Hey, did you guys play that for a govern commercial? The one with Glent in you? That doesn't run to that. I don't think. Play before you go. It's hilarious. What do you think we're going to do? Give him a free spot? Oh, why not? Just to hear Glenn say, hey, new, limit brick oven. All right. That's all we'll play. It's going to go get it now. We'll put it on the log. But it's, you must understand. It's not a commercial. It's just we're doing this as a, uh, We've unintended humor. It's great. It's an investigative report. He thinks it's unintentionally hilarious. It is hilarious. No, it's not unintentional. It's not unintentional, sir. Listen, Neil, I wanted to tell you, I was at the ice cream parlor Monday night. Unbelievable. Yeah. I was like, I'm falling yesterday. Unbelievable. Okay, wait a minute. We're going to play this spot. Hold on a second. Okay. And I want you to understand for the whole audience. This is a, a WI and Z investigative report. Okay. Listen. Hello, Pembroke. Pines, you're on the air. I need all this is Glenn. I'm at Brook oven, pizza. We are having lunch. Do you want me to bring anything back? Well, I'm not very hungry, but I have it eaten yet. What did you have? The Brook oven lunch special, a garden salad with freshly cut vegetables, some garlic bread, a slice of pizza and a coke. Would you believe that I filled up for just $3? Okay. Like I said, I'm not very hungry. So just bring me a toast, Annie Pasto, a baked ZD with sausage, a cow's own with pepperoni and two of those little pizzas with onion and green pepperoni. And O. E. You might as well throw in an appetizer in some garlic slices with cheese and mushroom. Okay, Neil. See you in a little while. A blend since the readers of South Florida, magazine, voted Brook oven, pizza. Rea the best pizza in all of South Florida. Kyle wants to have dinner there tonight. What's he addressed? So it's 7100 Hollywood Boulevard. Halfway between University Drive and the Turnpike. That's Brook oven, pizza Rea. 7100 Hollywood Boulevard in Pembroke, Pines, right? Right. Incredible. Unbe mungable. Did you like the reading, sir? I loved it, though, it was hilarious. I was only able to get stands picture Monday night, so I had you sign the back of mine. Yeah. I have it on the wall at home when I do I rotate it every other day. First, you're sticking to your face. While we told several of the people who showed up to rotate and they're getting the message. But you got to do it again. You know when you got going to be there again? Where there? Yeah, the ice cream parlour. How long do you plan on living, sir? Into the 23rd century. Aside from seeing you guys, there's something about that close body contact and all those crowds, you know? Yeah. Unbelievable. One lady, you kept pressing her crotch against my knee. Yeah. I'm not making that up either. It was just I was getting cold sweats. Did you think about turning around, you know, and maybe going straight after that or no? No. No. One last thing, you got to get Glen his own pictures. I think he deserves them. Well, we can't we would want to do that. We can't fight a photographer who's willing to do it. Maybe if we contact the Audubon societies here. Yeah. That's a good idea. OK. Well, listen, good luck to you. OK, Neil. Have a great life. Bye. OK. Well. Well. Thanks, then. You should put that on the refrigerator. Yeah. We need about 10 of those. Yeah. But four, five of them up in your place and four, five of them up in mind. Yeah. Now, you're not going to go into a you missed actually. You just put it on the door out there facing out. You missed a lunch today that would have been cheesecake. Good. Good. That was a struggle with so good. Good. Yeah. Yeah, Neil, we can put this outside the studio. No, I'm going to put it right on. There's one thing I'm curious about and I don't want to get to graphic on the air. But you see on her breast. Yeah. Are those what fruit flies or what are those things on your, uh, what are those fruit flies? That's those little green things on the cheesecake. Oh, yeah. Boy, have an L. Yeah. So I think you're right. If you eat enough of it, they start coming out from the inside. They start trying to get out. Oh, that is, uh, that that should do it. If that doesn't do it for you. Putting that on your refrigerator door. Yeah. Should have some effect on that. I'm not sure what something. Something. Yeah. OK, well, Stan's got a big show planned for this afternoon. And probably have a lot of people running around the H. You're scratching their heads and running in circles and carrying on. Is, uh, Marcy and Jay. I'm going to call your show today, Stan. I hope not. Yeah, but they made 48 pounds of Ville Parmesan that they want to bring. And to which I could disappear. The Ville Parmesan. Never seen again. No, like I said this morning, when you think that she could make something like a roast beef with potatoes or something, I mean, anything else. Great. Ville Parmesan. It's all a no. Have you noticed that? Well, she's beautiful. That mouse will explain to you how good cooks he is beautiful. Yeah. Four-lorn look. Good looking couple. Four-lorn. Now story of my life. I have. But I'll start again. I think we ought to put standard of test. Let's have him do a four-hour non-sexual showdown. Oh, now come on. Come on. Four-hour gets in there. Not once before the show and he's going to be another great day. Well, I said no. Not an idea. It's a challenge. It's the W-I-N-Z challenge. Can he go four solid hours without trolling without any sexual in you window? Without any of that disgusting, revolting, wonderful stuff. We'll see. OK, let's take our last break. I know that the other day, but the way. Well, you had your big meeting up there. That was when I was dialing out for pizzas. Oh, yeah. That was fun. Four hours. Don't do that. Show again. The new tank's laws yielded some surprising... A real bird brain. Oh, yeah, him too. OK, six before two. You didn't hear what I did yesterday. Did you? Nobody else did call Jean Cashman on say to. Yes, I did. You heard that. I heard that. Did you hear the second call? You hear the second call? No. This way, you would have fallen out of the car. I called her up on playing a dire straits in the walk of life and I said, Hey, Gene, wait a minute now. This is fun. Hey, Gene, what are you playing? And she's saying, what are you playing? And I said, dire straits walk of life. I said, what are you playing, Gene? And there's this long pause. And she said, the dords. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! She said, OK, Gene, see you later. Ha! Ha! Oh, really? Ah, the two-hours. And sure was a coincident. Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, you know, call them every 10 minutes. Did that come as a great surprise to you? Ha! Yeah, that they weren't playing CCR. That was a surprise. You may hear call me on the phone. Pink Floyd, Sunday night, May 17th. Two months had passed. He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17th. As a gem, assuming it was being taped, or someone might be listening in, and it was rather record. As a gem, here's what I want to say to you. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, not touch us. Be brave. Come on, come on, come on, not touch us. Be brave. Be brave, not afraid. Ha! Ha! What was that coming, Roy? Ha! Ha! Oh, you tell me what you did. Ha! Ha! No, it was, it was just you, Matt and I, and I, we hadistance to come again and again. But what were those two kinds of things out there? You were the asis and the dreams at theques. No, if we did. Yes, like! Roy's running to the turning. Yeah. Your EEM and Mark Democ, the people that are all of America, have been seen on the air. Wow. People actually came to our home. I believe with a plan in their hearts and minds to take over KTL, you know, they came to say that they were savings from the El Parado. They were not there to save KTL. They came as our savings. And they're really worth it. And when they're raising their children, I thought for sure that because you had always your friends that always came to sunset a minute and they're going to have to work together. And that completely won. And we felt it was so kind of a very follow to offer to help a heavy console. We don't want to make a serious game. We're talking more about tomorrow. But we've not given it a straight. Sure you did, Jimmy. Sure you did. Sure you did. Sure you did. Come on, Tammy. That's up. That's up, Sammy. Sure you did. Come on, Jim. Jim, Tammy. Don't do that. Tammy. Tammy. That's going to conclude our ministry for this afternoon. And Dave is going to have a few calls. I'll just bring you the, do you have any final comments about these two days? It's been unbelievable. Two days that will live in interfer me, right? Yes. Infamy. Then the food. Excellent. Yeah. We took good care of you, right? Yeah, you're great. No, it's great here. You're great. Friday night will be at the melting pot and we'll all be great. Yeah. We're going to open some bars of champagne and I celebrate the year. Right. Planting you down there on the table with that chocolate bar. Yeah. And if you'd be a night performer and president. Thank you. Thank you, Neil. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Sport. You're excellent for being Glenn. And thank you, Stan. Well, being Stan. For being a very cold man. Okay, that's going to do it. I can't believe this. This is actually, you know, for being Neil. And not Joey Pentrell. It seemed like only one hour. 20 or 30 hours today. Have a wonderful life. Stay tuned for Mike Wolff with the Incipit Headlines. And we'll see you tomorrow morning. On 94.0 AM, W-I-N-Z.