W-I-N-Z now presents Neil Rogers. If you'd like to participate on today's program, you can call Neil on 624-9400 in date, or 524-9400 in Broward. And now, here's Neil Rogers. Okay, I'm not even going to play what I was going to play in the beginning. You're right into it because I have never in my life seen. Such an incredible facade. Somebody is so desperate. I mean, it came 10-06, just like clockwork. Okay? And the door came flying open. And what usually flies in, like when you open up the door of bird caged, a bird usually flies out or in is the case may be. And he's now actually slithering against the wall. Sit down over there and that one there. I don't want you that close. You can be Paul Lyle. You notice it's pretty interesting now. It'd probably be the next phase. Everybody will have a banana, as I'm told, and it's called. And like we plan all these things out. See, we don't plan anything out. Guess you haven't been able to tell that. I learned when I reviewed films that the original was all you've had films. Sequals were never as good as the original's by and large. So when you hear all these other side kicks, just remember the original is the best. Now I never reviewed this pedal yet. But it was wonderful. What did you create? Blue me away. It was River Phoenix really as good as everybody says. Anyway, we have something coming up. I don't know how to lead into this. After the first break, it about 20 after thereabouts. All the record, the great crepitation contest. And my suggestion to everybody in the audience. First of course, call everybody you know and tell them because you'll be on the floor. Now it starts slowly. Oh, it does. But once you get into it, I think that. And if there are people who are easily offended, I don't have any problem with this. Now I think this even comes close. 5% of the audience will be offended. So if you're easily offended, we urge you right now to turn it off. Which of course means they're going to go to the radio. Turned up much louder. Particularly if they live on Miami Beach. Oh, yeah. The old farts. If you're part in that expression. Howl and Dale and Miami Beach. Will we say that word? Come of course. There is no problem. We even discussed that in our big meeting the other day. No problem. Even in Portland, they occasionally do that. No, they do. Well quietly. Seriously. Even less than a while. Well they slip on out. Very quiet. Not on elevator. Yes, silent one. Not on elevators. And not in mixed company. Of course. Of course not. I didn't know they did it at all. Like on windy days in the middle of the winter. You know, when nobody. When it kind of freezes in mid-area. When it's about 30 below in Portland. There it goes. But I understand that fact I must confess. I heard a few minutes yesterday. Mr.... What was the new word that I came up with? Mr. Alibay. Not Mr. Eagle anymore. Mr. Alibay. Really? Because he was talking of course about his favorite subject. Talk radio. When she always does when he has no show. And I couldn't believe it. Just going on about this show. Wonderful. And this is easy listening talk according to Lee Fowler. And you can tune in anytime. You don't have to listen from the beginning. You can tune in and out because it's easy to listen to. And you don't have to be there right from the start. Well, it's better to be here from the start. Of course. Start to fit. And then when callers were calling up above various toast. And a couple of people called in about the fact that Alice was some desperate. Finished. Be on desperate. Yeah. But I would comment was, you think that he's afraid of Steve or Stan. And of course, you know what, Mr. Alibay said. Well, I don't know if he's afraid of me. I don't think so. But he certainly shouldn't be afraid of Stan. Although Stan will have dominant numbers. He'll dominate because of his lead. Now isn't that bizarre? You talk about another Alibay. And he's already Alibay. Well, look at him. Another way to do this is to know nobody listens to Stan because they want to. But because he just happens to follow me. So therefore he's going to have these huge numbers. And it's just another Alibay for failure. Failure. But Alice beat him. Did he end the trend? No. Alice came in third. Alice didn't beat Maurice Chivalier. Who's not feeling too well. Telling you. So there are some wild things going on including. I noticed Stan found this in left of the studio, which I'm glad the front page of yesterday's. Final home edition of the Miami snows. And of course they have no idea where this bumper sticker came from. It's in the front page section and the left hand side where it says, et cetera. And it says upon this rock, bumper sticker spotted in Miami. I love John Paul, George and Ringo. Can't imagine where that came from from. By the way, we got about 800 more yesterday. So if there are people out there who still want to still got plenty of time, we'll have a 26th of August and his holy will be here on September 10th. I think. But they have to come back from the page. 10th and 11th. Oh boy. Now we went through a thousand in like three days last week. We made it out of the house. So if you want one, send us your name and address Pronto. I mean like, yeah, because when these are gone, that's it. It's a sticker. The BINC. Miami. 33055. When these are gone, that's it. You're beginning to look like Paul Lyle. I mean, there's a guy who's probably the most boring man. Who is where I don't know. He just hangs around him. He just hangs around him. He hangs around with the olive dung. And he is so boring. That's just what he needs. I would encourage Mr. Alibah to have him on every day for hours. He may not tackle. He just puts you into a Joe's a gacky like Koma. It was funny because I was punching around this morning and I punched up for Neary, which I really do. It was five to nine. I was coming to work. And he was a little finger. His pinky and his left nostril. And, oh, it's part. I must have got about you, Joe and Joe Koma. Oh, that's all right. I was taking a nap, my- How do you know when I was a gacky, he's taking a nap? You can tell the difference. He always sounds like he's taking a nap. I like that wonderful. I love dung. That's good. Yeah. Rams with mong. At least stick. Well, so to speak. I do want to say by the way, the audience, I told Stan that yesterday was our every week we have a day that we call Thursday no matter what day it comes. And this week it was on Tuesday. Yeah. And the audience was pathetic. And he told me, he called me last night. He said you were right. He said they just, um, were not into anything yesterday. Nothing. Nothing. It had a week. It happens one day. Very week. And I think a big part of it is, you know, they had this big build up. They were expecting that meeting yesterday. For first of all, they wanted me to come on and give a blow by blow description, and they were going to be on ethical to be. It just don't do that. I mean, you know, in fact I told probably more than I should have. But the audience out there just, you know, we appreciate their support, but they do tend to get a little pushy from time to time. But that was the problem, the. Oh, you should have fought for the. Yeah, the record. Do it all. Yeah, right. You come in here and fight for it. See, there was no crisis. They don't know what we're dealing with. That's that was the problem. So crises. Well, not yesterday. No. It was over. Right. And they couldn't handle that. Exactly. Their crisis oriented. Yeah. Well, we might change that in a few minutes. Oh, I can't imagine anybody getting upset about this. But then, you know, I've been wrong before. I guarantee they will. They'll be complaining. Who will be upset? He just watched. You think so? Blue hairs. Blue hair. Okay. Well, after we play it, then we'll find out people can complain. And if they're upset, we'll see. Okay. Let's take our break. And it will become back. If you want to get your record set record is going in tomorrow. As a going away gift for me to the audience have five copies of the album. It's actually on an album. I don't know what's on the other side. I haven't listened to it. But there are some little then- yets of CIVez away and stuff. Now, this is a little introduction before we get into it. This is from 1933. Filthy. Over 50 years ago. Yeah. Over 50 years ago. And it's been played everywhere. Over and over again. And they even, on this particular album, they edited out. The one really objectionable word at the end. You hear only half of it. Oh, we got to hear half of it. Like that. There's nothing wrong with it. It just means clock it. And, um, and, um, and, you know, so aside from that, there's nothing for anybody. This is pass A. It's old hat. But it is funny. It's Richard going to be on the floor up in master control. There could be a lot of people. And again, it starts out the first few minutes. You just have to kind of ease into it. But once it gets going, trust me. It's a well-oiled person. So worth the few minutes. 10-18 at WI and Z will come right back. Okay. We've got all kinds of stuff going on here today. And the mail has come in. What is that? Oh, attention the bird. There's in that queue. Well, let's get to the important stuff. First, someone to send us a virgin copy in VHS of bigger than life. And look what we're done is that it's a Jeff Stranker. It says, this happens to be. Why does it say huge on the side? Huge video. Oh, I name it a company. I just have to name it a car. I was confused. We also have the short version, the record. By Mojo, Nixon, and Skid Roper. Elvis is everywhere. I love the edited version, the short one. I like the long one. Which I noticed that Z had played the long one this morning. Nice. Sounds good. Found that family. Really sounded good. What's about time? Anyway, you know, you better listen very carefully now. Because you may never hear this again. And tomorrow we're going to give away five copies of this. And again, I want you to keep in mind. This is Canadian, okay? And if it's Canadian, you know that it's got to be funny. And it can't be bad. And all of that stuff. We're giving enough disclaimers now. Okay. How do you do ladies and gentlemen? It's our privilege to bring you a disclaimer. I wouldn't support it the first international accreditation contest. We are speaking to you from the ring side of the Great Maple Leaf Auditorium, which is packed to the raft of the spectators. Eager and curious. For the benefit of my listeners who are not acquainted with the fact relating to this event, it might be well to describe the two contestants. Lord Wendysphere from Wapping Fog Hall in Devon Church, of course, the champion of the Briss Empire. The Challenger is Paul Boomer, native of Australia, who I understand worked his way to Canada in the crew of an ocean freighter carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage upon which, so it is stated Boomer trains exclusively. I've seen now there's a bit of a ferry around Lord Wendysphere's entrance. And yes, here it comes. Lord Wendysphere. I'll see. I'll see if I can get him to come to the mic or fall and say if you words. Joe, Joe, we're seeing him get his load to come over here for a minute. I'll tell him it's for the radio. Okay, I'll get him free. Thanks. Well, Lord Wendysphere is pleased to be in good spirits. He's smiling and chatting. It's all about him. It's a beautiful silk blessing gown of perfect purple love of the one which is worked. I imagine to be the the coat of arms of the house of Wendysphere. It's a beautiful thing. A good boy, Joe. In just a minute, ladies and gentlemen, I think we're going to have his large ship and self come to the microphone. So if you words the right over here, please, right over here. Yeah, right here. Yes, yes, folks. Here is. Right in the microphone, the champion himself, a lot of Wendysphere. Are you a highness? How did you come to take an interest in this on you, Joe? Well, I suppose you could say it all started over Lady Wendysphere's fan. I see. Yes, I noticed. She was constantly waving this fan in front of her face. So I asked her why did you, she did it. So she retolded the device, assisted on constantly crepitating. She had to fan away in the arms of the Vensy. They, their friends were drawn into the copy of the scene. Presquated me to capitalize on my proficiency in all of the sort of goings for it all. That's all. Thank you very much, Your Majesty. Thank you. And good luck to you. That was Lord Wendysphere, a champion crepator. Here's a challenger. Here's Paul Bruma from Australia. Paul. Paul, over here please. Please ask Mr. Boomer to come over here, please. The radio. We want to speak on the radio. Mr. Long-laced gentleman, I think we'll have Paul doing it for you right away. Yes, here he comes. His attendants are just poinges out. And how did Paul, how? He just waves his hand in greeting and starts walking over the microphone. And here ladies and gentlemen, his Mr. Paul Boomer. Will you say hello to our audience Mr. Boomer? Hello, Canada. Now tell me, sir. When did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the Empire Championship? Well, everything's alright with a little nipper I like to fart. I remember you said make me mother and father off their bleed neds off when I used to let one go in church during the announcement of the light as I've. They excuse me, Mr. Boomer, on the radio, we call it crepitating. Now I can't cover. Well, I always says it's a part of part. Whether you raise up on one cheek and sneak, or whether you give it a full blast like I do. Very well. As long as the TV season of Jackson, I personally find he fall out of word much easier to say. And more descriptive than the longer and more academic. Thank you. And I would like to say hello. And there's the bell. Thank you Mr. Boomer. And good luck. Paul Boomer, I'm sorry to the center of the arena to meet the champion and to receive instructions. Now the house lights are dimming. And the great floor of the five-power electric lights cast a down under the center of this greater arena where stands in simple eloquence of the farting post. The farting post is about four feet high and it's decorated with red, white and blue bunting, up to about nine inches from the top. The bare top section is worn smooth by the grip of many hands in previous context. So now it appears that Paul Boomer is to be the first at the post. That I believe is cut to Marieford's challenge here to make the first effort. Yes? Paul Boomer takes off his dressing gown and strives to the farting post. He grips it firmly around the top and flexes his knees. The signal to commence has not yet been given so in the assume that these are just preliminaries. I think I have time to describe Mr. Boomer without for his grip from the waist up and waist. A tight fitting trunk to powder blue trim with the collar. These shrunk to similar to those worn by wrestlers with one important difference. Excuse me. There's a hole about six inches in the diameter removed from the seat. This of course is being done for obvious reasons. The symmetrical abdure is called the phonetched debris. Let me translate it meaning the Zefer window. Mr. Boomer's phonetched debris has a scarlet trim around its perimeter, giving a very provocative air to this genial australian backside. On there goes the signal to commence. You might have heard it over and I could fall in a blast on the medieval, a Bronx's archpeagle, the traditional woodwind instrument associated with this sport for centuries. But now a hush falls on the ver, the vast throng as Boomer walks slowly, delivered later the farting post. He's a cute and confident, and he gives one blast all encompassing grin to the tens audience as he grips the farting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could splint to the post. Now if he flexes his knees, much in the manner of a boxer, it seems to be concentrating on the very top of the farting post. You can hear a pin drop, and here it comes. Oh, beauty, beauty, I think it was a triple front of blast. Yes, that's what the judge signals, a triple front of blast. That gives him 25 points right off the bat. And another, another of the same, and another 25 points. That followed by one, followed by one, no two. I beg you pardoned three fuzzy farts in rapid succession. It's amazing how this man can change pace and style of offering by a slight simple shifting of his butter carry. He's still gripping the post in complete concentration Boomer. Now has a score of the 65, those last three fuzzy farts at five points of peace, adding 15 with previous score. And now here's something I'm here. A proofer. I'm here. First, it's an extra proofer. What's that? I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, that was a follow up fluper, a follow up fluper. The second time in the history of this sport, that a follow up fluper has been achieved in open competition. The only other time I believe was during the World Series, held in Europe in 1783. During the course of this series, friends were full. The famous French father after leaving a follow up fluper defeated the Islamic movement went his Scottish opponent by only one blub and then dropped dead. You know since then, in the round of the McEarth Wolf, the blub had been dropped from open competition. Now the score is 100 and five for Boomer. Fluper of course counts 10 points. But a follow up fluper, a very difficult maneuver, gives 40 points. Well, this certainly has been a world of incestion. I think the ball boom is about played out or blown out of the same. What am I saying? A sposifier and another, that gives him 10 more points. And he's not too yet apparently. Wait a minute, here comes a three. Or whole a little three. With only two points and very dangerous. And another, and another three. Well, not bad. Well, he certainly put in a fighting finish. Four threeps, a very hazardous part because of the danger of clutching. But giving him eight, a very valuable point. And there he throws up his hands. He throws up his hands as a signal that he's finished. And the crowd gives him a tremendous observation. He's sitting down, looking a little pale, a little warmth, perhaps. But smiling, smiling happily at the crowd. This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed in, to all accept the most rabid, wouldn't it be a fan? And here's his or what a minute. Oh, boomer! One, two, and 23, play! Did you hear that? All boomer, a hundred and 23 points, a world record. Heading Lord Wynnis, he is the previous world-vac of 119 by four points. Paul Boomer, this moment is the world's champion. But how long we don't know because, Lord Wynnis may might take it right back again. And his logic now walking up to the post-abandedly, not in the least is concerned by the brilliant performance of the challenging. He's out, but is a little differently from Paul Boomer. He has purple tights, blank tights, and around the phonetic debris you remember the whole cutout from the centre of the seat. Around this there's a fringe of little gold castles about four inches long. There's no doubt it's some decoration affected by just a moment. Seems to be some sort of a dispute here. Paul Boomer's seconds are on their feet and seem to be arguing with the judges and pointing to the fringe on their champions' posterior. Oh, I see. As you Paul Boomer is claiming that the fringe might add a whistle or some of the sound to Lord Wynnis may as well as an epicence. In the course of the four contests like this, every little advantage must be jealousy watched. The judges appear to be agreeing with Paul Boomer. And they direct the champion to remove the fringe. He doesn't like the decision very much, and the crowd is getting resentful. They think he should be a better sport about it. And I agree with him. Always seems to decide if he's got to give in, and he rips off the fringe and fling it to the ground. Then he walks over to where Boomer is sitting. He turns his back. Put his hands on his hip down. Oh, he leaves a street fright in Paul Boomer's face. The crowd get a kick out of this. As you know, a street for the very low score, only two points. But to throw one away just in a gesture of defiance, demonstrates the spirit of dash in recklessness, which is made the English from the champion that he is. He's smiling, he's dancing, and I was returned to the center of the arena. In order to judge the show, he's ready, and he'll all know what's this. He's not going to use a farting post. Lord, when this middle champion in a final gesture of contempt, scones the use of the farting post. Well, this is developing it a bit of a grudge contest. He has his hands on his hip, feet apart, knees, brightly bent, and... A fistless. His first attempt is to hand another one, to an arrow, and another one, a third. Three sisters in a row, tremendous effort. 60 points in his first 30 seconds. This one. And one, two, three, four. Four fuses, four. Fragorn fuses in rapid succession. It's a pleasure to see the ease and comfort with which his law chip leaves his far. Perfect technique. And now his court is 80 points. 80 points in the first 30 seconds of the post. As getting ready again, hands on hips, a little bit, right in the face, as he strains to pop. Something there, wait a minute. Something's wrong. His attendance run into image in some kind of distress. I see. He has to judge his signal. It was a plutcher. Or hard luck, your lord chips are hard luck. The champion left a very bad plutcher, and will be penalized, 15 points. That puts him back to 65 points, 59 shots of the 124 he needs to retain his championship. He's all set again and seems to be straining, a little more cautiously, and here is... A fundus break. Oh, a beautiful bit of win-breaking virtuosity, a most difficult, a most difficult part of the form without plotting this man, has wonderful control, and the crowd are really warming up to him. That last, that fundus break, count 30 points, and it takes the lord win-a-smir up to 95 points. Which is getting very tense now, and here it is. Here is the next one. A club blow. A club blow. Ten points. All of the lights are resounding, single, what a bl... I think that is. The judges are playing that single fuzz of the blast. A lovely, a lovely change of pace there, and now the excitement is going unbearable. As the champion takes a step away from the post, and his score is 120, just 3 points, short of the ball, boomer marked a 3 points shot. If he gets one more fuzzier, two more freaks, it's all over with the shouting, and the challenger will have to return to Australia with his shout-to-ho. I think everyone's hard. Aix-a-Paul boomer, he's really a great guy, but when this missed step up to the post, again, it looks very confident as he gets ready for the kill. And here it comes. A 3, a 3, that's two more points. A little, small, three, with all it was, two points. And now it's practically over just one more, of those little freaks, those little 2 points, and the streets in the contest, will be over. Seems as though his large ship was deliberately tormenting boomer by daring, but boomer is smiling, it's a force mild, but he's trying hard, he's sitting there, trying hard to take it like the grand sportsman that he is, but you can see the feet standing, ready to sweep away his dreams at almost any instant. And now Lord, when you're spaced out forward, and hello, hello, he's going to use a fighting post, flying levitteth, e-grass, the post, affects his knees, it looks as though he's going to try for a high scoring effort for a whirlwind finish, perhaps another Sicler. And now he's trying very hard, the veins are starting out on his forehead, and even the critical of perspiration, venturing down his temples, seems to have the date, so that this mighty last effort should have undivided attention. Now, the suggestion of a smile from the champion, seems to decide he's just what treatment is going to give this final bid, but he'll be audience, almost two men is on its feet, breathless and tense, close his eyes, or look up pure access beyond his face. Oh, he's the champion, is this qualified! The ladies and gentlemen, as a special service feature, we have brought you direct from the ring side of the Maple Leaf Auditorium, a blow by blow to the first preparation content held under international processes, with broadcast, replaced midweek, meditation, usually had a desire. Okay, that's a 22-before-11 in WIngi. Was that worth it? Was that worth the weight? They had a weight a whole day, but I think it was right in a way 22 years since the last time that I heard that. You think they're upset? I hope so. Okay, we'll fight out when we come back. I don't think so. I think when we give away the five albums tomorrow that the phones are going to explode, we'll do this big. What we're going to do next is going to upset some people. What is that? A break? Enough. Okay. We started small doses, don't understand. We don't want to overdo this because you all of a sudden we got a new deal. He comes soldering in here every morning, ten. You could set your watch on it. You know, the atomic bomb that they've got at CBS, the atomic clock, they could set the atomic clock on his entrance into the studio. Every morning at 10 o'clock, he just sautors in, cradles his wing around the mic stand, and you can go to couldn't get out of him out of here for a love or money on telling it's incredible. It's unbelievable. And we don't want to put a crimp in his wing, but just maybe a little dent in his brain or something. So we're trying to bring you back to reality here because this is not a playground here. This is a radio show. This is a real radio show. Break the news to John. That's going to be my- That's going to be- Well, you get all the toughest diamonds. Because he's going to be really upset with me. But you know, Bill Carter could not do my vacation because of contractual conflict with that other unmentioned of a station. So we have a little problem. And it looks like I'm not going to be going away all that time after all. I'm just going to be leaving on Fridays and Saturdays for a few weeks. And I'm going to be here right on through. I'm not going anywhere. And I'm very depressed about that. But my friend John is going to be really upset. He's going to- he's going to get paranoid now. And it has nothing to do with him, doesn't it? Well, they can't hear you nodding your head, no. What a douchebag. The one time we need him to say something, he starts doing sign language again. Maybe we'll send you and John. No. No. He does about it now. Was his mic open again? How did that happen? Do you notice that you didn't even open it up? It opened by itself. I can't believe it. More magic. Oh, it must be that harmonica convergence again. I can't believe it. I suddenly hear Stevie Wonder. There's another volunteer right there. You don't have anything to do to him? No. He would love. Wouldn't you love to address those envelopes and send them out? You can even address a few in Spanish. You know, send your, uh, Joe Smith. You know, that kind of stuff. We got a good sense of humor. But you're not leaving us, sorry. You're going to put him to work and put an answer to work. Good. Do something useful. Would you please? And maybe you could bring some in here and do some while you're sitting around. You're not going to be talking. I never thought of that. Maybe the bird could actually do some work. I know that that's against his religion. But that might be- how come I never thought of that? He's got a soak condition now into doing nothing. You know, I mean, this man has worked. He has manipulated this job into, um, into a paying deal for himself. It's incredible. I know Glenn and work are not compatible. I know that, Kyle. You don't have to write it on the screen. I'm more aware of it than anybody. But, um, well, once in a while, he books a guess like for Ira. Once in a great while, not too often. Just to make it look kosher. Okay, we'll get to Sandy Payton. And of course, most of the people in my audience don't even know who she is and believe me. Once she comes on the air, you'll really be excited. I can't wait myself because she and Lori Sheffield, the producer are now together again. Boy, what a romance that is, how made and haven't. And when the two of them get back together again with a TV repairman and a nutritionist and sugar cookies, it's going to be so exciting. She's going to be so dynamic on that station. Probably because they have that good signal. I technical, I kind of like the way they sound myself. By the way, Stan called Alice on the Air Yes today. And it was really, I was in a car and I was punching back in fourth and it's really amazing because they've got a seven second delay and we have a three and a half second delay. So it was really confusing punching back in fourth. And when you punch up winds, it would be clear and you could understand and then you punch to snooze. Oh, you couldn't understand where anybody was saying. So it was really bizarre. And then after Stan hung up, Alice took a nasty shot at him and said, boy, that major is always desperate for a show. Which of course is true. But, and I told Stan that last night he said, no, that wasn't a shot. That wasn't a shot. And he said, was it was a nasty shot? No, no, not now. Now speaking of Stan, we're going to take our first break and then when we come back, we have a little crisis here at WINZ. Now we don't have a little crisis. We have a major crisis as in, you know, who major? I mean, I worked my, I was bad enough that I worked so hard Saturday, putting all the music on cart and the audience hated me. No, they didn't hate me. They just hated them. You will hate me for playing it. Let's be honest. That was bad enough. But then yesterday morning I come in and I worked like crazy. You know what it's like listening through seven minutes of Don Johnson to find one part of an interview that you put on cart? I mean, that's a punishment worse than the death penalty. Even Daffy would have loved it. But, I know. We'll say for a later on, when it gets closer to two and the suits start to. When the suits start tuning in the sea, she's going to be coming back. But anyway, we have a little crisis because it seems that somebody has spirited away all of yesterday's work. Because he doesn't want to jeopardize Don coming on the show. So we'll take care of that and we'll take care of him. 20 minutes. 20 minutes. But WINZ, see in the Jackaranda Square Plaza, whatever that is, because last night, see it's always on the way home that he forces me to stop at these supermarkets. Allegedly, you know, having to finger through the end of it or something. But anyway, he got me to go to this other WINZ, see over by where he is. It was the most long place. The selection of food was pathetic. And the help certainly were all on a work release program. There's no question about that from the House of Ugly's. And it was just one of those, you know, you let that man lead you around by the nose. And it's always going to spell disaster. It's always going to spell disaster. But that wasn't his biggest misdeed yesterday. His major misdeed of the day. He says to me, in my car, no less. He says, oh, I pulled that cart by the way. I said, what cart? He said the Don Johnson thing. Now, you follow that. They would be like, my going into his rack. Over to my right. Over to my right. There's another with his stuff over there. I don't pay any of that. I don't pay any of that. I don't pay any of that. I don't pay any of that. I don't pay any of that. There's some of my stuff in there, which I do pay a lot of attention to. But the stuff that's his, I keep my hands off. I mean, can you imagine my going in there and pulling out something of his that he worked to put on cart that he uses on the air? No way, Jose. No chance. Oh, by the way, I pulled that cart. I don't want to jeopardize getting a Johnson on the air. He might get pissed by, you know, you keep playing that. I suffered through seven minutes of toying with that interview. Listening to that ridiculous. Yeah, yeah, but yeah, bow. You know, that stuff that long. That absolute long. In order to put that on, I did a magnificent job. If I do say so myself lifted that little bit out of there, which, you know, it's one of those like the lost like the lost excerpts because you don't happen to hear it on the two to six show. That particular part of the interview because it's embarrassing. And he pulls it out of my rack and tells me this. And he's had fair warning. I told him I was going to rip him to shreds on the air today. I told him that. And I don't want to let him down now. Wasn't bad enough. He did that. Then he dragged me into that horrible wind, Dixie. Oh, what a place. What a selection. All a customer. There weren't, there was hardly anybody in there. And the handful of people are within there. They had their fingers down their throats as they were going up and down the aisle. Oh, look at this. You know, they couldn't believe what a terrible store that was. You stick with a winner, Stan. You stick with a winner. And he just doesn't know what it's all about. So anyway, he has lifted that cart, taking the label off of it no less. And hidden it somewhere in this building. Because he doesn't want me to jeopardize this fantasy that's never going to happen anyway. Johnson's never going to come in here. He's a prima donna. In fact, I've been scouring all over looking for, we happened to hear it on the radio last night. Donna, the prima donna by Dion, one of my favorite records, by the way. But I know you don't want to hear my music. So don't worry about it. I'm not going to play it. And I can't find it. I do have it somewhere. I've got that Dion album. But somebody I guess lifted it. Because it was in this building. And anything you're bringing this building is going to disappear faster than you can say. James Hummel. So he's gurgling now. He's gurgling. He's drooling. So anyway, we have a little problem there, which we'll deal with in just a second. Also, it seems that we've been led down the garden path all of this jazz about Jeff Striker calling in on Stan Major. Show Jeff Striker lives in California, which I heard some Queen calling on yesterday's Stan Major show to give us the accurate information. And of course anybody with an IQ over two would know that because this exorated brochure that came in is from Catalina video. And it has a toll-free number if you want to order these dirty pictures. And it also says in California, called toll-free this number, which means this is an outfit obviously out of California. Like most of these are all as perverted stuff comes from California. And we love it. But anyway, Jeff Striker does not live in this area. Did not call in the Stan Major show, lives in California in West Hollywood. The island queen has sent to us, which we haven't received yet a three-foot tall poster of Jeff Striker, which we're waiting for with baited breath. And when it comes, you'll know when it comes in the building. You will know when you hear this silence and then a thud when I fall on the floor, you'll know that the poster has arrived. Well, I mean if it's a three-foot tall poster, look at this small picture and look at that. Okay? Now if that's blown up on a three-foot poster, Holy Toledo is all I can say. I mean that's going to be frightening. The name of the movie by the way is power tool for those of you who are into those, you know, home fix it kind of stuff. Did I say fix it? Now our cheap engineer will be racing in here. Now don't get nervous. He's nervous because Sandy, you know, he used to work with her a lot. A lot of these people in the building used to work with Sandy. And they've been running around with little Sandy Peyton Voodoo dolls. Not fix it though. He sent she never stole a freight train. But he did have some terrible things to say about her son, which I will not repeat on the year. I will repeat those. They were scandalous. So anyway Jeff Streckel probably be calling in from West Hollywood, California, not Florida. He probably said, oh, you know, Jeff Streckel lives in Hollywood. And they thought, you know, like Hollywood Florida. And of course he's under the age of 100. So there's no way that he lives in Hollywood to begin with anybody knows that. But West Hollywood, California, yeah, I can see him being out there. And let's face it. Is he something to get all excited about anyway? He is. Okay. Don, before you go, could you do one short thing for me? What's that thing? Just say freeze major Miami, why is she under arrest? Absolutely, I'm not going to do that. Okay. I see the mistake that Mr. Major may. Is that he left the cart in the room. Now he did put it way in the back there with the erased carts and the carts, you know, the throw away stuff. And he did take the label off and they're about four or five carts back there. But having a good memory, I looked at the top of the cart and it looked very familiar to me. And I said, gee, I wonder if this is the one. I put it in here this morning and I listened to it. And low and behold, what do you think I heard? There were the millifluestones of Stan Mage, you're along with that. I don't know any harassed people. I saw that douchebag. And I'm supposed to sit here and I'm going to chill. I'm going to pretend. And I hear these young airheads. I heard a couple more in the five thirty yesterday. You keep encouraging him and encouraging him. And don't you understand you destroying the man's career by encouraging this viseness, this insanity, this obsession, this fetish, with this ridiculous show and this ridiculous guy and this whole, like Michael Talbot. I don't even know who Michael Talbot is. And then he had that bodyguard, whoever that guy was allegedly a bodyguard for Don Johnson who called in yesterday, who threw a shot at me. You know, but well, yeah, I was over on this set. They're shooting vise that who cares where they're shooting it? Does anybody care? No. And the comment was what he talked to a Don and Don said, oh yeah, I know Stan, he's a great guy, but that other guy over there, you know, that's so sure about him. Well, we're sure about you, Don, okay? We're positive that you're an arrogant obnoxious douchebag. Okay? I mean, that's just the way it is. Now I'm going to get accused of breaking up that romance just like I got accused of that seven year old girl or whoever she was. I get blame whether it's George Valdez, no matter what it is. I get blame for it. I'm used to it. I'm taking responsibility for everything bad. The Spanish inquisition, the crusades, the Holocaust, World War II, you name it. I'll take the blame. Stop before I was born, okay? I'll take the blame for it. See, it's a lot easier if you just do that. That just put a blanket over everything and you take responsibility for all of it. You can turn on his mic again, long enough for him to read this definition. Have you found it? Yeah, in Nigma. Yeah, now is the G silent because if the G is silent, it means you're an enema. No, and Nick. Okay. But do this something to think about, because there are some languages where the G is silent. So E and I, GMA might be pronounced enema. You mean like, math? Yeah, that's not that more. By the way, Jim Langer would have started to center the other night. Dolphins would have won the game and George Wilson Jr. Understand they're bringing him back to replace Marino the next four weeks. Who told you that? Do you realize that offered dolls going to be offered ten weeks? We can't afford for him to be out for ten minutes. Much less for ten weeks. I mean, a team of the great defense like we've got cannot afford to lose John offered ten weeks. But hey, listen, I can't believe you're talking about football. Is that what you're talking about? It's okay. You're talking about me years. But I finally about five years ago became a convert. I love my dolphins. It's this weather. Something wrong with that. No, it's the way the dolphins got you and most of all those out of town teams like Camero, Marcio, like those Martian teams. Not, it's all home town teams. You know, we support the hometown team. Yeah, of course. But yeah, Mr. Jock over here. Mr. Sport. What are we talking about? Bath, what are we a hockey again? What is that? What is that? Okay. Yeah, not more. He used to play hockey to the, uh, revenge. I wanted to read the definition of a nigma, but you've been calling me in a nigma. NMS few days. No, no, no, no. We didn't call you in an animal. You've been calling me in an animal. And now that Sandy's coming back on, look at that. Your timer is, uh, your egg timer is cooking. You better as a definition on the same thing. Okay. Now you see you did too much. You got carried away. You have to slow down, relax, put a lid on that cackle, control yourself, behave like a mench. You know what that means? A mench. ME and TSCH. You won't be in there. It's a Yiddish word. This is a bilingual show. Who, my Mr. Valdez, to feel right at home, you know? Speak a language you understand. You know what language you understand? Rubble terrorism. That's the only one he understands. The only impact on the real world you're making in this community, work to write this community. Okay. I've done it again. But terrorists tend to weekdays only on WINZ. Okay. Put them back on again. I just want to read this definition. Okay. Let's see. All the people in the audience that want him to read the definition. Let's see. Okay. Wait a minute. Let me hang up on these three. Four. Okay. Start with a clean slate. All the people in this audience want to hear that. Cut it out now. Now see. Let me have a glass of water. I haven't given the number. I know. I can't give you any more. Look at that. They're all lit up. Okay. To read a nickname. Now on that's what we'll do. We'll get permission from the audience for you to speak. That's all right. That's one word at a time. Now which word would you like to use? Keeping in mind that the FCC is in town monitoring the show. That's right. Monitoring everybody. That's English only by the way. I can't let all this know those Spanish language stations. They can understand what they're saying. I don't think they're bringing a Ricky Ricard or somebody down here who can understand Spanish and monitor some of those stations. No, no. No. They can say anything. Exactly. They can do any damping they want. No. How many stop? How many all day. That stuff goes on. Talk about verbal terrorism. Area. BDL. The monster. Yeah. What is an enigma? You've been referring to me as an enxalant question. And I would like to read the decimal. I'm behind between now and two. We may get the answer. Whether the definition on your concerning chapter. Don't rush him. Will you please? It could be worse. He could be on the FM. You are on the FM. Yeah. You're probably responsible for least.0.0.0.1 at that point nine. Or whatever. Not a point nine. It's a one-one. Let's be honest. You're the one. You're the one. I want the FM. Because I'm on there. Why don't we give them some of our points? Sure. We're very altruistic through that. What a very bad man of his mood. Today we'll come up a few of them. I can't even go on vacation. How do you like that? I have to take my vacation one day at a time. You don't have to. Two days at a time. Well, it just worked out that way. That's what you prefer. And that's fine. That's fine. Rule. E0. What's this we business? Even lapsing into that lately. We like you like. You like we? An appendage of this program or something. Did I say we? Did he say we? No, were you speaking in French? Yeah. We. Don't say a twice. That could be actionable if you say a twice. Can't control himself, can't he? He just can't control himself. You better be nice. You'll tell him your reaction when I asked about Jeff Striker. And that'll blow your whole image again, right down the drain. All your friends at the tyrochid will be on the phone again. Telling us the true story of which direction this bird flies in. Did we see a bird that wore an earring and it's left ear? Or it's right ear. Well, I don't know. I get confused. I keep thinking about that kid and windyxie. A lot. He hasn't come back. By the way, if there's anybody who works at that windyxie. Sir, you'll get to read the definition just relax. Relax. Is there any pressure on this show? Last night, I have that gizmo. You'll take your blood pressure with. One twenty seven over eighty one. But that's good. I am so proud of that. That's a good blood pressure. I mean, one twenty would be, you know, perfect. But for me, that's a great blood pressure. Calm, relax. Eddies. Don't you know pressure? Don't you understand that's why I'm here. It's to keep you calm and relaxed and keep you. I would have been one ten over seventy except for you. No, I'm here to keep you to been perfect. I keep you from getting your blood pressure on. Before you go, could you do one short thing for me? Well, what that is. Just say freeze major Miami vice, you're under arrest. Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. Okay. He just keeps refusing over and over and over again. Now, if he uses that as an excuse, not to come on Stan Show. I mean, is that a Mickey Mouse excuse or what? That's no excuse. What is this show? Have to do with that great love affair between SNM or whatever their initials are. Stan and Miami vice, whatever. Yeah. SNM. Stan of Miami vice. Okay. All right. He also asked another part of that interview that didn't make it on the air. Is it done? Have you been chased? How is he spelling that? Now, what was I starting to say before you sore-rootly interrupted me with this animal. It's quick enough to say something. Now you want to stop? I thought I was getting into something three-four. And it totally escaped me. And either had something to do with the John offer to all our Dan Marino. All that's real. Oh, yeah. George Wilson Jr's going to come back. He's going to be a film and exhibition game. So those of you who like to get refunds for your tickets. It's called Weaver. Weaver. We'll take care of it. How about the, well, you know, chapters, the only manager in all the baseball. It's got two teams either class plays around the bird. But I'm not sure the frames I think are just barely had a pod raise. No, let's remember the pod raise last 700 games in the world at the beginning of the season. And they were taking Larry bow out to those John birch meetings and hanging in not an F.G. but for real, you know, just for a little short times. And they were so far. And now all of a sudden the braves are right down there with them. And they're on the precipice. And of course the pirates are like 500 games out of the east. And Tanner is ghost is still in Pittsburgh. You know, so he's, he really does it. I mean, watching them play is like watching life in slow motion. You know, the warmth of the fact that Dale Murphy were on that team. I don't think I could handle those brug as anymore. And skip carry. I like skip. He's excellent. Not as good as Dale Murphy. But. I'm glad to do that. You get Dale. I think there's a better show. We could get a better chance of getting Dale Murphy on the show by phone. Seriously. Then Don Johnson being in the studio would stand Dale would come on here by phone. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. Till I told him what we wanted. Yeah. What do we want? There's that we again. Notice see I split that in there and he picked right up on it. I know what I want. I don't know what you want. A lot of people ask me that by the way. What I want exactly. Well, so to speak. Well, that's true. That's the one thing they all want to know about the bird is which way does he fly. And I keep telling him. I don't think he flies at all. I think he just like a hummingbird. You know, the wings are moving like crazy. But it's not going anywhere. I think that's basically it. Now look. I'm the producer of this show. I'm involved with this show. I can say we. I mean, I'm very much involved in the show. It had been for quite a while. I'm the producer a little bit too involved at times. Yeah. Exactly. Yes. So that's why you agreed. Didn't disagree. Now that's why I say we. I'm going to go on this show. I'm going to respond, man, or just flashing frantically now. Who's that greater what? Yeah. This is a great life for what? You feel better. I'm getting to Sandy Payton just before we get to your definition of animal. And I think there may be a relationship and Linda Thornton who needs. Do I dare say this delicately? Because I like Linda a lot. And spider what she already do. She needs a nigma. Yeah. She needs an emigma. That's a that was good. That almost redeemed him for the whole hour. Almost almost. She needs a coffee in igma. That's what she listens to the new show coming on. She'll hear J.D. And that's what we all try for every day to get over. I know Tanner can relate to this. You go try to get people to talk about your radio station after that. Tanner clock in the morning. The morning sure is the hey man. You hear what Tanner did this morning. I just hear what Rick and Sox did. I hear what you do. When the night has come. And the land is gone. You can't believe it. You did the talk up perfectly. And incredible. Okay. Thank you Jimmy. It's 107 and W.I. and Z are final hour on Wednesday. And I have like um. Marshmouth. You know when you've eaten. And especially when you like ice cream or yogurt. And you can't talk and you're like tongue and your it's all. Just jam together. Okay. Somebody departed and brown are during the break. And you know what they say about that. Five two four nine four hundred north Miami. Hello. Hi. I was listening to sports talk last night and they had it from um. Head off and talk on or something. Someone called up. And Hank took the call. Direct the Chris question towards the Rick weaver. He said Rick you know. Neil is talking about your geodor and on the radio again. Ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. They both I could like they didn't know what the call is set. Yeah. And he repeated it again. And it's the boy. And he was just saying that. That was pretty funny. I understand that the birds didn't want to show from my bird. Go and leave. I remember. Yeah. Probably. Is that it? Who? Okay. What was that all about? He was going along just finally. Just lost it. Totally lost it there at the end. Boy some of these people managed like they're last contact with reality. You know it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today. It takes Doctor. And lawyers. I'm a accountant. What is that? And libraries. What it also takes much more than that. It also takes America's moron. You're your signal. Good morning. You know us. Why we're all around you. We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket. Where are you going? Where are you going? Where are you going? We're sitting behind you in the movie theater, wrapping our Christmas gifts. You're the food, you're the food. And we're holding up your bank line while we try to catch a check from the bank of Venus. Hey pal, could you hurry it up? Why are you? Nearly association of Ignorant Americans. And we're always looking for new members. So if you hate anybody, don't read much and just love to litter. Then have a friend dialed a phone for you and give us a call. Just dial area code 632 626 676 or me am a moron. Hi, I'm a moron. You're a clerk of the morning. Oh, was you sleeping? Oh, America's moron. We're taking years off your life. You can say that again. And I will. Okay, anyway, that card was not from our friends at the watt. At 1 100. Now it's, um, I don't know why keep saying that because Tanner has been there for years. But there's another card here. All I will say whoever sending the cards has good taste. So keep the cards coming. Keep those cards coming. Right, Davey? Yeah. I am doing. That's pretty good. What's up, Davey? Have you seen any Haitians today? Oh, no. I've been, uh, busy at work today. I haven't been running any cards down anywhere. Great. Uh, you know what it is, is. Who is this? John. John. Yeah. The reason why people don't call in is because we don't want to be chronic caller. Exactly. So that's why you had third. Glad you're picking up on that, John. But I mean, people don't call in. We'll look at that. Everybody in Broward hung up during the news break. It just like yesterday again. Well, that's that's why you had third day at Tuesday. I can't believe this, boy. And this audience, it must be all getting out of Frankson beans for lunch. Five, two, four, 9, 400 is that Broward number we gave the whole number today. Gee, I know. It hurt. I was in contact with Gray. Good. We're going to have our own contested noon. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm beaning up for it. You know, great. Um, I get a, uh, definition here that, that kind of goes along with the contest. Uh, an ass involved. There's a medical term used to describe a rectum problem. Shame on you. I know. Um, let's see. Oh, Glenn, did you call up yesterday? No. No. What are you talking about? Or the skin side, ston, nobody understand what happened. Um, maybe they fake the call or maybe I was, I would tell a sleepy yet. But that was listening to them. And they had the, the drop in with Neil on it. Yeah. And, uh, then I heard, uh, your voice on there talking about the problem. Um, I thought they were talking to, uh, bottles. And, um, he, he was, uh, talking about how great station was and how they like you. And then, um, you said, well, everybody should listen to Neil, 10. Really? Yeah. What if it's someone doing an impression of me and that? It's real hard to do an impression of me. Who said that? Pretty unique. I said it. But I, I don't call that radio station. Well, I must have been dreaming that. Well, no, that's possible. Go away. We'll get to the bottom of a John. Okay. Yeah, we'll, uh, research that for you. Alrighty. Because they, they do seem to be obsessed with this show. And, and every morning, when I, you know, have, uh, occasionally, tune in and see what's doing. They're always talking about either Neil or I. Yeah, well, or both. Or both. Yeah. Donald Noodles, because they just can't get their minds off YouTube. Yeah. Well, they're not my type. Okay. Let's have a wonderful day and don't steal any nickels, okay? Alrighty. See you later. Bye. North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi. Darling. This is Pearl Williams. Hi, Pearl. How are you, sweetheart? Great. I just must tell you I love you. I love everything you say, everything you do. And anybody does a mic. You can go to hell. Exactly. Listen to me, sweetheart. Did you? I'm sure you heard that record before I haven't sure. I haven't. I got up just at those that record whatever it was. I heard you talking about it. I don't know what it was. Oh, you didn't hear it. Oh, darling. Oh, boy. What is it? Nobody knows. Nobody knows. What's on it, darling? I don't want to go into it. Alright. Listen. I gotta tell you. I've been trying to get you for a week. Believe it or not. A week is going today. I was in corkies with my grandkids having lunch. And behind us there was a booth with five ladies. So I hope they got. I'm telling you the truth. And I said to my grandson, you gotta listen to this. They were all having a conversation about the you he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he and he. Oh, yeah. Oh, I wouldn't listen for the world. Of course. But we love him. You bet. Five ladies sitting and talking about you and a booth behind us. I was so thrilled to hear what they were saying. Me too. I thought they had it. My ears were burning for him. Yeah, but believe me, they were praising you to the skies. They'd love you these ladies. I've gotta tell you. I think that you don't know because I am a very learned and a Jewish man which always put a very important act. Very orthodox. Now there's a word you used to. Right? Mm-hmm. How it's referred to it as a baby's rectum. The actual meaning of this word to us in Jewish is a shower because when we were kids, we didn't have showers in our homes. We didn't have bathrooms in those days. And my mother would give me six cents and say go to the public church and take a shower. A church with it. How it? Believe it or not? So in other words, if I tell somebody to push me and push, that means kiss me in the shower. Bye. Good. Bye. Excellent. And I thought they had it tell us another thing. When these old thoughts call it a you, they say listen to all things. Just be nice to your children because they're the ones who are going to pick your nursing home. Very good point. Isn't it? I love what I thought. So I just thought I'd tell you I love you. You're brilliant. You have a brilliant mind. I love some very. I love him. I know he grows on you, doesn't he? Oh, I love him. I think he's a door. Like a small tumor on your arm. You know. Birdle, do you know what? Fagalumines and Jewish? Fagal is a bird. Exactly. A little bird. Fagal. She has fagal. Is a big bird. Right. And a fagal is a little bird. A little bird. A real fagalum. A real fagalum. A real fagalum. A real fagalum. Listen, Pearl, it's always great here in front of you and, uh, and every time I can get through our core, and, and just say hello and tell you, I love you. Keep up the good work. Don't let anybody bug you. They try to do it to me and they're, it never worked. Screw him. This is Leigh-Hot. Yes. I worked in New York. I was very, very risky. I was dirty, not. I know. You were about as dirty as I can get. And I started to kill Garland. Nothing was one day in the week without writing something bad about me. And I wanted to know you couldn't get into the joint. Yes. But with so packed, you couldn't get near it. And then one day she wrote something nice about me. I wrote her at Letterman, I just not to change. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. That's a good work. I can't get the people in here with Jam. There'll be night in the week. Yeah. Whatever they say, whatever they want to do, screw them, do what you do. And it's gorgeous, it's beautiful. You're a big pick-up, the most people in Florida who listen to you. You're a big pick-up. You make that day. You start that day off beautifully. And keep up the good work I love you. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye, Pearl. You don't even know who she is doing. Just tell the audience. So you do? That's because I told you the last time she called. And it's always great to hear from her. Pam in Loderhill, I want to thank you for the nice card. But there's just tons of mail again here today. Good mail, all of this. Well, most of it. Oh, dear Neil. Dear Neil. Thank God you're on your way off the years. Hmm. On your way off, don't forget to collect that bum stand and take him with you. The reason people listen to you is they're waiting to hear that you're out of there. 11 and a half years they've been listening waiting to hear that I'm gone. Just wait for the day. I'm glad you saved your money because you're going to need it for a long, long time. Now I know there's a God. Uh, unsigned. Yeah. It's not good. How about that? The card sign. Sorry to disappoint you, but life goes on in the big city. And now, a continues Neil Lodger's music suite. One song in a row. Three minutes of continuous music. A 94 WI NC. We're in a good day, and we'll be with you. We'll be with you. We'll be with everybody. We'll be with you, the G. May all the main hit, what I want to say. That's a big deal. Thank you, Mayor Lee. Oh, oh. Now this is everywhere, man. He's in everything. He's in everybody. Now this is in your jeans. He's in your cheese purgers. Elbuses in the nutty buddies. Elbuses in your mind. He's in everybody. He's in the young. All the bad. He's getting a wide black. The brown and the blue. People got Elvis. You know, two. Elvis is in everybody out there. Everybody's got Elvis in them. Everybody except one person at his. Yeah, one person. Me. Evil opposite of Elvis. The N.T. Elvis. And the Elvis got no Elvis in them. It may tell you. Michael J. Fox has no Elvis in him. Oh, oh. Yeah. And Elvis and Joe Rivers. But he's trying to get out, man. He's trying to get out. Listen up, Tony. Baby. Elvis is in everywhere. Never see the baby. Elvis is in everybody. Elvis is in everybody. Elvis is in the old. He's in the old. And Elvis is in the old. And Elvis is in the old. And Elvis is in the old. That's the baby. Wow. And there's a lot of unexplained from now on. And after in the world. But if things people say, What the heck's going on? We're gonna tell you. Who built a fear of this? Elvis. Who built stone? His pelvis. Yeah, man. We see guys walking in the street. Pushin' shopping cards. And they think they're talking to Alah. They're talking to themselves. Man, no. They're talking to themselves. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. You know what's going on? That's for me to triangle. Down the perimeter triangle. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Elvis. Oh, the sailing Elvis. Captain Elvis. Comin' oil. But it is. Yeah, man. People put on their space. People put on their space. They come up to me. They don't look like Dr. Spock. They don't look like clingons. All that Star Trek job. Who's like Elvis. Elvis. Everybody in outer space looks like Elvis. Because Elvis is a perfect being. We're all moving to perfect pieces. Harmony towards Elvis. Soon, all will become Elvis. Everything, everywhere. We'll be Elvis. What do you think they call that evolution anyway? It's really Elvis, luscious. Elvis, luscious. Elvis is everywhere. Elvis is everything. Elvis is everybody. Elvis is still a king. Oh, no. That's the way. Elvis is everything. Elvis is everything. Elvis is everybody. Elvis is everybody. Elvis is really king. Oh, no. Elvis is getting cut and get me. Elvis. What's up, man? You're welcome. This game garden, Cello. Good evening. Good evening. I called you the morning in the afternoon. I was changing to... Anyway, this is the game late. I have a tip for the boy. Are you there? Yes. He's also got his mouth full. But I'm listening. Who's listening? Are you a fan of divine? The actor. Yes. Yes. I have a picture of divine in my bathroom at home. Oh. Are you thinking when I'm thinking? Boy. I have met divine. Oh, I have interviewed divine. I want to ask you a question. I want you to think about this. One of the first things that happened this morning after my Jeff Stryker, Virgin video tape arrived, is our own movie reviewer requested desperately to borrow it or have a copy of it. Tell me. To review it. Not desperately. Well, requested to see it. Thank you. Okay. Well, this was a preview that divine did to the boy a long time ago in a movie called Pink. Let me go. Which I've seen many times. Do you remember the birthday party? Sure. Do you remember the gentleman that laid on his back and thanked to his? Yes. The highlight of the movie. He wanted the highlight. Right. Do you remember the funky thing? No. The boy. The birds the word. That's all really. The birds the word. That's right. If you don't have it, I will send you a copy. I don't have it. I will send you a copy. How do you happen to have a copy? Well, Pink Flamingo. Yeah. I'm on the outside of this kind of thing. I have no idea what you're talking about. I have no idea what these two are talking about. It's a little inside. Don't blame me. Those of you in the audience who are getting all upset and sticking your fingers deep in your throat to bring lunch back for a second go round. I have no idea what they're talking about. Everybody saw Pink the Lingo's when they were in college. You missed that? You must have been absolutely- Oh, look at that. Oh, boy. Hey. Holy Toledo. If you could see this yogurt, it looks so good. The other police will thank you. I'm not. I'm telling him. Sirius. Okay. Well, I just wanted to call and then tell you that. That reminds you of the Niel. You have a wonderful vacation. Thanks a lot. Oh, what a call. Great call. I've no idea what he was talking about, but it was a great call. I don't know what to do. I don't know what their screamer eat this banana. Because there's all that beautiful, most strawberries look so good. It's a special meal of man to get these bones across the roughest part of a color run over there. Or to get that tongue alongside a 5,000 tons supertaker. And when it's all set enough, you know you were the man in charge of bringing her home. Yeah, that's me. You-you-you. Yeah. Come on. Get serious. That's not you. Give me. You're like most weird drinkers. What all you want is eight hours of football. A tough full of three-dose. And a couch. Big enough to handle you and your tooth. And your biggest mountain for a flush beer. Big as a mountain. Big, baby. Big bottom. No problem here. Just have another king of extra heavy touch beer. Who's there bro in the beer for the biggest part of you? Tush. No big as a mountain for a flush beer. That's a touch breweries. Say you need me, sir. What in pro-well you say the touch means shower. No. Big shower. Yeah. Ha-ha. You've bought his record. You've seen his film. You'll even purchase the day-glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. You'll know, baby. This is Elvis. Now what you can all write down. Make me a big peanut butter, never so much. A peanut butter, never so. Really good, make you with the knife. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. Old people in the middle. You'll hear Elvis. Don't you bring your word. A couple large palms. Barmits, they're three. The biggest sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm hungry. I'm alone. I'm alone. And I'm hungry. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how we really deal about the one true love of this life. Or if you back once you break them alive, baby. And I don't do way back. If you pick up some doughnuts, please. Make you a big peanut butter, never so much. Crulless, you need to taste too. I love my baby honey, baby doughnuts. Without them, I can't do. The Elvis tapes. I'll give it a big give it a more doughnut. A bit of a mouth in broad stars everywhere. I'll eat, I'll eat, live in more than one to two. I'll give it a big bowl of sugar. Let the cash line. Where you at any time a while. And money from the arms sales to iron. Was being illegally adopted to the contrast. You know Mr. Senator? I'm glad you asked that question. Because the countries are guerrilla fighters. And guerrillas always remind me of the monkeys. And isn't a great, but after all these years, there once again the high drop of teenagers all across the US of them. Mr. Casey, will you just answer the question? Well said, there's nothing I'd like better. But only advice of council. I'm most regrettably and respectfully decline your request. But don't go away because I'm going to take the fifth. And of course I can only mean the fifth dimension. The year was 1967. With this Mr. Casey, top of the chase. Well, the god, promote this man from the train by the meeting. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll help you in the next time. The crazy, the man's in hell down. Hello America, this is Casey. And every week on my coast to coast, Commandment Countdown, I'll tell you how many of the top 10 commandments. Jim and Tammy Baker have broken so far. In just one month, they've shattered number nine. Number eight, number seven, and number seven. Making them the most sinful couples in southern Man, Gimona. And now they're shooting for Commandment Number five. Isn't that right, Kevin? That's right, Casey. It's time to make your makeers. Oh, well, there goes number five with a bullet. A 38 pound. Yes, I've been shot through the heart and you're the blame. I gave P.T. Aliband. First you're a Brazil. Casey, come as you count down. I know you must show the same way after all these years. Just been able to take a while. Well, a certain time. When you have a problem, it helps to talk with others who have the same problem. Okay, I want you guys on to share with a group now. Yes, I'll do it. I'll just do it. Thank you very much, sir. Hold on, I'll just do it about you. Give me orders from double cheese, P.T. First we'll just get some peanut butter, and then it's time to put it in here. I'll just do it in this thing. To an encounter session. And you're at a local, Illinois, and a center. In Illinois, we're chronic Elvis impersonators go for it. I want to get him. What was that you saying, Alvina? Well, sir. I think it's time the people stop discriminating against us. Female impersonators and they always, you know, I got so burned too. I didn't think I'd ever learn to recognize the early warnings of the early warning sign. twitching links. Switching links. I can't control my face. Swing in here. I'm all sugar. Incredible weight gain. More delicious. At Elvis anonymous, we understand that impersonating Elvis is not a career. It's a disease. Oh, meat and a sweet. Give us some degree. So much labor. So much you can, too. L, Anna. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, no. By the way, tomorrow, we got six guys who knew Elvis, innermitly, we're going to be guest on the show and we're going to have the real Elvis story uncensored tomorrow. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I love that album. It's great, isn't it? Better than the be needing seen in boys and novels. Much better. Yeah, I think so. I'm going to have to play the record. Well, yeah, it's his life. You know, it's his job. Listen, is there any way wins, concival cast that Pope's mask from Tammy, Amy Park and play certain portions of that album at the same time? Good. Thinking, I never thought we could do it in stereo. Could the concival cast on the FM? Yeah, the end of each of his holiness is set and secs is just blast one out. I think it's making nice comments, Harry. Yeah. Or we can send letter down there just in person. You know, we wouldn't have to play the record. Yeah. Glenn. Yes. Any ideas on what you're going to do on Friday? Uh, no. Please plan on playing that album. Well, gee, that would eat up a lot of time. Well, that would even get it. That's the idea, Glenn. Over and over and over. That'll eat up in the power. Yeah. It'll eat up in the entire segment. Yeah. We'll see. Okay. I'll take your suggestion under consideration. Okay, Glenn. All right. We'll see you at the event again. Oh, sure. Okay.