Hello! You don't know me, but when I travel around the world, I make sure I have my American access card with me. With American access, I don't have to worry about caring roles of currency with me in different countries, which is great when you wear clothes that have no pockets. And getting ripped off for several thousand bucks is worse than excommunication. And American access is just like me. Except to just about everywhere. And I can do anything from buying Polish sausage to renting a lumbergene with my car. So the next time you travel to dozens of cities to bless millions of adoring fans, sort of like Madonna. Take the American access card with you. Amen. At American access, don't leave your centuries old multimillion dollar power without it. By one of the things we're going to do today is a cubic service. We're going to allow every group in this community who is going to be demonstrating or marching or protesting tomorrow and Friday to call in and give out whatever information. I mean, yesterday we were so generous. We even gave Bob Quinn's group. The guy called in not once but twice to give the phone number and all the information. And I'm not all I praise you about letting them on again, but we'd even let them in one more time. So if there are any groups out there, any feminist or whatever they might think who are really pissed who are upset is hell and not going to just sit back and take it on the chin. This is going to be an opportunity a chance of a lifetime here today for you to use this forum to get the information out. Speaking of our lean and Mike by the way, if you turn to page 3E, Linda Thornton in one of her weaker moments. And I'm going to be seeing her later today, somebody who will pass along my thoughts on his column. News anchors are serious about adding a light touch is the headline on his column. And Linda goes on to absolutely gush over our six o'clock news hour in which each evening you hear our lean and Mike Charling puking laughing rolling on the floor using anonymous names, etc. And in general, embarrassing themselves. But here they are. Here's the picture that you've often waiting for our lean Ross and Michael will bring their own style to the six o'clock news. And Mike looks very damper there. He's all dressed up with a white shirt and a tie in the whole business. And of course that's the way he comes to work every day, right? And salutely, that's the way we see him every day. In our lean of course looks like her hair like she just stuck her finger at an electrical outlet. A 220. And really, it's just incredible. I just die every day when I listen to the stand show. It always starts at about four o'clock. I guess at that hour the day is when the guys out there start getting really horny. I mean really desperate about four o'clock. And you hear one after an hour is our lean there. Can we hear her voice? You know, all they want to do is hear her voice. It's like phone sex on a radio. Basically is what's going on on that show during the late afternoon. Just one after another after another. And of course within a matter of moments, all of a sudden there's her voice like magic. Absolutely. She flies into that news booth like a fly on the wall. I mean, she shows up on cue like nobody I've ever heard in the business. And you guys out there, I'm telling you. I mean, early never stole a freight train. She's okay in my book, but let's get serious. Okay. 1017 at WI and Z. Let's take our first break because we do have a little business to show. I know that frightens a lot of people out there, especially up in Pompano Beach. But life must go on. By the way, that performance by Jika about Michael J. Fox yesterday. He loves you. My words. Oh, I think love would be an understatement. I think he's obsessed, obsessed. And when he made that comment about, I only wished that my sex life was like Michael J. Fox. Did you hear that? Did he was scoring more than Dan Moreno. And now it's time to know that. Well, he's been out there in LA. Is he monitoring him? No, you hear things when you're in LA. Oh, I think. Yeah. He probably heard it from many different sources. Yeah. Probably heard a lot about Rob Losex like, too. Didn't say anything about that. Really? That's what we're going to do this shower. We're going to take a poll on Michael J. Fox. What did you see back to the future? Even the desperate, horny women in the audience would not. Maybe some of the horny guys. Why would take a shot with Michael J. Fox? He's not. I don't think so. Because there's nothing he's smooth down there's nothing. Believe me, trust me. And if Tom's listening, which I know he doesn't listen to this show, that's one thing we discovered yesterday that Tom Jick had doesn't listen to the show anymore. He said nice things and he's a good friend and always a great kid. Now, like, he's me of turning on him, which I'm not doing Tom, but let's be honest. What is in the office? He never even heard. He never heard Nashville's greatest hits before. No. He loved it, but he had never heard it before. Now, anybody who listens to the show even casually out of it. Like John Williams. Certainly is familiar with Nashville's greatest hits. So what is that? Want to get in any of those, any of that Hanky Patti? Because I'm sure there will be a little bit of that around. All of that. Have you noticed all of the alter boys have disappeared? Have you noticed that? And I want to cause any alarm and town when he parents to get paranoid. But there is a rumor going around that all of the alter boys from the area churches, especially in Dave County, have disappeared. And we'll not be home till Saturday. Do you think anything will happen between now and into alter their attitudes? Anyway, that's pretty much going to do it. Oh, we got another minute, don't we? Should we take another call? See, I'm not one of those people at panic when we got a minute. You know, I hate to put people on for a minute. But since the call is from plantation, we'll do it. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Welcome back, Mr. And I think you'll use that special purple pan and do a remote. I'm serious. I think this is for real. Did you get one of these in the newsroom? I thought you were asking me. No, I ask in my world. I haven't seen anything like this. This is for real. This is the MSN. And it's signed by Guido Bachi Manager of the Pope John Paul II World Tour. What's going on? I thought it was going to be signed by Guido Sarguuchi. But it's for real. I'm telling you. One thing. You didn't mention the sillies when the other night. I mean, you mentioned the maps when last night. Well, the Met's now only two and a half back though. And they're doing it. Come on to court to go. Ah, yet serious. And one more thing to take into account. Thank you, guys. I'm also the news. If you have $55, you can buy a 30-inch high aluminum Pope's shape to one sprinkler called lettuce spray. Let us spray. I saw that. And so if you guys made it in Detroit. Yeah, right. And it was spraying all the while I was there. Okay, listen. Have a wonderful day in a great light. But Michael, for those headlines, we'll wait for no one. No woman except Darley and Ross. And we have the full CBS news, including all the spots it won a clock, and we'll come back at 106. Okay, let's go to South Miami. Hello. Hello. How about a joke? Totally unrelated to anything that's going to be going on. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. A Miami. Hello. Yeah. The thing? Oh, okay. You know, I gotta tell you something. I'm listening to your show for a while. In many times, but I gotta tell you, I find your attitude and your physical thing about the Pope that you've already own. I find it sick. I'm not going to be a good thing for it. Well, but I thought that I can make a company by May. Everyone of the points that you try to discredit the Pope on the capital of religion with, well, they happen to have an answer. Every one of the things for instance, all this money that's been spent for them for the Pope, the Communist Security and all that. You don't even mention the fact that Miami is going to get all that money many times over in the publicity that's getting all around the world. How many people is that going to feed? How many starving people is that going to feed? How many of them is going to close? And how many is it going to get off the street? We're not talking about publicity. We're talking about real religion, which there is none in this whole visit. There's no compassion. There's no charity. There's no nothing. All it is is a big promotional tour. That's all. The TR. Point out of time before you hang out with me, like you usually do when somebody doesn't agree with you. It's not a religion, quite some of that Mormon. You'll repeat it over and over and over at the money that's been spent on security on death and death. Sir, you're not even listening to me. If you weren't coming here, they could erase the same amount of money and they could offend some desperate people with it. Who the hell needs them here? Who needs the security? Don't you understand? I mean, you see, you are so swept up with the emotional, the propaganda they and the brainwashing that's been done on you. Why are you not even a guy? You can't see the forest for the trees. Just listening to you, every single thing that's a prison thing that color just a little while ago that was talking about this, points at the body, can we supporting off? You're so hot that the body can't, he's not putting out those going. But that has nothing to do with the guts with the body, can't just a tight and enterprise of the side of the... I can't make any difference. It's still being peddled as part of the same promotional tour in the church. Everything that's being done here. I haven't heard anybody scream it out against it. I haven't heard the arts bishop in this town scream it out against it. I haven't heard any big tumult from the Vatican protesting the commercialization of this whole visit. Well, if there's anything that's going on, then they can get a penny out of they love it. It could say the same thing with every pit of state that this is here. And I don't hear you. There when heads of state, when heads of state visit here, we don't disrupt the entire community. We don't block off streets. We don't force businesses to close down. But that goes to the court. This is one of the president. It's a very... If grab a chop or coming here tomorrow from one of the two most important countries in the world, if he and President Reagan were coming here tomorrow, they wouldn't be closing off the streets and they wouldn't be forcing people to shut down business and they wouldn't close schools in day county on a Friday. And you know that as well as I do. I would make as much money in the future, or the upper tighten is getting from the post-pitch at either. Sir, again, you know, if you think that the Pope is supposed to be a commercial commodity, like the Michael Jagdon tour, I don't want to talk to you, sir, because you're just an emotional wreck. Okay, it's impossible the reason would somebody like you. Your voice keeps getting higher, your more emotional. And now you're going to say, a hung up because you disagree. I hung up because there's no way to reason with you. Where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Okay? And you can't reason with a jerk like you. Talking about how much money my amy is going to make. Ooh, look at that. You asked, you received. He'd be paying. It doesn't he look weird? He looks like a mannequin. Looks like his sister, Jay. I'm going to tell you something. I don't think there's any blood throwing through this flowing through his veins. I'm sorry. It's like, um, weird. Yeah. Like plastic. Oh, I guess if you have enough plastic city, your whole being becomes plastic. This is the Michael Jackson Bad album. And of course, we don't have any turn table in here. So is this our copy now? I took it from people. The I will ask. You took it? No, I said. You went married. You grand it? No. I tell you, look out. When I was on vacation, you opened up every piece of mail. You're wearing your piece of mail. I've been on vacation many times. I've been in the market almost 12 years. I've always gone away when I came back. My mail was waiting for me unopened. Well, no emergency. I wasn't here. What a wonderful excuse to open somebody else's mail. There was, I say, I know I say to be a no expert. Every good. Let a busy birdie. You know, you've heard of a busy body. This is a busy birdie. That was work to be done. We're shame on. Then now. All right. Let's, uh, as stands expert opinion. He generally, uh, happy birthday. By the way, stand. Happy number 40 or 39 or 39 is a year younger than Joey Pinn. I'm going down every year. Do you know that he told the audience Sunday or this morning that he was 40? Ha ha ha ha. Boy, he hasn't seen 40 for a long time. Oh, yeah. He was a child prodigy. He was 13. WKBW and Buck long. Uh, he's skinny though. He's skinny? Yeah, he's not fat. I heard that he was enormous. Well, I could be wrong. You worked with him. Yeah. You need? Yeah. She's lucky like me. Well, you're not exactly. I guess when you work with him, he was like in his low 30s or mid 30s. Oh, look at that. Looks like Eva St. A Marie Sleak. Diana Ross did the, uh, my home. Oh, my God. Look at that album. When you're present, how can that look like a real person? Let's get an expert opinion from one who knows. Wow. From one who knows a real girl when he sees one. Uh, that's a lie. I'm sorry. Are you guys playing in there? No. I don't even know what it is. I take a license plate number. Don't you think you ought to let me program his music for one month? For one month? No, I'm telling you. I can put you guys as opposed to you were successful. Do you guys, I don't want anything though. I'm very pleased right over here. And if you believe then, you guys play crowded. Ah, proud of how? Say do play crowded house. Do you play doors? The police and CCR man. They got that CCR just, uh, locked in the transmitter. It's incredible. They don't even have to play the compact disc. They just hit a button because right directed to the transmitter. CCR. They know the, uh, Roland, Roland. Yeah. On and on. And I like one of their cards because the day caught. I loved it. Sergeant Pepper. Rolling hearts club. Whatever that is. Oh, you played along with the track missing. Yeah. I love Sergio. They beatle the Beatles with nothing. Beatles and Stor Membles. Yeah. Some of those old capital stereo albums will do that. The Beach Boys albums will do that when you try to play in Monoa, Drackle, drop out. And all you'll hear is the background vocals in the instrument. They'll be saying, I want to have that. Sounds like Brian Wilson has gone on another S. I caught a cap of soda or something. Okay. Here comes the message from our FM program director. Peter Paul and Mary. What's he trying to say to you, is that? Is that what we are? Remember. That card. Peter Paul and Mary. Oh, yeah. I went play. And that was great. And like it was like you were hearing one channel for a second. And then it would drop out and do it. Yeah. A little bit of a little bit on the floor. Like most of our audience drop out. I just had to say that out of it and make excuses. Very nice of them to loan me a couple of Beatles cards for the boy. I don't know. I hit that thing. I knew we were in trouble. Are there in stereo? I know. Well, some of them have worked in here before. Really? But that one just didn't work at all. Neil has left the hot seat. Are you doing in the corner looking for something? It's your program, Rogers. Tell me what you want all of for it. Peter Paul and Mary. Oh. Now you know the guys who did the Neil Rogers disease over at Hot 105? Yeah. They have brought you a new. Oh great. Jim, why should I? I used to have the FN people in the market doing Mark Morick. We did all that stuff. Why? I now had most of it. I'm not going to want. Cardin most of mostly stuff up, which was nice of you. Leave me the tape. Well, you know. Next time card it up. Will you place? Did you hear the record that he card it up for me? What a job. That might be not the play. He not had card it up the cut that I wanted. Card it up hard. The next cut too. When the cut it up and took the needle off. It's not like the Nick Burton Jorson. It's like Howard Stern. You know, I got a little piece of it and keep that. It's a class. Yeah. It's almost as glad you know why don't ask the bird to card things for me. We like those noises. We like all those classes too long. So this is the crepitation theme. Yeah. From Jim Skyler and Marilyn Love Long. David Jory Reynolds will be sending stuff over. We know. Dan's Day. He's talented assholes from Hot 105 to Dan McKay. And the morning, Nick morning, I'll show a huge fan. Boy, I'm going to have a Nick nervous breakdown. Just thinking about it. He was trying to do scratch music. Yeah. That was the bird's effort to do scratch. I like it. Come temper. Yeah. Okay. So we thank Peter for the XTC album Skylarking and for Michael Jackson. He'd be real bad. Well, I tell you he has a lot of t-shirts. He doesn't look just strange. He looks, um, I'm sorry. Right. He's a manic. I mean, he's sitting there in this other now with these chains. Maybe that's not him. Maybe that's a manic enough. Or it looks like it. And maybe five years now he'll reveal. You all thought that was. They said he's had a lot of emotional problems. He's become a manic and depressing. Oh boy. Okay. 20 after one at WINZ. We want to say hello to Joy Pinto and I apologize if he's skinny. I thought this is a big girl. When I saw him, he wasn't. So I heard that he was big and buffalo. I could be wrong. You had a 60 year on a station that had the only signal that was on the air. It was incredible. I remember those kind of shows. I was there what? 1920. When the RCA dog used to sing into the Victoria. Okay. Let's take a break.