Yeah, speaking of unbelievable last night, I don't know how long it's been taking me to tell a story. I mean it was Unbelievable I can't begin to tell you the ice cream store look like the Rascal house on a busy day Okay, they were lined up I don't want to say for blocks, but they were lined up outside the door and if Brian survived it If Brian is still with us this morning Congratulations because he did a human job. I'm not trying to butter him up a little bit. Okay? Well, just a little bit But I have never seen such a crowd and they were all our listeners standing I just drove up and back we drove by because I said to him wait a minute look at the mob scene in that place I'm not going in there now And we thought we'd kill little time and then we realized that as time got Ruined it crowd was gonna get bigger. I can't believe it. I think everybody who came by and the jatel me the day is national ice cream Monday or something like that some special day So we'll get this gauge one find out who's worked in the night and maybe you know some of those people come back They came from Miami from Carl Springs from everywhere just for a little ice cream Little chat with Neil and Stan and of course a little look at who might be working last night And we didn't let them down did we we certainly did not I Think Brian's getting a little bit nervous. You know he's fairly oblivious, but I think he's getting a little bit nervous just a little Our first caller must be desperate. It's a pay phone. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay? You broke music here. Oh boy. That's your record. You got it. You want it? You got Friday on my mind. First amount of fact I was gonna bring it in today. It's funny. You mentioned it We were always very fond of you Craig right now Right me with Don't think alarm me. Okay. I'm sorry. I apologize. I would say I get my education. Are you cereal? I would appreciate that make sure I get a bag of is it in good condition? But I speak it's not real scratchy or anything is it? I don't think so because I be embarrassed you know because all of them I'll check it for bring it. Okay. Thanks. Bye bye boy. What service, huh? Ask and you shall receive Friday on my mind. I just play that in lightning strikes when it comes in. We'll just segue them back and forth and back and forth And I was coming to work and I was thinking about lightning strikes which was 1968 Luke Christie and a lot of the people like Who were there last night the ice cream store weren't even born in 1968 which is kind of a frightening prospect Does anybody out there who wasn't born like before 1970? Don't ever call me because I can't cope with that I can't relate to that. The idea that I'm getting that old you know time marches on I'm telling this very easy You're 18 20 25 and you think hey boy. It's like this Ebola cherries all of a sudden you wake up on day You discover that you're 40 and everybody always said life begins at 40 and they left a couple of words out life begins to end at 40 trust uncle Neil when he tells you it starts getting a little deep pressing and you start watching the big chill Over and over again you want to go to class reunion just one last time Northminey Beach, hello Hi, you know yeah I was talking about you this morning on TV who was One of the guys on TV was not that Joey Pinto again. You know this guy is so desperate Well really it's it's started with a nurse nerdy called us and he said let's stand About Neil Rogers and the guy really said no one used to best air at me and I got So he said now let's stand for now. All he does for his ice cream boys. Yeah, right now I'm big and when they see too. So you see they don't know what they're talking about Bag boys are just as good as ice cream schoolpers Okay, I was good. Okay, you too. What is that Joey? No, you know I heard that he's a homo sapiens That's the rumor we're starting new Dell also said the record is on the way I'd tell you we might wind up with a hundred copies of Friday on my mind today By the easy beats what a show what an audience what a life. What a place If you believe that mobile phone hello thank you Neil how are you before I blew it you know what I should have said don't you right? No, well Your mutation to the Dan was better than today when you're only show the other day well he's he's coming out of it now He's almost alive at this point after last night Well, yes, I know but we we kindled his hope now there's some hope and of course there was some guy there in a Metz uniform and Stan is convinced that the guy brought his wife by for Stan to a fondle and the checkout So I got your Appreciate really yeah, sure did the one Jesus goes to McDonald's and the The thing about that is the plan to get man out of and a cover for that thing is wow It's the plastic is one or it's clear. You know, oh, yeah, I know yeah It does the I would cover is just like the clear final I don't know today something about a base it's really wild what kind of vinyl did you say Out of the base vinyl queer vinyl yeah queer well what would you expect? I don't know baby black to you know, quite bored. Okay Hello, I know it's rough isn't it? Where? Thanks again at the bird with the wild top of it. He died the after you know You guys gotta get a little time brought over there That's the way that they came on with like a three-year-old It's not that on his uh, you know, well, that was the bird yeah Yeah, incredible thanks a lot of you okay. I like thank you I was in a little hurry there. He was on a mobile phone, you know 35 cents a minute from the time it starts ringing. I don't play him. You know, he could have gone out and bought the record for the price of the call Miami good morning You're talking to me welcome to WINZ sir. Thank you What do you want? I have to say I'm just a place about the label hey listen everybody's got a little complaint Somebody got at the other day in fact the guy came to the ice cream store last night and was a polygetic Because he called in yesterday and was not the record was free but it wasn't as good as I had said it was So everybody's got a little complaint Yeah, I don't know the reason I call is I took you in by someone up to about a few Just last week you reported on that you said it was pretty good Yes, and I found a very very good tell was there anybody in there? About three people yeah, yeah, I guess it's a select little crowd that hangs out in there. I don't know what that's all about When I was there he was taking reservations. I was there for the early on there about seven But you're taking reservations for the weekend and they might have a pretty good weekend crowd However, maybe all the tests are right in a fair Yeah, could be you did that or they were the ice cream store one of the other Anyway, was it Neil? Would you enjoy it too? Yeah, it was pretty good. Yeah. Oh, I think it's a tip and how about the Chinese? Is that open now the Mandarin Chinese? I think that open the night out was there That hours around T-hums Oh, so saying accepting about the time and being open the Chinaman is open. Okay Okay, well, it's an bloody enjoyed it and good luck to you, sir Okay, have a great life and we'll send you bill for it all here he comes ladies and gentlemen with a compact disc in his hand Where's that from is that from Zeta? Dean Delas got Friday on my mind on his way and Craig the Detroit is setting it over Or do you see it? I see the light by the five Americans Friday on my mind by the easy beats now They would never play that on the FM here with it, but just happen to lines in day Kyle has a message here. It says no one wants to talk but leave anti-bird messages Hey listen don't leave any messages if you want to talk to me He was stupid star then that's what it's all about otherwise bug off. Okay, buzz out Now we are gonna need your help a little bit later Reefly we have those tickets to your way that's why they're not calling out because they figure if they call now They'll blow it and are all looking for something for nothing Don't start with that with a message just what you please leave the port bird alone already Pour maligned creature well, why don't you have somebody Dubbed that is that possible onto a cart you'll dub it. Oh, no You remember the last one don't you We only want one cut we don't want little preview of whatever cut follows it on here what comes on after All I see the light by the five Americans good song good record, but we're not in the market for that today. Okay? So what are we gonna do we've already got a copy of it on the way over from mud you Dell? Yes, and I'm sure the Craig is listing on a way over so Craig thanks, but you don't have to make the trip because we got it What a great record, huh? At Zeta Boy, I didn't know they were still speaking to us over there. I heard they said some nasty things about me yesterday Yes, that's when I heard that's the popular rumor that Scott that Maven from the morning there Said some terrible Blastfulness this disgusting Probably true, but shame on him He's starting again. Can you believe me starting again? He's just hovering in the background making bird like trip They were asking for your last night. Did you hear what I said? We wouldn't be cut dead in public with you and that's Right from the heart now they wanted to see it and they all were asking does he really look like sweetie bird? We said yes trust us Trust us the spitting image Boy, is that a little bit too much work for you to handle? Maybe you can get J to put it on part, huh? Can get somebody okay? I don't want to pressure you now. I know that the last couple of days We actually asked you to make a couple of calls and do a little bit of work now He's at a new station now. WORK and he's not used to those callators. He can't to relate to those Okay, let's take a little break here and see if we can't straighten him. I will get that on Car and of course, I'm sure that nobody in the audience gives it in they don't kill They don't want to hear that right well I do I like it a lot 24 like some of the people who came by last night. I like them a lot 24 before 11 at WORK and we'll come right back Oh my god look at what just Waddled in here from the FM now what are these rumors? Yeah, but I heard about you taking my name in vain I didn't I didn't I swear I didn't is this my working? Hello That's right you need to touch it. I go now. You know all this crap No, we still don't understand we got a nice what do you got what's that you remember Stan was saying No, what's Stan was complaining everybody always all advocating show. Yeah, so I called my I said well all the people that call you and complain about him Are usually kissing up to you people want to be your friend. They don't want to disagree with every show That's it what's the last time you had someone call you and complain to you? There was an on the I like you know a two minutes ago and like so I'm sorry box calls a piece is up to you. Oh, those guys. He doesn't kiss up to me I don't I wouldn't kiss him I turned it back They're just like I'm like just joy a little bit. You know like on the cheek. I met him I never met him and then him I went to his cheese for my boy. Aren't you lucky? Yeah. Oh, yeah It was I'm a different person for it Yeah, I would think so you look a little different straight in the end. I'm a little old No, I didn't say if you look a lot. I love you. I don't know I think you chose great. I really didn't know you know they were talking about how are the other I don't think I don't think I Think it shows great. I really didn't know you know they were talking about how are the other I don't think I don't think I don't think I Howard do you like how are that much? What you like about howard howard howard the duck know how are the stern? I'll tell you what I would I support you up Oh, I'm mystery celebrity Good morning Good morning Yes, it is you want to voice your support for us? I get right there I got my Area spirit voice Oh, it's a lot of Munster Once grandpa from the monsters this angry at the ifs is I bet you could out create a potion You don't make him do the beer. Can I tell you something? God I mean I mean create a potion for those the end of the world I mean There beyond the green those people but I really I want to tell you how I mean nobody no offense grandpa. I don't know you that well if you stuck on me how are we? Oh Okay, just a little sample there you see I got a card and here's anything I had a chance to listen to it to him on I didn't be safe for a good year straight because I don't say straight on this Immediately you're on the wrong I live in the Connecticut and you know the AM signal reached where I was and after a while He's thick got old they really got old He's great. They really got old little dirty if you listen to him like two or three times a week It's great every day Well, I bet it's you know when there are 12 million people in the market you can afford that You get a lot of turnover that was only just so well in a large market But the people were saying like you know stand you not like Neil what's the same thing? You don't want to Neil She'll want that's for sure. Oh two stands you definitely don't say So I was just saying I was saying the stand was he was brahamed He was bugged He was really these are a lot better now But did you have to be a particular to the ice cream school last night? He's a lot trust me. Yeah, yeah, I They were telling him like hey smile once they're all that's true Somebody was depressed he said moving experience from that meal we had three days ago Or gee, I'm not gonna go into that I'm doing bad food bad restaurant who was delicious but I left a little something lingering You know what I mean like terminal cramps for about three days Well, he was that insane bad about you if I did I'd have to come in and say he said it was so bad that he wouldn't repeat it because I'd get upset That's what stands said I don't want to create any riff, you know between you guys But oh no, no, he said I was okay Well, you're honest opinion of our morning show now tell us I can take it. I'm a big boy On a scale of one to ten One to ten I'm set myself up for big. Well, I'm not gonna do that. I couldn't do that No, you see a little work you see a future needs a little work did you listen to us today? No, okay See you missed it today. We're starting to take your advice. We're starting to take a little chances And the risk a little risk and we're bucking the establishment something you do so well So I'm not here to promote our radio station. No, of course, no, no, no I'm not mad a lot of promote now. We should get it's like they attacked me like oh he's ripping us again I give us a little more promotion and the management every time you measure every time you do that There's no such thing as bad breasts. It's press. No such thing as bad breasts. Oh, well, that's too true Where you know well 80 kids maybe but Don't start nine. I'll you'll pick on him and he'll get all of a sudden he can destroy the FM with that half hour show He's gone. Yeah, I'm gonna be out of this week. I'm psyched about it. Oh, are you really? I hope I see you again the man has no shame. This is gonna last my run the different people in the building Desperity has no show oh Yeah, that kind of stuff tell me I could pick my own music But for you to brought some heroin ready records or something yeah, actually you probably are to wear it But they got some big promotion in mind for a both the AM and the FM they hired a two kids with sandwich for it That are gonna be walking up and down the Lincoln road mall This afternoon and it's gonna be great. That's the most promotion we've had in a long time here Yeah, so things out of people even want to talk to you. I'm gonna get out of here But though these are pretty people probably complaining about you're being here. No, it's no problem No, I don't want to see drop in anytime. I just want to I want to see you Watch the same sauce. I want to watch the master. We're no comment for waterdale. Hello And we take our second break. We did it didn't we oh, I panicked I didn't cross it out. Yes. Well, what a sexy voice Thank you. How are you fine? I have bad news for me. What is it? My school is having wiki to keep me the speaker for graduation Are you serious? I am serious. What is this pipe or high? Unfortunately, it's not you People would talk about your radio station at the afternoon and I'm gonna talk to the morning and that's what they're doing right now Ricky So here about it. It's a water cooler, right? Probably I would think so. I hope you don't have a lot of water coolers near school We do it unfortunately do Ricky will be there with his friend Dr. Bend over and they'll be hovering over all the water coolers buzzing in each other's ear doing little talk ups in each other's ear But I wanted to do with all I had to get some kind of petitioned signs. Is it? Good to speak there. Oh, no. I don't do those things No, they don't let me in schools anyway anymore They don't know What about scared? Oh, especially stand they don't even let them near the school grounds Sam wouldn't have anything with these people these are all older people. There's nobody under 16 there Oh, like I said he wouldn't show up anyways busy. There you go Well listen give Ricky give Jimmy how much a big kiss for me and I wish him you know the best When they lose their license over there you wish him the best I found when I found out. Yeah, well nothing's perfect, you know Unfortunately, okay, we won't hold it against you Bye bye Stand my like to but that's another story Okay, we do have an open line in each county here this morning which is In fact we have a couple of lines right because they're giving messages and they're just uh On their worst behavior well, that's probably because the FM people are showing up in here They can handle it they'd count a six two four niney four hundred and and Broward five two four niney four hundred deer field good morning How you doing? Yeah, yeah Last night. Where are you? Unbelievable that will be said I know you own it you're a piece of that or what I should I should have about 10% of the action I can't believe it On hey, how come see you don't go down on the dump? I don't know he had to be pressing the yesterday I thought he was a four sleep on the on the chair. No, he's he's in better spirits now after that experience last night Hey, but he didn't give me an autograph so Yeah, I feel better. Yeah, he says My wife's a facialist. I was wondering you get into facial little I'm serious That's a fetish yeah, it sounds a little bit I had some of those people rub me the wrong way a little bit, but that's another story Me too, I know just that mostly they rub me away I was I was then you uh get a gift to get you and Sam all right was your wife there with your last name sure was Did she go in and try to attack Brian by any chance? I tell you I had to I had to keep around you know I think from the car with with the door I know I thought you were supposed to be still That's a good looking kid. Yeah, I think you could say that I think he's getting a little bit affected by it. Don't know I think I do in the last first walk then I got there early and I got there like around 730. Yeah, so what can I say? It's this Is this the place and he looks at me and he says Well, it's the ice cream place He didn't really say it is the place and something by so he's I still the sign so I Oh, yeah, they changed the little message on there. You see they've wrote on there. It's a good time for the great taste Why do that for well? I guess you know they want Donald to come and visit next Well anyway, I I'd like to say one that would be the end of the whole thing put on Lauren greens to install oh Got come on. I know that's this gonna be tacky sir the dogs of a number of 83 what is it? The Lauren green died at 83 that 17 years in doorcliff Oh Yeah, that's cute that's okay. No, it's okay. What I'm gonna. I don't think he was 83 though I think he was only 68 wasn't it? I don't know. It was in the 80s. He looked like him And I think it was only four years in doggy life for something like that. What if when no when he was 60 he was still apart I think He was still on the ends of who knows How a good life meal okay? I'm gonna send you these these facial Statistic I can't wait for that really enjoy. Okay. We'll give him the stand yeah Why not okay? Take it easy