I mean so far the show's been pretty mild. What have we done to get them worked up into a frenzy? Or have they been doing things at home to get themselves worked up into a frenzy? That's the question. And don't look outside your window now, but the guy in the yellow raincoat is Tom Fiedler. I want to get your panicky folks. Kendall, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Okay, I know. I've been listening to your show for a long time. I've read a chance to talk to you, but um, and the following is this whole thing that you do with a great deal of interest. It's a little proud to stick back issue anyway. I just tuned in and I've had a couple of six back myself, but uh, oh, seriously no, no, no, no. Kendall Glenn had some people on this morning talking about beer. Oh, you go, who's the one who was talking about that? Anyway, I've been following. So I do have had a Christmas campaign. Well, I think it's something you said on your news break was really, uh, it really, really struck me funny. It was like, uh, uh, president Reagan is warning Jim K. Casey Dying, right? I bet you there are definitely relieved that the guy died because, uh, president Reagan has, uh, William Casey's brain now. William Casey, you know, I think it's their, they're glad that he died because they had a half to half those, uh, uh, uh, uh, they was calling out what to your ramp thing. I guess that was a great with them, you know. And, uh, I'm, you know, I would, I bet you they wish all the north died too, you know. Right? Allie North? Allie, allie North, yeah, sure, if he died, do I guess that would make the whole thing? It would cover the whole thing. But hey, guys, you got to testify in front of an angry Senate some committee, and that can really make you sweat. So you need the cologne, especially formulated to cover that distinctive stench of guilt. You're just a fine, but you're caught flying your way. Allie, splash it on. Allie, the cologne, name for the guy who started it all. I'm Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North, and there's nothing I'd rather do than tell you how great my new cologne is, uh, but I must regretfully and respectfully decline to comment on advice of my attorney. Allie, this time divert your funds and take the fifth of allie new from cover up cosmetics. 1109 at WINZ, New Ranges with It Till 2, or any soldiers going to be along with Saturday morning or Saturday afternoon services from 2 to 7 a.m. a afternoon and of course in the noon hour, I can't wait for this. How do we know who we're going to be talking to? Daffy is over there with Motek and Ernie and who else, Ron Harrison is over there too? A bunch of posk-good knocks are over there at the diplomat mall in honor of Mother's Day weekend. And I guess Ernie is going to be calling in. That ought to be really good. So let's rub our mizzises together when Ernie calls in. It's going to be real exciting. Miami, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. Yeah, uh, my name's Bob McPherson. Caller? Yeah, Bob, how you doing? Okay, Neil. Ernie, before discussing uh, uh, but this jacket is on the radio and the lack of originality. And I was just wondering what would be your opinion on how it's turned type? Well, maybe I'm opinion on what? How it's turned. Funny guy. Funny guy. Historical. Have you ever met how before? No. On, uh, well, uh, you know, the thing with the press, wanted me, uh, I'm a little bit press like you because uh, I'm originally from New York and I just reloaded out. Could have pulled me, Bob. Oh, really. And uh, it's funny because I was to do show every morning's on 6 to 10 in the morning. And without FTC ruling, what happened was it's hysterical because he was ruled not a decent, as you know, of course, right? And then following morning in the daily news. And I say, right there, uh, the front headwind said FTC rules how it's decent. So I was asking you like you guys, like when you get, you, he was sounding decent, right? Now what gives them the right to a prince or my dad isn't that slanderous? Now he is found in decent august. That's under the new guideline. You've got to confuse. Right. Well, uh, it was not found in, that's why they brought in the guideline. They couldn't nail him on the old thing on the seven words and they brought in it so they can nail anybody they want. Oh, I'm putting it Howard. Oh, was very, uh, like, uh, it wasn't specific, though. So what they do they just change it? Yeah. So it made it vegan ambiguous so they can nail anybody they want. Oh, yeah. I didn't know that it was because I know it was very, uh, it wasn't specific thing. And now that's why we're doing our campaign, Bob. That's why we're doing this thing to try to force them to rescind it to go back so we know what the rules are released. Right. Okay, now I love you so much. I'm sorry. I made it two weeks. I put yarn in the mic and uh, I feel like I'm back home again. Okay. Thanks a lot. Say hi to Robin. Okay. 11 past 11 at WIZ. How do you like that? A guy from New York. The most New Yorkers are pretty critical. You know, they think that only what's in New York is good. If it's anywhere but in New York, it's no good. But here's a guy who's honest. He recognizes something good when he, when he stumbles into it. I'm like a lot of the people down here who just don't think that anything is good. They're always unhappy. They're always fetching. I'm hoping to know hello. Hello. Yes. I do a nail. Okay. Oh, great. I was, I was enlisted and got a phone call from my sister from North Carolina. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And she says, quote. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Hold on one second. Okay. I'm sure. Put him on one line. Whatever that. Put him on right away. I got to hear this. What do you say? Yeah. Go ahead. Anyway, what I wanted to say is that I've been listening to the show for years and obviously enjoy you very much. I've never called in before. But I'm whoever's in the back where I didn't even know what his name was. But I've heard him before. I've never listened to it. When we kicked him out, we kicked him out. Okay. Anyway, he's got, if you were just listening to an hour of this spell, if you were just listening to the tape played back, you'd realize how unnerving that adolescent, cackle sort of thing is. Well, didn't you hear me tell him that he cackles? Yeah, that's what I chose the word. When I got on my car, I heard the word cackles. You're finished, Glenn. You've had it. Stick to your own show, baby. He sounds like a truss and celery. He's just got me. He is. He's a good guy, but he just cackles too much. Let me make me and cackle or whatever. Yeah. At first, laugh. Exactly. Exactly. But you're doing a great job. Keep up the word by yourself. Okay. Thank you. Well, I don't want to touch that line. Okay. Okay. Hear that Glenn? Audio's. He's off the show, right? Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's all right. My sister, that lives in the soft carolina. Call me last night and call me to call the Miami Herald and cancel her. You should hear what I call him. And go and call and cancel them out. He will definitely take this app and the carolina is anymore. Good. And he says, also, tell Neil that we don't have any car shields up here. And I miss him, very much. Great. Well, tell her she's a great American man. And she lived in Florida and pop and the Fort Florida deal for, for the 1949. And they moved up there two years ago. They don't have any 12 shows. And she says, I have Neil, try to have Neil do something about it. She says, I miss you. Yeah, right. The very much. Mm-hmm. He's wonderful. Well, I'll try to do something about it. I'll try to. I'll tell that. Fcc, just a bit. Then there. Here. Yeah, stick it in your ear. Uh-huh. OK. Well, give my best regards, tour. Oh, Neil, I've used that a great tour. And I'm in the air when I get out all the time. And I'm a crippled guy. I'm looking for you all the time. And you're wonderful. Thank you. You take care of yourself. Oh, you're wonderful. OK. OK. See what can do if I'm getting out. OK. I'll see what I can do. For you. OK. Bye-bye. Oh, you're a dear. Thank you very much. OK. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. It's 11.15 in WI and Z. And I'm serious. We've had a lot of can't take a risk people, especially women. All we did have a couple of young hysterical homophobic males who seem to be reminiscent of part of a crank syndrome. And what can I say about that? You know? But at any rate, we do have a lot of women who are very frustrated and antsy this morning probably because they've been reading about Gary Harton Donner Rice. And you know how people are in Florida. Misery loves company. They don't want anybody to be getting it. They can't. They don't want anybody else to get it either. North Miami Beach, Chello. Hi, Neil. Hi. You have made my mother who is 92 years old blind and we're the hearing aid, but the sharpest sweetest lady in the whole world. I have a wait. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I've made her blind. No, no. She's in blind for 40 years. Oh, I see. Who's supposed to you? She we hear her laughing with you. She agrees with you. She's such a never heard big expression. Do you see? She said oh, he's coming. It was a lot of fun because of everyday we eat it. Your retros. And I think the nicest gift I could give her from other states. She's listening. It's you to wish her happiness. What's your name? Rose. Rose. Happy mother's skin. Rose, prishkin. Yes. As in Pushkin. Pini West. K.I.M. Pushkin. Her whole life is wrapped around you and your show and she loves it. Incredible. She's unbelievable. Someday I hope to get the meter. I love you too. I'm blind 40 years the most lovable end of time at women. You ever want to meet and see a door to you. Great. Thank you for making her happy and I'm sure a lot more. That's nice. Thanks for calling. Bye-bye. Happy mother's day, Rose. And Rose. I'm sure if you have a sense of humor. You know as well as I do what the American mentality is all about. Let's do this just for Rose today. So Vester still owns stars in his most challenging role since Rhinestone. Yo, Maddie, and you came and you came without taking the nail your favorite gift. So on is Madalo. And Barry, first-wamp, part one. You with a disco. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Rex reads says, I love the costumes. Jean Syscalic's claims, four stars. Yo, absolutely. Roger Ebert says, past the popcorn. So Vester still owns as the limp arm of the lock. Barry, first-wamp, part one. You with a disco. And I'm the cue. This dance, yo. And coming this summer. I know you're on a ball of wine. Roger Howard in. I know you're on a ball of wine. Peewees. Last adventure. I know you're on a ball of... That's just for you Rose. It's 1118 at W.I. and Zanyu Rogers with a tilt two. This is the Ernie Sochen warm-up show on W.I. and Z. Let's keep saying those call it as over and over again. 94. I.N. Z. And we do have one open line. If you'd like to join us here this morning. If you'd like to be part of the passing parade of life. In date County, 624-091. 624-091. Let's do our first break this hour because I've already crushed it off. No 1121. 21 past 11. What's the big hand? It's on the... Okay, let's go back to Danyan next to L. L. Yes. This is Mike. Danyan from Mike. From the 20. Mike from Danyan you're under 20? I'm quite an eye. Quite an eye. My friend introduced me to L. A week ago. Yeah. And he had told me that you were a homosexual. Oh yeah. This, sir. Yeah. This, sir. Yeah. Being a man on the sexual abuse, like, here, eight. No. No. Do you? I don't know. You don't know. No. I don't know. No. I'm not gay. No. How about you and your friend? What do you guys do? My friend. Yeah. Oh, you don't have any friends? I thought you just said a friend introduced you to this show. I think he's watching you listen to me. Like he's coming to listen to me. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't have any friends. Okay. Don't. Then who's the friend that listened? Or did you just come upon it? You're stumbled into it yourself. Huh? Come on. Let's be honest. This is the honest show. Yes. You stumbled on the show by yourself. Right. Uh-huh. Right. I caught my attention. I caught your attention. Well, you're not my type. 23 minutes past 11 at WINZ. We have an open line in Broward. 764-0707. I mean, I like people that have an IQ of at least over two. That's a good start. Okay. I mean, let's take a chance. Let's take a risk. Let's make ourselves vulnerable to the audience. Oh boy. Coral-gable. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yep. Is there a call? I called out and they're going to tell him this is it you get it. I don't we don't do messages here, ma'am. No. Well, wait. Now I got some messages. Yeah. Listen. I mean, we're on the ear. Thousands of people listening. They don't want to hear personal messages. They're not personal. Or impersonal messages. Well, this is a... They want to hear somebody come on and say something brilliant. Well. They're not going to hear it on this show. Well, I thought you'd like to know. They got surveillance around Kepan town. Really? Yeah. Who is it, hural the Rivera? No. They got Tom Fiedler. The police ran Kepan town. Not Kepan with the racist guy's name. Kepan. Kepan. Kepan is the same. Kepan is the same. Kepan is the same. Yeah. They got surveillance around his home. And you didn't hear that? No. Yeah. They had done television last night. Well, wait till they get in line for what's going on there. Oh, yeah. I understand that if you subscribe to the Herald now, they give you a miniature yellow trench coating umbrella in binoculars. It has a police troll. It's not that it's going to be the one. Great. Yes. Now, under are we paying for that? Yeah, that's tax pay. It's really shameful. Well, it was on television last night. Incredible. Well, I was on TV. It must be true. Well, listen. I won't taste that now. Please. I don't like it. I don't listen to my bill out there. For that day, I had a total of television. And here is some. Mike Miller's on television now? I don't mean television radio. Yeah, on the toaster. Yeah. He was so, he is so defined. He's terrible. Yeah. You know, he was the worst. All I remember is talk. We as wives was out of town. He was running around with that. He makes Captain Kendall sound like Howard Stern. That's how bad Mike Miller is. He ran around. He was running around with this. In the pain as it was he was. You're as a woman named with it. And he. His wife was out of town. He was running around with her. So he's got a lot of room to talk. He's terrible. Who's he running around with the inner rust? No, it was it. For Michael Jackson. No, it was this. Yep. What's the name of. Some entertainer. There was an issue. He was on his show. He was who Mac. Big brother, Mr. Gale. Whatever name. Big brother, Yaldali, parton. No. Uh, she. Well, that must be the one we got the pictures of in the mail this week. It's a nice doctor of the white. She's never seen somewhere. She's. He's Santa Rom. Some club out here and then I'll be overlock us. He was. And he was. He was. And he was. He was. He was. Manual Ecaza. When she was only a show. I don't know for the name. When they were not successful the white. Uh huh. And when they had to fight. Are you sure? Are you sure they didn't need it to why? Well, that took the fire. He was on the knee. He was down in a restaurant there. And he's got a lot of room to talk about somebody else. He's white by the time. You know, I think he's terrible. Yeah. Well, let's see what Mike Miller has to say in defense. This is for the kid and Danny. He's got a kid and Danny. 26 minutes past 11 and WI and Jidek here was probably went into the adult bookstore with trying to patch all the holes up in the wall. Let's go to Hialia. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. Don't get a chance to talk to you during the week because that's the work. A couple of things I want to catch up on. The other day that they were having this thing on WNWS about switching around. Oh yeah. Another on the programming seminar that was very. I thought I'd be a foundation of strength. Biggest laugh when they said the reason that there's sending that. Alice. Alice over into that time slot is because that's where the heavy weight belongs. Well, I weigh about probably twice as much as he does. Anyway, I don't see anything wrong with cackles. I mean if we didn't have cackles we wouldn't have eggs, right? But the word is that. Well, that's what they said. They said a glimly to nag on a show this morning. He's a good guy. He's a great guy just that that cackles got to go. Well, you know. We're going to muzzle him. We're taking away his first amendment rights. What is it say in the constitution that the way to catch up? The morning was that I have a friend that works at southern Val. Yeah. It works in the listing department and the rumor is that my army herald is putting a new listing in on their in the fund directory. Yeah. It's going to go between the old herald and the and present day. It's the department of nocturnal missions. That's good. Excellent. Neil, give me a favor. Good. Sometimes this morning we'd you play that leprechaun them. Oh yeah, leprechaun them. Okay. As soon as he is. We get a call from an Irishman. We'll get that on for you. I got you. Okay. I'm a good one. Good luck to you sir. Good. 28 minutes past 11 a w i n c. Let's go to north Miami Beach. Hello. Neil, how are you? Good. Neil, I didn't listen to the show the last few weeks. I'm alone time listening to yours and you've been talking a lot about fascism. And before I make any statement, I would just like to know if you do any research yourself into your sponsors. Or are they just given to you and that's it. They're just given to me. Oh, all right. When I used to do live commercials on the air, I would always visit every sponsor and I got Neil with a couple of bad ones. Hey, well, but I don't want we don't talk about the sponsors on a year. I can't do that. No. Oh. Very unethical. It is. Okay. Then I really can't make any comments because I don't want to embarrass you. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Boy, that just kind of leaves your hanging there, doesn't it? Please, you're pondering the situation. 29 past 11. All of a sudden, couple lines in date county opened up. What just happened there? 624-0191. This is the time of year. What do everyone say? We need to get higher this. Stay Colleen. Would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me relax, Michelle. Oh, now that I wouldn't make a touch with you. If you be wet in the clean. I know there's a smart lusse. Please make sure that is wearing the curly green protection of leprechaundoms. Don't be wishing for the floor. I'm sorry for the gift of am. Especially if you're planning on kissing some bloody stones. There's what I have. Being doubling your protection. Would the leprechaundoms this strong enough for a man? But I like him too. So, pick yourself a leprechaundom. And you won't be catching anything else? I must confess. I like that Irish spring soap. But I don't believe that Irish men use it. I don't think the Irish ever bathed. Do they? No. I mean, look at Tipo Neal. See you, good example. He's too busy drinking. He doesn't have time to take a bath. I think he takes a bath in gin. What a terrible thing to say about a great American, right? 1130, W.Y. and G.R.A.R.A. Any old ladies in the audience would like to give Tipo Neal a bath? Let's go to Miami next, hello. Right, Neil? We could hook him up with that gala. We got that picture of. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a funny story for you. I work. We have one of those fancy phones. You can put people on hold and listen to a radio station. The office member says that we have to listen to life. Oh, God. Wait. What are they trying to do? Drain the life out of you? Well, when we put people on hold from all over the world, but what has that that is, we talk to guy who sets up the radio to change it to your station. All right. And the president of our company, he called about three or four days ago and was put on hold. And you were on a roll. I mean, you were calling. Do you start to play the Michael Jackson thing? He fell off his chair. Now, we have to call in every day. And we put him on hold that he listed two years show back home. From where? From Phoenix. Great. He loves her. He's not the only one who can take it. And I'm under 25. Excellent. Boy, we like those living and breathing people, sir. This is the first time calling. And I was at the long day you were out there. Yep. Happy sperm. Please. Let's not get carried away here. A lot of these old ladies are already broken up. Can't enjoy your show. Keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. That's great news. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Listening to us in Phoenix, a privately stealing our material there to write. Didn't rest the way those words just came out. They didn't come out like in proper sequence or something. I think Glen Bing and here cackling had an effect on my speech patterns now. It's 11.32. See, he's so sensitive. That's the thing that I love. Now some woman's going to call up. But our next thing, I have him fired too. And Laurie, poor little Laurie. She left because of Neil. And we all know about Kathy West. Oh, he chases everybody out. See, I could blame for everything. Like yesterday, when it rained like hell, I'm sure that was my fault, too, right? Howl and Dale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, where I've listened to you show now for about eight months. Recently moved into the area. And I've listened to a lot of talks since over the years. You're just getting my attention by far along as to any of them. And it's certainly a credit to the public for the job that you're doing. I know that a lot of the people that I often see during the daytime don't have an opportunity to call and then talk to you because they're on the job. So, you know, that's an expression from the working class that people out here too. It's not that we have the time necessarily or, you know, the convenience that I say to call. But believe me, there are a lot of people that listen to you. And every chance I get us bread the word. Thank you. I can say that on the tip of the iceberg, I'll all, I think you might have a great deal of responsibility in that. I think the American public needs good news. And then this is good news as you turn on the TV or say, pick up the Miami Herald. Wouldn't you say that the course of the ship is determined by the guidance of the captain of the ship? You bet. Okay, that's just mainly my opinion. I want to let you know when you have a nice weekend. Thank you. Thanks a lot. All right. Goodbye. Aby, okay. Here is a tape hot in my hands. This is something totally original. It is on a cassette no less. It's hard to heart. Words music and vocal by my good friend Frank Frank X. See, I can't speak today. Frank X. Lakado. Won't you be my donnerized. Take me off to paradise. This is going to be great. Huh? Thank you. Thanks a million. I'm going to, I'll play it in the next hour. I'll put it on because of the cart during the new newsbreak. Thanks a lot. Tell Frank I said, thank you. That's great. Fantastic. We have the first copy right off the press from Frank Lakado, who did the Iranian-regonomic supply side economics blues. Remember that? That was great. We still have that somewhere. Don't we? Is that up there? I don't want to play it today. But I think it's still up there. Maybe we will play it later on in honor of Frank. If we can find it. But in the meantime, we've got the heart to heart, which I'll put on a cart. Well, put heart to heart right on cart during the new news. And then there's one more that rhymes with that. Put the someone beat me to that. She already said that earlier this morning on Glenn's show. 1135, a W.I.N.Z. Let's go to Pembroke Pine, hello. Hello. Hi. I'm your first call up. And I gave up the Harold. And my girlfriend came in this morning. And she showed me the paper. What do you think of Pat Robertson running from her? President. I wouldn't be great. Well, it's over here. I'm just reading it. It's her copy. It says we cannot have a nation without religious principles. Yeah, right. Isn't it going to fall out? How about making the Pope president? I mean, he's coming here this September. We just have to stick around. Yeah, I don't think they should interfere. They're not supposed to. Yeah. And what do you think about it? Did you have a hearing of him? Bruce Babbit. Well, good luck to him. Nobody else ever heard of him. But to the two of us. Could be rabbit. No, that was Gary Hart who was the rabbit. No, he should stay away from mice. Yeah, okay. Okay. See you later. Well, I'm telling you, these comedians out there, this sprouting up like a disease in a laboratory. You know, like in our kitchen in the W.Y. and Z. cafeteria, 24 minutes before 12 at wins. We have an open line in Broward, 7607707. I want you to call everybody, you know, and if you don't know anybody like that young guy from Daniel who, who had the sword in his hand, that young guy, auto just pick up the telephone book and start like, you know, like under AAA towing and start from A to Z call everybody in town and tell him to turn on W.Y. and Z. And you know if it's from Franklin, it's got to be great because he's a for real musician. You're not one of these fakers who comes along, you know, and pretend like Mike Miller, you're a jid, no, I mean, that was about his funny, his terminal cancer. You know, Mike, that was pathetic, but this is going to be great. The gym Gilmour's 40 at W.Y. and Z. and Y. Rogers here are an associate will be along from to the seven mics. Ben Dell tomorrow morning follows Ira Everett at 10 and then, of course, tomorrow afternoon, it's Marshall Moore to help all those slippers in our audience rub a couple of coins together and try to make a million, right? Okay, let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, Neil. I think that the F.C. see, you know, ruling is probably about the most dangerous thing that I've heard over your show in the last couple months. And I was having a problem with deciding how the newspapers and radio stations were going to cover the co-fighter rest last week and with the Southwest man. Yeah. It was very touching. Go there for a minute. I was wondering whether you could do a simulated play by playing a co-fight for no way sir. No way. No way Jose. No way. I was also wondering whether if you would have come out supporting my mehirl together, and then I would have come out and probably. And I have a restaurant for you with Sprower, apparently you're looking for one. The word the word is desperate. I think is the word you're searching for. There's a real life new restaurant called Lauderdale. It's a part full of birds. Are there open now? They must have just opened. They must have just opened. And I like messy grilled fish and other things like that. And a nice setting and not the. That's right. That's right. Over by Mr. Lee's. I'm not in reasonable prices. And I found it to be nice. Okay. And I'll exactly where it is. I'll give it a try. And the one more thing. And I'm just wondering whether people are more concerned in this country, whether the president's stealing $10 million or Mr. Hurt has his pants off. Hey, it's not even a contest. They don't give it down. The president can lie. Our money can disappear. Nobody gives it to him about anything. We can do business with terrorists. We can give them the money that they can plot the blow up the marines. We can do any damn thing we want. But God forbid in this ridiculous juvenile society today that some guy gets caught with his pants down. And that's it. This president has taken our tax dollars, which we paid for military hardware, whether it's in the case or that or not. It's another question. But he's taking his military hardware that I paid for. And he's sold it to a ran. He's taking money from that sale out of trust out of escrow. And he's given it to these people in South America who are doing things to most of the people in this country don't care. Not only that, but 10 million of it disappeared. We don't even know where that is. Well, that's an apocalypse of this friend. That's the Republican predo. Yeah. And then, of course, we find out that the Ali North was diverting a lot of those funds in order to help partisan political campaigns for the right wingers here in this country, which again is patty illegal. But nobody seems to care about that. I'm going to friendly a slide about this. And he's saying he brings up Lyndon Johnson as somebody who was a great politician. Wheeler D. Lawrence, there's one difference between these turkeys and Nixon types and Lyndon Johnson. He may have twisted every arm in Congress to get the money legally to support the country. But he would never, he would have done it legally. He would have done it within the system. He would have done it with law rolling. He would have done it with politics. I don't agree with you. Lyndon Johnson was a crook. Now Lyndon Johnson was a crook he got elected for his time to Congress by stuffing the ballot box in Texas. Did you know that? I know. There's like a Dick Daily syndrome that had dead people voting several times. He was still more of an in the system called these people don't care about the system. Yeah. They just want to steal a money. Well, you know, the right as I said the other day, the people on the right realize they're losing their grip in a year and a half and slipping away, their losing their total credibility. And they haven't got a chance in hell of winning the election next year. And so now they're desperate. And this is just part one of dirty tricks. Part two. That's all to think with Gary Hart's just the beginning. I wish the Democrats would come up with somebody. What's the fellow's name who was the senator from New Jersey? The number basketball. Bill Bradley. Bill Bradley. Number in room. I think he'd be a terrific candidate. Not too smart for the American public. He'd be another adolescent. Even said I think the answer is still as Mario Cuomo. I think they're going to drag him out of the closet because, you know, you look at the rest. I like Joe Biden. I think he's a good guy, but nobody knows who the hell he is. I think Bradley would have the charisma and the brains and could do it. And with the honest, I think he'd be a terrific candidate. But I've never heard his name mention it. Well, why not? We've already got one president who dribbles. So let's get another one. Got it. Okay. See you later. 16 before noon. I, we're going to say, you know, we need to president with balls and Bill Bradley would fit that category. That would be something, right? I mean, why not? That's, that's getting to be the nature of the whole campaign in America today. And we can't seem to make up our minds what we want. We want a macho president. We want a guy who's viral. But who just, I guess, talks about it a lot. Never does it. North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, I'm maybe, hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening to this conversation at all. And this is what I want to talk about. You know, we have, like you say, the people are more on this stupid. They want to worry about hot, about the pavement or to me that's all garbage. Yeah. It is. So I'm not, they worry so much about what's going to happen. Matter of whom disagree. They're going to give them another year to run more. I say, one thing that's the people get up there and get them designed for get them in peace. This is what we have to do. I'm going to worry so much about hot. Let's get everybody out here. Walk for plucity. Get that goddamn president, the hell out of there. We don't need that bump. Okay. Okay. I guess everything doesn't like the president. It's 11. 11.45. At WINZ. And we have an open line in date. 624.01.01. I mean, it's pathetic. Get out of the American people. Or just to turn yellow brain. I've been telling you about it for years now and you watch it. And all of a sudden we went into this quick swan dive. It seems the last year or two. And like the national inquire has just taken over the whole ball game. I mean, there's no such thing as legitimate journalism anymore. And even the Washington Post and the New York Times are defending. This growth test, smear, on a part of the hill where they just slap a bunch of In you went to one of front page and headlines. And they ruined people's careers and they ruined their lives. And hey, you know, that's a great journalism. Great investigative reporting. Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm calling up so far campaign today. I went by to drop a contribution author. I have 26 signatures so far. And there's so many in the game. So I guess I'll mail them into you on Monday. Okay. Yeah, we can't. We just can't do it on a weekend. Okay. I've got some of my license recently for the first time today. I want to know if maybe give me a favor and pray my life off town or the banana for. My wife left out with the banana wise. Your wife been waiting a banana at you today. I don't know. Or she got, if you just don't have the appeal, let's you use to have. I'll find out. Okay. Have a nice weekend. Thanks for your help. Okay. My wife left town with a banana. Come on. My wife left town with a banana. I'll find out. I'll find out. Look at her. Loves the rotten deal. Found that your devil, hiding in her purse. He's calling me hard. But he's got a few. I hope it never happens to you. Some free breaks you're married into. My wife left town with a banana. Your baby's sit by the way. I'm a jealous man, she found a six inch Latin lover, now she does the thing. I'm a little bit scared, but I'm a little bit scared. Twelve minutes before noon at W-I-N-Z we do have a couple of open lines now, I guess they all got their bananas out. And date county, six two four, oh one nine one and there's an open line in Broward if you move quickly now, seven six four, let's psych them out, seven six four, oh seven oh seven. Stock driver moves presents the olive. And it's before noon, I was thinking that since heart to heart is a name of the song we're going to play. Maybe we could get Robert Wagner to one for president, but then they'd have to find out what happened to his ex-wife. I was her name, they wanted to die on the boat. Remember that Natalie Wood wasn't it? Yeah, they'd have to do a big investigation into that. I'm a half Miami, hello. Yeah. Hi. How are you doing now? Okay. It's the lady that caught up with two things, a couple weeks going on to bullshit with you. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? I'm fine. I'm just a couple weeks. It's just unbelievable. I know. Listen, I have a couple of points, I have a couple things I wanted to talk over with you. Did you know that now, of course, you know that just Jackson is now waiting in the different place. What is that, tell you? I know, that's just what I was going to ask. And he's only got 3%. Please. Yeah. And I was listening to that he shows yesterday. And the afternoon, and she said, how she thought that this would work in reverse for heart, you know, it would make him more popular in it. Oh yeah, right. Yeah. She said she had such brilliant, you know, original idea. I had only thought about that about kind of club, but you know, that same morning. And listen, what about this guy? I have the article on the panel that I've been by occasionally. So, about this guy, Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who gave this Sultan character the wrong account number. Yeah, for the 10 million now. Why was this six instead of seven or six? You know, when it's only 10 million you're mucking a while with you, not going to be real careful. Here's your question. If him here analysis, I'd like to see a kind of drug. Yeah, saliva test. You know, that sort of strange act. That's unusual. Yeah, well he may have had a little piece of William Casey's brain, and he said when he did that, because they've spread it around. I guess so. Also, what else? I have a few names for, what we call our politics, politics, the Reagan, Reagan Honours. Reagan addicts and Reagan addicts. How are those choices? They said, okay. Great. Yeah. Okay, listen, I'll go. You're Reagan together with, uh, with Elron Hubbard with dionetics and Reaganetics. Exactly. Okay, I'll get somebody. I'll have to take care of somebody who I'm calling you for work. So, uh, okay. And you have a good day. Keep it up. Okay, you too. All right, call you again. Bye-bye. I know. Six minutes before noon at W.Y. and Z. Elron Hubbard, of course, gave new meaning to the word of the genetics. Literally. I still can't believe that there are radio and TV stations that run that crap, you know, the cell at book and pedal the cassette tapes and do it. I mean, you talk about desperate. You talk about total lack of conscience. And maybe we can run Elron Hubbard. I mean, we've already got one dead guy in a White House, popped up in the chair. We'll just stop him. Miami, hello. Terrific. There he goes. Was that good or what? Is that incredible? I mean, that was excellent. Five minutes before 12, W.Y. and Z. I mean, that was so great that I'm just well-mbed. I don't even know what to say. That sounded exactly like Dick K.Pen. Pompano, hello. Hello. Yes. That voice did sound familiar. Everybody in that was rather enough to call. Well, it didn't get on the air, man. Don't panic. It didn't get on the air. I'm just like, um, what I was going to say, I think, Gary Hunt actually is more to be admired than criticized. Because how many of the past presidents who they haven't mentioned were also having the past while they were in office? Yeah, well, we've already been through that. I mean, there's so many that we can't even keep track of them. And nobody cared then, and nobody should care now. No, I really admire him backing out. So the speak. Thank you so much. Okay. Have a nice day. You too have a great one. And a very happy mother's day to all the mothers in the WI and Z listing audience, including the one who called just before that nice lady. For he was incredible. The Miami hero says, blank you. I mean, that was good. That was right to the point. One thing I like is colors who really get right to it. Don't be around the bush and waste a lot of time. Or is they doing the hero? Don't be around in the bushes. Boy, I don't know what it is this morning. It's another one of those wild Saturdays. What the hell did Glenn hell do to these people this morning? This because he was talking about beer early in a morning. Got half the audience on the saw. I mean, that's no excuse. They have really been just not, and the interesting part of it is I haven't done anything here. I mean, there has been, this has been a very mild show today. And I'll forget next Saturday. Our entire four-hour show. We're going to have a cast of thousands here, Bill Tanner. And Greg Boudell, Chi Michael McKay, Jeff Gonser and Jeff Chase from our own FM. Irene Richard from Gloves, 94. And we're going to be doing the whole show for our so far campaign. We're going to try to get as much of the media here. And that's really going to be the big post that'll be the day after our ad comes out in USA today next Friday with a coupon. And of course, the one nice thing about USA today, in addition to all the nice bright colors, the blinding colors, is the fact that they don't publish on the weekend, so the Friday edition stays in the coin boxes all week and long three days. So we can certainly pump all over South Florida, at least, for people to go out and pick up the USA today and put that coupon in the course it'll reach all over the country. So we're going to finally get on the map with so far next Friday. But don't forget now, we need more of your contributions. We really do these next few days. This weekend is the time if you're going to spring loose with five or ten or fifty or hundred bucks do it now, please. Because we really need to cover the expense of this forty seven hundred dollar ad, make the checks or money or design to so far, SOFAR, and mail them to so far, PO box twenty two fourteen. My any Florida three three, oh five five, I mean it's only the first amendment, you know it's only freedom of speech that we're trying to defend little minor things like that, and nip all of the fascism in the bud. So far, PO box twenty two fourteen. My any. And the zip code is three three, oh five five. Okay, and again, Arlene Ross's back, for more punishment with the headlines, world news from CBS had known, and then when we come back in the new hour, we have a WINZ exclusive, not only will we be hearing from the magnificent seven at the diplomat mall in the next hour, but we're going to have hard to heart by Frank Exleccanto. I mean, it's going to be so good that it's going to make care grow in places you wouldn't believe. If you think following new Rogers is a tough act to end tough, taffy McCallum, she follows Neil, week day two to four on WINZ, my any forlaterdale. Nice. So this isn't going to be one of those silly comedy cuts that a lot of you would have been expecting, right? I'm sure there'll be plenty of those that are coming out, including some that the sum of us have already heard, which on a scale of zero were minus infinity, but this is an honest goodness for real. This could be climbing the country charts by the end of the week. You'd be my dawn of rice, take me off to paradise, I'm willing to pay the price for love and you. You and me have been times that the free between the lines, gossip horses, fishes, mines won't give me from you. It's easy to say we shouldn't be here in this place. There's rules that govern everything to do. I shouldn't know better, but you're such a pretty face, and I just can't get enough of you. Don't be my dawn of rice, take me off to paradise, I'm willing to pay the price for love and you. You and me have been times that the free between the lines, gossip horses, fishes, mines won't give me from you. Yes, I'll be your daughter, rice, and I'll be there in the pain of the price. It'll be like paradise, loving you. I can't go play the game, we're losing some shame, take glory and the pain just keep me loving you. Yes, I'll be your daughter, rice, and I'll be there in the pain of the price. It'll be like paradise, loving you. Aren't you hard to play the game, we're losing some shame, take glory and the pain just keep me loving you. Yes, I'll be your daughter, rice, and I'll be there in the pain of the price. It'll be like paradise, loving you. Aren't you hard to play the game, we're losing some shame. Unbelievable. When you say this, you look 10 about a 9, pretty good. That's going to hit the country charts, trust me. Those people up in Nashville, those shirt kickers, they're going to love that. Frank Exleccano and hard to heart. Okay, well listen, let's say we've got a celebrity call or build tanner. It's on the line, probably a swimming after hearing that. How you doing, Bill? I'm fine, Neil. I think that song will be great on country radio, but they'll never be able to pronounce the guy's name. I know, I can't say it on the ear anymore. Reason I'm calling is I had an opportunity to get such an opportunity. The other day, two, I went and I guess they talked to a group of North-State judges and attorneys about the subcentity issue on the radio, which most of them, by the way, are very opposed to the FCC's presence stand on it. In one of the trade press, things that comes out at today, radio and records, the new addition, McKinney has elaborated just as he did on your show on some of what he intends to do regarding this. I thought you might be interested. Yeah. This is, and I'm quoting, I will caution you that the first actions we took here, in fact, were only warnings because we thought they might not be an understanding out there to what we intend. The next actions may well not be warnings. The next actions could be forefatures first off ends, or revocation if it's severe enough. There's nothing that requires us to give you a warning before we take a harsh action. Normally, we'll not use a sledgehammer if a tack hammer will do, but I don't want you to think that everybody has one free pass, not so. Also, don't forget the fact that a warning in your file at renewal time can be extremely damaging. He was talking to the National Public Radio Conference last Thursday. Isn't that great? He says, just because in decent words, or within the lyrics of a song, does not make it a song that is acceptable. The song can still be in decent. It can be within Chikoski. Oh, beautiful. But it's still in decent. Isn't that great? And he says, one more thing. Certainly, the actions of the commission have chilled speech he admitted, but it does not alter the situation. The commission is very much aware that it's walking in extremely tight rope. Well, now, how isn't that? Isn't that incredible? I mean, talk about this stern warning, the great intimidator, you know, this guy must be running around their feeling so much, you know, about the actual situation. But the actual situation is that the people who are not going to get the opportunity to be in the car, that they don't even know what the rules are. Unbelievable. Well, that's the latest. And that's why, function get out there and sign those petitions. We talked to him yesterday in the North A group said, Ernie Sochin, and I was saying, hey, there's something you can do about it. And the interesting part is, the majority of the judges and attorneys were there fully understood the the decimal implications of this whole thing, much more than the average person listening me. Yeah. Well, I hope those judges and those attorneys who've got all that door going to put their money where their mouth is and send us an check this weekend. And that's the truth. You bet. All right. Just thought they touched you. Learn about that. Okay. Thanks. See you next Saturday. I'll report to it. Bye. Is an accurate. So Jim McKinney, the radio terrorizer not running around with these warning. You just as he did with me a few Fridays ago when we had him on the air. You know, I'm more not only are we warning how it's still rewarding you to the you to the you know we're warning everybody. The only problem is we don't even know what the hell they're warning us. You know, they're just warning. We got to get that guy who's to those promos warning. From the FCC, well, they're not. Say just gone off the deep end. Let me give the address again. If you want to help out. And if you want to send your name in address in or also hopefully send us a check for that major newspaper ran in USA today next Friday. So far, that's safe our first amendment rights. Peel box 2214. Miami 33055. We have one open line in date County. If you want to join us this afternoon, 624-091. Let's go to Hollywood. Hi. Hi. I'm calling because you said we don't hear. I can't. I can't real real real real much about what's going on. In the world around us today. And in reference to Gary Hart, I don't like him as a person. I would have never voted to him whether he, whether he, no matter what he had done. I don't like what the media has done to him. I think it's very unfair. But it raises a question. He welcomed this problem. I think that he possibly did it to maybe draw attention away from himself. And he got caught by the hand that he is no better or no worse than all the rest of them. They're all slime suckers. They're all doing it. It's just a matter of, well wait a minute. What do you mean they're all slime suckers? What is all the post? They're all disgusting. They're all disgusting. Is that what you're saying? They're all politicians or lawyers and thieves. That's what I see. I don't even, I don't even consult me yet because I find it such an inequitist system that it's basically just one person's opinion. And I don't even consider it to be truthful to such a time. And that's all inclusive. Television. With the exception of possible radio. And especially the newspapers. And now I find it especially upsetting because I'm being forced to read the Miami Hill. I recently enrolled back in school and one of our professors is making us cut out the sign page every morning and could take it. Oh that's great. I know. I have to say to the paper if I want to pass the court. And I got into a big heat argument yesterday. I was attacked by a bunch of salming, yep, puppies when I, when I suggested that possibly. Gary Hart was showing his tumor fiber. And what is wrong with wanting to have high ideals and high standards? Well, first of all, high ideals and high standards has got nothing to do with what people are doing in their bedrooms. It is anybody's business. And this is, well, as well has been pointed out, I don't think, wait a minute. I don't think there's anybody in America today who's going to think any less historically of Thomas Jefferson because of his personal life or any less of Dwight Eisenhower or FDR. These are things that have been going on since the beginning of this country. And people have been adult enough to understand that it's really nobody else's business who people are sleeping with. As long as they're not hurting anybody, you know, again, we've got all of these pressing problems in the world. Nobody cares about poverty and nobody cares about nuclear weapons and nobody cares about disease. And nobody cares about the things that really count, but we have to have this higher moral standard making sure that everybody's keeping their zippers. If, I mean, what are we really talking about? Nothing to do with sexuality. You're missing the point. First of all, I don't care what he does with his sex life. That is his private business. Okay? It has nothing to do with anything. What he does is truly his own personal business. The thing is, is that this is, and I sort of a look into his character. And I try to show this to my professor. It's not a look into his character at all. I can tell to the psychologist. And I asked him, I called him up and I explained him. I wanted an opinion. I didn't want to feel that, you know, maybe I'm wrong. But he said, if a person flies, he's going to like it. Okay? But it's a point. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. He was asked at a press conference. Ma'am, can I say something to you? He was asked a couple of nights ago, a disgusting question in New Hampshire at a press conference. Have you ever committed adultery? And he refused to answer the question. Now he could have said no. He could have lied, but he didn't. He said, it's not an appropriate question. I'm not going to answer it. It's not appropriate question. Yeah. And neither was any of this other thing. The hell running around like a bunch of voyeurs is not appropriate. And I don't think that people's sex lives necessarily show anything about their character. I grant you, we changed his name, and I grant you, he owed all of this money from his last campaign. And I never like Gary Hart in the first place. I think he's a superficial nothing. But that's not the point. Gary Hart isn't the issue. The issue is whether the people in the press have the right to go spying on people and each dropping and snooping around, you know, sticking their noses into their private lives and then smearing in you end to all over the front page. That woman could, you know, it's unlikely, but she could have gone out the back door while they weren't there. They don't even know. I didn't any time. I didn't know what went on inside that townhouse. Yeah. I agree with you. I agree with you. The point I'm trying to make is that he had an opportunity with a not first 24 hour period to rectify himself. And he did. Oh, there was no way to rectify himself. I mean, they refused to wait to print the story. He asked them to wait, and they were in a big hurry because they, you don't understand the way of the media works through you. In other words, they got to get to jump. They have to get to jump on everybody else. And most of the responsible people in journalism now are, that's their main criticism. Why did they have to, we're in such a big hurry. Why couldn't they get all their facts together? You know, before they had to go and splice this all over the front page. It always was a good idea. Well, but that doesn't make it right. Oh, it is not right. It is not right. But you know, I think people need to understand that if you are going to be in the public eye, this is all part of it. It's not right. It's not right. Well, so in other words, don't get hurt. I'm just saying it makes me very doubtful about this interview. It was character. Well, but then, I don't know what you're screaming about. I don't debate about him now. No, I don't want to find out who he's sitting with. Okay, Adios have a nice day, but you're screaming, getting hysterical. And the bottom line is I don't think she likes men to begin with. Because all these politicians are the raw slime balls. And you know, you could pick that up in a conversation. They're all liars. They're all disgusting. And I think basically, she's got a certain problem there. But I'll call a psychiatrist to find out. Right? Right, Arlene? We don't all men are slime balls, right? No? Okay. Ron Harrison who is definitely not a slime ball. Well, in a WINZ, we have two open lines. Both in Dade County, 624-091. 624-091. What caused to those lines dovin' up was it the song or Ron Harrison? Only kidding, Ron. No, kid, panic, you know. Boca, hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. I've been listening to you for quite a few days when I run going to chance. And I do like your program. I want to say you've been blaming the media for this heart thing. And I wonder if it doesn't go deeper than that. One of the whole country is sick and away. Because if the people weren't that interested in it, it had an on my way to me. Wait a minute, you're wrong, sir. That's what I've said. I said the media is giving the public exactly what they want. That's why the inquire or sell 17 million copies every week. Because the people of this country, most of them are morons. And they're only interested in a lot of nonsense and a lot of bedroom talk and a lot of gutter speculation. That's all they care about. And they're too stupid to really understand what the issues are much less be concerned with them. What gets me is that this has just seemed to have pushed a lot of the investigations into this counter thing right off the front page. Exactly, and not by accident, either. Not by accident. And I travel in Central America a lot. And I'm a tall that this war in the Karagwa. I don't know whether you had an opportunity to see that television special. I think it was a week or two ago and it was entitled the war in the Karagwa. That was enough to make it cry. I mean, I think that this business against the Communist in the Karagwa reminds me of a Catholic fighting the Protestants and the Middle Ages. Yeah. You know, labor would die communist and that gives you the right to kill them. Well, the problem is nobody cares. We just had an American civilian who died down there last week. Nobody cares. Everybody's forgotten about the hostages. Nobody remembers that they're there anymore. In fact, nobody even remembers Terry Wait. If you recall, there was a period of time when every day on CNN and all the newscast. We were hearing about the Anglican envoy Terry Waitin and negotiations to free the hostages. Not only don't we know where they are. He is. We don't even care anymore. Yeah, well, that's typical. I mean, things are on the front page for a little while and then there's a tear. I've written to Michael who, as you know, voted for the contrary. I presume because he has a lot of Cubans who vote for him and they're very right wing. And you know, try to explain. Well, wait a minute. Let me ask you why would Dan Micah have a lot of Cubans in his constituency. Dan Micah is from his district is mostly in Palm Beach County and a little bit of Broward. Well, I can't. I mean, that's the only reason I can possibly give for a Democrat going along with this war. I mean, can you think of another reason? No. You know, I mean, I can't, but that's not the reason. But I can't be of a legitimate reason. What they're doing is in essence, they're killing innocent women and children. But you're forgetting the timing to and you're forgetting the intimidation factor with Pat Buchanan and all the other prisoners who were saying that anybody who voted against A to the Congress was a commissar sympathizer and was eating and abetting the communists. Do you remember all that? Right. Sure. And doesn't that make you think of the war between the Catholics and the Protestants? Well, you know, so the point is, though, you're, you're, you're beating a dead horse because the American public doesn't give a damn about that. And they don't care about the fact that we have millions of homeless starving people right here in this country. And that we have an epidemic of age and that we have massive ignorance and nobody cares about the things that they ought to care about. And I can't sit here in force feed this audience and nobody anywhere can sit in force feed. And because the people in the media primarily we are prostitutes, we're in business to make a profit, we are going to give the public whatever we know will sell. Okay? So what's sell is right now then? What's sell is foolishness and, and, uh, in you window and sex, sex is what sells in this country, sir. And do you see any change coming along? Yeah, I see getting a lot worse before it gets any better. Everything's on sale this week at subliminal. Yes, subliminals is your place for value. All men's clothing is half off. Sure, yes. Sousers, briefs, Mike John's 10%, 20%, even 30%. Only the finest quality. Whatever you want, whatever you need, we've got subliminal. The only the vibrancyor that really turns you on, but you'll never know. That's America, folks. Sign America as they say in China. That's it right there. We pedal everything with sex, who are obsessed with sex. I think most people in this country just aren't getting enough. That's the problem. Or else maybe because of the AIDS epidemic, we're so they impetrified it doing it now. All we want to do is read about it and see it, but I don't think so. Because this has been going on for a long time. And it's not only America, the British are even worse. I mean, a British are just obsessed. Remember all that business about Prince Andrew? And how about Prince Charlie? He and Prince Andrew together. And who's the other one, Prince Princess Edward? We can't even keep track of all of them. Paul, the British Queens. It's unbelievable, just incredible. What this world has degenerationed into, and I do mean degenerationed. It's insane. Anybody who could get excited about Gary Hart having sex with anybody. First of all, has got a really big desperate. Like Tom Fieler and Jim McGee. You see Jim McGee? I mean, that guy is like a walking pimple. Really, he's got so much acne. If he squeezed his head, it would just disappear. I just have shoulders there. There'd be nothing left. Just got a giant zitt on the top of his neck. It's an enormous black head. I shouldn't say that. Taffees over them all should get all upset. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 764-0707. 764-07. You talk about narrow fiddling while Rome is burning. That's what this whole country is up to right now. And the media can yank you people around by the nose. It's unbelievable. Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. You know, I haven't heard anybody mention anything about Gary Hart's wife. I personally don't care about Gary Hart, whether he did, whether he didn't, whether it's right, whether it's wrong. What about his children? Wait a minute, I want to get to that. I sat here the other night when she made her first appearance in her speech. Whether she was lying or not, didn't make any difference to me. I just sat here and I said, you know, God, I expect this lady. You were talking about both before now this lady has some. Yeah, which is pretty interesting. Not only what she has gone through, but my god, me or what is this woman going to go through in the future. Every day they're bringing that some little new things. I don't care. You've got to die. Meating the bones. Well, they're not satisfied with that. I mean, you're not. I'm not going for the kitchen. I'm going for the kitchen. Right now. Thanks for calling. See, the herald doesn't care. And most of the people in the print media don't care. And that's why I keep going back to that ridiculous herald editorial about the FCC ruling. And our Tanner calls and tells us that Jim McKinney's running around, you know, playing Mr. Machu and threatening everybody. And if we put a warning in your file, you're in big trouble. And the first warning could be the last way and on all this other garbage. The great intimidator up there now. But see, unfortunately, the press, the print media, they have nobody. They have to answer to. They can do any damn thing they want. Unbelievable. So it's very easy for the herald to say, oh, yes, we support this. And this is great. And let's get the smart author radio and all the sexual in you window. And let's help to determine the guidelines for good taste. And then they smear the front page day after day after day after day with nothing but sexual in you window. That's what the whole thing has been as been in you window. And you know, they're destroying the guy's political career, which he has to take a lot of the blame for. But as this lady points out destroying his family, destroying it, every everybody around him. But don't confuse the people at the herald with that. And I again, for the umpteenth time, mentioned at episode about 10 years ago when they put that horrible story in the local section in the date section of the herald exposing all of those johns that were rounded up on this king Boulevard with the decoy prostitutes. With their names and their addresses, we had one was assistant principal and one was a bankfice president. And it was just pathetic. Just pathetic. And to talk to the wife of one of those guys on the phone is I did that afternoon and listen to her crying on the phone wondering if her husband would ever show up again. And then of course some of you wonderful compassionate people in the audience would say, Oh, well, you know, it's his own fault if he didn't do it. He wouldn't have gotten caught. You know, again, these terrible crimes of humanity. Somebody who's, you know, whatever this we don't even know what the circumstances are. Somebody wants to go out and get laid right away. Everybody's going to have an nervous breakdown. Although, of course, everybody at the same time wants to read about it and get all the details. You know, how can it be so bad if everybody wants to know the details? That's the thing that I don't understand. Why does everybody buy the inquire and the tatler in the star and read about how all these movie stars are sleeping with everybody, you know, allegedly from one week to the next with a different bedmate. And if it's so terrible and so gross, test and so disgusting, what the hell do we want to read about it for? And the reason is the reason most people want to read about it is because it's a tremendous turn on to them. They're getting vicarious thrills from reading about what other people are doing. Unbelievable. Twenty-seven before one at WINC. There's an open line in date. I can't believe it. Six, two, four, or one, nine, one. And let's go to Kendall. Hello. Hello, how you doing? Okay. I got a new diet for you. The new heart diet. You eat rice three times a day. Yeah, we've heard that, sir. Okay. Thank you. Work fried rice, very old. Highly a hello. Oh, on the old? Yeah. Listen, you know, I agree with everything. I canceled my subscription to the herald. But not so much for the heart, but that thing about the prostitutes and the jans. I mean, the presidential thing, that's debatable. Maybe maybe they should maybe they shouldn't. But why don't they leave regular people alone? Yeah. Okay, sir. Regular people. How about irregular people? People who have a BM once every six weeks. Do they leave them alone? Or should we put the a tidy bowl police at the bottom of the bowl? Little miniature Tom Fidler and a yellow raincoat with scuba gear on at the bottom of the bowl. Well, I'm looking up now. I got my little bonak here. There's nothing coming out. Oh, surprise Tom, surprise. 26 before one at WINC. We have an open line again in date county. Or is it two of them? I don't know. Date is just, they're going into a coma, but that's been nothing new. Nobody who speaks English left and date anyway. When is third days? 624-01-91 is our number and date. Let's do another row. Wait a minute. We got to keep going back every break today. In other words, we got to do the break when they're ready. I'll screw them. You know what I'm saying? We don't do it that way, on this show. In other words, if they're not on the line, well, let's do the other part of the break. And if they're ready when we come back, find if not the audio's. Okay, it's 1236-WINC. Do I have somebody from the diplomat mall on line here or not? We have Ernie on a line. He finally got out from that pile of women. We only used them. I had the pile of women when everyone asked who I was. I said, I am Neil Rogers and you should have seen the mob. Everybody wanted to take a picture with Neil Rogers. So it is out to you to see all the people down here. It's absolutely incredible. Young, private, spacious, beautiful people with pretty clothes and everyone holding a flower. So come on on down to the diplomat mall. Have your picture taken, tapping the cow. We'll be here soon. Find Harrison saying it around. We're having a great time. Come on, buy and say hello. Okay, thanks a lot Ernie. 23B41, at WINZ. Let's take out the call now. Let's take a call from cool springs. Okay. How you doing? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I enjoyed the Donna Rice song, you know, it's a little good. Yeah, it was pretty good. You got it in bias? Could you play that again for me? And I have to play the Vatican right here. Wait a minute, is this the request line? That's incredible. Huh? You want two of them? Two for the price of none. You're going to do that for me? Am I going to do what for you? You got to play that number? How about if we play the Vatican right first? Would that be okay? Okay, that's fine. Thank you. Thank you so much for your call. Thank you. Have a wonderful weekend. You're gonna have a great life. First you get down on your knees. Fit all with your rosaries. Oh, you're ahead. We have great respect. And then you flex, take me flexing your flexing. Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the Montem, Everybody say his own career. Layers on doing the Vatican right. Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional. There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is, try playing it safer. Drink the wine and chew the wafer. Two for the sages. Time to transfer some snatches. So get down upon your knees. Fit all with your rosaries. Go ahead with great respect. Take your flexing, take me flexing. Take a cross on your abdomen. When in Rome to like a ramen. Our Bhameria. She's good to see you. Can't stand against our drumming. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna ride. Okay, now, do you think that that would be definitely offensive to a reasonable person? Like, say, Montenir, boy and wall. I don't know if we should play hard to hard again right now. If we should save that. Now, save it for later in the hour. Because we don't want to overdo a good thing. We have an open line in each county now. Can't imagine why. Because we've just been devastating the set when we've been devastated by the soft-boiled audience this morning. In day 624-091. And in Broward 764-0707. North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes. Yes, you know. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm a driver from Fort Myers. I work for her. And I drive up here 2-3 times a week and I've been listening to your program since the first of the years. Yeah, well, just to remember, sir, it only hurts for a little while. I know it does. But I'm sure glad to see you take your stand on this heart and neck at O'Fare. I'll tell you that. I'm gonna try to get our disc jackie back there to get on the ball about them. And I just wanted to tell you that appreciate your program and every time I come up here 2-3 times a week I'll listen to you. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, sir. You take care now. Yes, sir. Bye-bye. 16-4-1-1-1-1-1-1-Lotter-Day-Lake, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. First time call it. I'm gonna be 70 years old, pretty soon. But the reason I enjoy your show and can and can symbolize with you the philosophy that you have spouse is that I think I have a sense of humor. And if the people that do listen, but only let that sense of humor that they were born with come to the fore. Yeah. They would understand some of what you're trying to say. I agree hardly with you that the average citizen is stupid and at the sec and his own worst enemy. Otherwise everybody would be behind you and try to help you stop the SEC on their attempt to abrid your rights. Yeah. Well, it's probably most people in American only deal in personalities. They can't understand issues because they're too stupid. So they think everything's a personality contest. So there are a lot of people. Well, we'll get even with him. We'll show him a thing or two. And all of this other foolishness and on the mean time, it's their rights that are slowly but surely being taken away from them. They're giving their rights away by not. Yeah. Taking a stand and doing what you're doing. I did a year ago when I was successful. I'm because he idiots there I was opposing. Thought I was stronger than I was. The people themselves are very strong. It's their only takes a mic and they're dumb. Yeah. They're psychological whims. It's 14 before one at wins. We have an open line in each county. What are we going to do? Do this till two o'clock again? Getting real nervous about the rest of this show today. Yeah. Getting real nervous. They're all on their way to Gulfstream. In day 624-091. 624. We're going too fast. Oh, I'm sorry. 624. Oi. 191. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Am I on? Yes. I am. Yeah. All right. You sound so tired. It's the first time, Claude. Okay. I'll take a little nap. You when you were on night. Yes. And my radio goes for you every morning. This is not much no. What about all those actresses that I have in babies but give you deep heart? Yeah. No father. What about Nancy Davis who was pregnant four months before she got married to Ronnie? More than that. Right. I heard about that. But I didn't notice the Harold splashing that all over the front of the playground. Oh, no. They can't do that. And what's the matter with that actress? I can't think of her name off. And there's little swim back. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's going to. He's pairing Angie Dickinson's baby. Three different men and they put out a movie and they coin money. People killed themselves in line to watch them. We sure are going to hell. Isn't it incredible? It is. I mean, you're what about your hypocrites. Here, the FCC is worried about a few words on a radio and you turn on television and everybody's in the sack on dynasty and not slanting and that every one of those shows the cold bees falcon crest. Dallas. That's all America. Every soap opera. And then, America wants to see as a bunch of young people, uh, frolicking around and bed with each other and in a meantime, you know, we're such hypocrites and Gary Hart gets caught with his pants down. Let's destroy his whole family and smear it all over the front of the newspaper. And they do nothing about it. And you do nothing about it. Well, you know, all we can do is cancel our subscription. That's what I did. And that's what a lot of other people did. Oh, they're. Fire real. Real make believe newspaper like the New York Times. What a disaster. First day I get it. Whole front page. Gary Hart. And then the lead editorial again in the Times today under the moral microscope and they went out again. Went out again. Just like I told you when Reverend Moon got nailed by the IRS, all of those religious spakers who have been condemning him as a cultist. All of a sudden they all fell in love with him. All came to Washington to testify and defensive him because they were all petrified that they were going to be next. And so you know how they all close ranks boy when one of their own is under fire like the Harold is now. All of these brilliant journalists, the Washington Post and the New York Times and all these other fakers. Oh, yes, this is great journalism in part of our responsibility in the public's right to know. The public's right to know all the smut that we can tell him. That's a bottom line. All the in you window, all the smear tactics that we can come up with. Let's have a front page article about Reagan's son on the Harold tomorrow. How's that on the ballet dancer? Let's hear a little bit about that marriage of convenience. Or is it inconvenient? I guess it depends on who's looking at it right? Let's hear a little more about the president and Ronnie Jr. Wonder how close they've been all these years. The other son does one thing to do with it right? Great family man. We've got up there. How long was it before he saw his grandchild? Grandchild was 30 years old he hadn't met him yet. Great family man. Here's another great family man Ron Harrison. Who have carriage hills? When you've got a new sweat. How do you wish he's a diamond year? When everyone's a weed. Get higher this. They're Colleen. Would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me relax my shell. Oh, now that I wouldn't matter Patrick. Will he if you be wet in the green? Oh no, there's a smart lusse. He's making sure that he's wearing the Kelly Green Protection of Lepple condoms. Don't be whizzing on a foilic blower. I'm fathering for the gift of am. Especially if you're planning on kissing some blind stones as what's heavier. Be in Dublin your protection. But Lepple condoms they're strong enough for a man. But I like him too. So, picture yourself and Lepple condoms. And you're worth the kitchen and anything else. And you see, to say we shouldn't be here in this place. There's rules that govern everything we do. I should know better, but you're such a pretty face. And I just can't get enough of you. Won't give me my dawn of rice. Take me off the paradise. I'm willing to pay the price for love in you. You and me have been times that everything's behind. Cause the forces' vicious minds won't give me from you. Yes, I'll be your daughter, rice. And I'm willing to pay the price for love in you. I can't will play the game. When the news is all safe, take the glory and the faith. Just keep me loved. Yes, I'll be your daughter, rice. And I'm willing to pay the price for love in you. Aren't you hard to play the game? When the news is all safe, take the glory and the faith. Just keep me loved. Dr. Gajuni Child is happy and especially odd wins with the latest Chinese recipe. The pork in the rice is 5 p.m. Straight up on wins. Love in you. Our talk will play the game. When the news is all safe, take the glory and the faith. Okay, give it about a seven and a half. Let's go to a Fort Myers, hello. Yes, I'll be. Fort Myers. I'm going to bunch of cheap skates over there. And you believe that? Hey, the boy, that record is as shorty to top it all off. Hey, listen, we don't need you, folks. In the Fort Myers, you know what I'm saying? You fakers? Oh, everybody over here at Fort Myers and Naples. We all listen to it's great. Everybody over here. Yeah, we have a gut, you know, they might have male. We've gotten from over there on our so far campaign. You could put in a thimble and have room for the Chinese army left over. That's the kind of response we get from those brain dead people on the west coast. About time we stopped insulting the people in Dayton, Brower. They're the only ones who are even closed to living, not quite, but close at least. On a west coast, they've been brain dead for 20 years over there. Talking about stir-fried rice. We have an open line in date County 624-091. 624-091. She's going to be our ambassador to China, by the way. Did you know that, Don Arach? She is. That's according to a Prime Minister, Don. We can't say that anymore on the air either, can we? Okay, Arlene Ross is standing by. She's had enough of all of us. She wants to get serious and stop with all of this foolishness and the in-you-wendo. And all of this macabre business that goes on in this show. She wants to bring back a degree of respectability to WI and Z. Like the good old days when D. Dave Ryder was here before we made all that money. When we were really boring, round the clock. Even when they had the dead air, you could always be sure the teletype would be in the background. Remember when Gordon Shaw used to read the news? Huh? Tell a type. Just tell a type. Hours at a time. Just turn it on. On you here was teletype. Anyway, Arlene is here with the headlines. We'll news from CBS of 1 o'clock 106. We might come back for our number four.