Now presents Taffy McCallum. If you'd like to join in the conversation, call 624-0191-N-Dane, or 764-0707-Inbride. And now, here's Taffy McCallum. It takes the special lead of men to get these poems across the roughest part of that Colorado River. Or to get that tongue alongside a 5,000-ton super-taker. And when it's all set enough, you know you were the man in charge of bringing her home. Yeah, that's me. You, yeah. Come on. Get serious. That's not you. You're like most peer-drinkers. What all you want is eight hours of football. A tough full of freedom. And a couch, big enough to handle you and your tools. Your big, as a mountain or a flush beer. Big, as a mountain. Beerbelly, big bottom. No problem here. Just have another king of extra heavy flush beers. Who is here for the beer for the biggest part of you? A flush beer. That's a choice, breweries. Say you need me, sir. Okay, I thought that would be a good way to start the show today, because maybe a great story about my trip to the proctologist. How low is his on the line? Are you serious? Carlos. Leo. Is this Carlos or is this an imposter? Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Okay. Here it. Now, Carl, I'll lend you a little bit like Carlos. Carlos is 17. Carl, let's see. How old are you, Linda? 22. 22. So what are you laughing about? Is 17 a bad age? 2 young. No. You could kind of mother him a little bit. No thanks. Leo, I make up. What? I make up to the age. Oh, I, I, I, oh, we got all these well-endowed colors. Is this what we got? These, all of these, they ain't gonna have. There's no question you look. Is this incredible or what? I don't, I don't, I don't know. Let me ask you. Here's that Jeff Strikker picture. How do you think Carlos would measure up to that? Well, I've never met Carlos. No. What do you think Carlos? She looks interesting. Who does? I can't even take the show. I thought she'd be a fun guy. Oh my god. She took one look at that picture. She said, oh god. Now, this turning into a religious show already Carlos. So this is part of the mail we get. We told you, Linda. This came in the mail, this, too. It also looked at me. Like, I go out and pick up that stuff. People send us a, oh, I like to pick that up. That's another story. Thank Linda with two. How's your girlfriend doing Carlos? I'm sorry. I'm going to cut the plates away. Did you hear that? Carlos had a couple of fights over the weekend with his girlfriend. There's a chance here, Linda. Whoa. What were the fights about Carlos? As if I were looking. The fights were about the fact that he called the show. See, I think that's what's happening. That's why these other guys are disappearing. Is their girlfriends here about it? They start getting threatened. You know what I'm saying? Well? She's very distracted. She's really distracted with these pictures here. Now, especially that one that says the pizza boy he delivered. She is really nervous about that. She never saw pepperoni like that in all the, on the label. Yes, I have. Have you really? Oh, you have? So, in other words, this doesn't impress you at all. No? No. I've shocked around before I stopped. Probably it went Dixie no doubt. Among other reasons. Listen, Carlos, I want to reinforce what I told you the other day. And I hope it's not too late. Don't even think about what you were talking about. I'm telling you. I know. I was at the progologist yesterday. And I was thinking about you while I was there. I'm serious. I was thinking about our conversation. I had last week. I said to my friend, you're Ben Dova. I said this. I said, I don't know what that thing is, but get it out of my body now immediately. Oh, boy, I'll tell you, that's quite an experience. What? Not good. No, not good. I'm not into that kind of stuff. And I just don't understand these people who are. Believe me. That's not what God created that for. At all. Right, Linda? Really? Yeah. Linda, Mary? Yes, her husband's right here. And he came into protector. Because he knew a lot of horny guys would be calling me. Now you got a girlfriend. You wouldn't mess around on the side, would you? Sure. Anna. How about that? No, that was Anna. No, he knows his girlfriend's listening. Did she listen to this show? No, I think she's sleeping right now. Anna, Anna, can you call her? Colors, it's 10 to 11 in the morning. What did you do? Keep her up all night again? Can you? Lovely. Why is she sleeping at 10 to 11? Well, she's running right to a park. She sleeps still too. All right, say we were up to two. Oh. Doing what? Good. That's good. Talking out, ironing out your argument, straightening things out. Hey, don't we speak? Huh, but you didn't do anything bad. Nothing bad. No, only good, right? That's how it was good. Linda wants to report. She wants to know was it good for you? When? When? Yeah. What were we talking about? Last night when you were keeping your up at 2 o'clock? Naturally. What? When you were doing whatever you were doing, go to a clock. She wants to know was it good. She wants to report. Oh, yeah, it was good. Good. That's excellent. Is it ever bad? No, I mean, what kind of a stupid question is that? You know? That's never bad. Good. That's excellent. Well, listen, go buy two labels, Carlos, and it's nice to know that we have at least one loyal listener we can depend on. Okay. I'm serious. Okay. You know, the rest of these people are just like fly by night. You know, they're here today. They abused, they exploit the show for a little start-up and man they're gone. But with you, you know, with that tough job you got with those labels. We know we can count on you. I don't mean ever with me, come in. Would you come into the show? Yes. I thought you worked, Carlos. I can get her. I mean, I don't want to get into that. I mean, I can come in. I have my own hours. Not only does he have a tough job where he puts labels on one on garments, but he makes his own hours up. Does he go so long? You know, oh, I'm not coming in today. I got to go be on a radio show, you know? Tough job. What? I said a tough job. So when he come in, Carlos? And you come, you want? See, he won't show up now. Come on. I'll come today, but I'll come tomorrow. Tomorrow morning at 10. At 10? Oh, no, how tomorrow at 1? 11? We don't want you to get up to early. I've got lunchtime. No one would be great. Moon, good. Maybe we wouldn't get food and fact food has come into tomorrow. It is. That gourmet buffet. All right. I mean, I'll be there. Yeah, she was three. Three food. Three food. Three food. Three food. Seriously, do you like seafood? In other words, if you see it, will you eat it? That's your question. No, seriously, no in tomorrow. Do you know where we are? No, you need direction. Not on the air? No, not on the air. We'll put it back on you give him directions. Watch your Kyle be delighted to give you direction, because then he doesn't have to talk to anybody else. Okay, hold on, Carlos. We'll say, you really come in or is this just to put on again? Okay, hold on. Okay, that's on too. Wait, you think the audience is another guest tomorrow. What do we have a whole bevy again? What do you think the audience is here? Food, the bells on. Oh yeah. Feed you folks because you look well fed. I mean, over now, not over. You just look just right. We don't want to do anything to harm that. Miami, hello? Leo. Yes, sir. Hey, you doing? Okay. Linda. Yes? How are you? I can tell you. I can hear it in your voice. Good listen, where is it? Yes? But what is it? What is it? Really feel like. I mean, when you came to those big pearly gates, there I see. And you realize that you're going to meet this guy. I'm sure you were, you had some pre-conceived ideas as to what he was like. Is he like what you thought he would be or any different? Well, I've already, I've met him before. Yes. You already knew just about how you lived at Linda. And I have a little thing going on inside that I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it in the room. Did you meet the verb before? Excuse me? Did you meet the verb? No, no, I hadn't. Okay, so what do you think of him? Let me ask you before you answer. Let me ask you this. Okay. Not married, okay. And let's say you were strolling at the, uh, you from Barak County, right? No, I'm from date. Oh, let's say you were date lamb moll. And you saw this guy coming through Barak Dines. With, no, which guy is this? The bird? Yeah. Okay. What do you turn your head? Hmm. Question. Huh? Well, even though I am married, some of you have some men who do not know my name. Well, my name. I mean, I'm saying if you were single. I mean, you're single days. Of course, you remember your single days, Linda. Yes, it's a matter of fact. Okay. And that's all the better. Sorry that means you saw him walking through Barak Dines, you know, trolling or strolling. Uh-huh. Well, what do you turn your head or not? No. It would not. Oh, yes. No. I'm sorry. Hahaha. Maybe anything I want to ask you. You might turn your stomach a little bit, but not her head. Okay. How do you feel about being there? I mean, this is the first time in time. This guy is excited. Yes, it is. He is. This guy is so excited. I'm barely keeping this. Hahaha. How tall are you, Linda? I'm very short. Be very short. Yes, I'm fine, Linda. Excuse me? I said you can't pack this stuff. You could say that. She's not real sure. She just did just right. Oh, get right. How tall are you? I'm six feet tall. And you're how tall? About five. Five one? Five one? When it's stand up, or in it? Stand up a second. But up. Yeah, yeah, how you? Yeah, but she doesn't look short. No. No. She looks just fine. She's perfect for you. Okay, it's great. Linda, I'm going over to the Bahamas. This is Neil's chip. Did I already take him for the Hawaiian chip? Yeah, this is what I can bring to my head. This is how it would have gone to Hawaii. I don't know. You could definitely invite your husband. Hey, that sounds great. How old are you? How old am I? I'm 24. 24. Now, that's a little more up your alley, right? Yeah. Um, yes it is. I didn't buy it. I still haven't. Don't close any doors yet. Don't promise. Leave it all kind of open. Let's see where this goes. Why don't we? It'd be no problem. Well, a husband's getting a very surly look on his face. He knows better. No, he knows better. Well, he could food and we'll have it just a hell of a time. Sounds great. You say. We'll give Neil a call on my, uh, while we're over there. I told you this guy was desperate. Oh, yeah. Oh, why can't you tell me? What's your first name? We're willing to take my husband's mark. Another mark. Yeah. Now, this is not the same mark. No. This is a different mark. First time I've called you really. Yeah, really? I'm into what he said. And you just decided you'd call a lot. I was here. Yeah, yes, that was nice. I was listening. I listened every day. But I was listening yesterday. I better friend of mine last night that you would show up. Really? Oh, Mark. I better than that you wouldn't show up. I could have told you there no chance that's Linda would not show up. No, but you know what you said to me. You thought maybe she'd going to be just like everybody else that you invited or to call at least that never returned to call. What did I say to you this morning? You could go to the bank on that you would show up. Okay. Well, you were actually dependable. Yeah. That's good. Well, you know, I wanted to tell Major that I was at the Hadelibel concert this past Sunday. Yeah. And I met Sandra Santiago in. Oh, and what did you live you're proud of whatever? Yeah. You better call Stan and drive him. I mean, I won't be here when he comes out. Yeah. To be home. You have to go home. Okay. Well, listen. We've, you know, given you a little introduction now and the rest is up to you. Okay. Take it easy. Okay. There you go. Your first drop position of the morning. Hey. Well, listen, Linda's going to stick around here for a while. And if you'd like to talk to Linda, we certainly invite your, they all want to talk to her. That's interesting. Nobody's interested in me, but I'm old at here. 624-9400. There's an open line in date. Michael Fissier. He's going to be chatting with Linda after his news break. Yeah. Well, Linda is from CBS 11. And we'll come back at 1106. And when Linda's a little bit upset because she expected a lot more stimulating callers. Am I quoting you correctly? Yes. She said she's a lecturer. A lot more intellectual stimulation. Now, so far, the first group of callers we've had would like to be involved in certain amount of stimulation, but not necessarily intellectual. I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be. No. Well, we got a bunch of animals out there. They're just walking warm off. And they all decide to call today. Exactly. Well, because they heard your wonderful voice and they started fantasizing. I mean, that's been the topic on the station for days now. Fantasy. Fantasy. Yes. It's getting pretty old, right? You know, I mean, keep your fantasy to yourself. Exactly. It's like you keep your fantasy. If you sit in their at home, you know, fantasizing about Linda now because of her voice. Don't tell us about it. Really? Just do it. That's true. I don't want to hear the go-in. Well, let's see. Wait a minute. Here's a woman called who said, on 5A, and it's got to be in a herald of course. On 5A of the Miami-Herald today. Oh, the Miami News today. Oh, I don't think we'll be able to get that away. And to think at the news, unless you live right next to the building. That's right. Dr. Wands. Wins to pay. Hey. Four. toilet radio. What? What does that mean? What does that mean? Okay, I know you just picked it up. I know. I think the doctor wants WI and Z to pay for toilet radio. Man, makes no sense. What does that mean? No sense. Weird. Okay. Well, let's get away from that. Let's get out of the toilet and make it into our intellectual call. Oh, like this one, North Miami. Hello. Yes. Come on, man. Yes, sir. I am. Yes, sir. Okay. Let me say, sir. When are you saved? I'm just a listen to other talk radio stations. But I found I tuned in to your show. You were most intriguing. Your techniques are just second to not. I know. Stimulating. Provocative. This would make the show so excited. Exactly. Unpredictable. Off the wall. Yeah, my dad's are. Provarded. No task. I'm sorry. All of the above. That's correct. Okay. Go get out of the place. Yeah. The idea of having someone from your listening audience to appear. Maybe you want to do this on a regular basis. We're going to. We got Carlos tomorrow. And then we have to direct and vacuil be here on you. You realize. So we're just going to do the rest of the stations. I mean, we got guys on the other stations. It was screaming and trying to get people to call. They're taking and cleaning. Yeah. They're. They're the speaker. The big people. Exactly. And Linda's got a full board of calls. She hasn't even said anything yet. Absolutely. She's always. I mean, she's a good looking lady. She is. Thank you. Thank you very much. Are you a resident of the community here? Will it be a resident here? Yes. I am. I'm important in race. Where else can you go? Get a public radio and view them. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. I don't want to ask. Well, the student is in a suit. Wait a minute. She would have been like Georgia. We wouldn't have put her on. Guys, who's our guide? There's been a background with the laugh. I've never really caught a name here. What's that? Is that? You mean the bird? Yes. Is that the bird? Yeah. What are you calling the bird? Good question. To see him. To see him. To see him. To see him. To see him is to know it's sir. Oh, right. You look like a bird. He looks like Twiti bird. Oh, okay. And he lasts like Twiti bird. And he acts like Twiti bird. So, so, in the idea, then, would be that you have him laugh. Him the laugh and have both the guests, remember to laugh. Yeah. With make for a great show today. Exactly. Just have him laugh for three more hours. It would be nice if he could just analysis of how people stand by with their table quarters. Both of them laugh solid. Yeah. For 60 seconds. Could that be done? No. No. No. It's got to be funny. It's right. It's right. Spontaneous. It's got to be. Yeah. Yeah. They came to tapes rolling. Something will develop. You know. Yeah. Listen. They told us. When I was hanging around here. I was hoping you didn't pick up the one. Because they would get the time. But I was told it was a meat that's made of a shower. And I didn't want to come on. I was like, wait a minute. I just made this meal of my shower. Yeah. Because I knew I would lead my show. To work in water by shanker. Well, it's you've managed to manipulate the story very well. One of the questions is this. I noticed you said you go to the track a lot. You go to the call. Is that correct? You bet. You play the racist there. You bet. You play me. Oh, I just go there and I watch. Okay. Do you know how to handicap? Yeah. Do you get tips? No. You don't. You don't. You don't. You don't. I see. I see. I see. Okay. Have you ever worked for a national team in that work? A real man worked for something. You have to force like he's been involved. You know, he's a good guy. Yeah. Well, in a previous life, I was ched hundly. Is that right? Yeah. Well, listen, have a good time in the shower. We'll see you later. Okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Give me your best. Okay. Give me your best. Speaking of the shower, isn't it amazing how this show just kind of flows along? Oh, it's a lady in the shower. Hello. There she is. It's our lady in the shower. Hi. This is that intellectual stimulation you were waiting for. Oh, there she goes. She always gets right in midstream there. Oh, yeah. So to speak. She was a good call. And she was real good. Oh, yeah. Now Linda, are you stimulated by that? Do you think I look like Tweety Bird? Why are you people getting me in the middle of it? No, be honest. You know the cartoon, right? So that's right. You've had credit for the party. Okay. You've had exactly. You've had incredibly honest answers so far. Well, I can't be anything but. Right. So that's why I ask you. Oh, wait a minute. Before she answers the question, if somebody maxled to it, go in the programming office and get that glass. You know, with the Tweety Bird glass that sitting on his desk. See, it's much easier to make a comparison when you have the. You know, if you have an imagination. Yeah. But now you're back to fantasies again. Right. Weak till she sees this. I'm telling you. It looks exactly like a dead wringer. Now these are very important questions. Here comes the glass. Thank you so much, Max. Yeah. They look at their bottle of blood. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. It's a very important question. So here comes the glass. Thank you so much, Max. Yeah. They look at their bottle of blood. The little hairs. See, all right. You see, it's striking resemblance. To the bird. She's not saying anything. She's just laughing. He's on the desk. They're hitting something at the desk. Now she's on the floor. She's on the floor. Speak to us. Now see, she said she's going to laugh for 60 seconds. 60 minutes now. Yeah. Just laugh right into that mic. Now you know, now Linda, you understand why I sit here and laugh historically. Everybody, what a size is. How can you possibly sit here and not laugh? I mean, I would challenge anyone. That's so. It's just here next. It's not just your not the kind of person that gets bothered about everything. Exactly. We have a little mirror in front of the bird over there. And he just sits and looks in and laughs. I would challenge anyone to sit next to the king and not laugh. Wouldn't you agree? It would be. I'd share that with be some people who wouldn't. Wow. Yeah. Miami Beach. Perhaps we could find a can of you. But I'm talking about a normal living. A living and breathing, you know, active person. I wouldn't propose to be normal. Mmm. Everything's relative. Listen. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Okay. I looked at these glass. This is one of those. What is it? You're right. What does it say at the bottom of the glass? It's pleated. Yeah. So we know who this is. I'm a shadow of a dot. Mm-hmm. Okay. This is a drinking glass. It's got yellow pictures of the bird. And it says, tweety at the bottom. Okay. And Pepsi on the side. A little Michael Jackson influenced it. Uh-huh. Okay. Now what's the verdict? You're right. The spinning image. Oh. Close. Very close. Yeah. Very close. Not just close. Very close. Like maybe twin brothers. Right. Hands from the same egg. Cousins. Yeah. Okay. Cousins hatch from the same bunch of eggs. Okay. There it is. Holly Wood. What? Can we catch you in midstream here, sir? Oh, sir. Okay. Okay. I would like to say to Linda. Yes. All the people that have come up there called Y'all. And never said they were going to show up. She is the first person to do it. That's true. Yeah. She's a great American. Yeah. Yeah. You know? I mean, this is great. Yeah. It's great. Well, okay with it. Go. You know? And I'll nail. Come on. Wait a minute. What did that mean? What did that mean? Well, I mean, she's on the warm-up now. Yeah. You can tell. You know, I mean, when she first came on, she was sitting now all the way by your omniscient. No, she just sitting next to the bird. That's all. Oh, well. The bird out of the bird. Well, I was just sitting here wondering what to expect. That's all. Well, hey. But nail about my amy vice jacket. I'm another one of them. Oh, no. I hate to do that. But now they let Captain Lance Pope, they took a poll. Oh, okay. No, but what number do I have to call to get Kyle and stuff, you know? Oh, I didn't know. Not Kyle. Cohen. When he thought to find out about this stuff, because I heard all the people have had difficulties about this. And um. Well, what we're going to be doing is sending out about a couple of dozen Marlon Bailey voodoo dolls with your own personal pins, okay? I've been sending out those. And then once everybody has finished sticking the pins in long enough and hard enough, that might just produce some results. He made this commitment, sir. Yeah. And we appreciated the commitment at the time, which was very great. It was great. And more than I can tell you, I appreciate all the great generous things. However, if you're going to make a commitment, you've got to follow through. And unfortunately, we've got a whole bunch of people. I don't know how many. I mean, you know, who knows how many at this time? Or just forming mad at us? I'm not mad at you. Okay. Well, I'm glad there's one. Do I want to take my cat to Hawaii? No, leave noodles here, sir. No, noodles. We got sweetie pie and pumpkin head and the wreath. You uh, you can call. Oh, no. Really going. Now, you can call me on the business line after two. Number is it? Uh, 6246101. 624. 6161. Oh, wow. Right. I'm free. Excellent, sir. Good work. All right, Linda. Yes. All right. You're on there. You're, you're, you're encapsulating all the feelings. Of all the people that want to be on the old show. I just look at them and both of them. Both of them. Just keep your hands off as legs. Well, I'm not saying close enough to them to do that. They're pretty long arms. These are the type of guy. Yeah. All right. Neil, we love you. I'm sitting here with my Jeff Stryker picture, sir. So just leave me alone. Well, stop squeezing your wheels and get to work. Oh, good luck to you, sir. Okay. Good luck with your jacket because of what can I say? Yeah. The pressing isn't that very, of course. What? One thing I notice about the callers is that they, they tend to not really react to what you're saying. Right. Oh, that's all the stuff. What they want to say. They want to say on agenda. And whatever you say, they don't want to go with it. Right. Right. It's, yeah. I mean, if you're going to call somebody, you should react to what they're saying. It looks like they're saying. Yeah. That's all conversation. Exactly. We don't have the conversation. No, no. No, no. There are two of them. There's too much of them. For any people out there including the woman in the shower. Yeah. I think one of the guys that called early was that the second guy that really sounded super horned. Oh, but he sounded worse. More desperate than seeing. One of the Bahamas. Yeah. Was that the one? The second one. Or if he's keeping track, he's taking notes. Now, if we could get him together with Lady in the shower. Telling you. That's what it's going to take. Well, I always enjoy his calls. She's very good. Oh, and always look forward to your steamy calls. That's right. 20 minutes after 11 in WI and Z, we're going to come back with Linda. Everybody in the world wants to speak to her. Nobody wants to talk to me anymore. And of course, or maybe they say around town, we have become. Deep throat is next. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Deep throat, your mother called here the other day. Did you hear that call? I didn't. Mrs. Thro. Yeah. She wants you to call her. Rolling. What did I forget to make my bed? Yeah. She said that you call here and you call all your friends, but you never call her. Have you called her lately? Oh, how to do that. Yeah. Would you please? So. It sounds like something my mother would say. For me. She was good. That we enjoy talking to her. Great call. Honest. Yeah. Saturday. We called Stanley. Yeah. Yeah. We lenders kind of like the best voice, the sightiest of Kathy West. Thank you. She's always sounds good. Yeah. But she should put an ELL at the end of her name. Like, you do, rentails, and they'll. Okay. To do, you know. And Neil, I think you should have crawls and Adam on the same day. That's a good idea that we can kill one bird with two colors. Oh. I. Not sure if pro-tolerant just visits. Yes. Don't complain about the exploratory device with the camera on the end. Okay. You thankfully you live in this day and age because before transistors those TV cameras had large glass vacuum too. And also there are all these logic guys that have called up and then they're proud to come on your show and they never show up. Yeah. You shouldn't be insulted. Okay. They promise the girl fend the same things. Okay. And never deliver. The story. Yeah. Well, you know what they say. Well, listen, it's great here in front of you. One thing I'm closing and call your mother. Yes. The news in bad news. The weather in Hawaii is great. That's the good news. The bad news is Marvin Bailey is the one is promised those tickets to the station. Yeah. Okay. I know. Well, listen. I never wanted to go there anyway. Although there are some things in Hawaii. Not that you're smart in the picture. Go where that picture close. That's a young Hawaiian man with a lay around his neck. You know, you do get laid when you go to Hawaii. They put that right around the window. Don't interrupt. Would you please let you know what we want you to squawk? Sorry. I don't turn it over on the other side to read it. I just want you to look at that picture and tell me what you think. It's good looking. Okay. Let's go to a attractive. Yeah. Sensuous. I don't know. I don't know. Here's too many muscles for me. I don't like, I don't like old. You know, it's just a little too much. Just a little. Okay. Well, I'm glad I won't have any competition. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. You're the sound tunnel. You're the sound tunnel with a dream. You're in the sound tunnel on winds. You're in the sound tunnel on winds. You're the sound tunnel on winds. God, I hope we don't run into noodles. The cabin here. The cabin here. So this goes on warm. I'll get the sound tunnel. And we go back into a different age. And we'll be on KDK and Pittsburgh 1920. Doing the same thing. Yeah. That's really good. That's really good. So Linda, you've seen what kind of an audience you're talking to now. 70. 40. Good. I have a little bit of a line. See, let's see if we have another break to do here. I assume. I should let that go. We could let that go on forever now. Maybe you'll call back. We'll be right back. Okay. We just, we're going to build a monument to Kyle right now. Can you believe Mickey Dane called here not once but twice? And I asked Kyle what did she want? He said, I don't know because soon as she said her name. I'm up on time. And award what he performed. And that's the way we like to handle her. What does she need me for? To promote her psychic experience? For the Elvis? For the Elvis? You know what she's going to find out? That in a previous life, Elvis was Jack McDermott. It's going to be incredible. Somebody in Hellendale has the mighty news that I can't wait for the cello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Hello to you and Bert and the wind and lindies sound awfully lovely. Thank you. And not whole gentlemen are, uh, think below the belt. I know that point. I did this gone to granted. By a cardiologist his name is, uh, Clark Heffernin, a popular old man. Oh, no. Oh, you got to be kidding me. And he said he was formed a committee to promote first amendment, write and obligations in comp in. Also, in other words, now we find that he's the one behind this. He's been doing this for years. Trying to get me off the air. This idiot Bart Neffernin. I have a nerve to pass part of it. Yeah. So I think the station is irresponsible. I don't want to hurt him. But I just think they need better programming. And then he's in. Well, listen, wait a minute. Why does he work on the programming of all the other stations? I got like one shares. What isn't work on them? Well, because you're popular, Neil, and this guy, he's not popular. Yeah, we's cracked. That's the problem. He is a quack. He's an idiot. Listen, that it's not for any proof that's taking out advertising in the voice. The newspaper of the archdiocese of my army. So, you know, right there tells you where to go. Good. Well, I'm glad that we know for sure now it's Bart Heffernin. He's out of the closet because he is a cardiologist. He does have a practice. He is a office. And, you know, I'm sure that a few days later. I've been in the office. Call him up there. And, huh? Has any of his patients lived though? Well, that's a good question. But anyway, if there are people who want to call Bart Heffernin up in Papadow Beach and to take issue with him on the, you know, the add-in of voice and his interfering with this radio station, they certainly are free to do it. Well, I would think that would be a good idea. May I say something to Linda? Go on. Yes. Linda, I'm an older gentleman. I'm not older. I'm 38. And I find that young women at your age married are not out of rock. Interesting for the simple fact that they still have interest in life. They haven't been turned around by a number of different men. I hope that you and your husband live in long and happy life. Thank you. And it's nice that you sound vibrant and interesting and friendly and don't worry about always chunks of there. I try to be. My army is a rough place for men. You know, you have to understand. I thought it was a paradise. I thought it was a paradise. Unless you're a lesbian or have a lot of coke, you've got no shot. I can do that. That's probably true. But so I had to say, and you had a great show. You got your people all sound like you're having a wonderful time today. We are. Well, you're. Enjoy. Thank you. Okay. How do you like that? Great call. Just before the news breaks. Nice. What? What? What? What are you whispering? What was that? What? Is it the first one today? Oh no. I'm coming. Adam over there on Keepis Game was a great caller. Okay, listen, we're at the end of the hour. We do have one open line in day six to four, 94 hundredlin is going to be here at least another hour, right? Oh, yeah, you're. How many years long as you've been? Long as we wander till we kick her out. Yeah. My wolf is back with a headlines. Oh, if she stays another hour, you know who will be here right now. Look out. And they will go back at 12.06. Wait. Wait. Sit on my face? No, no. I just wanted to ask you. Did you hear that on the radio? Oh, when the old was playing it. No. Oh, you didn't. I'm sorry. There was a line in the song. You see, it had to be taken off because they saw that. It was in portate. You sure you should repeat it? I happened to like portate. Anyway, but there was, no, because it's all, you say, what does 69 mean? That's just two numbers. But when the guy in the stadium, Adam said he was 62, right? Exactly. Now. So, someone says, you can tell where I've been by the smell of my chin. Now, what are we eating? Forring to. Wait a minute. Are you saying we're eating a lot of, we're getting a lot of crank calls in date after Mickey Dane called New Hangup Hunter. Maybe those are psychic crank calls. Isn't that bizarre? We got three open lines in date, by the way. If some real people want to use them, six, two, four, 94 hundred. That Mickey Boy, I think she put a curse on the show now. I think we're in a lot of trouble. Psychic crank calls. Exactly. It's a new, uh, wrinkle on. Absolutely. Psychic crank. Hey, Neil, you know what? What? I don't know how to take along you. You know why? Because you always say, all you tanklers out there. Hey, that's my last name. Well, then we are. We found a real tankler. Yeah. Then you are definitely legit. So every time I hear the radio, all those tanklers, I think you're just talking to me. I guess I'm allowed to take along you then. Okay. Well, have a wonderful tankler, William. Okay. There you go, Mr. Tankler. Uh, let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Hi. And hi, did the rest of the people in the audience. I'm not sure how many are out there right now, but I wanted you to know that we'll be calling your body doctor. Hepburn, uh, as soon as I get off the phone with you. Yeah. Yeah. Tell him we hope he has a wonderful day. Oh, yeah. I'm sure I'm sure with his wallet he doesn't pass. But, uh, as far as the subject of desperate guys, I was just going to suggest for any desperate guys listening. That they moved that land. You know, if they're having a hard day. Because I hear it's a pretty liberated, uh, sexual taste up there. Although I never had any experience with the other kind. Uh, I'm not putting it down, of course. Wait a minute, would the other kind? That was kind of an interesting choice of words, wasn't it? Well, the other, you know, the other, the same kind. Have you wanted to? Uh, however you want to put it. Oh, I see. But anyway, uh, then I think that you guys should move your show to Atlanta as a matter of fact. Oh, yeah, right. Okay. That's fine with me. You'd eliminate, uh, you'd eliminate this decrepit ancient audience. That's constantly boring people. And plus you'd get away from Stan Major, you know. Yeah, well, we're trying to do that. I think it's an insult to your show to, you know, for you to be followed up by the guy. Well, when I want to say that, why don't you want these people, maybe it's becoming new hobby to take shots? It's Stan. Why is it so dull? It's, you know, it seems like if he wasn't working for a radio station, his life would be about the dullest thing. You could see, I mean, just by listening to him listening to the opinions, these ancient opinions that God knows where he got him. Why? I guess he got him from his parents. But we can't bring them into it. That's, that's too personal. But I don't know. I just want to tell you doing a great job, and, um, keep up the good work. Okay. Okay. Audios. It's terrible. Yeah. We're saying Stan to Schritts are like, no. No. God. Why are you squealing now? Oh, you don't like Miami-Py-C either. You never watch it. You think Don Johnson's a jerk? Well, I don't think we're interesting at all. No. Not your type. No. Well, no. Yeah. Basically not even near it. Not anybody's type. Not even near it. Just leaves back. He's a little annoying. I know what you call him. Well, look at the poster. The 8x80 poster that stands out in the wall here. He's just just a slime ball. And there's many more pictures of him when my office is on the way. They're all over the building. They're all over the building. Really? They're all over the building. They're all over the building. They're all over the building. They're all over the building. They're all over the building. They're all over the building. He's got that Donna in the box. He's got everything. Plantation, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. They're doing. Okay. I was wondering, since you have a couple of morning Cubans on for 1st 3rd day, if you've been just in having a not so morning straight due for Friday, A straight you on Shavas boy wouldn't that be something well Chris had have to be for sundown obviously How do you think yeah There's strange people this guy's son. Oh, what maybe we could answer the question about how come Jews are sexless Tell me no, I don't mean I don't suggest that I have the answer But I said maybe we could work on the answer to the question. Oh, maybe For that because you know, it's true. I mean that's not a shot I mean just happens to be a fact that most Jewish people are a sexual Well, yeah, that's part of our upbringing. We're taught that the system is a seri evil and that there are more important things in life No, like he's coming at talk there or a lawyer something like that Right away or if you live in Hallendale of course going to the early bird But that's just a joke sunny don't get upset at sunny rose and bird man. I'm telling Okay Excuse me All right, this is a first this is a frustrated young Jewish male how old are you? 20 oh boy. You're young man That's really sad you know growing up in a world like this is Well Don't like it change it. How old are you? I'm 22. I'm not a much of a difference no See one thing about now. What's your first name Evan? You're not like what is it for a kind of a boy or should name is that Evan? Can I tell you you know it? It was an accident first. I used to know an Evan Well, one thing about Evan is that he's not threatening you in any way shape or form because he Jewish He's been he's been taught that that's only you know for appropriation which the Jews don't do well anyway Maybe maybe once a year like the day after socastle like that all those sockets is coming up soon So I'd watch him, but Am I right or like exaggerating? Yeah, see I hope you're not sexless Me? Yeah, I think not now. That's good now It's a nice dimension to life Yeah, I think How long you've been married for? I've been married two years Okay, you got married pretty young Pretty young. Yes, and no I've heard younger Yeah, it's a busy people seem to be getting married a little bit later. I don't have an intellectual in my mother's marriage Which you'd like this Right, but that was what did you number a year ago? Yeah, I thought they were getting married younger Earlier Well, since there was a lot of my friends are Not even seeing anyone that's kind of like no one's really going out with people. Yeah, they're kind of like seeing each other At that age, that's real sad I told you I'll be in again with the things that are going around these things. That's a good point. Yeah, now most of your friends Jewish Evan About half a half a half yeah About half a half Well, I'm sorry Linda is desperately searching for a Christopher So therefore you of you're not elder I can't Yeah, I'm sorry As a matter of fact, I told her about Chris that 11 year old from Mississippi I'm sure last week near eyes, but you arise just flying out of the floor You would have liked him, Linda really he was very impressive. Yeah, he was you heard him did you hear him that thing? I didn't know that the 10 and 11 he was great Wendy Yeah, and he was non-threatening no now don't make faces he was great Guarantee you could have had a much more stimulating conversation with him that most of the people you've talked to so far That's a fast me at the track. Yes, I would Leave with government exactly now don't not Don't scare him off he's gonna be great tomorrow You watch No, we want we want Adam and he're alone on Thursday With his fish net jersey whatever he's wearing You wear tight pants he can be voted if he has no wait a minute if he did a nice Jewish boy just make a disgusting remark Did you hear what he just said? Well, that you know, oh I can't believe you said such a thing don't you know that Jewish boys are supposed to wear loose baggy pants Hey, I wear pants like him at Kelly. I mean you're like four feet wide When you're Jewish you're brought up you wear clothes like they don't wear anything tight So God forbid something might you know Stimulated Yes, I have have you have you noticed that most people there Spanish That's true. Oh all these street people took over everybody was doing just fine It's all these pain in the estrate people I'm always there. We're still good. It's too good of a place now we'll go there and beat all the fags up and kick them out You know, and what I think it over shame on you Well, that's the Spanish people. They have this much of a thing that they feel they need to beat up on people Not all no To punish people. I mean there a lot of Americans that are like that. Exactly. A lot of red necks or a lot of people that you know feel intimidated by Different things You know just because it's different right they have to Although I will say this most of those Hispanics are willing to try it You're at least once or twice trust me, I'm and I can take it from somebody who knows Yeah, that's why they went to backstreet well listen Great here in front of me. I hope you had a good the safe tissue both Stake the lot and have a great circus and have a good life keep you in mind. Okay 21 No, no, no W. I and Z and we'll come back right after this Okay, it's a 1225 W. I and Z you're wedges with a two stand major will be long at two Philip the proctologist His on the phone. I can't but hello hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like to call I'm not a proctologist. Okay, that's a rage. Just wanted to get on right away That's exactly it. Okay another word. Another word here. You're just another Me just not to straight guys volunteering themselves to be on your show. Yeah, how about a token gay? How about a what a token gay? Well, how do you know that some of these so-called macho guys aren't you know? Well, I guess I'll find that out of others to the show but at least I'm volunteering to come on and in mid where I'm Coming from I'm two of them for a ride but I'm under 30 What do you mean you're too old for Hawaii? You mean you're too old? Okay, well Hawaii is already spoken for John everybody This guy sounds like about 50 yeah 28 Very dope job. So it's very easy for me to get on you say what Does he sound 28 to you Speak say something boy. She all of a sudden what did you do to her on my home? Yeah I kind of like to think first before I make a risk of this is a radio They can hear they can't hear you thinking and they can't see it when you nod your head Exit fortunately She not there yeah Just remember that It'll help Okay, well, if you say so We oughta really care hold anybody is you can be on the show if you're right. I was 16 or 100 I don't care as long as you're fun and interesting fun and interesting I will be As you can kind of bring me out not literally, but I mean, you know Bring out my phone side this guy's song. I'm telling you this guy sounds old Very Very old That's because I've been hanging on the phone for 45 I've gotten 45 minutes old. It's just trying to get all of this guy not 28 Now, that's too bad at that here. Now that's here. It's a little more More than I like when you lied once already you said you were trying to college just an I Are turning out to be just a pain in the ass Close well listen to Philip it's been great talking to you, but I'll give it some consideration We got to think about him. I mean, I would have said yes, but Philip yeah, I think Philip might have might age dramatically between the time And the time he came in on the show. We're desperately trying to find your Christopher Linda, but yeah Does any of you so much now I'm curious about one thing Okay, well I'm curious about a lot of them What I mean when Carlos comes on tomorrow assuming he shows up and Adam on Thursday or if he to one of you shows up If now will all the young ladies be calling in or is it gonna be all these you know Almost sexual is out there. I mean God forbid we get almost sexual is calling on the radio It's by the way Dr. Heffernen's number in case you were getting a busy beat for a 7772 2136 evidently Dr. Heffernen's unhappy with the state of talk radio in the market and maybe he'd like to do his own talk show So if you'd like to call him 7772 2136 in beautiful Pompano B of course it's Pompano B should always Yeah, that's we're all you notice that's where all the flag comes from 99% of it and all circles from I'm really happy he's out of the closet now and if this story is you know in print So we know I mean now I'm relieved to be honest with you not that I was concerned but I'm just relieved to know That we know the source because this guy's been doing this stuff for years. He's obsessed with this show Does want to mention my name in those ads, you know just Winc and talk post and so on Yeah, very generic attack on the host always but boy. He would do anything to get me off the air. You know why? Because he's a right wing not Is a mania obvious how do you like to have him doing open heart surgery today? Think about it. Yeah, God probably when the kills everyone Did you hear that? Say it again. I said it off the bottom. We don't mean that that was only a slip of the talk Yeah, only maybe one out of two What water? Hello Wait a minute is this Jeff striker? Sorry To be doing fairly well, but if she's been a break into this market I think you ought to give her the test at every DJ's taken And what is that? See if he could smile without showing her teeth I'm not really interested in breaking into this market. You're not now. It's it's tough I just just didn't this market if he can still pass the test. I may have a job for you Wait a minute. What market is this when Dixie or publics? I think you're being propositioned here for a big time job I mean big do play your cards right I can get stand major to introduce you to Michael Talbin Who will take your pictures and give them to Don Johnson? Will Yeah, that's now And you saw what Don did do his girlfriend at the end of a boy in his dog. You saw that right Hey, gagged all over Yeah, yeah, really I want to see that but I miss you should see that it no good for this market. She believes everything she hears yeah She's got to be a little she's got to work on being a lot more cynical I don't want to be Why not? Well, she's young and innocent I like being I like being young and innocent Exactly. I mean those of us who are older and Senate senator no I think when I get older I still want to stay young and is it good luck to yeah, exactly I know it's been tough. It's been took to kill me Excuse me you want to have a big feeling a power a Big feeling of power Take the telephone and they're just press the button call medoo specking up call medurking up call medurking up Well, I'm not really interested in a power play. You're not Kind of like being taken advantage of Ooh here it comes see to tell me took some little shots in me there, but now he's everything Everything in moderation everything in moderation I believe in being in the middle somewhere What's that? Let me take shot it. No, I know that We're just a joke That's right up your alley right right so to speak That's what the phyllo proctologist said Yeah There's right up his alley we seem to have a lot of proctologists out there Yeah, I'm still in the I happen to be a token white I live off my appearance money. I live in a condo drive a BMW Wow I think I think all three surfagots. What do you think? Oh, this is this guy again I don't priest your faggot, but I will say this sir. That's very general thing Wait a minute. You're improving your act though considerably. Yeah, it's not really your metal We're nice. There's one thing we do agree on sonny fox is a douchebag you bet Absolute working on the breeding Um Moving red a lot That I'm really gonna let they go on edit go on the island I am not thought of you by the way as idealistic before he mentioned that would you consider yourself? idealistic no and you're not cynical you're somewhere in between Next I think that last guy has been drinking too much birch I do too much birch beer at Wendy's They still have birch beer Yeah, they did by the way speaking of Wendy's I want to do about three and a half hours on Fudruckers now if you pardon that expression That may be actionable I mean I'm gonna tell you how bad the eating situation isn't plantation How a few places there are to go they open a new flood rockers about two three months ago You don't repeat it okay. You don't have to repeat it. No, that's an interesting name Yeah, very interesting In fact if you I was thinking of going to their neon sign and removing some of the letters First of all you go in there and you give your order the places just packed I mean like From the time they open it 11 in a morning till whenever they close It is packed you think they were giving the food away You go in there you give me your order and you sit and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait like a lifetime It's a hamburger a hamburger, okay? And Then you put all that stuff on you know the cheese and the nacho cheese all out of the stuff that sits outside all day for like you know You know hours and hours and congeals and gets real good and you take it home and I'm gonna tell you something if there's anybody in the audience who hasn't had a good BM I'm gonna tell you Within three hours It'll be like the San Andreas All up and down the coast of Florida. I'm telling you now Maybe that's why they're doing such a booming business because we do have a lot of people down there What they seem to be a lot of young people in there. It's a service. Oh, man I'm talking to that place and maybe I'm allergic to something in there. I'm home perhaps boy better than popcorn I mean oh Better than a neutron bomb I'm telling I mean it just unbelievable and the place is just jammed and they stand on light in there 3040 deep and dinner hours unbelievable you and this is a hamburger place You've never been does that tell you about the old cuisine in a plantation really boy what a desperate place I love plantation don't give me wrong but the food there It's a nice place to visit but you wouldn't want to eat there. Let's put it that way What is Joanna doing up there looking like she knows where she is She's waiting to hear Sunny Fox calling from his mobile. Oh, here comes the feed doesn't want anything to do with sunny Fox She can't stand him she lives in the control room. We know that Oh You live in plantation have you eaten at flood rockers and you like it? No, okay shaky. Yeah, she's starting to redeem herself a little bit not a little bit Yeah, until she came in this morning and said she loved Miami vise and just spas is over Don Johnson She's got her Don Johnson blow up doll at home. Yeah, and doing just wild things with Don True. Yeah, she has odd taste. He calls him her little shaver Ha Okay, you call him a lot of what perk this show up. Hello Hello neon neon neon hell pal pal. I'm stuck stuck in you your your your Appened up the Mimi Mimi Mimi me me me me me now. Are you nervous here sir? Are you a little nervous? Okay, I'm just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just just Okay, no wait a minute listen listen and you have a job Okay, now listen I'm gonna give you the phone number for Wild they have all holding for tacos I'm serious You were right a call from Kendall will be a Son of it. You know Are you gonna straighten out or is this gonna go on in the middle straight now? Well, we don't want to know about your personal life I really got to say I fact it sounds to me like it just did straighten out if you want to know the truth Your show is great and I don't know what all this great is about Kyle Kyle is a wonderful guy I mean he's very quick and blunt to the point I He would like you to know that he agrees with everything you just said He you know he's never been nasty to me he's never been You know a bropped at all no he's always been very nice I got to say you show just gets better and better and better and better I listen to you years ago really and when you don't sound that old to me 24 that sounds very good and You know then I'm gonna how would you know now with Linda now? You know it's about time that I started getting a little intimate with some of the callers here today Just a joke now don't take it seriously. I don't want you to start stuttering again But I really really do enjoy the show it's you know it's better than television Anything almost anything almost better than sex I know yeah And if you're Jewish Not even close No, I'm not I'm not Jewish I know that not if you live in now if you lived in West Kendall you'd probably be Jewish But by recently wait a minute wait a minute you live close to Jay Byrons I know good okay, that's good And you know I don't understand why everyone's ripping Mr. Major I mean he's yeah, what is it the last two days all of a sudden we got all these rips stand calls coming in You know, I think they think that they're cool when they're doing it because you know you kid around with Stan yeah, and That's what you guys do you guys kid on our teacher You can't hate each other you go out to dinner on occasion. Well we said it's separate tables I don't you know I don't understand why the ripping them because I think well because the callers on any show You'll find the majority of them are butt kissers, okay? And whoever they're talking to at a given time they want to ingratiate them so all you're so great But that and then they feel a better way to ingratiate is the rips somebody else I mean is really kissing your butt by saying you're the greatest and so and so things You know it doesn't make any difference who it is there book cissors that's all yeah Suppose to somebody like you who's straightforward nonist and you know and what are you doing tonight? No only a joke only a joke only a joke What I don't know Well now this is the kind of caller we like he's undecided He wants to go do something like what did you have in mind? Did you want to go to the dog track? You like that yeah, it's I It's fine I bet you've been out with some dogs in your time right? And they lifted their leg Yeah, and it was you know right on the neighbors car. Yeah, I've had some dates like that too No, right you know I I wonder what you know right Now what are you yawning about see every time we get a good caller Linda starts you on it like that like Adam was great on keep his game Was he a good caller or what yeah? I mean he was good. I mean he was good. I only had four and when he comes in Thursday I let you know how good okay One guy there Proctor just he wants to bet at least 68 not one yeah, yeah, yeah, he's aging rapidly You know when you look in too many of those holes man. I'll tell you it starts You're holding bodily Tell Linda well I can tell on myself because I'm online together I've got a Christian for you. He's about six months old, but he's a Christian Michael I was waiting in my son. Wait a minute. This guy. Is this your son? Oh, you're not married. I'm not married. No way. Boy. Well, why do you sound so happy about that? We're gonna not marry. Yeah, because I'm not married Listen to this guy I've been close enough to count man, you know It's like good everything that walked down the altar and life is much better by myself You know, I mean I can still do things and everything but I mean it just I don't have to worry about you Well, you don't have to be threatened by this guy. He likes to do it by himself. Well He just have to find the right person. That's all. Yeah, yeah Yeah, that's you know, but the right person. It's you know, I don't have time to go out and look for somebody I find them are fine to my mom. Let me tell you you don't look forward. It looks for you Yeah, like watching you know you never a pot of water will never boil if you watch it Boy, this is now now see you just redeem yourself Linda smiling for the first time She loves you and she's enchanted with that Yeah, she has a weakness for guys who use cliche And I think please. He's more interesting. Yeah, they are they're funny how they just I mean they're weird They turn out to be true often That's why they're cliches because they turn out to be true. Yeah, well, listen it's that time, you know We got all these commercials here and all this other business, but What are you laughing about we do? We've got this guy shorty's a great caller I've enjoyed it. It's been the best call I call you about twice a week, maybe And you know I'll be calling you again and I want to ask you one question now when you made this call because we got all these people in here And Linda's here. Did you get a certain amount of personal fulfillment from this call? Every time every time really all You know, it's my dad was a just jocky and I went out and saw him in this Years ago out in New Mexico yeah, and ever since then I've had the bug And you know radio fascinates me and I can you know in my mind I said didn't watch what you guys are doing You know it's all the buttons and all that other good stuff Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna. Great time. Well, maybe we'll have you on the show next week one day. Well, I'll be calling in a few invite meals I will show up on a man of my word. I'm not like these other people. Okay, I'm afraid. Okay, give me a call I certainly will now. Bye bye. Okay. That was a good call. Oh, yeah, yeah, we need some new cliches What we're gonna make some of our last but not our whole show in Marmor I think I wanted to do I in Z and let's go for it like a franky at 16 me for what we have to interrupt our segment here with Linda Just momentarily because I just had a call from one of our regular listeners who is in his car And evidently there's a real you know what on the road. They're with him. Okay, and the guy has got a sign that he made that says turn your AM radio to nine four Okay, and he holds up the sign when he wants to make a dedication to a particular in a driver out on the road. What highway Doesn't make it. Yes, which one of them. I think we know I think I way to know where yeah, I think we can guess Which so the other jerk in the car who's been doing all of this weaving and whatever else it is that you're doing If you found us on the dot, which Chris may take a long time Look at this stain came in just in time to attack Linda Isn't that great well listen well with the song is over. We'll let you know what happened for So tonight Yes, you're an A S S H O L E And don't you try to blame it on me Yeah, these are all the credit You're an ass We're an ass yesterday You're an ass You That was talking to your mother Just night I told her I thought you're an asshole She said yes, I think you're right And all your friends are asshole Because you know that you're whole life Somebody told me you've got an asshole for life For you more Or did you work it your whole life Either way, we're not fine Because you're an ass Ha Part I never considered my my laugh a cackle really no Actually, I never really thought of it Linda has a question she wants to ask Stan holes That just encourages all those 10 heads to call it not me Yeah, they've been on you last two days, but they're upset with you They don't want to hear about that they don't want to hear about Don Johnson They want to hear about Sydney what's your name? Penny, Penny, go ahead Are you going to play the Don Johnson interview today? I hadn't I had thought about it, but if you want to hear it I So what I do if you've melted yet I'm going to stop I'm going to stop the cart and Incorporate everything he's saying Because even Neil didn't catch the bit about I didn't talk about that on the radio. I didn't catch it. Yes. I heard it you didn't understand Oh, he's making something out of that already this man. He says to me last night seriously I'm telling you we've got to do something with him before it's too late You know when we had to guy with the radio on it we were all getting swept away into sound tunnel Yeah, what's going to happen to him with his fantasy tunnel his well he's going to wind up just getting wrapped up in this fantasy And you're never going to see him again. What's that whole lead with John Stockwell? You know to remember the name my science project Yeah, they found that thing and they and they hit the professor got you know just disappeared into the air into a thing You know you notice John Stockwell? I mentioned was in that movie You listen mentioned mentioned it's hopper. Yeah, I don't remember the other people Great now I did ask a question before about tomorrow and Thursday which you avoided answering about the young women Whether they were going to call into tomorrow and Thursday when we have the young men on the show I'm sure they will you think so getting all male callers except one but we always get male callers We get a few women That's not true No, that's not true. He does have you do have a few But women dominant. Oh, yeah, yeah other a lot of horny guys out there. We had the lady in the shower called this Yeah, that was she never calls me as a great call He's all jealous. No, she called this show she was breathing very heavily. She was great Interesting now that Stan came in Linda's husband left the room Is in that interesting wind and just kind of slipped right in I do sure I do that to husband he slipped right out of the chair We're husband was sitting yeah am I right yeah and he's sitting over there very close and And pretending to be a little bit of lukey's not making any attention She's very attractive very attractive chest Sydney Penny hair if you noticed she really does Thank you that is so many Penny has hair Never look at her well Our chest yeah Come on Sydney not you Well, you know, maybe Sydney what do you expect has got to be very much? Listen, she's gonna play the version Mary so be careful. It's true That's true. Oh my god, her new movie. She's the pope know about that portrays the virgin Mary and Stan We got to release this is the same girl that had this affair with Richard Shebel and is the priest in Thornbirds Remember she was in love with a boy. Oh, I know the movie that's coming That's one where Vincent van Patton plays Christ. I know that Matthew let's go Stan we got the release date on the new fee becaits movie tall boy date with the name Joel November 13th And the week before a movie opens up called Sammy and Rosie get laid now. This is right on the release chart number six I'm serious serious as a heart attack listen Sydney is is the right my age category Feel a little old now feel me from brook are a little old now either in their twenties That's a little you know, that's that's good enough there yeah We know this Like the kids in war games said 40 40 died of 40 yeah, we have really another break to do let's do our break And then we can say goodbye to Linda and then of course say goodbye to me. I go work to do Yeah, so what he's trying to say is that he's gonna slip out of the room when it gets to be one o'clock You'll have a whole hour before he comes on the year and he can get to know you a little better It's a three at w i n z will be right back I bet w i n z will have only a four minutes for Linda to say goodbye to all our fans You're a star now don't you understand how easy it's great. They'll follow you from here to the end of the world You've had all these guys with their tongues hanging down their toes As is I told a lot of friends that I'd be on today and I thought maybe one little little Ring They couldn't break through the masses oh, there's somebody in a password the airport. Okay desperate call or hello Yes, I'm in Wayneville Wow, well you sound really well I'd like to say an e-over at There's a group of listeners out here and she really didn't know about Apparently Don't be I n z is an am station about just meeting my signal and I'm a pilot. I'm at the airport right now Right and we tune in the am station sometimes to get a fix and And Sixth year seven year cut out over the state of Florida. We're sending you every day on believe of a lot of people tune in this Radiization to get a fix Well, we do the same table we're doing it at a 10-15 thousand feet oh At the same time I did want to say something to Linda before she leaves. I'll bet Yeah, and I did and I wanted to actually say it to her husband. I think he's a very lucky guy from what I first She's a very nice woman. I couldn't agree with you Okay, thank you. Thank you Thank you, and at the same time when the nose anybody who's interested in a middle-aged pilot about change of 30 I'm a real Middle-aged is not 35. You're still a young guy. Yeah, and don't don't get into that middle-aged stuff Okay, just remember life begins to end at 40 Okay Good luck to you. Good luck to you. How do you like that? They're listening to us up in the sky. What is that tonight? Well, of course a lot of our listeners are Well, Linda, thank you so much. How do we thank you? We gave you our Wynsey copy of the what is that news in world news in world report is in good health home journal And all those other throw away man We got into mail that we didn't know what to do with But let's not say goodbye because just let's leave that door open Because you never know maybe Thursday in the middle of the show just when the anime expects it to least maybe somebody might just pop up Exactly Something might pop up on that show you never know Why was that that pregnant pause? There's some special reason for that. Take a second. Yeah, you're a little Stas sometimes. Well, I know you're overwhelmed. You saw the new few becaits movie coming out. Oh I'll be there You notice he's wearing his lace shirt today just like the cardinal and his lace panty hose What are you talking about? I don't believe it doesn't that look like one of those silk Something something something. It's a white shirt. Yeah Don't read anything Like you said you wouldn't turn your head. Okay. There she goes when does been our first celebrity guest today? Bye bye and thank you so much And have a wonderful life and Don't go to keep this game Okay, that's gonna do it for this hour. I can't believe how fast did they go by fast? Even if you were falling asleep and noting off a couple of times It went by very fast and it was great for us Michael Wolfe is here with local in every news headlines, and we've got the world news from CBS at the top of the hour And when we come back for one more open hour when Linda's gone we're gonna rip her in the L.A. L.A. Star No, only kidding. We would never do that to a guest and then Stan will be along from two to six this afternoon And Stan is gonna really have some kind of a show today's gonna start out with you two in the Don Johnson Cup I thought trap goal records could possibly be more tasteless These are countin' Given both to tandoosh moves. That's right So it's the cat skills cowboy himself Dr. Irving pay attention singing the all-time greatest hits of Noshville I still hear The account you gotta know How to beat him Know how to see them If you've only did good life Keep a second set up and who could forget this flavorful cut Looking for laks in all the wrong places looking for laks I'd buy by the cases Polynesians Be sure there's no Cases A ball is marked to my soul And no collection of old country music would be complete without Dr. Irving pay chextyotary classic I have this co-shed And co-shed was the cool yes prep co-record's proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Noshville those not my amy moon Two order Noshville hits dial one in hundred six, but Dr. Irving pay chextyot Cases Got those not my amy blues Yeah Boy Okay, all the get-in-house Good spa I can't you I just can't I can't roll my soy always a gore Exactly Well I'll tell you one thing we sure thank Linda she was a breath of fresh air and Honestly That expression I know it's another cliche well we're big on cliches today but she was great And took her about five minutes to get stands hand off her breast, but Other than that now she was excellent and we're just hoping that the quality of our celebrity guest continues tomorrow We have Carlos we know Carlos is gonna be good He's gonna bring in his labels and you know do his work while he's here. Hey, listen He's got a tough job and then Thursday Adam is gonna be hearing uniform Oh the football uniform. Yeah, or least part of it Or there's no need to wear the lower part of the uniform because when he sits down in the chair He'll be photographed from the chest up Anyway in the life yeah anyway in the life section of USA today Cast your vote for Elvis top two on a Had just love Elvis and all you guys who had sex with Elvis now don't be afraid to call in I mean boy you talk about a country desperate for anything this country is so starved You know first it was all in north and they're all a for president for king for Jesus, you know anything And now of course we've got Elvis we're bringing but it's almost like he's still alive now, you notice It is like you know like one more meal Elvis, you know, but you missed one more pie You remember what USA today did last August on his ninth anniversary They found the picture of Elvis as he would look today. You never saw that and here's Mark Carmen, you know, who's the washed out? I can't tell you when these guys get like in their mid-30s and I start getting washed out looking Like Don Johnson and Mark Carmen then everybody says oh This is the best looking man in the world. I mean if Mark Carmen with the best looking guy in the world I would switch immediately. I thought it was Max Edward. Yeah, well, he's number two in that course governor du caucus of Massachusetts Of course and here on page four D right next to the article about the rise of the great moments in Dungary history What a news paper says a great moments in Dungary history Eight 1983 stone watch jeans introduced wow 1967 bell bottom jeans are born see now the bad part The bad part about this whole thing is that when they had cords he quarterwise were many years ago We're very big and then they went out for a long time and a few years ago Corrides came back everybody all the guys were in quarter-right jeans Now I will admit on the year I have a fetish in other words if there's somebody really good We're in chords. I'm probably gonna attack him right in the store. I mean I can't I just can't you're serious I can't restrain my well. I'm not gonna attack him but I've just like on the verge of an nervous break early quarter-wise are just there's something about them I don't know what it is. I don't either Courts It says nothing about quarter-roys that I can see in this story so again, you know US today jerks you around pretend to give you you know something 1950s the first zipper jeans are introduced to all the outside Tung curious about those guys that were those with a button see button fly which are very hard to button and I At times yeah, no, I'm serious they are no I know now what have they do? I guess they just pull them up and down I like when they got to go to the channel. I'm not talking about it public, but I'm just talking in general Well we'll save that for tomorrow. That's gonna be our time with our lowest Well as Carlos puts labels on stuff maybe he puts labels on jeans And the here are 50 famous Elvis fans picking their noses Picking their favorite Elvis hits. I mean Dr. Joyce Brothers Billy Eil Don Johnson. Oh, yeah, isn't that great. Don says hound dog. I was the I was the bus stop. Oh, it was the bus stop. I remember it just struck this wild cord in me. There's that word again. Yeah Feel ever league You have a long message coming on the screen. Okay Well, I'm all ramped up in my USA today. The mayor is the island queen can't wait till Thursday He loves a man in uniform and his copies of power tool and bigger than real life are in the mail Uh She wasn't doubt it. Oh, he's another one of those uniform fetish people. Yeah, I know people like that Yeah, I mean well, we'll probably get some comment about these first three hours today. We've broken some more new ground here With the WINZ power tool. We've put it in the ground broken some new ground. Yes, and let's see what the audience says Cutlery a cello. Yeah, I knew yeah, I get it. Okay I just wanted to call the thank you for airing the song that I wrote about what a boy Oh, yeah, well, thanks for sending it. It was great. All right. Thank you very much Again, you were the inspiration to that net Like pretty much upset say Well, in fact, we may play it again right now now that you mentioned it. Oh, I appreciate it. Okay. I do have an idea You two thanks a lot great song classic headed for the top 10 If it ever starts here it goes Now let me tell you story about a town that I want to All the full fetal if they were red and white and blue and the preacher and We're always hand in hand people spoken words that we all understand Now I can't speak in the next guy, but I can't understand now all this degradation can be called by just one man It's plain to see that he don't care about the way you speak and as long as he don't lose it count his seat Now this catching in the air people swear and everywhere When is all this madness going in put your back again for long and you better keep the call for more He's got the shaft out once again Now if you ask me how to stop man from reminiscending hate It also smell easy with the simple twist of bait We pull him out of office and he might understand that America's an English speaking land Now this tension in the air Well swear and everywhere Now when is all this madness going in Put your back again for long and you better keep the call was called he's got the shaft out once again Here comes good all the whole here. Won't again Hey, wait, watch me sticking that big That's what I said to the proctologist yesterday It's a 115 at WINZ now when I do go home, you know I got this rash and it's only a race We don't want any of me rumors, you know, I think Fox will be starting rumors and Why is it that every time she comes up there I mentioned sunny fox I never even used to mention his name on the show till you start hanging around But when I go home the first thing I'm gonna do seriously when I get home I'm gonna take a hot sits bed. Can we say that on the air jumping that Betta but maybe there's somebody in the audience who'd like to jump in there with me Anyway, no, it's just a joke When I say Chris is back in town Asking if he likes bubble bath Here's the story from Washington that we heard on the CBS news at the top of the hour and I think that this is gonna Really stir the kettle so to speak wait till you hear this Well, bad things happen Administrative law judge at the FCC today in the night renewal of our KO generals licenses for 14 radio and television stations Saying the company's dishonesty Is unprecedented for a broadcaster and playing those songs that he plays in a 75 page decision Judge Edward Kulman wrote that no case ever before decided by this commission Presents dishonesty comparable to our KO's Our KO general officials in New York said today they had not seen the decision and could not comment on it until they had read it Our KO can appeal the decision to the commission It will keep all of its licenses until all appeals are exhausted. I wonder if they do talk up Unuspanyol the stations involved our K H J TV K H J AM and K RT H FM all in Los Angeles Yeah, WHBQ TV WHBQ AM in Memphis, Tennessee W O R A M and W R K S F M in New York W R K O A M and W R O R F M in Boston Did you hear that jury? W G M S A M in Bethesda, Maryland W G M S F M in Washington K F R C M in San Francisco W A X Y FM for Lauderdale, Florida W F Y Try to control yourself now. It's W F Y R F M in Chicago Well, very sir the various licenses have come up for renewal over several years. The FCC delayed acting in those instances Giving R KO the opportunity to sell the stations and leave the broadcasting business Which would have been smart The dispute involving RKO has been before the FCC for 20 years The trouble stemmed from the companies lack of canter in connection with an investigation of its parent company Then known as General Tire and Rubber Company now Jen Corp Well, when you get on and you start saying these things and playing those songs that you place with the lyrics that are in there, it's shocking. Well, there's our immediate news response from over across town up there on the bend in Fort Lutterdale on US-1. It's a shocking story, right? Well, he can do talk ups in Creole, probably. Oh, look at that. Boy, Stan's really working here feverishly. He worked up into a fever pitch when he saw Linda. And he's working feverishly. Now let's go to Helendale. This could be Sunny Rosenberg. Hello. No, it's not. I'm sorry to disturb you. It's not even Mrs. Rosenberg. No, please. Good. It's time. Hi. Hi, Glenn. Hi. I really enjoyed Glenn's eye. I just wanted to, I'm sorry, she left because I wanted to pull while she was still there. I'm not one of her friends. I'm just one of your listeners in Helendale. One of your nice listeners. Of course. Now, I want to pull to be for, in fact, they sent to that Calvin Coying thing in the mail. Oh, yeah. Great. Okay. I thought Linda was, you know, very good, very entertaining. See, this could be the start of something new and exciting. It's kind of having the same old tired guest that you're up on all of the shows, you know, when the plant doctor and the nutritionist, we can have real living and breathing people from out of New Orleans. Right. Right. It's a good format. Exactly. Well, this is all I wanted to say. Well, that's all you needed to say. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. When that nice, yes? I love us in Helendale. She actually understood what we did. I mean, what is that sunny Rosenberg? No, he looks like a flaming faggle at a million. What does he know? A flaming faggle. A bird pass. One at Winds will come right back. Hello. Hello. She is. Yes. When is that? Hi. Hi, you're my little butterfly cop. Just wonderful. Yes. It was so nice to hear that. It's not my voice. Stay on the radio. Yes. Yes. I would like to meet someone like that to see if you look with an eye to the eyes way here. I'm waiting for the pope. So it's a tough half these days. Just the eyes have so snowed and I need a nice new bi. And nice young person to come by and help me with them way. Could you do that new bi? I'll slip it out. Yeah. Oh, no. It's not not a new bi. Just a young person. Ha. Help, help things amount. Ha. He's the pain. Now, me, I'm kind of used to it. I don't know if you pick up a man in the news today. About Bart Hamford and you mean. Right, right. Ha. No, I didn't pick it up yet. Good. On the opinion page, Mr. Kleinberg has a kind about how they can go. Really? Yeah. As it takes up, it takes up the three corners of the cage. Ah. A man is racked by a disease of the brain. Ha. Yes. And he is a hideous person. He's so agnestating out there with his hand. His grin on his face. He's just begging you to read this read. And I just crap, I think. I do think that. Now, Neil, that was I'm preparing a cake for you. I would like so much. I'm putting together some of my favorite tunes from the past. That I would so love for you to play. I think it would bring civility to this city. If you would play these things, and I am going to put this together for you. And I want to know, I would love to come over and make some deal at four of you. Ha. Yes. Ha. Ha. Yes. We're here. Neil. I'm just shocked. Well, I'm taking into that Alzheimer's unit. You have on the, the, the advocate. Ha. Ha. Okay, miss, time is of the essence. And I would so love to be there. You'd be, I think you'd be surprised that it is. How am I feeling? No, about things there. I know. For instance, over your right shoulder. There's a man in a gray seat on the wall. Is that right? Correct. Yes. I'm out. I'm sick. I'm like the monkey Dean. I can't see. I can't see. Yeah. I should have known it. You're one kid you have known. That this was Mickey Dean in drag. Oh, no. No. Mickey. He is. He is the concubine of Howard Khan, baby. Both of them. And the disease that they are forced to the prom, this kid. Oh, right. He had of it. It is time we go back to our big, big, big route here, drinking, eulits, and sleeping. Ha. Ha. Ah. And it's what is needed to bring the city back to us. But Stan wants to know. And then wants to know what the car is. I'm going to cover something. What we have to do is lock ourselves in the home. Close our windows and close our minds and sleep. Stan wants to know if their frogs are still jumping with Glee and Miami Shores. You know, not only of a frog jumping with Glee, we have a baby of dead children now because of what Governor Senator, we are sending a girl with a president Graham. It was a few weeks ago rolling up that with them on the floor and it's leaking back there. Oh, there's a tiny body part here there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The world for what he was doing because of mine. Then the body of a frog, right? He's a half-lead of the future. Governor Senator Graham has come in. Rune them. Oh, oh, oh. No, that his scats as worms got of all of the tofu. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Ending them this way in that way. You're fine, right? Children should be allowed to flop freely. They should not be fumbled by our standard. Oh, oh, oh. And then, and as we, the third there. The third. Yes. Yes. You cannot, we have to do a cry of this life. How does one come about this? I have tried and tried and I just cannot, I tried to do it. I tried and tried and I just cannot, I tried to, I tried to crackling so far. Five hours a day and the police are going on me. I just, I didn't know I'm the air doing it. What is it? I don't understand the secret of your success. Yeah. Well, it's just an amazing world we live in as it is. It is amazing. We're going to be in the space in a good summerly corner. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You have that sound. You have the sound of a little bit of a demo. Oh. Oh. Nothing. I'll be strange going on over there. And I hear these filthy scales, I'll say, These ugly filthy things. I have around the room there. Oh. It was neat catalog. It's something. It's something. It's catalog. You have there opening up and on the desk. I think it's the same for shameful. A meat catalog. Yes. Yes. I don't know what is it. It's a little bit of a box of catalog. There it is right there. And you will. Because you want sort of meat available in Europe. Well, right. Well, listen, it sure has always been, you know, exciting to talk to you. And they have a summer to be for a maternity stay. I know. Have a wonderful life. And we'll say hello to Senator for you. I will say hello to Senator. So you can expect it at Kate Neo. Okay. I take to A and about Kate. Okay. And I want to see the deal with you. I know. How are you? Point is this. Thank you, me. Okay. There she goes. This Miami sure is in rare form today. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah. Could this be that Kibase she was talking about. Yeah. Looks like it to make me. On our turn that Jeff Strikker opinion. Okay. Now you were about to ask me a question. But obviously, I made the right choice. Oh, yeah. As always. Yes. When I see Miami sure is believe me. That finger moves fast. I know. Just like Senator Graham. It's a good thing Senator Graham wasn't here when Chris and Gary were here, right? I've decided not to ask you the question. I would rather not. Why? It's okay. Well, I don't know what the answer is going to be. I'm afraid of what the answer is going to be. Now I have to go ahead and ask. It would become so whimper. She would hang it out with me too much lately. Is that what it is? Yeah. I would just curious. If when you are out in public and people do come up and talk to you. You ask you about me. That was all I was wondering. They don't. No. Okay. Now, I told you I was afraid to hear the answer. They don't ask you where the bird is. No. Okay. It's an honest answer. Only if I'm in front of like a pet store. Powerball. And they'll point to the two can and they'll say, can that be? And I'll say no. No. He's home. He's in his own cage. Okay. All right. What's more, Latterdale? Hello. All right. Okay. One thing I'm going on stands defense. Please. Okay. There are some things in the issue that you just don't offer that I think is much better. The news update. The news updates? They're much better than they have to know. Okay. Any have great commercials. All right. Okay. All right. I'll show you the message. You want? I have a tape of the butcher bear. Oh, yeah. That's one that some people are getting hysterical about. Oh, it's good. I haven't heard it. I can't say any, but this this jok from KGR cut into the last part of it. From what? KGR from KGR from KGR. KGR. WKGR. Maybe. What was that? I only put this in Zeta Forest so it does. Well, that's good. We like that. You're our kind of caller. Oh, yeah. Broken radio. Yeah. No. I want to know something about Stan. No. Asked and for me. If he holds Don's Johnson's picture up with one hand or does he save time? And actually maybe tape it to the bathroom wall. You know, I always wanted to ask him, but I'm afraid he'll give me a serious answer. If Don Johnson, you know, we're stupid enough and desperate enough, which he's not. No, seriously. No, no, wait a minute. Listen to me. If Don Johnson were foolish enough to come to Stan's home. Okay. And climb those two flights of stairs to the third floor, which he would never do. No. What would he do with him? You know, I mean, what what would he do if he hopped in the sack with Don Johnson? What would he do? That would be the end of his straight career. I'm sure. I think every time it comes on, he probably has to change his underwear. I don't know. Maybe he was a diver to save time. I know my girlfriend, she also is in love with the guy. I don't want to show and every time it comes on, she gets all excited. And I run into the bedroom sitting here and making a new pair of underwear. I'm sure you're going to need some. Well, see that's your problem. You should run to the bedroom. Give her something else. Stop the underwear. Yeah. I don't know. I don't like Don Johnson. I can't stand to wear shoes without socks. I don't like socks. Since I've been in Florida almost never wear socks. Of North, you'd never think of not wearing socks. But here, he is not wearing socks here. It's just not the thing to do. No, I know. I'm seriously. Oh, okay. Okay. Let's get serious. I stand major is a great guy. He's great looking. He's one hell of a talk show host. And I think the world of them. Okay. Okay. Well, he'll be over at about six or 30. Not finish it. Okay. I don't want to check. I want to catch. Okay. All right. It's in the mail. Thanks a lot. He wants to take it by the way. Yeah. Is it the Aeroble? I mean, is it called? I can tell you the tape. But yeah, it is. Well, they put your beer. Yeah. They've played it. They played it. But I read in very famous newspaper in a weekly news that there are some people who are upset about it. Well, that's life. I mean, it's something you've said about anything. Anybody does anyway. I mean, jeez. What's the difference? Who cares? Yeah, I don't care. Well, I'll send it to your planet. Okay. I'll put your home in. I'll put your home because he cut it before it was over. He's not sure. I will just play maybe we'll get him a job. You know, get him out of Palm Beach. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Oh, that's exciting. We're going to have the butcher beer thing. I haven't heard it. Now, if there are people at the weekly news listening, I don't want to get them upset. Because they sent me those big glossy pictures of Jason Tom Howell, sea Thomas from the Hitcher and Jason Getrick from heaven. All right. You're still cherishing those, aren't you? Well, especially the one, the picture Tom Howell was okay was good. I mean, these were really quality Hollywood photos glossy. These are the kind that Stan would take to the photo shop and have in large like to cover that whole wall over there. Oh, yeah. He does, by the way. I'm serious. You think that I'm joking. He has the, I don't know where he gets these pictures. Although he does have that camera that he brought in here. Yeah. But like almost at least twice a week. I'm not making this up twice a week. Well, let's go buy the Broward Mall. And even if you don't want to go in, you know, right between Jordan Martian Sears where there's the mall entrance, there's a, you don't know. You don't go to the hide-home. Live the place. Well, at any rate, there is a photo shop right inside the door. And I'll park up by Jordan Martian. I hope zip in there. It'll come out. And I have all these big. They're not new to anything. Right. But there these enormous enlargements that he has made. Oh, yeah. Of these pictures of young ladies. Yeah. Young ladies. Yeah. As a matter of fact, a stand this afternoon, thanks to the, not right to life, because the color had managed me as to be a, not the anti-abortion crowd, like Dr. Heffernin. He's going to have a group of female fetuses on his show this afternoon. It's going to be incredible. He's going to be interviewing unbelievable. Trolling for, what are these, just, but these pictures, you see? They're not very young. Very young. It's a picture. He takes in the Broward Mall. Is that what you're saying? No. I think in other words, I would walk around with him while he's got his camera. I'm standing in that tree inside the mall with his arms. They're like a gorilla, like a peering. Oh, if you could have seen that, that was worth a million dollars. I could have seen that picture. You know, I'm walking along. All of a sudden, I realized that he's mesmerized somewhere. And I turn around. And there he is, like, a perfect, perfect, you know, standing in the bushes, you know, looking through the tree and just hanging on the limbs, panting with his tongue down to his head. So, I don't think he's a perfect guy, I was, it was great. He has, matter of fact, we're going to be having a former i-95 Jock on next week when Chris and Gary come back from Mississippi. But, um, some wild things went on in that FM. What do they call that room? That's not FM production. What do they call it? The one where the tea lea, old. Now the tea lady did that was FM production. Now the other reason, the other reason, the one where the tea lea, old. The other room across the atrium is over here. Dubbed the FM dubbing room. The dubbing room? But that's where they got all the good equipment in there. Yeah. Also in production too. The FM production. Well, somebody used to work on I-95 thought it was the rubbing room. Not the dubbing room. Or maybe you could put them together, like rubbed up, because little kids like those kind of, with their little duckie and the, um, bath. The room you and I cut the commercial. And that's the FM. And every time I would walk down the atrium when I used to work at night, they'd be these little guys coming out of the dubbing room. It was really incredible. Young guys. One out of a little like 12 and 13. Wow. Yeah. Boy, this building. And I said, hey, what are you guys doing? Auditioning from a new door? He leavened before two at WI and ZAM. Not to be confused with anything else or any place else. Anywhere in this building, and we'll come right back.