And this is Tim Baker. Thanks for the call. It's fine, too. Here we go. We're talking, of course, about the, uh, I will take over. And, uh, I wonder how in the world they get the board of directors to be signed. I mean, we had a wonderful board of directors. Well, they told the board of directors that they would be liable for something, you know, what, on the exact same way they'd be liable or but threatened them. And, uh, scared the daylight out of them. Oh, don't say a joke. Oh, no. It's made that if they put a blue ribbon board in. A group of, uh, that I could choose that it would show good faith on my part. Are you had, uh, directed to work, uh, to work with the head of you? Yes. We had chosen, uh, they'll have a long time when we had chosen half of them, we had chosen. And, uh, every time, every time that you board, uh, I'll be back, huh? Back home boy. And, but, oh, they, uh, the alma mater, know jaws. What was I suppose that? The thinking for, even if it was a meaningful one, it all ranged change from my life. Allow to your no with a collision that keeps flowing... I thought it was easy and would have incorporated these two terrain forwards Do you hear what you hear? I thought you needed toなん do and read about the right details and I was going to be designed. We're so amazed by what was going on at the people who were loyal to us. Well am I touched? Aren't you touched? I think I've been touched by the hand of the Lord. Or by Gina's hand is the case, maybe Gina will touch both of you as she goes off. I'll end up. Hi. Tell us about Joey. Let's hear all about this. We want to give you an opportunity to straighten the story out because we know that people like to twist and manipulate and distort the people. Back guy who called you was wrong. He was absolutely wrong. We call me off the cuff and I wasn't listening to the show. So I had no idea whether he was ripping me or what he called. But... You mean you weren't listening to Joey? I wasn't. Wow. I requested the song. He played it on his show for a change. Wow. It was a bit of a lot more fun. We're seeing some of the pieces. I had a bit going on now. It is the four seasons. Did I do show him a tell of story? I thought that because I talked to the people. It's not his name. Oh, boy. Nick with me, Linda. Basically, I don't know what happened before he called me. But he said that why don't I write about him. And I said you gotta do something for a hit or write about him. I said like bump of building or something. Yeah, that would be a good story. Excellent. That's a good story. That's a good story. I don't write in this comment that we about DJs unless they really do something. You know, you know, sort of. Yeah. So that was like the whole phone call. And then he asked me to be on the show. And I said give me a couple of weeks. So, you know, I have stuff going and I'm too busy. That's all. Good for you. Who busy, too busy. Fresh him off. Yeah. So I'm going to be on. I guess eventually. But I can't be on a six-day. And Davey, you're going to drive to Davey. It's six a.m. I'm going to. I'm going to find that station. God. I'm going to be on the show. Yeah. You've been on the dial. Your collar was a little bit misled. The only thing that was true about that is that he kind of called me. I had no idea what he said about me before he called. And he kept me on the air for like 20 minutes. So I turned him that you were given him great publicity by playing that song like Every hour. And what did he say? He loved it. He played it for me. Good. Yeah. So he wants you to do a column strictly about him. Well, I told him. He has to do something for us. And once you call him strictly about somebody unless there's like a, you know, that's this a warrant for it. It has to be something for him. I think there are several out of it. No, that's it. I call him. It's fair because I'm on everybody show when they asked me that's all. I've noticed that Linda. Well, it's getting to be too much. She's becoming a regular superiors. I'm not. You know, it's that you never said it was too much. Lendon to you appeared on the Jeff Charles show. Well, that was too much. That was not great. How did that go by the way? Because when I got off, you were already gone. I took it right in. Kind of boring. Really? Well, you know why you didn't get the numbers and like there was no lines with nice. Oh, but that's the way it is on that show every day. You know, when I'm on like, just show us stuff the lines. I'll let up. Yeah, I thought that was clear. Well, now Linda, let me ask you. Let me just, I mean, really. Yeah. You know, we're all friends, right? Yeah, kind of. Yeah. Let me refresh the statement. We know each other for a long time. That's much better. All right. Much better. What? Who's your favorite show to be on? Of all the shows in the city? Well, I've said what my favorite show is anyway. The fact that I answered the phone thing, I know it's you. I'm, uh, she's listening. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I have to do. I have a two o'clock appointment, but I hung around waiting for you to call me. So thank you. Thank you, Linda. Says it all. Have a wonderful life. That's it, indicate. Okay. All right. I'll read the judge. I'll be there. I think she's summed it all up there. Yeah. Very nicely. Okay. All I guess the guy in the mobile. I'll just wait and hear the answer. Yeah. I'll hear the judge. Yeah. I'll hear the judge. All right. Your show. So thank you. Yeah. I'll hear the judge. Yeah. I'll hear the judge. All right. Your show. Yeah. Say we go, I'll go, please. Just watch me. I'll go, I'll go, please. I'll go, please. Come on. That's it. Let's find it. For you. All right. Here we go. Your show. So thank you. Yeah. There you go. For you. All right. So. Here we go. There you go. Good. Well, what do you think? Right, think it'll get up. The Northwater. Okay. By the four listeners. Come on. This is the Neal Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions? Come on. Come on. Hey, buddy. Come to the belly. Oh, he's a little bit like a white boy. What you hear is not some cop. It's me and my body's doing that up. Maybe all but we are not stable. Go by the name of the E.D.P. My name is Max and I was able to talk some of the world's best like P.A.A. I am at the bus. I am at the breakfast. Me, you were never at play. Oh, hot towels. More towels. Condemnion. Rapper P. Level a hill. Even in the slumps. Back to the interdition too. Hit this door on the scene. Would you believe? Go by the name of Frank Falsen. Do it right now. Do it right now. Anybody ever get pushed from sleeping here at the age limit. You're there. Hey, I got a note. Wait here the name is shame. I wouldn't call her. I should. To be go at people often touch confusion. Be there good here, put. I got a son who's attacked him. Fun who's a boy and fun who's a fool. Bum. He's got a condo on three mile island. Hey, how could he be so dumb? Now I got him promised me that I'd put him through clouds. Even took a second job at night. Get the highlight this morning. I kissed you a Tuesday evening, right? Now let me introduce you to the small world that told. It's not big deal. He's just a slum. Who's names can fit that joke. Take it away, your son. And he was busy, and he didn't put it. He's like, man. He uses so much oil. You think she's very full, man. She makes chopped liver. That runs like a river in a month or about way, the A. And every time your blink is as you put smoke, you don't you play it. So you tell her that joke. Stop this a good thing she says. That's okay. I said, but if I can't, if you don't eat, I slayed in the kitchen. Oh, then everybody's shing. Hold just smoke. Tell the condo mini-hugs. I'm happy. He and Belly, girls and I own it in their slums. Okay, there they go. And on circus no less, this is the festival of fruit. Have you strung your fruit yet this morning? Working on it. Okay. It's a kind of an advanced tenant, W.I. and Z. And I'm really, I feel very bad about Amy having to depart there because she's wonderful and Amy, we're sorry. What can we say? Amy Huggins from Channel 4. Are you, is your mic on? Yeah. Okay, you're positive. We used to figure out. And there's still going to be the building. The other end of the building starting Monday morning on FM on Zeta. And of course, Zeta has gone through some rocky times. It's like this morning. Is that the weed? Or is it really? Wait till tomorrow morning when they have that. What are they going to call it? The great breakfast club assassination plot or something like that? Yes. Whatever it is. And what's going to happen is that their caravans going to be attacked by a runaway S. That hops out of the grassy knowle and just totally strikes them down and renders them impotent. And that's going to be kind of the end of the breakfast club. But do we have no personal likes to run? I couple of those people are still going to be working here, right? In the building. Yeah. They have Capri, just going to be doing weekends on Zeta, is that what he said? That's correct. And Scott of course, going to be in the afternoon, which ought to be, He ought to be pleased about. He should. But after he came in here and mooned us, we're not going to promote him. I'll tell you that. No. But anyway, we're going to be on 6 to 10 in the morning on Zeta 94.9. See now we can start saying that with a certain degree of something. That's right. And there's going to be obviously some changes over here, right? Obviously. One would think, you're not going to still do this show. No addition. It's amazing. The number of people who said to me like in the last 24 hours when I've discussed this. Now that it's all over the closet. Oh, in other words, you're going to do 6 to 10 on FM and 10 to 2 on AM. And now those people in addition to needing a lobotomy. I mean, what are they talking about? You know, they say to me, is this in addition? Yeah. That's the way they put it. Right. Or is this in place of? Yeah. Let me tell you now, it is instead of this show. Now this show will still be here with a different host. J. Michaels is going to be here from 10 to 2 every day. And of course, J is a radio veteran according to that memo. I wonder if he likes that word veteran. Makes him sound like a real old timer. Do you know what I'm saying? Go on, not that old. But anyway, J. Michaels is going to be here in J. It was just telling me only moments ago that he is not into issues. He's not issue oriented. He's an entertainer. And so I am going to imagine it's still going to be an entertaining show. And of course, Dan will still be on from 2 to 6. So we're going to be on the show. And we're going to be on the show. And that will be what's going on on the AM. So to recap. Recap. As we send shockwaves through the community. We are. You betcha. Shlockwaves? Now this is not shock radio. We're going to be doing the same show. It's not going to be a music show. It's not going to be a 16-year-old on Zato. It's basically the same thing that we've been doing. It's going to be a top show on FM. I know that there are some people maybe even in the building who would recoil at putting it in those terms. Don't you think? If I said talk show on FM. Like who for example? Well, I don't want to mention any names because everything is going so well. But you know, there are some people who kind of resist that. But it will be a talk show on FM. And we might play one or two records an hour. Maybe some hours one. Maybe some hours none. Just like me. All depending on what the hell we want to do. Just like me. Right. And Lee Jolette's going to be on with us. And of course, we have a little surprise for Lee that he's not with new nickname for him. But we ought to give him an idea. The most of know who Lee Jolette is because you've had him in here. Sure. Embarrassing him something fierce. It's a guy I used to work on. I worked on. Voice that's just unbelievable. And now I continue with Neil Rogers sweet. 16 Neil Rogers in a row. Without music. Phone call. Commercial. Or Glenn Hill Interruption. Thank God. 94 WI. And of course we figured we have Lee in there to kind of butcher up the show a little bit. Oh, absolutely. So we can run the full gamut now the full spectrum. Right. But I ought to be on one end and he'll be on the other end of the spectrum. And you'll be like in the middle like ambiguous. As usual. Like nobody can figure out what this is about ambivalent. ambivalent. And bevelent. But Lee nice to work together when I used to work on the FM. The first time I was deciding I'm sure the audience is very thrilled to know that. I'm sure everyone remembers. Because if we have to take the rest of the show to tell about everybody you've worked with and all your old friends in radio. Well, the auto. All the radio is being the off position. But the whole city might be an A. Oh, the other way. Speaking of Stan, we had at Mr. Lee's last night in sunrise. Yes. Pine Island Road and Open Park Boulevard. Excellent Chinese. I'm talking about it for many, many months. Yes. It was seven o'clock. There was one other couple in there. I mean, there's nobody in there. You're getting to wonder what's going on in this town. I mean, food was sensational. In fact, Stan got Sesame Beef, which was really, they made special for him. Nobody goes town. The whole town looks like a ghost town. So maybe it's a good thing we're going to FM. We might be able to find some living and breathing people over there. Maybe. Yeah. And there are a lot of advantages to being on FM. One of them being, of course, the fact that you don't get the crackling and popping and puking and even inside of a building, you can hear the FM, which is frightening. You know, I want to start knocking the AM now because that would be unfair because the station does have a 43,000 watt signal during the daytime. It's supposed to be 50, but the memo keeps saying 43,000. But AM does have, that's disadvantage. We give it a third building. Give it a seven thousand watt city FM, didn't we? Yeah, there are 107,000. I don't know. Don't tell the commission that, because they're not supposed to be. I think it's temporary. But yeah. I'll just to give us off to a good start. As we were starting with a handy cap, you don't understand that. What's that? Two in tomorrow morning and fight out. Okay, 10,000, 10 of winds. We'll come back and we'll kind of clarify all of this for you for those of you who are still all the radio people who want, you know, if anybody in the business calls and has any questions. Oh, they may be all the happy to answer them for you. All are ready. I'm going to call in all the radio. Maybe Jerry Sullivan would like to call in explain why he hasn't called Bill Caller back to loan him a book. Good happen. You think you would? I don't want to dwell on that, Jerry, but you know, it's a little embarrassing when you owe somebody a thing and you've been kind of co-conspirator and getting them in a desperate situation. And then you turn your back as if you can't face them. You know, that happens in this business over and over again. Yeah, because I was telling you the story this morning and you kind of knew ahead of time what the pieces of the puzzle were because it that's the way this business is. And that's why I keep warning all the young people who keep threatening to get him this business. Don't do it. Trust me. Don't do it. Ever. Hello. Wins. Boy, they're desperate to get through this morning. Are they they're even calling on a bat-line? Like that call is from Kendall. You think so? I have my suspicion. Our superchild is not in school this morning. You never in school. He's too busy. He's right. He is writing a book. Of course. I wonder what the title of me. Okay. Let's take these calls. What do you say? Let's give the numbers out in day six, two, four, nine, four, hundred and a broad five, two, four, nine, four, hundred. It'll be interesting to see how many of our people see. I imagine that a lot of you folks who are working people who like have to sneak a listen here and there. We'll have a lot more time to listen in the morning. Even though it'll be a different cut. You won't be just sitting down and listening. But, you know, as you're shaving, especially you women, as you're shaving in the morning and driving. You're getting ready and doing all that stuff. You have the radio on in the house and then as you're driving to work. And then you get in the office the first hour from night to ten. Most people start working nine, right? Yeah. And you'll be able to hear the FM inside the building. Amazingly enough. Pickly now. We follow. We follow. Probably call us. Please. Okay. Don't do not clean boy. Nobody takes a pole like he does. I'm miss Lee. No. No. I will say this. I want to say this in all fairness because Lee and I never saw it. Well, many times did not see eye to eye. The disaster was a talk show. Yeah. But he did call Bill Colner yesterday and I'll give him a little tip on some job or some at least, you know, is nice enough to care. That's good to hear about somebody in the business who's been really screwed over royally. And, you know, I'll give Lee something for that. There may be some humanity there after all. That's good. Well, it's opposed to some people like Jerry Sullivan. I don't want to keep mentioning his name. I don't want to rub it in. I don't want to dig and tear. You know what I'm saying? Come on, Jerry. You know, the SRDS. I mean, that's a book. Okay. Like a book. Right. Standard rate and data. Like if you want to buy some spots in, uh, what, Bethlehem PA or something. You mean, like Bill could have just zero. Do we want to buy some spots in Bethlehem PA? Why not? Let's promote it big. We can be big in Bethlehem PA. You never know. It's going to be interesting. The first call. You think it's going to be a celebrity or not? No. No? From Hollywood? Never know. Hollywood. Hello. I know. I'll be so pissed. Hey, it is a celebrity. Your whole story was blown on the channel six news of 10 o'clock last night. Really? It was. They're even had a good. Doing they told about you going on the, uh, the, uh, FM going to be the first tall coast program in the area on FM. Where did they get that from? I wonder. I don't know where they got the photo from. He's laughing up. Didn't get it from me. I don't know anybody at Channel six that speaks to me. They had it down there. I don't why. Even Mark Didino doesn't speak. It only took us two months to get him that jacket. You know, like I mean, he was sending one. At Walman, I have a little news for the bird. Has he seen mosquito coach? No. Oh, you got to see it. River seen X's in it. And he's. Oh, here we go again. And this is under work again in a dirty old river. It is like six years older. Something. We're not in the that stuff on the share. Why are you telling that to me? Because you're a pervert. That's why he's telling it to you. We don't know either. Perfect. Well, look at that press conference. I think we're up. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't do it. I'm going to the shape now. Press conference for all TV stations at 3 p.m. This afternoon here. Here. So I'm just telling you that. So you can watch something other than Channel six. Okay. Right. Thanks a lot. Wait a minute. What? Look for the show on FM. Thank you. Great. Okay. That was worth it. First listener. Should we write them down like the ones who are going to listen in the morning? Like take pledges. Because that's a big improvement over what's going on up there now. Just a little joke. No, I'm not there ripping the hell out of us. Something fierce up there. Something frantically. Jeff Chase came up to me and shook my hand and congratulated me and wish me the best. Good. And we wish him the best. Sure. Right. All of them. All of who? All of the people. Okay. My name. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Is it going to be the same time slot? Ten o'clock. Sir, can I ask you a question? You have wax in your ears? Didn't I say six to ten a.m. Or you weren't listening? You were kind of... It's been the all- Dozing off. But it's in such shock that it wants to went right through me. Six to ten a.m. Like morning drive, you know, like when re-eleiving and breathing people is into the radio. Well, this is your friend from cellular hostailers. Yes. Now that you're going to be bombarded probably with the right of morning people like Sony Frost probably calling you up to join your crew. Yes. Son of your probably call us every morning. I would imagine. And you're the reaches. You're dealing the whole day. I'm the whole, uh, entourage of, uh, 10 a.m. What? Yeah. I wanted it and set up an installation today. Great. Well, I'll be here. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Wait. I've been working on this. Okay. I'm going to bring you in the boys. And uh how about 12 o'clock? Excellent. We'll be looking for what baited breath. What do we. Thank you. And by the way, there are a lot of hungry people in this building. I just mentioned that in passing. No, don't whatever you bring will be fine, you know Okay, Neil, we'll see you at Slovakot. Thanks a lot. Okay, bye bye. I think you can find food scrambled with noon on that takes care of lunch. Yeah, we have two open lines in day. Look at that That's not a very good omitted to probably altering over to FM now. Get the feeling that some of them are a little slow like Why did he talking about I'm serious. I know you are and I think they are too Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. What's up, Gates? I mean guys. Oh, this guy real comedian. Just a little joke week real small in you know what I mean Limb listen, I wonder what you real small I know that kind of going around these days pal. Yeah listen, I want it to have a bird something He said he said that word in Bivolent a little bit earlier Yeah, that's like bisexual no it is well That imbibilent did he get I want to ask him if he got that from moonlighting No, I actually know Words in your whole can I better in my vocabulary that I don't get from TV excellent very good. Okay. I know it's hard to believe Would you like me to throw another one at you? Well, let me ask you are you gonna be listening in the morning on FM me? Yeah, yeah, the only thing I'm sad about is that you're not gonna be up against the same time Lot of joy Reynolds you could blow him off the air. I am gonna be in the same time slotted joy Reynolds So then he go from or you can be from six to ten. Yes, maybe we mean need I don't don't I I have a little problem I guess articulating today. That's a word I picked up from moonlighting Six a.m. to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday five days only, but you know you'll have to make do So you're gonna blow him off the air. I mean well, so to speak in ratings wise. Yeah. Yeah That's good. Yeah, I don't like him too much good. You have good taste sir Yeah, I'll screw him you know what I'm saying yeah, because you see you know you seem to be a cool guy I am you know, I'm a dude, but still I know you're older. I'm real But what is what is he you want to make a date? What is this? Are you trying to make a date? I'm straight. Don't I don't remember stop anybody before? No, you know I have male friends that are friends in my house. Oh, but you know, yeah So I really don't think that. Absolutely. Thank you. A nice guy or a cool guy or anything and be asking you for a date. Right. That's true. It was just a joke like your joke at the beginning of the call. Okay. I see it like even's itself out Okay, where are you? And no. Okay. No, you sound like a great guy to me. Yeah. I'm my name is Tony. I'm uh I don't brother. You're what? Oh, this is Adam's brother. He is a good guy. We spoke to Tony before is a great guy. Is a great I like to be a guest sometime, but you know, well, it's going to be a little difficult now. Yeah, you know a lot of people everybody wants to get on yeah We'll give us a chance to get our feet wet over there. So that's yeah That's that's another thing I wanted to say yeah. I have like an $800 stereo in my car great all Real mics and everything and the AM just doesn't catch now. It sucks and like in the car Well, you just wait man Zeta really sounds like an honest-a-god radio station. Oh, yeah I hear it inside and stuff. Yeah, I can hear it inside. Is that a miracle? Yeah, I'm in like a real radio station. Huh? I said you're really enjoying well listen Tony. It's great hearing from you give our best to Adam. Yeah Why do you sound so dejected now me? Yeah, you sound like dejected yeah because Like this call wasn't good for you or something because I you know I was kind of give you the good trip about about I'm because I want to be a guest and I'm trying to give you the good trip by saying you know, but everybody wants to No, I promise you that one Okay, let me just put it to this way no chance You feel better all right You got a good razor blade. I can use a snap We'll send it right over. We'll slip it under the door. Take care of yourself Tony. All right, bye bye And then of course Joey will be working in North Tauna Wan to bartending Wouldn't it be something if you want to work in a bar in the group was the rock and rebels? There was playing in the house. Oh, that'd be something oh, it's all those you know 50s in 60s groups are coming back now Like in Eddie and the cruisers which will be reviewing next hour by the way Joey Hello, it's a call from Davy How you doing? I yeah Congratulations gentlemen. Thank you. What do you uh cackling about? I I didn't hear you cut it on the phone so I just Well, we caught you in mid-cackle. I was really good. Thank you. Thank you I was gonna say I Wondering it's you're gonna get any more material from your FM pal. Now, it's you're gonna be at that Absolutely in fact we expect everybody on the FM band now do with it's a obligatory Because of he honestly the sunny hasn't sent us a damn thing other than the athletes foot postcard Which are not too bad Sunny has sent us same Tanner didn't send us any mostly did but Tanner has sent us nothing Right, I'm disgusted with right and we expect material from all the other stations and I'll be honest with you We got this eight billion dollar voice synthesizer in a back and what we'll do if they don't want to send us They will just make it up and make it sound like that. You know great idea Yeah, as a matter of fact I put together a thing the other day myself with my voice on it I want you to listen to this very carefully With that expensive equipment and this is how it came out. It's a good time Great to see you guys better look out because we really got them on the run I'm so sorry for Joey. He never should have bought that house with this salary anybody who's been fired as many times as Joey I should know you never buy a house never tried to warn him. Yeah, we told you Joey What's the uh the lineup gonna be after you on the FM? Well, let's see Jeff Gons is still gonna be on a 10 and the Scott Scott was here is gonna be on two to six Yeah, and the Gene Cashman will still be there six to ten and Gene by the way has been playing and I'm This is gonna sound disingenuous but I did say it to her when she was on with Stanley other They play in much better music at night. They claimed that there has been no change But I actually have heard some of those records before and then a 10 o'clock Casey McCoy Casey McCoy and In the moon man the moon man the humoon who Peter Peter moe whatever's I call him Tom moon. Yeah, that like Yes, but we know it. I'm moon from Scott moon who was in here the other afternoon moaning for America Good type of a moon man. Yeah, and that's it and of course Peter moon has a lot of spare time Over night puts on a lot of long cuts tracks through the CDs and that goes into the attract room and finds a little You know a little bits that I've done and put some on the air. It's good nice job Peter Just remember you'll have to face this every morning Peter. That's right 5 a.m. It's 6 a.m. Whatever the hell it is What's the story on the am is staying gonna stay over there stand will be here from two to six every afternoon like clockwork Clockwork. Yep That's exactly like Santa over here same thing same story Try to control yourself for you please You haven't figured out who the digit have you no All right well, I'll just say goodbye and then I'll wait a minute. We can't do that who is this? No, what he's famous is it's a somebody we're supposed to know You know me Do I know who is who it is? Who is it? You know who this is I'm not saying must be slow to that you don't know who you're going to decide to do I'm not your writer. Okay. Yeah. Good time to get out. Who was it? Give me a hint. I don't have to say it. I know is it something we can't say no. Well, I'm you know when famous It's no one famous give me a clue Not that kid from Boka. No What is his name Eric? Eric will be pleased to know on Zeta. We have a Boka line that's right We have Dave Broward and Boka lines on Zeta. Yeah, that's the word of old free free of charge Wow, won't that be something that's great? We can set an I do a friend and Boka. I think that line covers Palm Beach Some of our like yes, South Palm Beach yeah, cuz Boka is in Palm Beach County like maybe over on Elton Road Exactly in the beaches and of course we didn't want anybody to know but we I guess we have to let this out knock is Channel six got a clearance Who does the helicopter reports an IOD will be joining us in the morning not on the air just for coffee Don't know We have a landing pad and launching pad up on the roof now That's what all that noise has been the last couple of months even you didn't know that but they've been building a launching pad for the helicopter The clearance stop by for you know a couple of bagels some cream cheese He's a real goyer chicada guy and we can't wait for that my amy hello Good morning. Yes, sir. Congratulations. Thank you For what I have absorbed this morning You're not going to be on Sundays anymore are you? Your architolis near sir congratulations. You're not on Sunday anymore not anymore now So I bet you've got to have the A increase what is that oh, yeah, I got to get great pay extra for not working on Sunday Yeah, and that the purpose of that some Couple extra bag to see right little hearts mountain there was a little cuttlebone in his box this morning finally yeah And he's been clawing on it ever since asking it asking it for that But they're coming through this guy started out Taccularly, but I think he's up. What is that club? club This guy you know how he's degenerating started out like a real good call or like if I'm falling apart Yeah, but I like it Yeah, I like that Excellent oh, it's love yeah, good keep it up listen we got only three hours and eight minutes to go Anything else is that it what say it again? He was great he was one of my favorites boy I hope we can count on him for a lot of calls in a morning Miami hello Morning Neil yes, sir and good morning Glenn good morning Congratulations, sir. Thank you so much. It was obvious Yeah, it was obvious I guess this that's that's why didn't come on here like with trumpets and uh All of that stuff everybody I guess knew about it for the question is how long have you been running the radio station because this is not management's idea This is definitely your idea no believe it or not. It's their idea you're kidding me no well Sooner or later everything becomes management side to you in other words you plant the seeds in about a year or two later They wake up with the brain they get in the blossoms they wake up with a brain storm and everybody says ah How we knew that they'd come up with a great idea Well, it's like moving our lean Ross and Mike woke to the morning there you go and and it all still sounds like your idea Somewhere back there any no, it's not my idea in fact I never dreamed that they were gonna ask me to do morning drive we had talked about Simul casting and doing the midday show on AM and FM yeah, I'm really gonna do that a couple weeks ago and then Well, yeah, and now I understand why they didn't want to do it because they didn't want to Calls any commotion tip their hat or whatever And so how does it feel to have two radio stations to be on the entire Miami market? Well, that'll be great. I guess like we can do a seven in the am can do a three and that'll be great Well, you don't think the am's gonna drop that much to you. No, I was just that's just a little joke, you know It's gonna pick up all the rats can be fantastic what I'm an opt-in must be a good feeling for you all it certainly is Fantastic you got it there Look forward to hearing you. Thanks a lot. Bye bye bye Seven minutes before 11 at WI and Z my favorite call of the morning so far was the Shlob Me too actually was a pretty funny call. I didn't realize that he was I guess he intended to be That was unintentional humor the last part. What are you in the beginning? I guess yeah, even the beginning he was pretty bizarre Of course he wasn't Davey. I think wasn't I don't remember probably calling from Joey's trunk Okay, let's take our last break. We have another break boy. Oh boy. We've got to get used to this. We'll come right back This is the Neal Roger show This is your brain Any questions? What's a question? Well look at this Jim Skyler is on the line here. I can't believe it from hot 105 good morning sir Believeable. Yep, and we want to congratulate you and G where real sorry, but we'll only be providing you with any Oh come on Jim what a bad sport. You know your stuff has been so good you wouldn't want to stop getting an exposed Would you well? Yeah, it's kind of indecent exposure in it. Well, I would say this we're not really gonna be competitors because you're audience Get our tends to skew a little ethnic do I? Is that a good way to put it? Oh? It's not no no Very younger. It's skews younger. Yeah younger ethnic Boy, I we got both of them on there right now is Dan McCay on here, too right here babe. Hey How you doing? Not bad how are you? Why do you guys are doing a great job? I got an idea why don't we just corner the market? We'll promote your show you'll promote ours and then we just to get the whole audience, you know I hear you man to how with those other guys Was it you that we saw and oh, I can't believe it you recognize that voice anywhere I'd you ran was it you did the push the good I thought the FM Most of you an impression will be a film and a brand-new crush Here's the hometown weather For about hot 105 now you guys do not competitors you got all those young ethnic rockin and rollin and the scratch and you do know that scratch stuff Well, you know, but if you scratch it'll never heal So and you know the good part of the whole thing is the best part of the deal is that you guys get off at nine So that'll give you a whole hour listen to us every day get material for the next morning We can't listen to you for four hours and steel stuff no just for one hour a day from nine to ten When you guys go well, what do they call that when they put that they had the promo the cause of underneath say There's nobody alive you're now and don't ever call it here after nine something like that, yeah But you guys are doing a great job Well, thank and I'm not saying that to hose you or anything else, but you really are you doing a sensational job. Yeah, yeah, yeah They're fact the Birch Monthly that just came out showed us beating sunny fox for the first time well that sounds good I always like Tom Birch, you know what I'm saying anybody that's beating sunny. I make me the birch a lot more credibility with me So Jim you're not gonna do the Glenn Hill disease We were looking so forward to that. Well, it's the possibility. I don't know and at see now that the whole complexion of this phone call has changed Well, you guys picked up I was instructed see I'm the I'm the Glenn Hill of this show And my boss told me Collin Rogers and tell them Congratulations, but we're not providing it with any more material because he's competing with a lot of them You know, no sooner do we get on the radio that my house and I want to talk to about Now we don't have time for the ruff on the news next hour But we'll just a little preview things to come whatever you can do Jim. Yeah. Well, okay Whatever little bits believe me will give you full credit fine. Okay, great We may have distorted a little bit in the synthesizer, but we'll see what we can do Listen in the in the words of George Wallace you guys keep rocking will keep rolling Thank you so much, gentlemen Everdick 1.3 have a wonderful life. Okay, there they go Unfoldable Okay, here he comes Mr. humor now and the good humor man Michael Fissier with local and area news headlines World news from CBS including every spot in the rack at 11 and then we'll come back at 116 with more celebrities as we celebrate here on wins Hey, young man I think you're hanging around my house and I want to talk to him. I'll let you do me something here now Yeah, I want to put it this way. Yeah, why did you who did the push-in Put the stains upon the cushion foot prints on the dashboard upside down Hey, what was it you you broke a bill been messing with my daughter Jill if it was you'd better leave this town Well, you got to say yes I did your pushing put this thing Your phone your pushing put went on your dashboard upside down Yeah, yeah But think to miss in with your daughter I bet double passing water, so I guess we're even all around I want to know one thing is tomorrow gonna be a little off Friday on Zeta Come on it's 11 away to WI and see the mail what a mountain of mail today Huh like the purple mountains majesty those guys it how one oh five are good? You know They were very funny they are I'm not just saying that I know Always funny now speaking of funny I have something here which should Dennis from Atlantic advertising brought by Something I had missed probably because I don't read the herald and Add that you might be interested in Birds and exotic head doctor Terry parrot owner Dr. Parrot Not polyparrot Terri parrot owner of pebric park animal clinic I listen today is Thursday right yes I had a look at the log to make sure Every Thursday is bird sexing day Know your birds sex It says They is not really no repeat Thursday. It is bird sexing Thursday also I didn't know that that boy is that appropriate for this show because we've been Wondering This may and wondering for months so let's keep that handy we might even call Terry parrot little bit later on For a lot of Dale hello How are you doing on cookies? Yes sir. Did you get the cookie built this morning or the one the cookie you know a little hot behind the house Suckie yeah, what is this man talking about are you speaking English? What is this? The last picture. Those have been done. Thank you on the move upstairs I get our downstairs Or call her up front Up front okay near the exit I don't know the plan I'm going to stay back the same same show it's the same show sir. It's a talk show Yes, but I know that not just one because Normally speaking is this a talk show over you. I usually wait for you on the floor And I'm worried about the fact that I'm going to be driving into work now in the morning and Under the car right But I'll be honest with you. I hope you'll call us in the morning because boy this Really make people jump up out of bed if they hear a call like this better than alarm clock I just I can't want to take in regulations and we've been listening to show here it work Go the last couple of months now And fight it very enjoyable excellent and I the only other thing I was Concert with though is that you got to be careful about playing the Joey theme too much Yeah, somebody turns on of the dial there and here's a Joey theme. They may look for another station Yeah, either they'll feel like they're in Buffalo Oh Well listen we'll be looking for you. We can count on you right sir Okay, thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay, we're up to about five listeners now for the FM show on set And it's interesting to me six to 10 a.m. Is that confusing? Well, I did because Mark just asked me What time I was going to be on? We said morning drive and isn't that six to 10 a.m? I mean, isn't that what they told us most markets? Yeah six to 10 in the morning Six to 10 a.m. I got says in the book isn't it? Yeah It's generally what I thought the morning drive time I just because they're gonna put Mike and Arlene on from five 30 to 10. You know, that's the way it is an a.m. Radio you got a squeeze all the blood you can yeah Boy, this is I'm looking at this male here a little on the desperate side of the Mobile Mobile Oh yeah, how you doing? How you doing? Okay, hey, no, we got a problem here. What is it? We go down the intercost that we got to essence your ship Okay, every day we turn yarn our gift is very upset really He has nothing to do now between the nine and twelve. Well given what do you mean between nine and twelve? I'm gonna be on from nine to ten That's right. Well, I'm dead to twelve nothing to do and fake we won't be a talent day all every single day And we put this show in the loudspeakers past the condo really What can I tell what tape it and replay it for those who missed it for those are just getting up? tape it and replay it, you have to think the key up and watch the sailor here. Okay Okay, Captain how you doing? Pretty good. I stopped I'm much out there at the ice cream shirt a couple weeks ago. I give you a passing amount of trip Remember that oh yeah, you bet yeah, when you're gonna come see it one of these days when you're least expected All right, you see we can free now, right? You bet okay. We'll be looking for it. Yeah, I'm worth the boat Okay, thanks a lot. Okay. We're gonna miss you. We're gonna tape you up now Don't don't say you're gonna miss me. You're gonna be up early in the morning you uh Really you voted because then I'm gonna play it back so I can listen to you I'm a way to win a great idea great idea. That's a great idea. Okay. Thank you a lot, Captain. All right. Bye bye. He sawed his own problem. There was a capon Get a lot of cards today Green card not I'm just in a still a shock. What a meal. What all the cards are saying oh I have goosebumps. It's like when the Pope was here and our Carlson was on channel 10. I have these goosebumps by flesh is just the goosey water. Hello Hello, yes, sir. How are you? Good. That's a good luck. Thank you. Our time listener first time call Great and they'll I don't die off my and I'm taking three a the Jewish journalist morning Talk radio defamation and to great Does it my am a radio station WING as a priest and men been right there as a follow-in Is that sick the number six ridicul of the eddy and Ethnic minority oh yeah, right now. They got a great great sense of humor obviously I didn't know if you want me to marry oh I'd love to see that yet. We can do a whole bit on that Yeah, and I'm in the college six class every morning That's 94.9 right you got it right on the beam Okay, but what's your racial male is two WZTA Miami Three three oh five five okay, thanks a lot. I'm a good circus new two Bye and happy circus to all somebody in a payphone and ages but just before I get to that Just before I get to that I want to open this from email can bully Oh, stand and I stopped there after mr. Lee's last night for dessert and the suzzette was there and oh they got a new flavor They got blueberry now blueberry. Oh boy with a little marshmallow on top. It's enough to Like a yeah, oh this good shit certificate beautiful. Thank you letter from our good friends Thank you for the phenomenal publicity you and your staff have given us in the past month Told you it takes an egg ring takes a little while sometimes This is nice. No, this is very nice. I told you that Do the health reasons I was unable to get this. Thank you. No, I'll see. I told you that Can thank you so much see it's all even it's I even been two weeks since we did that so much it takes a couple weeks Does now they're okay Yeah, and so that's okay And Michelle is oh I like the show that's as far as I'm going okay. No, they have a new young lady that was there last night was very pleasant But though the guys now they're okay. Come on give them a break. They're all still there and they're working like crazy And they would love to us go for you now. What is this? I wonder from the Sun Sentinel Models 100 to $500 a day to stay in here's your chance babies kids team adults Oh boy better not read that on here. Okay. Here's a pay phone and Ojuse. Hello Good morning Neil how are things an Ojus sir? Oh, it's well it's a little depressing But I don't want to take a morning to Glenn also don't want to leave Glenn out why not? Well, he's becoming an interbore part of your Unfortunately that's true. Yeah, we can't we can't even get him surgically removed I'm in city at a day Glenn just got in and you had gone and Blue all my material and anyway why what I wasn't here? Well you had you had you had you had it in just before the show ended and you were Helping stand do something or something. Oh, yeah, look for a Don Johnson's phone number Better earlier in the day that you would hope for a phone call from Ojus so I had a call You're done wait a minute. Did you hear that? That was a classic the no changes Wow It's been a great year and I wish you guys a lot of luck. I'm gonna have to say goodbye. Why is that? Well, I work nights and you're oh God Good night in my schedule. Well actually it's good for me because now that my life isn't going to be revolving around your program I'm gonna have time, you know to do to go on get a life Yeah, get into some of my other endeavors like candy capping and things like that, you know, and And Anyway I don't even even I don't even have anything funny to say that's good need to wait I'm receiving it all we're not giving any more lines on the AM you know We're gonna be on the FM payrolls, so we're saving it all from Monday Well, I said have a very good one and I hope you're next year is as good as this past one. Thanks a lot have a great life. That's a great wish Okay 1118 at W i and z and the want to thank lowest lane for a Really nice card. Oh, yeah, that's just a cute little joke. Just a joke. I remember her. Do you yeah the interior decorator We got a lot of interior decorators listening to the show. I think she's the only female It's 1118 in winter Gonna take a little commercial break when we come back probably gonna have all kinds of celebrities calling it a day Don't you think I'll probably build Tanner or call it or the Greg bottle I'll put a little bone Jerry Sullivan Jerry Sullivan will be calling probably something fog now sunny. This is one of the days we would put sunny on wouldn't wait rare You betcha, so if sunny wants to get it on that mobile wall, we'll put them right on Dealer participation this is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Any questions What's your question 21 past 11 at W i and z what are you uh, I know that you're taking money out of envelopes and all kinds of good stuff Well, you're having a great time Do you need this is something we're gonna be missing Yeah taking money out of envelope no mail call. Oh, yeah, I think what we'll do now. I think what we'll do is we'll wait Until the following morning and we'll do it spontaneously which will slow things down a little but that's okay I think it's somewhat open to mail on the year. I am joy that I think I think the audience enjoys Yeah, give me a chance to totally ignore the Followed and you together Which is a big plus Yeah, I would miss one there's a there are just look at that. I can't read that on the air. That is disgusting just some horrendous Let me see that boy's has yeah Boy oh boy kick out the jammies Looks like it's out of hustler. Maybe we can get the MC five on you know. They're always having guests in there Remember the MC five? No, you don't kick out the jams. Sure. I thought you were in the music. I remember you don't know the Five from yeah, they did some kind of rock road test things on stage That's like a In other words uh, I think I just heard the helicopter They are Clarence just landed on the watch you bet. I know a Clarence just came in from out in road in 16th He'd on the beaches out in road Clarence boy he sure knows his stuff He don't know where he it out of get him and joy together Look yeah with a road map Mock about getting lost neither one of them has any clues to where they are and by the way Neil Why did they name that stadium after Joe Rodney I'm not gonna do to fire that look at this look at this Those some relatives of yours. Well get all this bird stuff coming in the mail you know we ought to have a separate A separate mailbox just a bird stuff That's like that's kind of like stations Bird stuff Okay, let's take a call from North Miami Beach, shallow. Neil. Yes, sir Congratulations. Thank you so much My wife's uh, so You get up in the morning to take in the baby five thirty so she'll be listening to kids, but you're awake me up That's good. I don't get up better Well, it's about time you started getting up you won't know how much better you'll feel when you get up early in the morning and go out take a little walk and Breathe in the brisk air I do that when I play golf every day Boy, I got another hate letter from the board. You remember the guy who was upset because we said something about Don Carl Krishanko Rodgers you malicious little fat man. I wrote you a skating letter because I'm a proud Bore unlike you you scum sucking slug Oh, this must be the guy who called earlier Today I have a feeling yeah, it sounds like oh yeah go ahead sir. I'm sorry Check this in the mail. Yeah, okay No, I tell you my wife will enjoy dressing to you Excellent Oh, right away. I don't pay Let me when you're on nice. They can't talk in about uh with your call to you to be on his health Yeah, and you kept saying that you just came back from Denny's which is about the worst restaurant you can eat him no question about it Talking about brick oven Pizza for a long time you finally got me hungry enough to Because I live in not my any beach right finally went up there on the turnpike And I got up in a hurry when I went up there and I saw a ray and I I play it that is the best teacher. I am every really That guy is the first one I had Well, it's not really pizza. That's a great part about it's like a whole different experience It's a different I mean it's similar to pizza, but it's just a bit a unique thing Really is It's a little plate made that I thought they were serviced with a gift of a single plate right and that's why I like it I like you know deep my own. I don't like sharing with everybody else And it's a really hot when it comes to a man's it I have to with them well some like it hot I thought I would my right like to talk to you because he who my wife can love you He's who I'm just a graduate Oh Okay Okay pal Okay, I guess that's it You malicious little fat man. I wrote you a skating letter because I'm a proud bull or unlike you you scum sucking slug Your continuous attacks Misspelled Upon me as a bowling maniac I run founded you dip you have caused grief to both me and my family How I low than detest you This sounds like a line out of my boyfriend's back doesn't it? How I low than detest you? You are in a bombination and a menacing threat to the community squad head But if anything is made my blood ball it's been that you actually took a call from a home all Discussing and recommending a so-called gay bowling league. This is crap Our country went your racial integration with much misery and a few things that I'm gonna sponsor these this Grow testness you are sadly mistaken, Fagboy. It is quite simply a travesty to bowling and volers in general I think this guy's got his fingers in the funny holes If you ever again speak badly of Chris Shankle, I will call your management and put you in hot water Flab face It's no joke that you are a joke even your own Jewish community. We all think of you as a joke or pariah Just leave this state go away. We all detest you. Oh, there comes a good part. Do me a favor. Rosen become a Buddhist And that was used rosin this particular one it's interesting to that relative's name grows in but Fantastic and then they sign a Jewish name. You know what I'm saying? He's still fuming. He has shove your anti-bullying comments you communist shove them or the moon don't shine Good letter Well, the male is that good on them I'm sure it will be Why are you flashing check monitor you know you wrote on here up your alley? That's okay, but he's flashing frantically check monitor I mean if you had some good material will be Oh get serious no lunch for him today. Okay See oh boy yeah Oh, now look at this here's a little something for Stan Isn't that cute with all these perverted little writings on it? Boy oh this was in that letter wasn't it wasn't that same letter yeah Really oh this guy Well, let's see how many holes are there in a boy ball three High all year hello hello Oh yeah Michael's calling from the cafeteria Santa Ria You're a good night My eyes are so good People understand Because they don't know me at home Plantation hello Hello, yeah, sir. Oh, you know my boy Hello, sure This is my voice oh my boy. Do you recognize me? Oh, I do my eye Okay, I do say I have to tell you Why I go you just say you told him for the lunch That's where be there. It's from walking It's from what walking walking? I think you You're about it, right? Oh the walk in oh the walk in as I said walking Walking at the walk in You almost to my English. Yes. I understand you perfectly. Oh very good, you know and that is not easy To get the tournament to admire you Did you know that what it's not easy to get a tournament to admire you? All right, all right, let's cut the Okay, let's cut the crap right and lunch will be there about 30 great. Thank you so much I expect it and the second thing is I won't tell you You'll see what you say you want to walk in yep and I stick my neck and it will seal Well, you wait you wait if it's good today. I'll be over there believe me. Okay, okay? Thank you. I'll come right out of wind mixing and then you'll put our house We might bring Rob over for your lunch Okay, I don't don't go to window and you can smell it through from auto the Okay, follow your Follow your mail Follow your nose and I know what the Rickay's are says on channel 10 You sure, this isn't well-faden Want let me drop you when he north talking about E-Mac and Bullyas. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm not an bird. Please. And where you coming to here you will the jacket. You will go back to the Humboldt King walking to his subject. Are you the one who saw? Do you understand this guy? I am. Thank God. I think we're lucky. I followed him for a lot. Oh, I think you're really pushing. Well, listen, we'll be looking for it. Okay? All right. Thank you very much and get off the air immediately. Will you? Boy. Boy. I like him. It will. Yeah, but in brief I don't know. I can understand what they're talking about. He's very nervous. Well, I was translate. You might look, you know, like in the last couple of days here to, you know, I was trying to closely tell you with the third kind or whatever he is. Okay. We have an open line in Brown or no, we don't. They're flashing like crazy now. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, they're really doing it. I'm sure we're going to be hearing from loads of radio celebrity as the show goes on. And we heard from the guys, the McCain and the morning guys. Yeah. I'm Scott. But there are three. They're not all going to call today. One of these tomorrow on Saturday. And believe me, that's all we're going to be talking about for three days. Sure. Which is why Mark Cumm is very anxious to give me off the AM because we're going to be desperately trying to get everybody to listen in the morning to the FM or six to 10 AM. WZTA 94.9 on your FM dial. Just, you know, I want to make sure you know where it is and what time? Is eight one day through Friday, Zeta and Zady and Zady on this circus. But where's Sunny Fox? That's my question. We have an editor call from Sunny yet on mobile phone. Weird. Okay. Well, maybe you can't get through. You'll get through. Maybe we'll get through. Believe me. I believe. I believe. I study and I can whisper sweet nothings to each other in the morning on the air and slick and so forward to it. Plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. Hi, Glenn. Hi. I want to tell you my little disappointed. Oh, boy. Because I said, most like day in the car listening to you, you make my life garble on the road. But I will listen to the morning. Oh, thank you. That's work to eat. Now, well, that's twice as many as they got. I don't know. Every year's to get up at that hour and talk about two weeks ago and I said, God, I wish Neil was around the morning to make this variable. Yeah. Be careful what you wish for, man. That was an home and yeah. And I have to say one other thing. You're the only person I know who knows where North Tanawanda is an eager to go. And every time you mention those places, I get sick. Know you're wrong. There's one other one of their person in the market and those were they are. I know. And I hope he's got a good memory because I think he's going to have to get used to that cold weather again. I was a kid. I woke up to him every morning. Oh, boy. I bet it's not that your growth too. I think it did. And when you play that, I can't stand it. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. You can remember that far back. Well, when you grow up with it. Well, yeah, well, she was just in diapers. Oh, yeah, Joey was about what 45 of them. We were in diapers. So what does that make him now? Let's see, 45 in your what about 30? 75. Well, he he was going to be retiring pretty soon anyway. Yeah. Well, we retired Florida. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Why did you tell you I love you guys. I love you. So good luck. Thanks a lot. We'll be looking for you. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. As a matter of fact, there's something we haven't played in a long time. You know what it is? No, there's die in Florida. And you know something I haven't seen that in here. No, it's either. It's in our usher. Now, we'll see where you want to let your life on it. But, but I have seen it in there. Boy, boy, boy, I can't believe. Yeah. Where's Jay and Scott? Jay and Scott? Yeah, they were here yesterday. Oh, oh, Davis supposed to be here around noon. It isn't an amazing that lunch is showing up at noon. I don't think I've ever met anybody who can sniff out a meal quite as well as he can. I don't, uh, I don't see it anywhere. Die in Florida is one of our favorites. It's a classic. And it's it happens to be, by the way, on the best of Neal cassette tape, which if you send the bird, well, that tape, old best of Neal. It's not on the not on the new one. No, are you sure? Yeah. But we don't want to talk about that. But where the hell is it? I'll look for it. Boy, oh, boy, we could be in big trouble if we don't have that. That was the first thing I was going to play on Zeta in honor of the outgoing show. Oh, good idea. Diane, Florida. I saw it recently. Are you sure? Yeah. I can't even see you're good friend in here with the blue cap. I don't see anything. What are they doing? They're like sabotaging the rack now just getting ready. Well, just to get even with us. Do you see it? No. Okay. All right. Let's take a break. We're going to scour this rule. Yeah. Of course. So you know what happens. I don't want to get surly. But if I don't find any of our material, we can't walk out. It real upset. Okay. It's 24 till noon at WI and Zeta. J Michaels will be starting here Monday morning at 10. And he'll also be on Saturday morning, 6 to 10. I just mentioned that in passing. And I want you to be nice to Jay. Give an opportunity. And you know, he's a great American. Never stole a freight train. You're welcome. I'm going to go. You're welcome to you to show it. Hang in to you. Me. You just won't hand God a bagel. Think all the cream and cheese. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. He's I'm not so much so much so much so man. I'm their kosher, this girl came. He's a lot so much so much so man. He's got to be. I'm not so man. Right. Ow. Any more? 시meat hop hop hop buh getting for me hyma bu Lymanper Thryme Thryme! Shedgedyub Bluecios hyma bu Lymanper hyma bu Lymanper Sonbatolle Sonbatolle Jeetheart some mere She kisses me Oh my god, Roman crowns! He's a lot of stuff. Okay, that's enough of that. We can't find you know what. Go on. You think it's gone forever? Is that there? And Dave just arrived, Dave from the melting pot is here for lunch. Yes, where is it? Tiny food? That is food. That is food. So he wanted to send you out for lunch. He wanted you to have to go somewhere to bring it back. No chow. He's like, Glenn. Yeah. Yeah, he's like, he's into a little less than him. I'm beginning to notice. He likes to kind of like punish the visitors and make them run around. Just suggest. Just a thought. But we have two lunches coming in. Folks from, or putting in my car phone, cellular warehouse, cellular, is that the right name? Say the whole sailor. Where are all the beans with the W? They're out there right now doing something to my cougar. And they're bringing a helpful lunch and then allegedly, now I'm not so sure about that Chinese. Do you think that that was legit? Yeah. You do what you did. I was trying to be nice to my conundrum. He was saying I thought he was swearing or something. But he promises to put a new slant on lunch for us. And we probably have a couple of lunches here today. Yeah, that'd be great. And then of course there's that free dinner at the Pompano tonight. Yeah. We're forward to it. All right. We're probably about $2,000 with you today just to load it. Look at that guy. Sold my car, sold his car, mortgage the house. And also got a second mortgage on Joey's house too. Look at that. Now all of a sudden he's getting deep into his mail. What are you going through there now? What is that? What is that thing? Crap. Crap. Very good. Very excellent. Excellent adjective. I like that. Crap. Dreck. Unsuckest know that. Shame on you. Wash your mouth out with with moths of meal. Call a cable. Shello. Hey, me. I'm kind of a set of two guys. What do we do now, sir? A long time listener. I've called you maybe four times and been about eight years. Basically, we've been recently that I've been calling. So I figured let me quit my job and I listened to me a- Oh yeah, right. I've been yesterday, no, no, no, no, I'm serious. But on a more serial note. There's a rumor that you're lowering queries, lots from IOD and playing North Cross, some channel tend to do traffic and weather at the same time. Well. No comment. No comment. So it might be- Well, as a matter of fact, they're both up there on the Owens launching pad together right now, but the clearance is the only one in a plane. That could be a major poop. Yeah, it could be. Okay. They're going to be kind of hovering over Alton Road on the beaches. Yeah. Together. I know where you're going on that. I know. That's another thing that disappeared to the blimp. You know, that's not in here. It is, you know, like slowly but surely. It's like by attrition, stuff disappears out of this room. Little bit by bit. And you know, it's all mass by piece. It's June 8th. Yeah, since major got here, we don't want to excuse to anybody thing, but it just keeps disappearing. Sure. Slowly but surely. Yeah. One other thing is the brick and a beer side kick from my wife. That's a very poor choice of word. He's just going to be in there. You know, let's- Kick in other words. What? It's going to be a kick. Kick out of side but just a kick. Yeah, he's going to begin. It's been very good. Excellent. I was a little slow on that. I think it's like the bird as a special guest. You know, once in a while, but every day, it's like, whoa, to a little bit too much. Well, I want you to read easy about one thing, because in the setup we got in the FM, I'm going to have control of his mic. Oh, so you have to button. Yeah. Great. Okay. I'll be looking forward to listening today. Thanks a lot. Okay. What to nine listeners now, Friseta? And boy, that's a staggering. If Tom Birch knew that, they probably have to re-ish the whole report. Will they? Already. He's already surpassed the current one. I think so. I don't say that, because they're already going to dig us pretty bad tomorrow. They were right. It's just a joke. Right? Yeah. See, both the bad news, everyone? See, here we've got a problem. In case you didn't already know, we have a problem child over here, because he works so hard. I'm lying like that. What? Because you work so hard, you can't get up that early in a morning to listen. Isn't that what you told me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You expect me to wake up at 6 o'clock in the morning? No, you have to wait. How about like eight? You don't have to hear the whole show. Like eight? Would that suffice? Get a little fix? I never thought of it that way. Yeah. Yeah. Like the last couple hours. Yeah. In fact, we can recycle the first two hours over here. Just if you're convenience, okay? Would that be okay? That'd be great. I mean, obviously, yeah, I know. I should. Good, okay. Let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Great. I don't know. I just couldn't do it. You're going to be unzated tomorrow or... No, no, Monday morning. It's one shot the other. And it's sort of big. What are you shot? It must be very confusing. Yeah. I think we ought to go back to the beginning again. You know what I mean? Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. So, okay. We will be weirers that we, I don't I'm comfortable with that. On Zeta, Monday, Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, no repeat Thursday and a low-half Friday. Next week and every week. Are you kidding me? No. You're on say. What did you think I was going to be on air like for one day? So, no more, no more tend to too on the show? Good. Excellent. Very good. Let's have a little round of applause. Come on now for this very... See, he won't even... I mean, I got to get up a whittling towards... Haha. Then, is it the six o'clock in the morning? Any damn time you want? Okay. But sooner or later you got to get up. You know, or you can just lie there in a sack and turn it on. You know, have that radio right by your bedside. But the show is from six to ten. Okay. Well, maybe let me say one more time. Wait a minute. Okay. Let's start over again. Okay. Can you say radio? Okay. You have a radio, right? I'm glad you... At least one I would think. I do. And they all have a MFMVM and PM, right? They've all got the whole thing on air. Right? Okay. So, 94.9 on FM is what we call Zady. All right. It means grandfather and yetesh on this circus. Okay. And we're going to be there every morning Monday through Friday with the Aliqueternaud. Six to ten a.m. And if you happen to be up fine and you can tune it in. You'll be doing the same thing we're doing now. Okay. That's a great wild to pacify Pete Bouldier. We'll play a record. I haven't said, okay. Listen, I don't think you knew this. But Brian Norclaw. Yes. Is the illegitimate son of Bob Mercy, who does the knit game? Oh, boy. Is that the possible way? It explains a lot. He then does. Oh, but it's going to be cool. And it's a plate. Is that the... Well, I don't... Don't start with the match. You know, there are lost cars. And yeah. But they are not... They are not their real last name. Yeah, Dale Murphy, I think. Dale Murphy. Anyway, I watched the game last night. So did I. That was okay. Well, I want to tell you something. Sparky Anderson is a meathead. And I'm going to tell you that right now. And he left Doyle Alexander and there is so long that it was pathetic. It was like he was leaving him in there as punishment. Like he didn't want to win the game. You left him in there interminimately. Yeah. Yeah. And he's sitting there writing on a yellow pan at legal pad. You know, maybe he's got a lawsuit or something going on. I don't know what he's doing. But he keeps writing those stupid notes on it. Yellow pan. And at the same time, they're hitting the crap on a door loud Alexander. And every time we see Sparky's writing on the pad, you know. How many... Come on, Sparky. How many lines of Sparky haven't it saved, do you think? I mean, more... Oh, I'm glad he mentioned it. You know that Darrell Evans... What a complexion. Darrell Evans went to the same plastic surgeon as Michael Jackson. The only problem is it's starting to follow part now. You know, like when they do that breast surgery, and they start sagging, you know, when they fill that... What have they put in there? He goes, I don't know. They put something. So look on. Isn't it? Yeah. Anyway, he went to the same hit for your correct. Well, that's what's happening to Darrell now. I mean, the guy is like 40 years old, and you think he was 80. Yeah. Yeah. Boy, he's looking pretty grim. But he hit 40, he hit 30 homer. That's right. It's not how he looks at counts at how he hits. That ballpark, by the way, in Minnesota, is like... Like Kitty baseball. Okay. It's a joke. It's like not even a baseball game. Yeah. In fact, they ought to take the scamp football players and what them play baseball there. Yeah. Okay. I got emotional, sir. I'm sorry. Okay. So I got it just to revitalize my whole schedule here at this point. You got it. I understand it. If you got it so far, because even the people in the building can't quite figure it out. Six in the morning to ten in the morning, which I, you know, after 28 years in the business, I thought most people I've just been morning drive is six to ten a.m. You know, and the Monday through Friday, like normal people work. Who's suggestion or who's... Well, it was by mutual agreement, okay. I'm very excited about it. I hope you, yeah, I mean, you're going to blow them away, but still... But still what? But still it's going to be your, your current listeners are going to have to alter their lifestyle a little bit. Or alter something else. Or alter their states, right? Right. You got it. Okay, you'll get used to it. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. I'm glad he called in so you could, you know, make them, I'm afraid that we're probably, well, see what we're going to have to do tomorrow and Saturday also drag this explanation out, because obviously they're a little slow. I thought it was real, real simple and, you know, real clear. Did you think it was simple and apparent? Right to the point. Do you know that he knew about it before anybody else before I knew about it? Are you going to, are you prepared to tell us now where you heard it? I was just a good guess. I'm serious. Because I guess. Because I guess. You must have told him. I wasn't sure when I told him. You can tell us that you basically told me what I wanted to know. Well, that's not good at that. What's not good at that? A lot of people guessed. Did they? Well, stand certainly, just did everything yesterday, but hanging right out there for the audience to chop off. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay, it's 10 before noon at WI and Z. We had a wonderful call from Dan McKay and Jim, I can never remember. I remember Tyler. Jim, I'm sorry. I don't know. What it is, not a hard name, but I can, I just cannot bring you, right? I'm genetically for you. Oh, did they think we're so nasty to him? Yeah. Um, but we're right. It's not sufficient that he denied that, you know. We do want to thank them for calling it there. They are really funny. Well, not only funny, but they're different. Oh, do you want to see the letter from the ice cream store? He's getting like you now. I got an idea. Why don't you guys just read my mail every day? And I'll just then you let me know if there's any leftover that I can read. Seriously? There you go. That a long time. Yeah. Then I don't have to have this last. No, no, it's not from Brian. Okay. Forget Brian. I know you're obsessed with him, but just forget about him. He said you're not his type. Nine before noon at WI and Z. The Neil Rogers show our last three days on AM. That's right. And boy, are we counting the minutes before noon at WI and Z? And it's almost lunchtime, 64 lunch. Do we have to say that in the morning? It's like so many minutes before breakfast. God, I hope not. Breakfast club is history. Oh, yeah. No more bread. No. It's not going to be the Zeta link. No. And other than just other other little things will go by the way. So I'm going to go by the way, so I too like just a license. Like you did your sports. Yeah. That was a good idea. By the way, we do have an interesting sports guy who's going to be doing this sport. Do it. What's his name? Mr. Sports. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning. I want to die from my congratulations on your switch. Thank you. Switch it through the zebra offer to you. So to speak. Let's seriously. I know. I know where you're coming from, pal. You're not my type. I'm one of the good royal listeners who has a commitment to this problem. And being the king, I figured you could suggest what I can solve it with. Okay, my child, what can we do for you? Very good. I do do. No, don't say do do do. Come on. I had Zeta surgically removed my radio. Well, that was a good idea at the time, but you can always tie it back on. I'm now. I don't know what to do. Is there a process or a circumcision type process? I think you're in the right general area. But perhaps on the wrong end of the dial, like if you call my good friend, Dr. Bendova, I think he can probably reattach Zeta. Well, that's good. Did you ever think of doing fine with Zeta? Well, you can be the king in both markets. Well, you can't be the king in the queen. You're all I'm saying. Well, that's true. So I'd like to stick with trying to be one. Okay. Well, good idea. This is one of your loyal listeners who wants to jump in on the charter membership to go over. Excellent. We don't play the order. We don't play the order. That's Joey. We'd like to play it like an hour or so. Well, I'll give you at least two. Good. Okay. Just to listen. I'll always keep listening. Thanks a lot. And it's no problem getting up early in the morning. I hope. Yeah. I wake up that way most of the time. But I wake up this way every day. That's another subject. Okay. I'll read the church. Wait a minute. What? See you later. Okay. I'm not so sure I know what that was. Boca. Hello. Hello. Hi. What a nice one. We have a toll free line that you can call us on. Oh, it's not long distance. It's not long distance. This isn't? No. How can that be? I don't know. Boca's a coffee. Lushie. Yeah. Yeah. Roy. I'm a border. So I get some considered browards. Yeah. I'm a border. Well, luckily one of the guys before me already called and answered one of my questions. So I have to sound like a jerk. But what is the number of the new station? You know, the call letters? Well, wait a minute. The number or the call letters? The call letters, I guess. Call letters are WZTA, but that doesn't tell you where to find it. Well, you said 94.9. That's exactly where to find it, right? I just wanted to focus. Sometimes you can't get it if it's not digital. And I just, this way, if they say their call letters on the right one. Right. Yeah. What? What? How did that happen? I didn't think it was. I wanted to ask you the records. The ones that you played. The kosher ones. Is that something you made or did you buy those? No, that's a good filter. Joe and the fish. That's the name of the group. And, you know, if you go into peaches or a specks or they've got, you know, they've got, you know, they can order it for if they don't have it. Oh, they are great. They are great. They are great. And on this sockets, I mean, you know, how can you beat it? You can't beat it with a stick. With a kosher stick. Okay. Well, thanks a lot and I'll go to you. Thanks. We'll be looking for you. Okay. Bye-bye. There's number 10. I think we've got the audience up to 10 and expanding by the moment. Yeah. Am I right? Yeah. Are you freezing to death, is it? We can hang it all right. Oh, we can make it a little warmer in here. That's why I wear all these jackets and everything when I come in here. That's the way you keep this studio. You're freezing? Yeah. Oh, okay. It's freezing in here. Bob did you hear that? We've got to make it a little warmer because of our cissy companions. Yeah. We don't get much meat on our eyes. I mean, don't heat it up, but you can hold it here too. Good. You better get used to it because when you're on with that frigid lardass Monday morning, you better get used to it. Oh, boy. Okay. My cool for sure with the ones. Nothing personal. CBS with the world news at the top of the hour and we'll come back and really warm it up at 12.06. And say a lot of praise for you. Finally, but 10 records that you've been waking for. Tammy Faze unbelievable new album. Here's the rock I crawled out from under. The books they've taken. Tongue of makeup on. Then my husband told it this kiss to come. Oh, they're the four cold and go out with. Oh, I'm all thrown out on booze and pee. It's all here. The headache, the heartache, the pancake. Rock the way, just in my face. My message, I'm all the way. Tammy Faze, here's the rock. But I crawled out from under. You're welcome. You're welcome. Probably the WI and Z and our good friends at cellular wholesalers. You know, I pause because I wanted to get the nervous. What I lunch today and I'm going to tell you something this unsuckest no less. But I have to have my dual pickle over there in honor of circus because it's the festival of the harvest. You know, like vegetables and fruit. Yeah. And I have to have one of these. Are you choked up from this emotion experience? He is. He is losing it. Is your mic on? I don't think so. How about we turn his mic on just briefly. Go ahead. Yeah. Go ahead. Please. What? Whatever you were going to say. What are you saying anything? You were going to. You were about to get something happened to you. No, come on. What were you going to say? Do we have to beg you now? No. I was saying it. I think the pressure is building. I mean, is this what's going to happen Monday morning? I'm going to open it. I don't think so. I don't think so. No. I don't think so at all. Are you sure? I know that this is. What do they call it again? Bird sexing day every Thursday so that may create a little extra pressure for you today. Is that it? Well, no matter the maybe the logic. But. But. Well, I have never seen the bird crumble so desperately. I mean, you lost it for a few seconds one day last week. And then you recovered. But this is. What is it? Is it the sandwich? Is it getting to you? Just that overwhelming now. I think so. And I'm not, you know, astronomy and see the guy had called her now is going to accuse me of eating a lot of astronomy, which I know, but this is great. I know I think that's what it all was because of the call during everything. All this astronomy sandwich is your eat up there. Yeah, I'm going to course you hang out a lot of colder and those calories, no use of it. You know, on site. Oh, green shirt and I are old buddies. Well, what is what is that? Obviously is on. We're going to not going to talk to him. Are we on? Oh, come on. Are you serious? Yes. Oh, but I did punch him out. Am I here on my there? This is the new name. The new name, obviously. Cool. These pickles. Happy suckers, obviously. Happy suckers. I took a poll among all the people you want to hear what they have to say about. I took a poll of one. I took a poll. I was just like on the phone like crazy yesterday. Taking a poll amongst all the FN people. What they think about it. What are you doing? Try to replace me, father? I was talking to half. He was trying to take your place. By the way, she was very disappointed to hear that she was an offer tend to. Don't be surprised at anything, you know. Okay. Well, you want to hear what they have to say about it. Go ahead. Okay. First of all, they want to know when you're going to eat lunch. They just don't know. Well, we're going to come in on Jay show and eat lunch every day. Okay. Now, they're also wondering about the choke holes in your phone calls will be on the 550. What will happen to all the other shows in F-40p. No problem. No problem. Trust me. They want to know if you're going to give $5,000 away every Thursday morning. Okay. The next thing is, here's the good stuff now. Okay. Now, some people at GTR are having a big meeting over there and they suggest, now, they say that you're trying to doing this because when they wouldn't want to station, say, sell, sell through a few months ago, they say the reason was because they didn't have no numbers. They say, they just trying to boost the numbers and they'll be able to sell both stations, which is an interesting theory. Right. Sounds fine to me. And I will tell you two anglons. Right. And the next thing. Well, buy and sell it is the case may be. See, I would like to join the ranks of all these guys who get paid for not working. Oh, yeah. I've never had that before. I think there's more in that category that are working. I'm sure that. Okay. Is it true that Mark Hunes just got really upset and called up Portland and tried to have it stopped? It's getting pretty heavy now. Getting back into your re-grossing idea. You're getting back into your work. No, it's not true at all. Not true. He's happy about it. Mark is delirious. Really. I saw. Sooner he can get me out of here. He'll be happy. And the next rumor is that they say that it's this whole thing works. Then they'll move. Then they'll move everybody. Oh, and they will be his tree. Well, you never know about those things, right? That could happen. I mean, once upon a time, they said, the INZ will always be all news. Did they say that? Did they say that they would never put talk on FM? Who is that? Was that David Rosely? David Rosely. Did you get your postcard by the way? Which one? Wait till you get your postcard with Neil's picture on you. Know those old postcards. 810, 710. No, I haven't seen that yet. Like that. Now, do you want to hear the consensus opinion of... Okay. Are you going to get to it or is it like... Yeah. Now we'll leak from circus. For some reason, now you know I'm not an expert on anything like that. But I have to, by the way, it's really happy about it. They think that everybody from 10 to 2 is going to run to Bill McQuig. Are you going to listen to it from 10 to 2 now to 9 out from 10 to 2? Oh, that's what I thought. That's what they're assuming over there. And it is really happy about it. You realize it's stand will be like history. I mean, who's going to give him all those, you know, that leading. Is that it? Oh, that's not it. Well, hurry it up, Bobby. It's only a four-hour show. I know, let's see what time is enough. 12 or 13, right? 12, 14 and getting much later by the moment. Exactly. And the next thing is... Is he calling to kill a child in a war? He wants to turn it on to the clock and morning and hear Glenn last. I like you better when you were a moron, you know what I'm saying? Is that changed the voice? Yeah. You're a little dactin? Yeah. Much better. Yeah. I heard you want to be a devil show the other morning. Not only that, but I was a person who won the T-shirt too. Well, you're the only one listening. What do you expect? Well, he was really good boy. They answered that phone real quickly over there. Yeah, they did. Right through, didn't you? Right through. I'm a matter of fact, I told, well, he edited the call, but you should have heard the first part if you'd like to first. Whatever happened with that thing with the poor, what's his face at Diodee? What is this problem? What is he doing to us here today? Hey, Ganderson. I put you on the air, didn't I? What? Okay. Do you want me to do a bit? I'm going to a wonderful mood, and I put you on the air. Okay. Okay. Where are you going? I'm going to do it. Oh, man. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to tell you something. What? What is the operative question? Okay, here it is. I'll read the judge. Okay, bye-bye and don't forget. Okay. Well, I didn't better. Yeah, he was better as a crank. I don't even much better. Mr. Cake. You don't like to Mr. Cake. Oh, are you still speaking him on the phone, by the way? No. Let's go to... You know, I'm not that threat holds tree. I'm sure because you're still going to be in this part of the building. No, better. Every now and then, booking those important guests like... Miami, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. A real voice from a real caller. Congratulations on your move to WZTA Zated 94.9. Thank you. You can do our promos. That's what I'm trying to do, so you guys can eat your lunch. Thanks. I'm going to go through between 6 and 10. And I'd also like to wish you a happy took-as, and I hope everyone... Happy took-as. And I hope everybody... Took-as. Move today. I know I got my lunch this morning. I bet you did. Hey, Neil. This morning I was on my way up to West Palm Beach. And I heard you say that if anybody had an announcement, they'd like to make that we could call and make it on the radio. Is that what I said? I don't remember saying that. Did I say that? No. No. I thought that's what you said. I was really in the morning. Go ahead. What are you promoting, pal? Well, I'm promoting. I'm with the South Miami Kendall J.C. And I just like to tell everybody about our meeting. I knew. Somehow I knew it was the J.C. You know, I don't know why. I just knew it was going to be the J.C. To look at takes all types to listen to your show and even we do too. By the way, when are you guys letting women in your group? Oh, you know, this is truly a progressive group. We've started letting them in in 1984. No, I mean real women. Those two. Okay. Go ahead, sir. Well, the South Miami Kendall J.C. is looking for a little bit of And. I'm looking for my full now. You look like your. Yeah, I had two sandwiches. I'm very thirsty. You had two sandwiches? Yeah. I did. The Australian Columbia. They were good. Yeah. How the hell can you eat two sandwiches in like six minutes? I'm pretty quick. You call them. Well, that's not getting into that place. Did they tell me? I don't know. Yeah. Well, we'll find out later. Well, answer. Anyways, the South Miami Kendall J.C. is looking for some intelligent life. And we're meeting this Monday at the Red Lobster at 117. Oh, you're never going to find that. North Kendall's drive intelligent life in that town. Well, that's why, you know, we figured the few that would be Listening and live in that area. The intelligent ones would be listening to this station. Like I said, Uh, No, I was looking through the qualitative part of the Birch Report last night. Mm-hmm. You know, I'm more big on Birch now because we had a good one this month. Yeah. But anyway, there was a whole thing in there about the percentage. Of listeners who graduated the high school, I went to college and I and Z has more college students than any other Station in the market. I think it's obvious. I mean, people who went to college. That's right. Or hung around on campus, you know, and even some of them were on the air. Yeah. Well, I was on campus that much. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On Glenn's report today, he said that the state legislature just wins right through the gun law. I mean, we're our legislators whizzing in the hallways again. Where does this guy here all this? Yeah. What station are you looking at? He's listening to RMF. By report. Glenn's report. Now, that starts Monday on Zators, sir. He's going to be butchering the news. I'm well, three port. Oh, who's Tom Wolf? Tom, like Wolf. I think he like you. We're working on the work it in there for this caller. I'm Tonya. Oh, there is some intelligent life on occasion. I'm sorry to say. But yeah, I'm giving it a try. Sir, have you been eating sugar cubes this morning, buddy, chance? Not enough. Okay. Well, listen, have a wonderful day. Do the same. And a great life. Boy, his little confused wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. The information was there. By the way, you need to write this on the log. Cellular wholesalers. Can you remember that? Like now. And they're having a neo-range respect. Because they're putting my car phone in and Santa course will never. He'll never be the same because I'm going to bug with crap out of him. The first 20 people. Can I say this now? Can you control yourself? I'll try. The first 20 people who call cellular wholesalers get a special day. The neo-rodger special. $495. No installation charge for their car phone. Right? Am I doing this right? And they got a call 949. 9100. 949. 9100. Yeah. And a market for a car phone. Now is obviously the time to do it right now. It's a moment now. Not just today. Now. Because it's the first 20 only. And they save all the installation charge. Which is a substantial amount of cash. 949. 9100. And again, we think cellular wholesalers for their wonderful diet lunch. It's 20 minutes a afternoon at WI and Z. The Chinese food will be here right after this. There they go. Ladies and gentlemen, off into the sunset. Never be seen again. There is more food. See, this is one thing that will stop. On Zeta. Because you know, this is like a pig pin. Even though these are beautiful studios, it's, um, they know. We can clean it up in two seconds, right? But in Zeta, they got that $80 million worth of equipment up there. And they're not going to let us muck you around with food up there. So all of you wonderful people. And we appreciate it. Who have been for speeding us. Look at that. Who came in just in time for the last sandwich. There's a sandwich. There's coleslaw. They're dild pickles. Mr. Fix it. You won't have us to kick around anymore. Yeah, make a little noise there. Would you please? What is that, by the way? See, there's lettuce on that one. Looks like a real goyish sandwich. That's perfect for, what is it? Turkey. Turkey. Oh, good. That ought to be pretty good, huh? Well, it's the only one left. So if you don't like it, and then there are cookies here and pickles and all kinds of good stuff. And then in about 10 minutes, one worth through with this, the Chinese is coming up. Oh, this is, this is ridiculous. You know what I'm saying? Probably Jay Michaels will continue this part of the show. His Jay looks like he and Joe. Like he has a mischievous in on him. I'm saying. You don't like this. No. Please go ahead. Be our guest. Do we have to twist your arm? You know who we haven't heard from today. We had a lot of people call congratulating this on a big move to Zeta. But there's been one voice that's been conspicuous. Can speak via Sam's. You go, try to get people to talk about true radio station after Santa Crocodile morning. I know. And we've been doing it for months and it hasn't helped a bit. Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Where does this? It's the way about dinner here. They're about to be about to be in the bank tackle. What? Just kidding, Neil. Junior's bait and tackle. I don't understand what any of these people are saying to the review. Oh, the guy who called by the Chinese restaurant. Yeah. I go to the restaurant every week. It's the best Chinese restaurant I've ever ever seen. Somebody, well, okay, we, you said it's the best. We had somebody also said it was the best. Then somebody said it was the worst. Now, what are you looking for? Oh, it is. Wait a minute. What do you look like in that bank? In that bank? Forks knives? What? On astray? Well, how why don't you ask? Okay, ask and you shall receive. Here, I know that your wrist is a little limp, but see if you can hold that. Okay. Go ahead. You're a little bit too more important to be giving them your tentos. Yeah. Oh, listen, hey, I just get ragged on here the whole four hours. And I just took off with our whole thing at Kosovo. Really? Yeah, that guy up there, uh, fix it. You know, we said you can have some of the Kosovo. We didn't take the whole thing and we're not going to come back. Go ahead, just go up. Yeah, go ahead, just go up. Control yourself, my Jewish friend. Well, I have that tiny stress on his best. Tiny's best, remember, when to you. You're even compared at the penny harness. Wait, wait a minute, this is Mark. Excuse me? This isn't Mark. Yeah, it is. Okay. I mean, you know, once in a while, Mark, like in the morning, you can call us once in a while. But let's knock it off. Okay, we don't go for cronics. Well, you're getting good at that, aren't you? Did you take a few? You always miss that? Yeah, but he's not talking about him. He sounds like all the pinheads, you know? Well, it was a long time before I picked up on it. Is there any left in there? Look at that. Well, just a bunch of savages in here that just stay in a hairless food. Miami, hello. Hello. Hi, how are you doing, Joey? How are you doing? Excuse me, I have something in my mouth. I was eating. I'll bet you do, Joey. Um, egg and graduations on your move. Thank you. Very good. I'll be number 11 listening. Excellent. Boy, we're really building an audience, aren't we? Yeah. We've got a solid base. You'll be broadcasting in stereo, right? We sure will. Why don't you put, uh, I'll be in one channel in the burdle beginning. A burdle will be in the English channel. If you put Glenn on the left and you on the right, it would be like giving the audience control of his mic. But where's Lee Jelek going to be? Lee will be all over the place. He just probably, with that voice, he has covered both bands. You don't have to worry. Neil has control of my mic and the new setup. And boy, does he like that? I love it. There we go. We could turn all the way to the right. There we go. And then Glenn's mic just may go dead for a few minutes. Sort of like in the old days, uh, right here. Like in the middle of the news. Are you well being stereo, right? Yeah, you bet. But it's just sound like in stereo. Well, maybe we ought to, uh, give a little preview, huh? Before and after. Yeah. Look who's talking. You were very excited about that Jeff Stryker picture. Oh, yeah. I think you probably hear the springs in one channel. And the clever dialogue in the other channel. Yeah. Okay, I think he just got the answer right from the horses mouth. I'll finish my lunch. Okay. Good like boy. He had to go in a hurry. Oh boy. Wow. I wonder what he's having for lunch, huh? Maybe we ought to play my wife left time with a banana. Get on a rough sunny fox and Elvis Junior. And we haven't heard from sunny. It's just really funny. It'll be calling in on his demo. A question mark in my head about what? Whether he's going to call. Yeah. Calls all the time when we don't want him to call. Uh-huh. Whoever. Come on, sunny. Don't be a bad sport. If obviously can get through anybody. Yeah, I was a little disappointed in him this morning. I thought he was going to make one of his famous comebacks, you know? I did too. So, so many times over the years when he has me provoked to the point of happa plexi, uh, then he somehow makes some miraculous comeback every time. But today he just wasn't himself. Well, too much time of the kaboots, I guess. Coconut Grove. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? All right. I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not rich. Oh boy. Good of old me. Yeah. I felt like I would recognize that blue camp anywhere. I'm probably they did. But I do have a program. Wait a minute. Did you hear that? I know who that was. That was the bird. Call AP and you P.I. You do that well. You didn't realize that you did it accidentally. Well, it's my own authentic voice. See when it's spontaneous, that's when it's good. When these people call up and try to force a cackle, it never works out. Right. Been referred to as a gig ol' mind here. Has Stan would say there's nothing worse than a force laughter. But I do have a program in suggestion for you. Go ahead. Or everybody who can listen to you mid days because they can't get up in the morning. So to speak. Why don't you take the show on Zade in the morning and play it back in mid days on the... Hmm. Yeah, I'm sure Jay Michaels will like that. He checks that way, wouldn't you? Yeah. That's a good idea, though. Try it out. No chance. No way Jose. We're off of this A.M. Two more days and we're out of here. Yeah, but you wouldn't have to be there for the midday. We're gone. We are terminating our association. Well, congratulations. That's all I had to offer. Are you number, are you number 12? I think so. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye bye. Boy, we're raccoon. We are building. Yeah. To a crescendo. Oh, mobile. Hello. How you doing? This is our special mobile caller. No, it's not. It's a different mobile caller. You're not it. Are you in my car? Yeah. They're calling me from my car, but not on this call. Yeah. There's a call on you. Yeah. I'm calling. Yeah. There's a call on you. I'm calling. Turn that radio down. Yeah. Yeah. There's a radio. They're in the computer right up. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. He does. He does. Oh, they're just, let's talk about the court. I know. Yeah. Yes. How you doing? Okay. This is bubble. What's going on? The motor in the radio down. We'll turn the radio on. They're strangling each other. Yeah. It's a little hard talk. I think you need to get your card tied sir. Okay. We're going to try. Okay. Good luck to you. Oh, that was almost as good as the call I had from Sharon yesterday. Oh, well. Oh, that left me weak. Did you do that? Thank you. You're sure. When she was inviting yourself to your restaurant on Saturday. I wanted to sit in my lap and do it. But I did here. Jamie's mother call. Oh, yeah. And then we had a try. The topologist call. We did. Did you? Yeah. And that brother-in-law. The whole family was calling in yesterday. And then I was going to step by then. I know. Jamie himself. Keep in call. I sure hope he's not there this Friday night when we're eating at the melting pot. At the time night of clock. Night of clock. Yeah. Just a joke folks. We're not telling you when we're eating there anymore. And it's not going to be Friday. Sunday. Yeah. Shihuahua. Next you've always. On tissue buff, which is also coming up this month, by the way. On NBC. My Annie. Hello. Nobody commented on that movie out of bounds. Notice that kid is so ugly. Go ahead. Yeah. Neil. Hi. How are you? Okay. Good. I've been out in my car. So I haven't heard too much. Did you go to that rap session yesterday? No. Next Wednesday. We had a postponement. Oh. How are you? I'm sitting. Oh. I see. Listen. Also. When you move over on Monday. Is the bird going to be with you? Oh, yeah. I'm going to have probably sleep in a nest close by the station. That's right. Right on the edge of the building is a little even that hangs out of the edge of the Zeta. Yeah. Listen. Although we got to clear away those bird dropings before I'll stop here. What the hours between ten and two is going to do that. Wait a minute. Hold on a minute. Yeah. Hold on a minute. We got. I don't lose that last one. Okay. The land from a cellular warehouse. Oh, I said that again. From a cellular warehouse. You're not going to speak to me, are you? Glenn. Is he on there? Glenn. Hello. Wait a minute. This is the previous caller. Can we put Glenn on four? Neil? Oh, hi Glenn. We got to give you repeat time. Tell you a whole similar. That's what I said. It doesn't hold. No. I did do that again. And I was an accident. I slipped. I'm very sorry about that. I apologize. If I do it again, I'll come in and take the last half of my pastrami sandwich. Sorry. I don't want to bring the pickles. So this sounds good. You're calling from my car. Oh, actually I'm calling you from my car because there was an imposter that called and said he was working on your car. And he was calling from before. Well, let's run with the phone in my car. You're following your car. I'm going to have to count down starting. It won't be ready in about three minutes. Okay. Great. I just wanted to keep you up to date. No hurry. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Glen. Okay. Okay. You know what happened to that poor guy that was on here before the area. There he is. Are you there? Sorry. Okay. Thank you for being so patient. Oh, I am. A real person. I'm just a rural. What is going to happen between the hours of 10 and two on the regular. What now any man in the regular like the FM is irregular? No, I didn't know. I just said that. On the AM. What's happening on the AM? Well, Jane Michaels is going to be on it. Maybe I'll honor us with his presence in here sometime between now and two. We would love to have him come in for a couple of minutes. Introduce him. Listen also. A very clever and devious guy. So they're going to leave Stan majors at the same hour. Two to six. He'll be on the after-know. You know, Stan's got to be on with little girls. Get out of school. You know. I see, I tried you. Uh, a little candy. Yeah. He also gets all those mobile colors and everything. After I. Yeah. I listen. Hello. What's happening this evening at Papua. Are you going to be there? Yeah. Well, I'm going to be there. And we're going to be presenting a trophy after one of the races. And you know, they got all that stuff they're given away. And we hope everybody will come out. Plunge their brains up. Oh, I see. But I'm going to be eating in the dining room. Okay. It's not like I'm going to be inviting everybody. Come watch me eat. You know, one of those you're not? No. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Are you still there? Yeah. Are you going to be number 13? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We're building boy. Are we going to be giving out some wondermugs tonight? I have a wondermug meal. I'm going to have a wondermug. I'm going to go back to win more again. Can I have a wondermug? Oh, boy. I just want to give him something in there. Mug all right. Like your fist. Now they've changed it out. Huggy mugs or something. Yeah. We changed it. Well, we're embarrassed from that. By the way, J. Michaels first appearance will be at the hallmark. Just kidding, Jay. I don't want to scare him away. I'm just going to be doing show live from the hallmark. Giving away sweet and low. Oh, you know what we got to do the first week on the FM. And you know, the boxes in there that the sweet and low that say still in from the home of Neil Rogers. We got to give those away on the FM. Sure. We can give one away to each listener. Why not? Souvenier packs from Zeta. They never give anything else away. They don't. Are we going to do like Sunny here? We're going to, we're not going to buy the audience. It's one thing we can write. Right. So like, because we just can't afford it anyway. I don't think it's necessary. No, no money. I got no money. Okay. 24. He got no money. Before one. At WI and Zeguri Lawrence is going to be coming in. Little later on on the show to sing in Acapella. I got no money. And we'll come back. I think the juicy it's an American original tonight. Discover these and more of what it takes to be the legendary state. Stake in there. Over 20 years. The legend is state. Like I was saying. I was saying. What's the challenge? That's the kind of stuff that we strive for. We spend a hundred thousand dollars to try and make that happen. 21 before a one at WIZ. I know he's trying to get through. Oh yeah. I can't believe he hasn't called. I'm so sorry that the lines have been so tight up. I mean, he's can't believe he's trying to get through in his mobile phone. And I want to thank Greg Budeau who did call Gary Lawrence this morning. New wishes luck. Beautiful. Not too much. But he wishes just luck. Yes. Newtals did call. And our friends at how 105 who are the only ones who are really cold in. That's right. I want to thank Bill Tanner and Mark Mosley. I know that they've been trying to get through, but they're not here. Probably Herman and McQueen. They haven't called. I'm sure they're thrilled about it. Jo Johnson called in a congratulatist from a manager. And Jerry Sullivan called into a want to know if we wanted to borrow an SRDS. And maybe a copy of our an R. My amy. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Good. You know you're choked up from all this. You really got what you wanted, honey. No. No. I haven't got what I want. I mean, I mean, all that $8,000 worth of equipment and that's I'm that you've been talking about for weeks and weeks. Yeah. That $80 billion worth. They've got equipment up there that hasn't been invented yet. And they've got equipment that nobody knows how to use and I'm not making that up. Oh, bye. But you have fun. Yeah. Now the truth is we finally got our noise. Yeah. Our $1,000 microphone. That's the turn even make us sound good. Yeah. I'm I'm really upset though. I'm going to get this straight. You're going to be Monday to Friday 6 to 10. It's very. Is it? Yeah. I thought it was pretty. It's. I mean, it's tough enough changing my whole schedule alone. I mean, I need to do it. What time do you get up? So to speak. What about Saturday? No, I'm not going to work. There's more than one. I'm going to talk about Saturday. One of the things I'm going to try for is bed. Do all my things. You know, I'm not listening. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to be an expensive underlined in red ways of doing that. Is doing what Neil is doing. I'm not. Okay. I got it. So let me hang up and think on that very well. And I'll let you know what it planned for Saturday. Oh, well, wait a minute. Can we put you down for number 14 during the week? 14 for Monday, 15 for Tuesday. You know, like, on and on. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. You figured it out now. Good call. We're a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Just wanted to call. I'm for my congratulations. Thank you. I'm a lot of Zanderlister. I'm going to do just fine. Morgan, have a good time. But what I'd like to say, but, you know, Joey, I don't have to worry too much. I'll tell you why. The winner picking seasons coming up here. Oh, he's a lot. Yeah. And we're thought about that. Oh, yeah. We're all. Yeah. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. We're all. Joey, I know it's you. Why don't you show me. Joey. I never realized you could eat a whole cookie during that. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. I got emotional again. Go ahead. But we're just glad that you're going to be moving over. Okay. When you be number 15, sir. I sure will. You can lock me in. All right. You can lock us in, too. You better believe me. And I think they will. Thank you. Thank you. I've done so throaty now. Is it possible that it's this food? See, this will not be happening anymore. Those who are offended. By this disgusting barbaric display of eating on the air. That's been going on now for weeks all over. Around this new hour. That'll stop. Yeah. The fact this was probably, you know, We'll be upset about that because he can't. You know, he can write along on the free lunch ban wagon here. I know. But if he places cards right, we'll let him come down here after we get off. And he can buy us lunch. Oh, that's a hell of an idea. Doesn't that sound like a good idea? With all the money I help you win at the track. Well, we'll think about it. Oh, not to win through the edge. To come down. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Let me put it to this way. When you, and I speak from personal experience, okay? Yes. When you have to pay for it, you were appreciated that much more. Notice the pregnant pause? He didn't understand what I was talking about. Yes, I understand. Okay. Just a joke. A couple of red, cello. This is Neil Rogers. And this is your brain. I told you, Joe Johnson would call it. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions? Let's go to that. That Dave came over. Very nice morning. Which is well, didn't he? Yes, I did. I liked it. Yeah, I did. Why did the shave is must-a and Shaw? I don't ask questions like that, well, Finn. I've known him for a long time. You know, we're all buddies. Let's listen to that one more time. Can we? Sure. If it ever cues up, well, you know, Dave. I forget. I'm not sure I know why he put a 10 second bit on a five and a half minute cart. It doesn't. He's one to be sure, you know. Well, he didn't want to stow over doing it. Right. He wanted to play it twice in a row. This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions? I rest my case. Plantation. Hello. Is it true, Neil? What? I heard that Jamie and Marse, you're going to be taking your spot from 10 till 2. You know, it's interesting you should mention that. That was just, no, seriously. I was just wondering only moments ago. In fact, I even got the very famous cart out that Jamie Michaels put together. You know what would happen sooner. Wait a minute. Okay. There's that haunting music again. Theme to doom. Are we going to have to contend with him in the morning to think? I hope not. I have a question. Okay. The good news is that they don't get up that early. I have to worry about them from 6 till 10. The bad news, of course, is that if they should happen to get up that early and you've graduated from M to FM, they go for diamonds no longer gold. So there's going to be trouble. And I wanted to twist something up the save there. Dave is here. And I don't want you to take this wrong, Neil. You know, this is the first day of just to clear things up. It was not Jamie who said that about Neil. It was me. But Neil don't get upset. Why? I'm going to go ahead. You know, just tell me an all hang up. When he said those guys are the two biggest, um, but I only meant it. It was a fit of passion. You know, I didn't really mean it because I wasn't. I don't know. I'm going to kiss that toy now. But I meant it because I was just upset. But no hard. You will brown answer. That's a little. The other two. So the family doesn't talk to anymore, by the way. Yeah. What is this guy talking about? Jamie and Marcy. Yeah. Well, this is delicious. Okay. Okay. Will you just turn happy birthday? Who? Karen. Karen. The blonde. The sweet. What's sweet? Who wants from the melting pot? Do you know a Karen? In the fish dress. I held the one. The one you wouldn't talk to. In the fish dress. Yeah. The one that Stan was talking about. I mean, Marcy sister. No. She's not her sister. She's her sister in law. Going over to hell, I was that at that table of missphids over there, I have to be birthday, Karen. Okay. Thanks. Well, God, it's a whole audience is related to them. Now I'll be able to see it. Like a soap opera. Yes. Some kind of a grand task, in a festival relationship. Why I appreciate you not taking him as number 16. Oh, I wouldn't. He wouldn't count anyway. You bet. Because a book every show happened in Bertsville. You would laugh. Oh, you know get serious. Samurai. Alright, nearer, you made the Jewish channel again today. Oh, I heard there is another, a costic piece of, Dreck in there on the Sookus No Les. And, but they list all responses. Is that right? Tease, boy. Wait. Oh, sponsors, they list there. Wonderful. And, nice people. Yeah. And, they give it a WI and Z, they give it to you. But, listen, anyway, lots of luck on your move, I have to get up early, not on, listen to you. Excellent. You can be number 16, sir. I'll be there. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Have an eye. I see that's a good 16. Yeah, he's a good caller. And he's also one of our win super spot, super spot. I know. Soon to be one of our Zeta super spies. Letting us know what's happened in the Jewish urinal of all, all publications. Can you believe that? Isn't that something how your own turn on you? Yeah, and it's something? Shameless. Shameless. Don't ever put an ad like that in there about Zady. No. They can't. Twelve minutes before I won a WI, I almost forgot which station were on the Z&T, whatever the hell this is. I'm telling you, this bomb is so efficient. Like by five to the half hour, we got all the business played already. He's just incredible. Am I right? Yeah. Because that was not supposed to be a break there. That was my fault. You know how quickly he caught us. Yeah. Saved us from humiliation. Yeah. Degradation. It's close. An embarrassment. Speaking of embarrassment, let's go to for a waterdale. Hello. Heel. Hi. Jamie's fifth cousin. All right. Listen, if you happen to know the name of Jamie's proctologist by the way. Yeah, Dr. Ben Doherst. Oh, yeah. Oh, listen. It looks like I'm finally going to be able to wake up with you. OK. Won't they be talking about that, sir? And I don't even have to buy you a drink first. Or a dress. This is one of one of the super spies. Did you happen to tune into Joey today? I call it a little bit. Did you hear when he was cutting down Linda? Yes. I did hear that. And I told her about it. And she's, she will not go on that show now. Jerry is sorry. I mean, I think she should do the guy. Yeah. When he caught her a slot, that was discussed. But that I couldn't believe it. Yeah. I mean, not even called her a slot, but pretty close. You know, around. Yeah. You know, I'm used to him saying he gave you your start and potato. Yeah. You know, a hundred thousand years ago. Yeah. He gave me my start to a hernia. Listen, not only do I want to be numbers mental. Number 17, I also want to comment on Anthony Michael Hall about a balance. Finally. Fully. Fully. Yeah. No talent. Absolutely. Now he's got nothing. He's ugly. And he's gangly. And he's just disgusting. Is that, was that our lean doing the Godfather on Stancho? Yeah. Was that embarrassing or what? Oh, that was great. OK. I thought it was the Godfather that it Oh, come on. Yeah. Seriously. Are you kidding me? I'm going to call him Stan Shode saying requests that she do it. I'll give you a fair here and I'll come. Chinese food just arrived, by the way. So you thought we were joking? No, I heard it. We thought we were, you were being hoesed again, right? No. Chinese is upfront. All right. You want to give him a good idea? Yeah, sure. Look at that. He's, are you still hungry? Yeah. You only had two two-dollies sandwiches. Six-doll pickles. I have a pita coleslaw cookies. And about 16 cookies. Are you still there, sir? Oh, he's gone. What happened to him? He had no more to share again. No. He got what he wanted. He's number 17. And he's hand that. That's it. Oh, yeah. But he was also the one that's hot for our lean. Oh, well, that was. So, however, have he choice to make there in the morning? You'll either have to listen to Wes on Zeta. Oh, that's an early-to-night. Yeah, yeah. Well, well, it was on the A.M. A heavy choice is added just to coincidence. Shame on you. Shame on you on unsuck as no less. The festival of proof. Well, he said that her godfather was better than yours. And that up so he said her butt was bigger than the godfather's. Hollywood, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. How you doing? Good. You can put me down for number 18. Great. This is Diane's. Hi. We need a lot more women people in the morning. Yeah. Young women. Yeah, young women. I have a perfect standoff for you. And Stan's not going to like this very much. But, um, I think Donni ought to call you between now and tomorrow. Donnie? Donnie. Don, Donton. Donnie. Wouldn't that be something? No, we're going to wait. He listens to Zeta. I heard so we're going to wait till we're over there. Oh, really? Yeah. I don't think Stan could live with it though. It's Donni called you between now and then. Oh, he would never speak to me again. He wouldn't. He'd have nothing to talk about in the movie. I mean, he drives a ribbon. He's crazy with that. You know that he took that cart out of here again. I was looking for it. He took it out of here again. I don't know. He sure has a suggestion. I think he hates women. No, no, no, no, no, no. What I heard after the last few days. I don't know. He sure is the suspect with Don. Well, he's been real busy the last few days. Well, maybe he'll not. That kid. He called in. Maybe he'll go to something else. Hopefully. I think that could do it. That could be the straw that broke his, uh, whatever. Okay. So, Don, if you listen and down there and the trailer, give me a call. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye, Diane. Thank you. Does that say deer roggies? Please enjoy lunch. They are as exotic and imaginative as you are on the air. Since earlier is one hung on. I don't know. Some done going. I think from the walk in and we thank him to walk in. Of course, he's in the better right than on the log. You're okay. I in and the walk in. It's in the, uh, Jackarrand is square. The camping plaza in a quarter of sunrise in Pine Island. In the same shopping center is Windickley. Where my good friend Rob works. The one who sent you that note. That same rock. The one who sent me the note that I've had bronze. You carried it with you. He does not photograph well at all. I'll tell you. I was in there the other night. He doesn't even know who I am. I don't think. Which is good. And I was in there the other night. I looked at him and I thought of that picture and I said, boy, it's funny how some people just don't photograph it. You looked at him. Steered. Now come on Rob. Don't, uh, uh, by the way, Glenn Ernliss says, hi, she'll be hanging out for you. Oh, I have to go for a minute. He's around. There's a lot of work in the program. A lot of work in the program. We're going to play the best mellow rock. He's 18. He's. Next call is on a pay phone and wishes we get to it already. Hello. Neil, this is Mrs. Jackie. Joe's mother. Now how come you so excitable? I've been helped captain in a basement. And for three months, we're going to Joe. He's on the radio. He thinks, but he's not. He's finally made crazy. I can't take it anymore. What am I going to do? The only good thing is I can speak my walkman on a bit of a cover. So listen to you in the morning. Great. I'm going crazy, Neil. OK. What about you? What about the phone? You were the monitor. On the pay phone. I like to. For. Joe's the Gackie's mother. When you have an open line in brown, if any of the brownish celebrities are waiting to call through, they'll wax these in brown or didn't it? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no, you don't. I am not sitting here while stand majors on dresses you would is Learen and Jiren and that Neil Rogers eats a set of house. Oh. Jamie, I mean so much to me and my sister. All right. All right. Just this once. Hey, what happened to my bowling money? Oh. Oh, that. Well, I forgot to tell you. The only way I can get them to come over was to bribe their agents. The bird. What? With diamond? Not yet. Just the lovely rogue chamber does name and grade on it. And he. He. He. He. Will stand in the old really dinner over the evil home of Marci and Jamie, the last known personality to eat there was Lee Fowler. He was never heard from again. There he is. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Hi, you know, the truth finally came out that I didn't say all those things. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Is this Jamie? Yeah. I'll go call see it in. A.P. New P.I. ABC and E.C. New. Just like news week, the National and Quirer, Tipl magazine, people. What's up, Jamie? Well, you know, I really felt that it wouldn't change your guys opinion of me whether I told you the truth or not that I didn't say those things. And I felt that, you know, I. Well, he's like, I'm beginning this covered day of likes to start these little ugly rumors. He told me that Brian's that terrible things about me. That's right. Josh, you said terrible. And now Jamie. And I know. I know. He did talk to you about it. It was Dave who said these things. Dave was right. My brother did say those things. And I was standing the doing I'm saying, come on. Don't say it. Let's go. It's not going to be right. But I knew that I should just go along with it because, you know, you guys are picking and on me. And that was it. But anyway, we call the marketing. I want to say gradually on your new move. And we think it's going to be really good for you. And it's about time that, you know, there was some competition over there. Mm-hmm. Does this mean that you guys are going to be listening in the morning? Well, yeah. On the way to work. I have a portable phone. So you might hear from me. Oh, my. Oh, mobile. Mobile. Well, thanks a lot for all the fun we've had. Well, thanks for all of your. We have parlaided into a fortune. Can I just wait a minute. Did you say thank you? Yes. Oh, great. So now he's happy. That's what I was really waiting for. Did you hear that now? He's dribbling the chin or somewhere there. Oh, thanks a lot, Neil. I made me feel so good. Okay. Great. Bye-bye. There he goes. He's great. He even brought Jamie around. It's us great. Marcie's next tool. Get Marcie's work on. Yeah. I bet I'm standing very happy about that. He really has wanted a secretely to make up with that family for a reason's unknown to most of us. But we can imagine. But what a family they are. My quote has a very pensive look on his face. He's facing a need. Winds, newsroom, probably. Having, having second thoughts about degrading himself and totally blowing away his news credibility. He's got the headline. CBS, minus the McLaughlin Pivens spot in position. What is coming up at one o'clock? And a 106, I'm positive when we come back. All the superstars from local radio are going to be calling. And it's going to be great. Awesome. Involve it. Impossible to duplicate. Get the original unabridged Neil Rogers. Right here. 102 on WINZ. Miami for Lauderdale. I give all our news. No. No. No. New. This ball on ABC. These are wacky right wing judge. Blacks like he's from another planet. No. No. I've been touch of there. These are Zany liberal bimbo who takes him in. Borm. Together there. Borm. Borm. Borm. What would you tell your constant solution? What's that, Mindy? You just overchridden the first demand. Just about the big of a speech. What a constant. Don't miss Justice Robert Bork and Pam Dobbork in the county that's got Congress screaming. You laugh. You'll drive. You'll kiss the bill of rights goodbye. Honey. Wanna see what's in my robe? Oh, boy. That's my scarf. Poor Gimbundy. It's coming this fall. If we let it go. Sure thing. What a way to WINZ are final hour here on a Thursday. Which means let's see four hours tomorrow and four uncentred day. Only eight hours, nine hours. Collect on a.m. Mindy's commercial times. Yeah. Pretty exciting. You notice who disappeared now. The bird. Who is that up there? That's um, what's your name? I can't see from here. I can't. You can't see anything down here. I can only see a shadow. That's not her mom. Yeah, that's how I'm like that. I can't see your face, Irma. Oh, there it is. It is Irma. Oh, I would recognize those anywhere. That is Irma. Those eyes, those eyes, those beautiful eyes. What happened to our feathered friend? He cramped out on the snows. That I could excuse. He went out of the run out of the studio to see Irma. He's probably sucking up Chinese food in the kitchen. I don't understand it. I mean, we really appreciate all the Chinese. We were only able, you know, a little nibble here and there because we had all this other food. But somebody we all know and love is probably in there right now. Sticking a little one-ton next to his cuddle bone. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I was very glad to hear there the news this morning that you're going to go to F.M. Why, but why do you have a show on AM? Certainly, don't. Just a jokes. Who's going to take your place? Jail. Yeah, Dave is going to know. What are the most important michaels is taking our place? What about, Mr. Colder, we considered after he's released from that rancid veil of tears. Unfortunately, no. I have very hostile feelings about that. But again, whatever I tell them here, they do the opposite. So I'm unfortunately not. It's too bad because he really was entertained. Yes, he is. And the genuine talent and a good friend. But, you know, it probably would have made a little too much sense. And you know that our AM station really does anything that makes too much sense. So what can I say? What can I say? Can I say something bad about WIOD? Oh, please. Well, immediately, if not sooner. I think they should be known as a station with their nose well that to Mr. Robby's rectum. Well, that's a good way to put it. Very, very succinct. Don't worry. So I figured we'd use that line. Well, that's what they call him when they are. He's Mr. Robby to us. They crawl from under the souls of his shoe to talk to him. Yep. And to look in those warm private parts. That's right. Yep. Imagine at that age, he probably doesn't shower, so. That's IOD for you. That's right. And I... They got a lot of credibility, you know. Oh, sure they do. Sure, they do. They... It makes me sick to listen to their sports stuff. Anyway, I am looking forward to listening to you on FM. Thank you. Well, very, very, very low, okay. Oh, okay, that'll do it. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, we will not be playing very, very, very low under penalty of death. Davey, hello. Now. Yeah. Welcome to my world. Hey, Bruce, how you doing? On a Thursday. Oh, on Thursday, right? A question in a comment. Is it... Nothing will ever come of that. It's not to get in that. For Fred McMurray, Freddie Martin, Frank Motech, or fresh meat. I mean, is that... Am I correct in that? Absolutely, yeah. That's not part of it, right? No. I mean, then wish everyone a happy circus to all the hitters in the world as we're about to record our own version of plenty there by by Whitebird. Great. Okay, and stepping down may become a career of the 90s. What's all the prepared? Okay, thank you. Okay, and I have any idea what he said, but it was a great call. Okay, we just stopped the crap up there, please. Already, you know, if you're going to contribute to this show, which so far today, we haven't heard it. Boy, oh boy. It hasn't heard. Yeah, isn't he? He's got a little, uh, little beak in the old basket there or something. I don't know what. But, uh, yeah, nosing around there with Irma and Irma says it was his... No, I can't say that on either. Oh, it was his idea. I'll bet it was. Well, I'm sure it wasn't your idea. Hope not. She said it was all your idea and she's disgusted and profalted and, uh, was it good for you or something like that? Is that the end of the message, Irma? Okay, by the way, now, about your friend's Scott trust me. Um, okay, where are we going next? Let's go to, uh, is he a close friend of yours? He, uh, you still have a crush on her. Really? Before we got tight with Jay. Irma's an old friend of mine. Another old friend. Now, I think Linda Thornton pegged it yesterday. Another old acquaintance. Ornd is a word you toss around very casual. Very nice. You know, I don't think you've got too many friends in this business. A acquaintance. Yeah, gold acquaintance. And what's, what do they say about that? Should all acquaintance, uh, North Dade? Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. This is Martin's Rabbi. Ha ha ha ha. Neil, this is, uh, guys that I could translate, are you bealing? Shall I? How you doing? Pretty good. Um, I'm happy to hear you guys move in a second, but I don't wake up there early. Well, you will. I will. You will. Yeah. Yeah. We're doing a new thing. It's called Late to Bed early to ride. Yeah. You're going to do it. Why? You're going to get a girlfriend. I mean, you're going to do that in any hour, sir. Ha ha. But it's for more fun tonight, you know? Why? What do you mean it's more fun tonight? Like right now it's a quarter after one. If you had somebody real hot there right now, like your and T, it would be real good, okay? I don't know. Hey. Are the brothers who I want? No. Oh, I'm the guy that keeps hanging around. You keep throwing me out. Well, keep hanging around. We'll use our good. Look at you. What? I don't know, but they're good. They'd be good. I'd be ill and for meeting so many of them. Some cookies. I don't know what they're. You know, you know, I've come about two or three times. Oh, you always, Larry? Yeah. You always, you always coming over wanting to come in and, uh, take over the show. Take over the show. Yeah. We can. I do a course on a keynote. And we keep throwing you out. Yeah. You do? That's all right. The ice cream store tonight. And back. Who is he? I'd like to come on the hit like to come on the hit. Wait a minute. The cough was good. Yeah, sure. I'd like to come on the show. I mean, hit. Do I know this guy? No. Now, you mean, come on the show. We're not going to have people on the show on the hit. If we got lead you led and the bird and me, what are kind of strangers? Uh, uh, not strangers, but I'm family. I'm home. No, you're stranger. No, not a family. With somebody. Maybe. Like maybe a national where they have those big eggs that they hatch. Um, Glenn. I've lost them by me last night. Uh-huh. I've got time. Excellent movie. Wow. Who's all of it? Excellent movie. Yeah. Have you caught in your heart? Angel Heart, I saw on the theater. Not excellent. Oh, I loved it. Weird movie, but I loved everything. Pay to the attraction. No. Act like so best in the same genre. You need to get that word genre to hear that. Yeah. One more movie. Pretty impressive. Um, um, No, so that music from, um, help, um, total play the music from. At Lady Ono. What do you mean? From June? Yeah. Auto played it. Had a rock back beat to it. Uh-huh. So that's from the Honeymore. The first few notes or something, right? That's from the Honeymore. Yeah. If you listen carefully to this, this is also from Honeymore. Yeah. I hate it. And you're the mom of that for children. Yeah. All right, guys. You want more Benny. We're trying to bust with Jackie Gleason. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Wouldn't that be great if that was the first record we played? Why not? We could really fakely gelat out. We could put this in a car machine up there on Monday morning and started. And he would think we're going to die on and on and on. Anything to drive me nuts. I'm all for. I would love to see Rick Shaw try to do the talk up on that car. Oh, yeah. He was, uh, who even Ricky might run on. In fact, let's give it a shot, should we? Yeah. I'm going to admit this could be exciting ladies and gentlemen. I'm going to be a good one now. Saying those things. If I'll be a you can listen. I had a half hour flight by this and there's absolutely nothing on the air except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever. And so I don't want it on and on and on. I mean there's no discussion about situations. It'd be bad. Oh, gosh. I'm so sure. No one's waiting out. It's just. God can't breathe. Oh, my God. Did you know that? He just unbelievable. I know both at the same time. Yeah. You know, we may have given Rick a new one. I had a time. Samlton is something. Yeah, something. I don't think we'd better say that. A new format for Ricky station. He can just put the intros of the records on. On. Right. He doesn't need to play the records. That would be good. I'd be level. Yeah. Yeah. Revolutionary. Okay. It's one 17 at WI and G. Let's cut the cramp here and we're going to get to the good calls. Although. You may not even get the advice. Wait. I think heads of a big graph saying we shouldn't really play Beck Nope 비�. of the Apovelli, where wine and innovative cuisine intertwined magically to seduce your taste buds. On the lunch menu from 11.32.30, choose from a variety of salads made from fresh hydroponic greens, grown right on the premises to thick omelettes and sandwiches. For dinner served from 6pm on, treat yourself to fresh marinated jumbled prawns, or the other fresh seafood dishes, homemade pasta, juicy steaks or veal, plus a fine whine list with over 200 selections. All of this and lots more. The Silverado also has live jazz to the In Thursday and special guest artists on Friday. The Silverado Cafe dinner reservations highly suggested there were 35-28 South University drive and Davy or call 474-9998. Oh boy, I didn't mean it that way. Can't believe you. Oh come on. What did I, that's not what I, let's forget it. Come on. We just did joke. Yeah. What's a call we're waiting on? Cost it. Oh, how do they call? Of course not. You're gonna give me in so much trouble. Just wait till Monday morning. Oh boy. Because when you go to do your disclaimers, I will very discreetly know leap out certain words because I'm gonna have your mics with. And you're never once you dig a hole, you'll never be able to crawl out over there. See here it's a different story because they're busy eating lunch upstairs. It's the way to sleep the mics open. But it's frightening. It's a good thing they didn't leave your mic open a minute ago. It was a slip of the tongue, but it came out very tacky. It would be like my saying that Mike and our lean are gonna do a two man news. You know what I mean? Something like that. No, I'm not. That was close. No, worse. No. Miami. Hello. Hi. This is mine. You're never gonna get your beak dipped again there. Whatever that was. Tell all my mouth. Oh, and how you today? Here comes Zermina. These are gonna get even with you. I'm great. Good. Looking forward to it, Murna. McVacation and somebody told me that you're leaving the station. Yes. What are you going? Going to our FM station, Murna. Oh, that's nice. It sure is right up the hall, Zeta 4, 94.9, Monday through Friday 6 to 10 AM. 6 to 10 AM. Right. Like when you're getting up in the morning. Yeah, that's all right. And you want a good laugh and you want to have a little fun in the morning instead of being depressed. Uh-huh. And instead of hearing 16 obscure records in a row, you know? Are you gonna be doing the same bit or what? The same stick you bet. Look. Is this Murna at Steve's? Yeah. Oh, I don't know. I wouldn't know that voice anymore. We sure enjoyed all those pizzas you sent over. We sure did. I'm glad you did. Yeah, they were great. Good. And Stan loved them too. Yeah, but he likes to take the cheese and you get too much cholesterol from that. Yeah, you're right. Well, he's just a cheesy kind of a guy, you know? So what's your favorite record these days, Murna? No, what do you and me? I was on egg pizza in the morning for breakfast. Oh, come on. No food in the morning, Murna. It's not permitted. Egg pizza. Yeah. And egg McPizza. Now you are into the Pope's smoked stope for a while with your favorite song. I was supposed to get my cape. You didn't get him? Oh, Ollie never brought him. Oh, no. Who never brought him? Are a-lein. A-lein. Oh, she'll do it. Yeah. The smoked stope in the I-95. Yeah, well, they're both on there and we'll get on that for you. Great. Well, I know only the question someone was telling me that you wanted to know, but you kept the answer on him and he was in a white-to-cancel hamburger. Five. You got it. Four, one-a-each corner and one-on-the-middle. Am I right? Right. Okay. Okay. I just figured it out, Murna. I'm a little slow. Good life. Okay, you too. A-by. Great to hear from her. A station stuff is coming up. Any minute, not. It's 12-4 at wins. And the head of the little something I was going to do here before we take our next call because I know the next call would be a big celebrity. Like Joey. Or maybe Larry Gibbs. A really big celebrity. Thank you. How quickly did he call? I was in so lonely. I was afraid he forgot in the baddest winter tonight. I think 10 in long hair. So I'm beat up in the neighborhood. I'm packing. My tail through eyes. It's long blonde hair. Like you. I'm a cat. There she goes. I think it's a constant, a golden text through my skin. When you drop eyes, you're going to check out that picture. It'll remember with the blue and white stripes. It shows my thoughts with the destination that never fails to take my breath away. I took the heat to the tip so that it's raw to get the clear clear the tension of your daddy. I'm so cool to your embrace. To hear him smoothness of your voice, to hear him love on my cheek. Until I'm mad at his skin, he'll grab. And this is here beneath the water that's not too quick to splash. It helps your face with good substance. When you catch me. You'll be strong as I try to with free. You know how I love this thing. And you call me type to your chest. And you set up new with your arms. So I don't want to look at this. You can go to the school of Bavaria. Okay, well listen, thanks, sir. You're going to have to be cool and calm. Come on up here, wait a minute. Hello. No. Yeah. This is the first official call. Hey, again. From the beautiful car outside of the YNZ. Oh, look at who you're. Oh, look at who you're. Yeah, what a great sounding sound sounds good. By the way, man, I tell you one of the best sound systems I've ever heard. Oh, yeah. I got a great great out plan. What'd you do? Take that out for us. No. We'll take the little mom. Yeah. With a delco. Oh, no. Oh, my goodness. Good. I know. Did I'm going to get the blame come alive? Oh, yeah. What I was there. Oh, well, your food did it. Okay. Your change is this position. And then her and her came in. He cleaned that little peck on the cheek. And that was me. I thought it was me. I had to call him. Oh, no, no, no. Okay. One thing one question we wanted to ask you though. I mean, is this phone going to work from Gerber's? Oh, oh, my omits. Okay. My omits? That's all we wanted to know. Well, I just wanted to tell you, you don't mind to play. Take a ride around and maybe come back. Let me tell you, Glenn, for my part, you can take it. The Jacksonville. I'll leave it part there. You know what I'm saying? Any act that realizes listening out there. I just wanted to, I want them to know the appeal of when you say something over the air. Yeah. You just called. Tell you what hostailers and the folks have been ringing off the hook. Excellent. An announce the special. Any legitimate calls? So what we're doing here is an in the special through Sunday. Oh, you're excellent. And we're going to. I'm sorry. We're going to add one more thing to the special in the O'Rodges special. We're going to add the mobile portable phone. Mobile. We're 15.95. They're usually 23. Beautiful. But that's the Neil Rogers special. And I'm just going to make myself comfortable and here I make a few walk distance fall call. Yeah. I call Hawaii for me. I got a bunch of call jack Lord for me. Will you please? But it's ready to go and after a show, we'll give you the grant to our How to use your new toy. Beautiful. Okay. Thank you. I want to phone, Glenn. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Yeah. I did sound great for a car phone. It was beautiful. 949. 9100. That's a number for cellular wholesalers. Very good. Full sailor. It's a grubber. 949. 9100. The Neil Rogers special are extending it all through the weekend. And you know, we're going to make it so cheap to have a phone in your car that everybody can call us on mobile in the morning. Yeah. We just have Stan put it on car mobile. Mobile. You do that for us. I doubt it. Well, South David. Hello. Hello. Hi. Is this me? This is you. Okay. And this is me. First time caller and I want to congratulate you. Thank you. You're welcome. Can we count on you to be there? Well, I've got a problem with that. Oh, boy. I've got a. I like your stove and it's I'm fact. It's very difficult for me to ever call you because I do work. And the only reason I am calling you today is because my son is at a school. And I was able to tune in and stay tuned in on the phone. Right. The problem I have in the morning though is I don't want my son to hear your stove. Oh. Are you serious? I'm serious. How old are you? I was about 25. Seriously. How old is he? He's 9. Oh, come on. I got you know that I had a letter the other day from a seven year old boy who listens to the show. But after what you said about watching mommy dearest, I. Mommy dearest. Yeah. What did I say about that? You don't even have to. You watch mommy dearest. You have to change your underwear three times. What's wrong with that? I couldn't explain that to him. I mean, you know, there's. Oh, it's very easy to explain. Just tell him. Remember when he was a little baby and he used to do a little tinkle in his underwear. And it's just a joke. I know it's a joke. I can appreciate it. But I know it's easy. Oh, yes. You're not. You're selling him short, believe me. Just a little joke. I know. I mean, if that's the worst thing we ever said. But he's a dog. He's a dog. He's a dog. He's a dog. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Okay. We'll save the dirty stuff to laughter. 830. Promise? Okay. Also, what is standing going to do now that he's not going to have any. For people following over. Well, Stan is going to be doing a dictionary definitions on his show every day. In fact, today, he's going to start with words that can be a noun and a verb. And the first one today is troll on a stand major show. And the definition of that is Rick's. Yeah. Very good. Let's play it on. You start saying these things and playing those songs that you play with the lyrics that are in there. It's shocking. Guys are quick. I know. You are very quick. We're a sharp as a motsible. Yeah. A sloter. Okay, listen, have a wonderful life and please don't desert us. I, I, I won't. Please, me. Okay. Thanks a lot. That was a tough one. No, I look. She's got a legitimate point. She doesn't want to corrupt the mind of a young son. She's a young boy, a young boy. She only knew what he was talking about. But the young friends and that's cool. You're going to try that out. I'm serious. Those little kids, you know, like, ever, uh, river penis and all those little kids. You wouldn't believe the stuff that comes out of their mouth. Or, or the stuff that goes in it. How? How what could it say? Oh, terrible. Terrible. How could you say that to joke? Just for a lot of day. Unbelievable. Get some dd. Oh, wait a minute. I would know this voice anywhere. We've been expecting your call. And people will talk about it at the water cooler. Yeah. And I bet they are, too. Regulations on your FM promotion. Thank you. The new shirt travels fast, don't it? It sure do. Going to a news break to play to make vivid pivot spot. They did play it. Yeah. So, you know, I guess new travel spas. Oh, I guess Bob forgot to cover the spot. He was, uh, he was busy eating. Oh, boy. Well. Yeah, you're new engineer on next Tuesday will be Bruce Williamson. It's going to be great. You get to hear the Michael Jackson Blubbans stereo, right? Yeah, that'll be good. Yeah, by the way, how was the spot? How did it say on the spot? What spot? On the glockland pivot. Yeah. But David pivot. Is that how you say it? Yeah. It's hard to understand that guy when he was saying it. Oh, it's 10 in the quarter entrance or something. That's all I caught on it. Great. Um, look to the rumor mill. I heard our rumor just recently. That sense, uh, you're going on to the morning drive that Herman and McBean are getting yanked up. CTR again and they're going to put in Bill McQuig. Oh, I can't wait for that. Joey is really in trouble now, right? Yeah, heavy duty. Yeah. Let's see. What else I want to ask you? The jet chase they're going to be over there? No. No. Okay. Let me see it again. I heard you. No. Hey. One thing. You know, what if you could play that car a lot? Did you have car a lot? Car a lot. What the guy's a stone car is in a yelling because it's Sunday. Do you have any idea what he's going to call him? I think he must be a bit from Herman and McBean. No, no, come on. I haven't got any idea what you're talking about. Call the car. Car spots. You know, they're always yelling and everything. Yeah. You got to you got to cart there. Boy, it sounds good. I've never heard of it. Yeah, that sounds like the beginning of a good bit. Yeah. I'll come on. I don't know what you call it, but that's what it is. You know, I saw something in there. I swear. You did. I swear. Yeah. It's a lot of the marginal stuff that I don't touch. Yeah. I swear. I swear it's car a lot on the front or something. Car a lot. That's swear. Probably in your rack. Doesn't say Chrysler does it. I don't know. No. Chrysler's the other one. How about crack go road repair? That sounds good. What would you settle for that? OK. No, you won't settle for that. I just don't know what doesn't even ring a bell. You know, it doesn't sound vaguely from the Lord never heard it. But I know I've seen the L. You never heard it? Uh-huh. It exists. But I don't know what the hell you call him. How about kung fu theater? No. Well, I don't think I've ever heard. Boy, it sounds great. It really does sound excellent. It is funny, and I just wanted to, you know, chance to hear it again. I think it's way to yesterday on Sancio. Maybe it's one of his. Maybe we're sitting here wasting our time looking in my rack and it's over here with all of the stuff that he hides He's been hiding a lot of stuff lately, you know, is that it? Oh look at this we just found Diane Florida See now we may not find what you want but you know the process we may find a lot of good stuff that we want you know I'm saying this could be a bonanza May he rest in peace When you when here in Dianflock, okay, this is worth it, okay? Okay, how a good day have a good circus. I'll leave it there. Okay, now this I had the panic and look at the timing of this He just came wandering in the door only as we speak The same man who has these evil red and blue pens striking terror into the hearts of cartridges from coast to coast Congratulations I think Yeah, to all of us by virtue of listening some of your colors today. I'm beginning to wonder why we had great We had very I heard your colors When one day you're gonna be able to one day. This is my colors aren't smart enough to operate computers. You know what I mean? Boy, did No, Mr. Hugo you better he'll be in a Monday. He'll probably be on that What no clock yeah 10 o'clock Yeah, it was always challenging me saying that I wouldn't take him on you know And then when I was on 10 to 2 and he had every opportunity to go in there up against me all of a sudden he went in there two to six Doesn't that strike you as a little bizarre? Well, I'll have to look into that merch yesterday. Yeah, that's bizarre. They're probably yeah, but that bird you know I know the bird. I know the bird It's a little But it's incredible He's not doing much you know Not exactly setting a new standards for the broadcast industry at IOD Well, we want to wish you a lot of new New what a new standard as he called him yeah, you'll call it a one-on-one Asked if anybody wanted by a house in plant too Don't forget our first guest on Zeta Monday morning time shadden From Buffalo and North Tana wonder Sunny popsicle. No, it's sunny hasn't called today. I wrong Nobody did that Jamie David caught in here at yeah He's got a car phone as we found out the other day when he Magnificent slips through on your show where we know the Marcy doesn't have a car phone Well, she has one, but it's hidden But anyway, Jamie and we said thank you to him and that immediately warmed him up and they promised they'll be listing there with bells on with bells on their nose and rings on their toe Good, maybe they won't be able to flip back to AM Oh, no, they wouldn't abandon you slammy a time Come, they wouldn't abandon you for love or money because Jamie wants to share you Sure with your girlfriend 23 before 2 at WI and zoo we're gonna take a little break if that's okay at this point and I know there's a lot of you know What is that thing about the J walkers or the pedestrians So many pedestrians so much food and so little time that's Bob's gonna have his own new bumper sticker $50 Not too late to back out of that mortgage to come on $50 I want to pay the flood like this song I want to live where even we all can have fun like my rotten romance on those girls in the rain I want to die Get let on I want to die If my life's loving you and you have tried to walk long, we'd go off to And when it's time to head south and breath I want to go home with a living so best I want to die In sight Okay now you got a transfer that's 135 we don't have 134 in here can you do that? Will wait. Celebrity call coming up. Are you part of? I'm sure but it likes that. No. No he's busy. Well why does he need this? Because he can't do that. Don't you understand he's busy up there. I'll get to it. Wait a minute we got a celebrity call coming in. Hello. No no what are you doing now it's on there hello. Celebrity caller. Here it comes. Any moment. Speak to us. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. That's my year. He said I say because. Yeah. He said no I know that wasn't sunny I can understand. He every word. Yes, sunny mode tag that's more like. But he sleeps. He sleeps during the day. Who does? Sunning. I think the word in the East. I think passes out. Are the words you're looking for not sleeps? Four lotter days. Hello. Four lotter days. Oh. Hi. How are you doing today? Great. Well I've more company would like to pledge an hour to your show. Great. Fantastic. Yeah. Very good. Now, there's that an hour of peace to the whole company put together. Well, let's see. There's so many people in this company. We could have you covered for about a week. For months. Yeah. That's good. Definitely. You got his amazing poise as we do. It can cover from now till the end of my contract. How's the next book is? Yeah, right. Are you having a good circus? Yeah. How have you had a great circus? Yeah, we had some very typical circus food. You know, some corn beaf and pistrami. Some delicious dill pickles. Traditional circus food. Yeah, and little Chinese soup with little crap-loch and imperfect. Oh, there's a little chicken thing. Yeah. Little Chinese people in the soup. Yeah. Many people love that chicken stuff. Little Chinese are very villashees in the soup. Is there a dance to that? He's right here. You better believe it, Chiai. Is he still trolling for a partner? Yeah. Just got one. Did you? Who is it? Oh, he just took the picture out of the mail. Who is it? Yeah, she's about two years old. He's cute. Oh. I'm standing for God about those child labor laws, you know? Brooke. Well, I was kind of dead myself because I thought I had the credentials for it. It sounds like you do. Yeah. Just so happens to have brown hair and brown eyes. Wow. Okay, so far. Okay, and my name begins with a jay. Wow. You're shooting at a leg up. Judy? Evergas. You'll never get it. No, it's my turn. Jay. No. You'll never get it. Jasmine. Oh. You're male. Oh. Jame. No. Jame. Jame. Jame. Jame. Jame. Jordan. It's my Joey, man. Joe. Go ahead. Go ahead. What would it be funny for a name was Joey, right? I don't think we don't even have to play his name anymore. Oh, yeah. Good. We give it a long time. Yeah. We give up. Yeah. That's great. Go ahead. What is it? We give up. Yeah. What are your other credentials? No. What's the name for? First name is Jay. That's pretty, isn't it? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. One of my guys this radio didn't tell me they heard me talking to you. Fantastic. Well, you're everywhere. You know, you're a friend or acquaintance of the bird. They're a family's and all the time. Yeah. Okay, Jay. Well, what are you going to do now? Are you going to send me a letter or something? Well, yeah. Are you really interested? I really want to. Because I'm desperately seeking a sidekick. Well, I'd love to do it. Okay. All right. Send me a letter. Okay. A little snapshot. A little snapshot. How little? Oh, just a little tiny thing. Just big enough to include all your bodily parts. Okay. All right. Thank you, Jay. Thanks. And watch out for him. Okay. Bye-bye. 13 till 2. But I've been going in the day. North Miami. Hello. Yeah. I'm pretty disappointed. About what? About the switch. Oh, my god. This is our first one today. First complaint. That is like six to ten. Who is up at those hours? Hopefully most everybody is. The real degenerates who sleep in though too. It's not fair for you to do this to your loyal listeners who get the eight rating. Okay. I'll stay here. Fan. Yes. You actually believe that people think that you guys got this machine. That station is never going to the spring for that. Come on. Okay. So what do you want to believe? What machine? The analizer. Sir. Hey, sir. They're all prepared. I'm going to lie there. Looked in the air. See? Sir. Thank you. I'm over there. Wow. Hey, Emily. You're okay. You're all okay. I was going the day. And you didn't want to kill this car. Anybody know? Don't you see? Any snow Senator? By the way, so that's no good angle. I'm tired of spending so much air shots running around the country. And stop it. How about only went there? here too, to walk we're going to do the same thing that we've done since I came here in June 8th, you know if they wanted to and in they can tune in. And if not, listen in at two and maybe from like nine to ten but earlier than that, well, what's better in the alternatives than they have to know and in the morning? It's pretty, it's bad. I mean this, this made the day pass like so easily. I hope that guy replacing you is halfway decent because these other people are... You'll be just fine. I'll have to give it a try. Good luck. Good luck. If the next appearance is, how is the melting pot? Is it that good? Yes. We'd be there Friday at 6.30. Or is it 9 o'clock? Yeah, we'll be there a week. We'll be there a week. We'll be there a week. We'll be there a week. We'll be there a week. Are we going to get my hand next to this? No, it really is great and if you haven't been there you're missing it. Expensive? No. No, it's not. Don't go. Don't go. Listen, the appetizers are 43 dollars. No, I listen, the dessert is 150. Have a wonderful meal, sir. And we'll see you there next Monday. And you can better life. Okay. Are you there? There you go. Oh, you'll see. He'll tell everybody where we had ice cream last night. Yes. Because I didn't hear you mention it. Yes, I did. A couple times. About the new lady, what is her name? I don't know what her name is. I don't know. I must have lived on those young ladies and right away get their name in shoe size. Like you do. And Michelle will be there for a day. And she's right ahead. Delicious blueberry ice cream. Oh, it was good. Yeah. And I mentioned the last part but it is that neither Brian nor Josh were their last night. Right. So that was very nice. Was a breath of fresh air. Right? Great. Nice letter today. And we sat down on the patio and people still came by. Yeah. To say, a nice people. Yeah. Incredible. Including the guy. What a little bit of a say. What a little bit of a say. There before we work, you know. None. What can I tell you? Did Don Johnson call you? What would you do if he called you? Would you what you were your treasure? Is it your brain? Any question? Does that sure he's listening? Don called me. He thought his mic off now. He's sobbing again. Cut his moderians. Okay. 10 before two. It's done. See, the man is regressing again. Can't help it. He just, so we thought he was just fine. and all of a sudden, not of nowhere out of the blue. You remember like in Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Wright in the beginning, he had a drink depotio change. And then after a while, just spontaneously, like in the middle of nowhere, like in a public tea room somewhere, all of a sudden, bingo. Don call me. On the pool. How come he's Mike is on again? Oh, shut it off. 94-2 at Wins will come back right after this. Now, what nature loves everywhere? It's the collection you've been waiting for, the National Audubon Society presents the sounds of the bird. Yes, fill your home with a wide variety of species that will charm you and your friends. Enjoy such gems as the sound of the red-breasted chocolate. Ha ha ha ha. Listen with Glee to the slightly shocked calculator as he surprised in his nest. Ho ho ho ho. And who cannot be touched by the early morning wake-up call at the two-toed gaffer. Ha ha. You're here for the first time on any recording. The mysterious and ominous mating call of the side kicking bulge. And even your children will be thrilled when they hear the actual hatching of a whole nest of our feathered friends. These and more will delight you and your family for years to come. The National Audubon Society is proud to present this collection to the bird-loving public. Call now 1-800-555-bird or write to the bird. Big Bika-Aua 8099-999. Said check or money order for 599 for the album, 1699 for the compact disc. All monies will be donated for the preservation of our feathered friend, the bird. Ho ho ho ho. Six minutes till two and two minutes. W-Y-Y. Well, we, the third time. I'm going to leave it on now. He's going to be, hey, it's his show coming up. He wants to burp and belch on a million. Maybe you're a joyous sunny or probably call a mushroom. Probably. Okay, here's what, here's how it's a journal calling. You should be burping like that. Here's what we'll do. What? All of the big haunchos who were afraid to call in to wish you well. Yeah. We didn't have a call from how it was found. Yeah, they were very nice. Yeah. But you know, if you do, they'll call up the front office and all this kind of, you know, brown nose and up there. Uh, well, you never know. Okay. Uh, they can start dialing in during the newscast. They're two o'clock. Yeah. All the lines will be available. And then what? And we'll just, I'll take the calls and uh, you can sit here for five minutes. Can't you? No, I got to go out and see my car phone and then we got to take a tour. I got news for you. They left. What do you mean they let you took your car and they're gone? Well, he'd be right here. Oh, okay. Glenn, be right here. Oh, don't worry anyway. Okay, but they can call in and uh, you know, and say what? Well, what avoid him? A milk. See this? He's milking his show. Kind of like the leftovers from my show. No, no, they leftover celebrities who can't get in because you got a mung people calls. How is it sunny gets in every other day? With no problems. Is he ever had trouble getting through to you? No, because I don't have any callers except jerks in the first hour. Well, so doesn't that include him? What do you mean except? I think the jokes on he. I think the joke. I think the ado will call me because I like Rick. And he likes me and I think he's boring. And I think like Joel would call me. I think he's a good guy. I think Joey would call me. I even like Donald and I don't even know him, but he's a moron, but I like him. I don't go to. Joey, I don't like nobody likes Joey. Even like either works with him in more hasten. He can't stand it. Sunrise. Hello. Sunrise. Gone? Game on you. Miami, hello. Oh. Yes. Oh, am I? Notice how this kills the show when he takes phone calls. Go ahead. Leave my callers alone. No. Hello. Hello. Hey, you alright? Pay no attention to this maniac. Go ahead. OK. That is my call again. Go ahead. What time are you all? I need a job. Where are you going? Go ahead, man. What's going on? You see off? Yeah. Are you there? Mobile? Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. How you doing? I was having problems with my radio. What did Stanisda grow for us? Napershot? Yeah. That's exactly it. Hey, listen, Neil. I believe it. I tuned in to W's News, and there was a special bulletin. Owens, why are the thank you for the bottom of his heart? He's going back to 10 o'clock and he wants to be the number one talk show host on AM radio. Yeah, right. George. That'll be the day. Yeah, exactly. Over Sandy, over Sandy's dead body. Well, that's it. You see, now he changed everything. You know, I can't listen to Joey anymore. I mean, what's his work on? I know. I know. I'll always wait up to Bertie's now. Well, listen, we'll make you a little bit of a... You can pledge Joey one quarter hour a month. What is his pledging stuff, by the way? No, he does that every morning. He's desperate. I don't understand it. He's desperate. Are you going to need to be pledging, Neil? Yeah. Okay. My pledge to Neil Rogers. Now listen, I'm going to... Remember that record by the Joe Jeffrey group. This is my pledge. I love. I'm glad you're welcome. We play on that right anymore. I'll go all the ways by the way. That's right. His guns are listening and the Scott and all the other folks in the state of the world. Rick Peters. Peter, I want to know, should I put off for 6-07 or 6 AM? 6 AM. No news at the top of the hour. 6 AM. No. We're not going to have any of these long interruptions. Any of this boring stuff, any of these local and area news headlines. Excuse me, Mike. None of this stuff, okay? None of this thing is there. I don't have time. Okay. How do you guys serve you, Bertie? The other thing is goodbye, I guess. And the stand's going to be around. So all you celebrities now, let's clear the lines. And let's get the really big names going in from the queues.