Something is rotten in Miami. No question about that. It's me. My disease. Are you part of it? I've been used. It might be you. Well, that's possible. I want to jump to any rash conclusions, but it might be confused. I don't know. I'm not trying to get confused. I was wondering. I couldn't get it. Well, the president's confused. So we're all entitled to be confused. Oh, maybe it's this possible. Yeah. Let's talk to you about a thunder because I think it's every night when I got the I am free. All like that was new. Well, when you talk to me, you learn something. Yeah, I did learn. I did. I listened to you, but I can't listen to change for your day. I'm not. I used to really just play out. I just listen to you listening. Well, how could you hear me at night if you can't hear the station at night now? When you were on, right. I heard that. I heard you. But they see since you're gone. I want to get music. Like it's new, so like yes. But someone was a radio brother. I hope it's not me. OK. Well, try it again. All right. Thank you very much. When it's on in tonight, you'll hear Bernard Meltzer. Yeah, Bernard Meltzer. Right? Exactly. It's Dr. Bernard Meltzer. There's a he's doing his job. Well, he's on tonight right here on this station. Oh, what time is he on? Seven o'clock. Laten? Let me say it again. Seven o'clock. Seven, like after six and before eight. Seven. Mm-hmm. OK. Thanks a minute. You bet. Have a nice weekend now. OK. Hey, Ralph. You too. 1136 at WI and Z. We have an opening in date. 624-091 mobile phone in date. Hello. On you? Yes, sir. I've been listening to you for quite a while. And I enjoy listening to you. But I can't understand why so many people, elderly, what had you call you up and answered to pessimistic attitudes. For example, with our kids. I mean, our kids have a great opportunity. To what? I mean, they're growing up. They have a, we aren't at war right now. We have a economy which seems to be shaping up from the old days of the high high inflation. It's shifting around. People are able to go to college. I mean, there's all sorts of things. A lot of these people are calling, like the gentleman before you, says that I don't know what the future is for kids. But I've heard that for my father. I've heard that for all of these people that grow up and they can't stand today's kids. Kids are changing. No, wait a minute. He didn't say he couldn't stand today's kids. He didn't say that at all. He said that he doesn't know what to do. He said that he doesn't know what kind of a legacy we're leaving for. I think that there is that we have the major problems like the deficit and what have you. But I think they're going to be faced. I mean, it takes a little period of time to change everything around. You can't, everybody can't just criticize the media president because it's a congressional act that changes that. Well, you can't, you can't criticize a president who doesn't know what's going on. That's true. You can't hold him accountable because he doesn't know. Well, we don't really. I mean, that's confused. You might say that, but I would hate to live back several years ago. And you could put money into a money market. But can I ask you a question, is there anything besides money that makes it different? I mean, I know you're calling me from your nice mobile phone now. And that's wonderful. And there's nothing wrong with having money. But I mean, is that the only criterion by which we judge how the country is going and the condition that the world is in? No, that's not the only criteria. I mean, when we when we do business with terrorists, and we when we lie to the public, and when we, you know, sell arms to lunatics. And we do all of the things that we've been doing. And when we foam, meant war and this content and places all around the world, does that mean that everything is great? Because we don't have a high interest rate, or I mean a high inflation rate. I mean, everything is wonderful. Well, that's very important, you know. And the other thing. But how important is it? Is it more important than the other things I talked about? Absolutely not. It's not more important. I mean, who, you know, you talk about the kids who's going to pay off all of this enormous that that we're talking about. President submits a budget of 1.3 trillion dollars. Whoever heard a such a thing. He submitted that because the fact of everybody who wants to have all the given ways forever. Oh, sir. Sir, listen, listen, take your mobile phone. Have a wonderful life and good luck to you, sir. See, when I first came on the daytime, I used to joke about the pseudo intellectuals with their mobile phones. And so on, it was just tongue and cheek. And we've had a lot of really good callers and mobile phones, whether they agree or disagree. But here's the guy who fits in in that category. He's got his possessions and his material things. And that's really where he's coming from. I've been entitled to live that way in more power to him, but I just can't, I can't relate to that. I'm just not on the anywhere near the same wavelength. We have two open lines in date again. The date number is 624-0191. This has been a really strange morning. I'll tell you. I mean, a lot of times I'll say that. I'm just kidding around. But this has been strange. Let me give that date number one more time. And let's see if they're listening in data if they're revolting this morning. And of course, some of the callers from both counties have been pretty revolting already. 624-0191. And Bernard Meltzer will be on this evening and talk net is here every night from 7 in the evening till 5 in the morning. And they talk and they give advice and everybody has a wonderful time. And she asked me about the nighttime ratings and which near had a 5.1 share in WIOD had a 4.4 share and talked at a 4.3. So, you know, for the first time out of the box, talk net, in fact, in its individual hours did pretty well. And I think the folks here are pretty well satisfied with it. 20 minutes before noon at WI and Z will be right back. 18 before noon at WI and Z, Ron Harrison is over there at the Overseas Electronics. And he's standing by right as I speak right now, right Ron? Right you are, Neil Rogers. And here we are at Overseas Electronics Superstore, featuring warehouse to you prices. I'm just getting a lesson on compact discs here. And that's interesting. We've got TVs, video recorders, stereo systems, Walkman's car, stereo, compact disc players, lots of those, camcorders, tapes and accessories. And the compact disc players are really a big item here. And they are selling like crazy. We've got great name brands in all types of electronics. Sony, Panasonic, JBC, NEC, Zina, GE, and TDK to name a few. And some great Super Bowl specials this weekend. Come on, buy and take a look at color TVs from only $139. Video recorders, from only $229. A great selection of big screen projection TVs from Sony, NEC, Pioneer and others, and that little Sony, 19 inch cable ready color TV, only $298. It's gorgeous. We're open seven days a week, most major credit cards accepted. The announcing available to qualify buyers. How do you get here? That's easy. We're located on the Palmetto 826 Expressway at the Northwest. 58 Street East Exit. You can see us from the Palmetto. If you want to save in every way, come to Overseas Electronics Superstore today. OK, I certainly will. We'll be talking to Ron again in just a matter of seconds. As a matter of fact, we have two lines open and day where they just dropped off in the last couple of seconds here. 624-01-91 is our date number. And I have a feeling that 1987 could be browards here. This could be the year that Broward gets no wraps on the show that they're on their best behavior. All the Broward lines have been full all morning. And the date people now are picking up where the Broward folks left off. They are really strange. Charlie, what good morning. Mr. Rogers. Yes? I'm the first time call where. Oh boy. And I like to hear your program. Yeah. And I tried to get into you yesterday, but it lines are always busy. Yeah. When you're talking about the police. Yes sir. And here I come down Hollywood Boulevard. Oh, wait a minute. You got a story for us about the police? Well, I want to talk about the incident. I got a ticket on the show. Oh no. No, we don't take those kind of calls sir. Miami Beach, hello. Hi Neil. I thought I'd give a little representation from date County this morning. Is there anybody alive this morning? You know, last week we had Linda Thornton here and it was incredible. I was amazed. We had all younger callers and the phones were just jammed the whole time. We had a great show. And now, in a crusader days kind of unpredictable. I come on here and I come through the sunshine. I drive to work. It's a beautiful day. I'm in a great mood. The ratings are great. Life is wonderful. And you sit down. And these people are just incorrigible today. Well, you tell you the truth. They're all calling for me form school. Right. And I'm in my own reform school because I keep on hearing how beautiful you're saying it's out. But I can't go out because I have to go to work and to me it's torture to go out for an hour on a beautiful day and then have to go to work. Yeah. When you can imagine how I feel. Right. So I thought I'd give a little representation. But I do not know if anyone's alive out there. I. I think all the live people are at the beach. They must be. Because there's no way in the world that anybody, you know, who's. Not brain dead. It's just to kind of vegetating on a day like this. Right. I didn't want to say something about the jury systems and she were talking about it. I had an opportunity to be on a jury a few months ago. It was for a civil case. But I never. I always used to be, you know, mis-patriotic. And I thought that, you know, nobody could say anything. Or, you know, America was perfect in every way. But as far as the jury system, I always thought, you know, that's the only way to go. But when I went on the jury, then I realized that, you know, I said, I can't believe that I'm making a decision about this. And that the six people that will have five other people that were with me. It was just a matter of, I, I felt like the, one of the person's attorney, who, I sided with that person. But I thought his attorney was incompetent. So I felt sorry for the guy because he had such a loud, the attorney. And the other people, I mean, to make a long story short, it wasn't really a matter of who we saw out was, you know, there were so many other, what he circumstances, whatever, that made us come up to a decision. It was of course about money. And one person on the jury didn't want to give the man a penny. I, on the other hand, wanted to give him more than anyone else. So we ended up with a compromise. If I had kept quiet, you know, he would have gotten very, very, very little. And the other hand, you know, if I could have gone out for a couple hours more, I feel like we could have gotten him, you know, a few, maybe, you know, thousands and thousands of dollars more. But I felt like this isn't as a jury. I'm not supposed to be the man's attorney. You know, I'm just supposed to be one of six, not, you know, change everybody's mind. So it's really, I'm with you. I mean, I would really be, I mean, and this was just money. But if it were about, you know, spending the rest of my life in prison or something like that, I mean, it's, it's pretty bad. Yeah, well, I don't, you know, we had the gentleman to call earlier says we can't do any better than that, and that's the best possible system. And if that's the best system, then I guess we're never going to have any justice. Yeah, it really, it's not just, and I mean, the only way I rationalized what I went through, I just figured, well, this is money, you know, it's not somebody's life, but at least have a good relationship with you. At least have people, you know, if you're not going to, like what you were saying, trained or professional jurors, whatever, you have to have a certain amount of intelligence and screen them better. I mean, what you're screened, they ask you three questions, four questions, you can lie, you know, if you want to be on the jury, because you want to get a couple of dollars, or you just want to be on, or you don't want to be on people that are, you know, they would be real good jurors are getting off left and right, because they don't want to go through it. So they do have to work on something because they judge, I mean, I could not believe because we were deliberating for so long because we could not come up with, you know, but again, this situation yesterday has got nothing to do with whether or not they can come up. I mean, if it's going to be a hung jury, it's going to be a hung jury, but to come back and to say we've reached a verdict and then to give a non unanimous decision, I mean, you've got to understand these 11 people all participated, it is, though, that one of the jurors or the former of the jury, they slipped this note in and said, okay, you know, I want to go home and I'm a sick of this, all 11 collaborated on this atrocity on this, Travis, the of justice. So there's something really wrong there. It is, and they would think especially in, they'd county where there's so much, you know, there's just so much crime and whatever that they would have some better system. I don't know, I hope somebody somewhere, but I'm sure this has been going on for so long and it will just continue. I mean, it's one of those things like the gambling that I don't think is going to change. No, nothing, you're right. And these people get angry at me because they expect me to sit here and to continue promoting things that are never going to fly and to, you know, keep making a jackass out of myself. What's the use? What's the point in it? I can't, you know, you can't make gold out of chop liver. Right? Exactly. Well, what can I say? Listen, hang in there and have a good weekend. Okay, you can take care. It's 10 minutes before noon at WynC. I've heard of some ludicrous things, but off the air where we seem to be getting most of our calls by the way this morning. Somebody had a request for a guest on this program. You know what they wanted to be the guest? And I'm going to tell you this about as much chance of that happening as a president Reagan calling in the show at 1205 to wish me a happy Martin Luther King's birthday. That's about how much chance there is of me shall being a guest on this show. Okay, we have an open line in each county in day six two four, O one nine one, and in Broward 764, O 707 and about 15 minutes ago, I think I really hit on what's going on here today. Yesterday I came in and I was really upset because they're broken into my car, try to steal it broke the steering column. I had to go through a really traumatic situation and the phones rang off the hook and every when you're upset when you're angry when you've been violated when something horrible happens. Like I said, TV4, misery loves company, but when they feel that you're enjoying yourself, then they don't want anything to do with you because they can't relate to that. Don't you understand? They have no concept of what that's all about. Anyway, our next caller, I promise, will be that pay phone and date, but first, Ron here is some standing by and Ron doesn't wait for any of this monkey business because he's got important things going on. 54 WI and ZI finally discovered what a big part of our problem is part of the constant indigestion that exists in South Florida, too much corn be. I'm telling you folks, it's going to kill you, it's poison. Loaded with salt and with all kinds of growth, test, ingredients that you're not even aware of. I mean, where do you think they get corn beef? You think they're some animal that they just slice into a there. It's cool if it's corn beef. Now of course, it's one of those manufactured kind of meats like pastrami. Did you ever see a cow that looked like a pastrami? Where does that stuff all come from? And you're gorging yourselves with it. You're just downing like the guy who called last week about who can eat that sandwich for $6.95, right? I wish we had him back this morning. Are you listening, sir? Please give us a call. Let's find out how your indigestion level is on the rectus scale. I said we take the pay phone next because I can't imagine anybody hanging on a pay phone to call on this show. Hello? How are you doing? Pretty good. Are you really on a pay phone? Yeah, so not so I wind it. See over in South Bay. How's the traffic? Pretty good. Pretty good. I just wanted to comment. I was listening to that 90 year old lady that said that you get news music on talk net. Right. Well, the your FM signal, the R&D FM rocket with fire, so that stuff. It bleeds through into your AM signal at night. Are you serious? I'm not kidding you. The other night I was listening to Bruce Williams talking about automobile stuff like that. And then faintly in the background, you could hear the music. That's incredible. Can you imagine what that could do for the FM's ratings? Yeah, maybe it'll boost them a little bit, right? Well, couldn't hurt. I'll tell you that. I just wanted to make that comment because maybe you didn't, you don't, you don't, you know. No, I never heard of that before I had no idea that was going on. I was bleeding through. I can hear it. It's insanely, you know, in the background. It doesn't, you know, talk net does not come through very clearly. So it might be something your transmitter or, you know, out there on the control board where the program director is, maybe he needs to move. Are you hearing this in a house or in your car? Because I never hear it in the car. I hear it in my house. In the house. I think it's a blast that I got in one of my bedroom and then on my stereo that's on the live radio. That is phenomenal. I sure appreciate it. I'm going to pass it along to our student engineering staff and see if we can't, you know, do something intelligent like shutting the FM off at night or something like that. I think that'd be good. I mean, you know, well, I think so. That's not me. No, thank you. I appreciate it. But that's incredible. I see here I was and I was really doubting the veracity of that 90-year-old woman who called, who was obviously well well-intentioned. And she said she's trying to hear talk at night on WINC. She's hearing music. And if she's hearing the 95-INC boy, what a culture shock that's got to be, right? No wonder she sounds confused. Better have a long chat with the programming office up in the front of the building for the FM. It's on the FM 94.9, not on AM. See, there's that spill over that crossover 94 AM 94.9. We got everybody confused. They don't know what the hell they're listening to. Okay, we have an open line in day. If you'd like to join us, our number in dayd county, the land of the free and the home of the grave is 624-01-9-1. Let's do that again very, very slowly to make sure that the people in the downtown area who are listening to the FM bleeding in the background, here are the numbers 624. In fact, those were the numbers 2-4 for the FM. 624. You know, believe me, do you Tom? That's serious, trust me. And that's why they're all sitting shivvy up in the front of the building. 624-01-9-1-time Gallagher is here. He has no idea what's going on. He's in the state of oblivion. He just wonders what they're all he's doing here. But he's going on vacation for a few days, so he's looking forward eagerly to that and wants to leave all of this foolishness behind him. News from CBS at the top of the hour and we'll come back at 1206. News that's first fast and factual taught that fresh, frank, and furious were Florida's favorite W.I.N.Z. Miami, Florida Dan. 1159 Wednesday, I'm good morning for the newsroom. Here's what's happening. Two robbers who used a sought-off shotgun and... 1206 at W.I.N.Z were back for our number three and what's been a really upside down kind of a Saturday morning. And now we're into the afternoon and it'll probably be even more upside down. Be sure to put pineapple on it though. And in any rate, all of those rumors about them talking about us on other states nonsense. It's all ridiculous. In fact, from what we gather from our Kindle spy, the only thing that was said was some positive comment about radio aid. And I heard Al the other day say something very nice about that. That's great. And you want to know who had the biggest rating in any hour of talk in the last rating book was Rand Telling the 9 o'clock hour had a 5.6 share that's a gigantic number. And I can graduate him on that. And he actually beat me in the first hour that we were head to head. Very close for 8 to a 4.7. And then in the 11 o'clock hour, I had a 4.3, he had a 4.1 in the new hour, I had a 4.5 hour had a 3. So it was very close all the way through. Sandy of course was not in the running. Not in the running Sandy. She was busy with the, you know, the God the T.D. repair man. But the thing that amazes me, there are a lot of people that really take these things seriously, as though we all just really have this intense hostility toward each other. And there's this, you know, a lot of the stuff that you hear on these programs is tongue and cheek, at least from me. I can't speak for anybody else tongue and cheek. This is only a radio show. It's not, it's not our whole lives folks. Now of course when you hear Steven I, talking about each other, then that's another story. That's all serious. But that's, what can I say? Anyway, it's a 7 past noon. We have open phones till 2. And if you're wondering what the subject is today, this is, I guess this is another demarcation point. Because the next couple of weeks we've got some real heavy stuff that's coming up. We're going to have to get back to the real world into those morbid and depressing things like the malpractice crisis with the trauma network and the sales tax that they want to voice upon the public for doctors and lawyers and a lot of other important subjects. But on a day like today, I just don't have it in me. I mean, we've made some tongue and cheek comments about the president and the fact that he's confused and he doesn't know what planet he's on and what day it is and they're trying to keep him in an upright position. And it's great. You know, that's fine. But let's not take it all too seriously. They're going to press the button and it isn't going to make any difference anyway, right? And we've got all these people screaming in hysterical about the tried and missile. I thought tried it was a sugarless gum. What do I know? Goes to show you that we're all a different wavelength that all depends on your perspective. But don't try to start another radio war with ugly rumors and with all your hysteria out there because we won't have any pardon it till it starts. Okay, let's go to a lot of hell. Hello. Are you there? See, they don't hang on here for me. Khalid, I want to even talk to me today. Khal tells me that most of the people who are calling, they've got some in a question or some comment. They don't want to talk to me. Do you know why? You know where all of our audience is today? See, this is kind of a conspiracy and I'm the victim. The audience promotes this art of this station. Rather promotes this art deco weekend on the beach. And our whole audience is over there with Barbara Kappettman. They're all in the beach. And I noticed that Miami-Sauce Florida has put out this special issue. I have one right in my hands here. South Florida made easy. And they have a map of the Miami Beach Art Dekod District. And all of these ads for the Carlisle and the Leslie and the Cardosa and the Cavalier and all of these magnificent attractions. The Lincoln Road Arts District and the Wet Paint Cafe and all of this good stuff on the beach. If you're over there driving around on the beach, you're here to see what you're doing. To eat your horn if you're listening to this show, don't do it too loudly because we don't have any liability insurance for that. But just give a little indication that you're listening to this program, but you can't call in because you're on the beach. Getting ready to tour the Art Dekod District. Let's hear a little tooth. And of course we know they're tuning in other parts of the audience too, but that's another story. Okay, we have a couple of people dropped off during the new news break in Broward. Our Broward number is 760707. Let's try Fort Lauderdale. Hi. I went on the phone earlier today, much, much earlier. Wait a minute, you want to phone with me? What's that? Yes. And we spoke on the ear? No, no, no, I was on home. Give me real nervous. And I was on home so long that I was disconnected and I tried to get through again. And here you are. But you know why sometimes you feel that you're not getting any cool stuff. Because I've tried calling you early in the mornings and so is a lot of other people. And I always been getting a busy signal. What do you mean early in the morning? What do you mean early in the morning? Like about 730? No, no. No. About right maybe 890 clock 1080. 890 clock. Yeah. I have been trying. I'm trying these phones at 890 clock and a morning are sizzling. And the line is always busy busy. And that's why sometimes you're not getting no cool. Yesterday or the day before. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Let's slow down a bit if they're busy. How could we be getting no calls for example? Well, I went to the airport. And now that doesn't mean that all those people want to talk to me but they're all it up. Well, why wouldn't they blend towards you? Is those are the phones that come through to you? Wait a minute. Listen to me. Read my lips. Wait a minute. Those are the ones that are on hold. Oh yes. Now that doesn't mean they want to talk to me. That means they're just waiting on hold. Maybe they're hearing music in the background of the receiver. And they want to hear the signal more clearly. So they're listening on hold. And as soon as I patch them up, they'll go away. And at least when they press on hold, at least I'm clear that they do put the music on because it doesn't sound like you're holding a dead song. Wait a minute. When you're on hold, waiting to speak to me, you hear music? Sometimes. Not all the time. Music? Sometimes. Not all the time. But maybe the studio puts it on without doing it. Right? Or you don't know that. In other words, you're telling me the carless playing music in the background upstairs while you're waiting to talk to me. Well, I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but I would rather hear the music than not because, you know, you... Well, like what kind of music are you hearing in the background? Well, now I just am hearing something. What? It sounds like a horn blowing. Are you sure you're not hearing our FM bleeding through? Well, I don't know what it is. But at least it's... Especially when I'm not actually talking to you when I told you a number, which I've been trying for the PS2 3 weeks. Alright, but let me understand this because I do this for a living, and I need to know what's going on. Are you telling me you're hearing Lena horn in the background? Alright, do he has something going on in the background right now, and now not joking. It's stopped now. Oh, it stopped now? Now it's going on. Uh-huh. How about now? On. And now? And now? Yes. Now? Go to the one. No, I never read it. We could do this until 2 o'clock, and you imagine what a guitar we could have. I really mean it. This is like one of those hearing tests that they give you. Have you ever had a hearing test? Any hear those little tones? No, I don't know if it's a trumpet or what, but some kind of a noise right there. You hear a trumpet now? No, it just stops and goes. Uh-huh. And they have a morning use as something to somebody that really everybody they must be out, or they must be sitting on a hinge or something like that. And I couldn't get through that day, but I finally waited all these hours today. You know why sometimes you don't get a throat because everybody is trying to cause you with the same tune? Yeah, well that's true. It's a busy signal. But today I says I'm going to stay on until something will be hit. Well, I'm sure glad you did. You have no idea. It's on the phone. And they asked me, who do I want to talk to when I says I want to talk to you? And I don't even remember what he meant. And then I heard a lot of noises. And the phone went crazy again. So I tried again, but this time I got to fairly, you know, soon. So this time I said I was going to hold on and hold on. In fact, one time the operator could do and she said, you know, she thought, I was writing for a report back from the company. I said, no. And then she hangs up. So this morning I said, now the phone is tight or it's safe. What happened? And I interrupt, what are you doing? Yeah. And I enjoy that a time when you say that you wonder where everybody is, you know, nobody's getting through. Well, then maybe something that's wrong with the telephone, then because everybody is trying to get through. And you know that lady's before that little lady that, I don't remember now what it was. She was trying to get through with something. Oh, I don't remember now. I don't remember. But anyway, but I want you to know that people are listening and people do try and get through. But they get the busy signal constantly because everybody is trying to get through to you. So I have nothing in particular to talk to her back today. Except this gorgeous beach day. And things like that. But I do enjoy your programs and the... Right. That's the only thing I could say. But you know, you should know that... Find it for people. I try and take it through to you. And they get busy. At least seven anyway, yeah. Can you ever put in more songs? No, that would be no good. You're... Well, that's all we need if we... If we had 20 lines, can you imagine sitting here with 20 empty lines? That would really be good. No, no. No. We don't want to do that. Let's not overdo it. Yeah. The way I would like it best if we had one line. Well, how many lines do you have? Seven. Seven. Seven. Yeah, that's what I say. Well, but... You know what it's like trying to get seven, south Floridians all to call it the same time? See, some of the other stations are smart. They've only got... I think five lines on one, although one of the stations have got ten lines. Twenty-five. Twenty-five. You're going to get through to you and get the lines to busy. This is impossible. Yeah. I know... Maybe we could put in about fifty lines. Besides the two or three weeks ago, I called and actually I had a little friend here at one time. Well, I had a friend here and now you're all door to was here. And I told her to hold on to the phone. I said, as soon as she hears anybody talk, just tell them just a minute and, you know, call me. Right. But they... nobody ever came on the line and we were listening to the radio beside her on the phone. And I don't know what happened. Well, let me ask you to still hear that music? Right. You still hear that music in the background? Not now. Good. No, no. But just people, when I was talking about it, there was a sound. Well, I won't say it was music. It sound like a long, full on a horn or a bang with sound. Are you sure it wasn't a red, do you live here railroad tracks? No, no. No, no. It was definitely coming through. I don't say to you a studio. But no, it was... and any ear as far as we just sound to anything like that. It was something... But you don't hear a name warrant, right? No. No. Good. Okay, well listen, it's been great hearing from you. This has been one of our better calls today. Right. It had just... it sounds like somebody is blowing a musical horn. But just a long sound and then it stops. Now it's not on a door. It's very heavy-crited in the background. Good. There it is. Ah, you've got to sense a humor I'll tell you that's just incredible. I will try to do what you were talking about. Are you there? Yes. Okay, well listen, have a great weekend. But that music sounds like a name. You should... somebody you've got. It stops. It stops. Somebody in a different studio maybe is coming through. Yeah, well let's go to be sabotaged. Maybe the FM people are doing this. They're a little upset. They're having a lot of problems up there, yeah. Let's be able to... Remnants. Maybe they are slow to that. Yeah, the grommelings could be. Well listen, I got to run here because if they don't. I want you to know that the other day yesterday, early morning, I really don't remember. You said one of the people doing sitting on the hand or something. No. It's that every time it's trying to pull you all that one thing. Well you know, you know what happened yesterday? What? They were all sitting on their hands. You know what they're doing today? No, I just... Wishing them. Okay, listen, take care of yourself. It's a... Yeah. Yeah. That people are trying. But if everybody is trying at the same time, they get a busy... Right. Well listen, I got to go now. Okay. Okay. So have a great weekend. Well I'm glad I got through to you. Okay. So two, two, one day. Say goodbye, will you please? Okay. Bye-bye. And have a nice day. Say goodbye. A long. 12, 19 at W. Twenty-three past noon at W. A. One day, I'll go back to the real world. Trust me, I just have a feeling that Any today is probably in a serious mood, And he's going to talk about some real heavy-duty stuff. So if you're a little bit upset because we haven't been solving all the traumatic Problems of mankind this morning, stick around. Or any will do it. North Miami, hello. Hello? Yes. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Who is it? Mr. Johnson? Mr. Johnson, right? Good. I want to tell you something. I'm delighted to have waited twenty minutes for you. But as a mother, as a human being, I know you're doing a fabulous job, And a new kind of flower that I've never heard. Anyone like you that gets so excited over a job. You're winding up without a scoffer, but... Not me. I let it all out on this show. That's why I don't get all serious. I let it all hang out. You should hang yourself. And that lady before I made she was right. She did hear music. I heard that her music. Are you serious? So, how does God, is true? Well, why you run hold? That was on hold. It sounded like God's with its taps. Tap. Maybe that's an element. That's a bit of a gossip. No, but really, truly, she wasn't wrong. Hmm. I don't understand it. Well, maybe they were being sabotaged, because people are telling us that the FM is bleeding through on talk net at night. Is sabotaged? You're a great guy. You're doing a fantastic job. Wait a minute. Is this the first time you've heard this show? Yes. Are you serious? Yes. I'm a newcomer. Where are you from? Oh, you're from? Uh-huh. And how long have you been here? Well, considering everybody says I'm new to you. Oh, well, that's not brand new. I've been busy going to school and keeping out. Uh-huh. And I lost my husband so I'm occupied. But I wasn't going to hang up. I've been behind the lines so long. And some people found so damn. And sip it as the word for it. That's an excellent term. Excellent choice of words. A bigotan? Excellent choice of words. Thank you, please. I don't know what the amount it is. No. No. But just take it easy. Okay. I'm a young. It's only, that's what I keep telling. It's only a radio show. It's not a way of life. Find a friend who says it. I've been in the store. With one cup, they must, oh, give so happy to wait on them. You make a sale. The other sale, first, when we charge at. Right. I've got you. Well, you mind if I tell you that. Not at all. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay, there. Take care. And what I tell you, okay. I'm here, job. Don't get sick from it. You bet. Have a nice weekend. Bye-bye. Don't forget Art Deco weekend. It's going on right now. It's sponsored and part by here. By those of us here at Wins. And I get all choked up. I get emotional when I say that. And of course, if we get enough request for it, we'll bring back Barbara Capitman, who is a one-time director of the Art Deco Society on the beach and certainly a very capable spokesperson for their cause. And we might actually arrive her up again and put her on if we get enough request for it here today. We have an open line in Brower now. If you'd like to join us, the number in Brower to 764-0707- Miami. Hello. Good. Yes. The last news break on prompt to me to call you because concerning the judges decision on those use that you know, the only given two years. Yeah, isn't that incredible because they're so young. And they had on what he caught spot off shotguns. Right. Well, I'm, you know, I'm calling because, you know, I like to make a, you know, tell you. That I think you know, but I think that I can ask you a question before you go on. Are you, uh, are you in a barrel with some children there or what's what's going on there? Where, where are you calling from? I don't know. What's going on in the background? No, nothing, the radio's on. But who are those people in the background? No. Oh, my sister, maybe. Well, getting mental subject. I think, you know, I've pretty thought a lot about, you know, the elections and how, you know, no one, no one, you know, really knows exactly who they're going to. Wait a minute. Now I feel like I'm getting, getting, even with me now for what the music with the colors and you don't hear that in a background? Oh, no. Everything's fine. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Um. Who can play this game, you know? Go ahead. I got for you. I got for you said before, you know, during the elections, people don't know exactly who they're going to vote for. Because I think, you know, these people just want to come to the election. All they do is, you know, spend a lot of money on, uh, on a commercial with, you know, what's right? The, um, the person that doesn't really know hasn't kept up with the news. Yeah. Well, that's what we've become though. You see everything has been reduced to a 30 second TV commercial. Right. Oh, thank you. It looks possible to, like, write it the election talk. I'm not sure yet. I'll let you know when I figure it out. I'm too good today, huh? You're going to put us all up to sleep over here. With these last two calls. Well, I'm trying to move on quickly, sir. Okay. And if I don't get to the point, I finally discovered why all the elderly are moving into our slurred. And what is that here? Very complacently. Every line was lit. I looked down and, uh, most of the people disappeared again. Boy, you folks today are in, you're just, uh, incorrigible. And they'd count here. Number is 6240191. Like I said, I've told you this so many times no matter how long you've been on the ear, no matter how good the ratings are, you sit down every day. And it's a brand new day. It's like you're starting from scratch. Like who the hell are you? And, you know, entertain us today or we don't, uh, we're going away. We have better things to do than make muck you around with you. I mean, Ernest's going to be on this afternoon sending out free locks to all of his listeners. This is a low budget show. I can't afford to buy my audience, all right? Like over a while 100 non, and not they'll have it up to 2 million. They're going to be giving away every Thursday morning, right? When with the numbers they've got, they need to up the ante, obviously. It's not enough. Where are we going? Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil. I have something to share with you in reference to your yesterday show. I was driving down Sunrise Boulevard. Well, I was here first mistake. Yeah, well, you're right about that. Anyway, I had a flat tire as I was approaching King Drive, you know, the section right? Yeah. Anyway, I pulled over to side, changed my tire. I was getting the other, did my spare on. And a couple of older probably 30 or 40 years old black males approaching me, right? Guess what they got for me? Everything. You're wallet? Wallet? Watch credit cards, checkbook? Everything. That's gunpoint at that. You know, this is listening to your show yesterday. What happens? Unbelievable. Yeah. So, I need to share that with you. He's up to good work. Well, good luck to you. And I think the best advice I can give you is, don't ever stop. Yeah. Keep on going. Have a good day, Neil. You too. That's amazing. But not unusual, I guess. 27 before one at WI and Z. And we have an open line in Broward now. 764, 0707. And two lines again and day. I can't keep up with this. I mean, I'm getting dizzy just in here looking at the phone. In date County, 624, 01, 91. Today is called Punish Uncle Neil Dale. And the audience is doing a sensational job of it. They're just, they're unbelievable. In fact, the first woman this hour, I think her call more or less epitomized our entire program today. Pompa, no, hello. Hi. Yes, I'm from Massachusetts and I really enjoy your program. But I thought I'd call and tell you that it is true that 90 year old lady and some gentlemen after that, said that they could not get your station after certain hour and others. True. I listened to you. Oh, no, wait a minute. That is what no, they weren't talking about that. We're talking about, see, now we're going to open up this old Pandora's box about our nighttime pattern and I'm going to just fall on the floor. No, that's a different story. We have to change pattern. It's sundown. That's not a new problem. That's a constant. Okay. There's nothing we can do about that. I'm not supposed to be able to get taught. No, well, it's got nothing to do with what the program is. It's got to do with this station. And if you're in certain barriers of poppin'o at night, it's audio. So, because we have to change our pattern. We're directional. But what they're, they see, they were in Miami. They're talking about a different problem. And that is music from our FM station is evidently bleeding into our AM signal at night. Yeah, they're hearing that in a background. I heard that pattern that we're doing right. I could hear trumpet in the background. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. When she was on, When you and she were talking. And she said to you, I hear a horn. Yeah. I hear music. But it was a trumpet. She was right. And it would go off. Yeah. That's one thing. And I, and this is true because I heard your whole conversation. And I heard when she said that she could hear this trumpet. I could hear it also. Okay. I just wanted to verify that for you. So you wouldn't think about that. Wait a minute. But then you weren't on, were you on a hold or were you listening on a radio? I was listening on a radio. I was listening on my radio. I could hear that horn. Like a trumpet in the background. So, she's right. She's not. When you think about it, you know, perhaps hearing things. Because I heard it myself, But the other thing, you had another lady about 90 who kept saying, I can't get, I can't get your station. After a certain hour you're on until. No, but she was in Miami. We don't have that signal problem in Miami. All of our, our nighttime signal all goes south. So in Miami, where is loud as can be a night. But I'm in Papo. Yeah. No. No. Would you see? I'm not supposed to get your station in Papo. No, not at night. Not at night. Unless you live right along the beach. Well, I'm your, I'm on Compano Beach. You're on the beach and you can't get it at night. Far North? I'm on North Ocean Boulevard in the 700's. Oh, you bet. Now I'm going to start sounding like Alan Burke, right? I don't want to do that because we also would happen. I'm talking about our girl on Channel 10. He's show. He's show. Okay. I'm glad we got you straight. Okay. And right before, right before she signed off, she held her hand. And we had to wait a little bit in Mauve the World High Nail. No. Where I was called. Did anybody else call you and told you anything about that? Are you serial? I swear I was, I said no, I was watching it. Because I was sick. They was off the work. And I just looked at it and I couldn't believe it. And she, she Mauve the World High Nail just before they went to the same song. And as they finished up the broadcast. Well, I'll ask you how many fingers did she hold up? And which one? No, not this one. She just gave a little, little tiny way. And then she said, she said, bye bye, Neil. So I wanted to have anybody to told you about that. And also I wanted to ask you a question about the Miami River Cops trail. Did they? They sent him out for Corn Beef and Pistromia. Now they're deliberating again. And the judge told him, listen, you know, your sense of humor is great. But people are having nervous breakdowns while this is all going on. Get with it. Have you heard anything about what the decision was or why they did that? Oh, no, they, no, they would never, they would never reveal it. I don't think. Release not until it's all over. Well, I think myself and everybody else in Dave Brower look forward to see what happens in that case. Well, I was looking forward last night. And then all of these people on the news were, you know, they were going into Cardiac arrest right on camera because this bizarre turn of events came about. I mean, you know, anybody who believes the jurors have any business deciding the fate of other human beings. Those people need serious help. Crazy. Well, I do agree with you. I think we do need professional jurors these days. And I love your show today, especially the bit with the Godfather. Well, listen, the information you passed along to me, that's one of the probably the second most important call of the day. Well, I just, I didn't know if anybody told you about it. I wish, I couldn't believe it when I saw it. I said, I wonder if Neil most. When she winking when she did it. Well, he didn't wink. Well, blinking. She just held up her little hand and little pinkie. That's a little pinkie. Well, same deal, Michelle. Okay. Have a good weekend. Unbelievable. He's hell. I'm real. She is a star. There's no question about that. Just to ask her. It's 1245 at WINZ Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes. Is this Neil Rogers? I think so. Okay. Well, I have a situation that is disturbing me very much. And I was wondering if you could be a service. Well, I just want to say this. I want to be insensitive because it's obviously a serious call, but this is not a an advice show. If I'm taking this to the media and I'm taking it into the law court because I can't sit around and watch the day-town school system. Destroy my son's potential, which has been proven to be very incredible in terms of the IQ. What do you mean destroy his potential? Well, they're trying to make him conform to the way that they, okay. What I'm going to be about is the way his brain thinks is very different from the way the average brain thinks. And I have a proof of this from a therapist. Okay. He thinks like a computer. He has a different way of he has a very different way of analyzing, for example, long division. And this is an example to give you an example. And so they, what they're doing is things really ready for high school mathematics and what they're doing is they're doing him computation. And what they're giving him computation, which he learned in the third grade, the first before it's repetitive, which is way dangerous. Wait, wait a minute. Again, I don't want to sound insensitive, but you realize how many people there are, how many youngsters in the day-county public school system, how many thousands there are. What does that have to do with it? No, you know, it's not a question of what it has to do with what you're talking about, but I mean if each parent who had some kind of a difficulty with the school system or some kind of an argument or some kind of a quarrel if each one, we're going to talk about it on a radio talk show, there would be no talk shows anymore. In other words, I don't know what it is you think by bringing it up here and I understand, you know, I think I have an idea of the kind of thing you're talking about, what are we going to do about it? We're going to get the school system to implement a program that will meet his needs. Wait wait a minute, they're going to implement a program for his needs? Sure, they have specifically. Specifically, because there's need of right statistics. Well, one of every parents, all the thousands and thousands of parents that you have to enter into to a, It's not every parent, how the child will need to participate. But we have a lot of parents with children who have learning disabilities and a lot of them don't get any special attention because the money isn't there. You know, it's a very unfortunate situation, it's tragic and we've done programs about it and we've talked about it and we've been talking about it. I'm not interested. I am not interested. Wait wait a minute, you're not interested? I am not interested, it's not raising my own children. No, but wait a minute, how about all the other people in the audience who are raising their children if, you know, you're bringing it up on a talk show and you want them to be interested, but you tell me that you're not interested in the people who have got children with learning disabilities. Because you've got your own problems. I can't, I can't handle that. I'm sorry. I can't handle it. I mean, it's trying to be, even though it's totally off the wall in terms of the kind of show we're doing today, I was trying to be a little bit patient and understanding, but when she gives me that kind of response, and she's not interested because she's got her own kids story about, well then I guess everybody's going to give that response. That's, that's incredible. That's amazing. Woo! 11 before one at WINZ, and let's move right along Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes. This is calling from South-Dade Neil. I'm a woman in your race. Well, we won't hold that against you. I was listening to the lady before she needs a psychiatrist. Well, I don't know what she needs, but boy, that was bizarre. And I, maybe I'll let her go on too long, but I was trying not to be insensitive, but when she gives me that kind of response about she doesn't care about anybody else's problems, and the system has got the school system has got to devise a program specifically for her child. Boy, it's, it's a wonder anybody still wants to teach. But this is not the place for that too, but anyway, what I caused about is, is you're leaking from, while leaking, I beg your pardon? Yeah, they're music leaking in on your station. Oh yeah. Now we listen to Bruce Williams at the evening when we're having dinner. And listen to you usually at noon time after I've heard the news and so on. And I'm not an oldie, but we do get music in the background, and it sounds like WLYF leaking into your, WLYF is leaking into our AM at night. Except type of music. No wonder they got such a big number. Yeah, it's that type of music and one of the ladies that was on the noon time is in fact a couple of them who were talking with you. They were right. When they said it was on, it was on and when it was off, it was off and off. So when you were talking with a gentleman, no, I'm lady, I think it's that, um, Oppenor Beach was right. Yeah, right. Now see if apparently didn't hear it in the background, but I did. When do you think it's possible somebody is sabotaging our programs? Well, I imagine this probably plenty of who would like to. Maybe they're piping in that elevator music into our retocnet. It's the same music you get in the doctor's office, the dentist's office, and so on, you know? Is it loud? Yes, it's fairly loud. It's sometimes it's so loud that we can barely tell what you're saying. So I think you should look into it. Okay, that's all I want to say. Thank you. Okay, okay. Okay. Nine minutes before we want to WLYF and Z, we've uncovered a new mystery here today. We're going to send the wins, search team out, the investigative search team to see if we can't track this down. And when she said it sounded like WLYF in the background, now I begin to get real nervous. You know what I'm saying? Real nervous. Like you're nervous when you're sitting in the dentist office and anticipation. Well, now I'm beginning to get real nervous. And while I'm trying to calm down, let's go to that wonderful coming influence of ours, our very own sports director Ron Harrison at overseas electronics, who's giving out Alan Burke posters for today. Ron? Okay, we're here. Cut overseas electronic super store. And we've got warehouse view prices. I wish you come by here today and take a look if you're in the market for a TV, a video recorder for a stereo system, a walk-in car stereo, and compact discs we've got a boy, all kinds of them. And camcorders, tapes and accessories and telephones and telephone answering machines. So if you need a new telephone to the house, come on by here. We've got great name brands and electronics like Sony, Panasonic, JBC, NEC, Zina, GE, and TDK. To name a few. And we've got super world specials this weekend. Color TV is only $139. Video recorders only $229. Check out that Sony 19 inch cable ready, color TV, only $298. Most major credit cards accepted, financing available for qualified buyers. How do you get here? Get on the Palmetto 826 Expressway. Get off at Northwest 58 Street. Head east. That's the east exit. And you'll find it. You'll see the store right from the Palmetto. And we're right on the Palmetto Expressway. We've got plenty of free tickets also for 94 news and WINC's Chuck Manjoni concert next Saturday at the Marine Stadium. So if you want to save in every way, you can come to overseas electronic super store today. Oversie's electronics. I hear a horn in the background. I have to check that out. 255 at WINZ. And I wonder if those combat discs that Ron Harrison was talking about are for the hurricane football players. We'll find out next hour. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Mr. Johnson. How you doing? Okay, Mr. Jones, how are you? Pretty good. I think we figured out where the horns come from. You have, obviously, a psychic medium. And the horn is a way for the people who have crossed over to communicate back to us down here in South Florida area. Yeah, well, I forgot to tell the audience. I'm saying I'm... I'm a distant cousin to Connie Volpi. Yes. Okay. See? Ah! Look at that. All I have to do is mention her name. It's amazing. They're saying don't eat to early bird. Right. One of the things I haven't heard about. Well, you know what they were telling me last week. Don't shoot the early bird. They must be turkey bird. And I keep telling them the early bird gets the worm. Every day. Yep. Every day. You were saying, I'm sorry. I've got carried away. You both are. Um, one of the things I haven't heard just got, yeah. And I don't know if it's important if you want to bring it up to you. Please. Channel four is being. Oh, my glad you mentioned that when I wrote that down at the beginning of the show, and then I got carried away with something. And they were purchased by General Electric, which owns NBC. Right. And in six months, that'll zip right through the commission because we know that there are no mafia people in NBC. Uh, uh, unlike the Laura Mar pictures and all of that were they had a little bit of a problem. And of course, NBC doesn't like them. Anyway, that's why they, you know, slanted Wayne Newton and other paying for it. But we don't want to get off onto a tangent. That's going to be very interesting. And I think that could be the savior of Channel seven because, ultimately, they're going to win to being the CBS affiliate. And Channel four will be NBC. That's going to be strange. I'm speculated that Channel 10 might become CBS because the holding company for Channel 10. Um, has a lot of affiliation that are on CBS network. And Channel 10 is the one that carries, uh, Charles Corral. On Sunday morning, you know, our CBS affiliate. Right. That's right. Owaiting, the 10 is negotiating with CBS. They want to pick it up on the sale goes through. Um, no, but they've had talks about it. The holding company for Channel 10 has spoken to CBS about it. But there's nothing going on to come here that I'm aware of. Oh, Kyle tells me the Channel 10 is negotiating with ABC to be bought by the network by the ABC network. Oh, what that big rate. And of course, there are rumors about CBS buying Channel six. Great. So it's really incredible. We'll have to have a jica and all those other people on here to straighten this all out. Wouldn't be something if me shall was on together with Dan Rather. So let's put that in your pipe and smoke it. I go. Well, listen, hang in there. All right. You have a good afternoon and keep your ear to the ground. Oh, not on the rail. Okay. See you later. All right. Here, keep your ear to the ground. You're likely to find that early bird and his worm. Anyway, we're at the end of our number three. When we come back, we're got some really great colors waiting on hold right now. I have a feeling next star is going to be the winner in a show today. Julie shots here. She's trying to figure what this is all about. She has the local headlines. World news from CBS at the top of the hour. We'll come back at 106 and then ladies and gentlemen with this corn beef in one hand. It is our guy, O'Sauction the other early sochern at 2 this afternoon. When the storm comes, we keep an eye on this guy. You keep an ear here. 94 news with W.I.N.Z. Miami for Saturday. Now you follow my news. Good morning. I'm Julie shot from the 94 news from here. What's happening today? The jurors in the Miami River cops case reached a verdict last night. But it wasn't unanimous. So the judge sent the 11 member panel back into deliberations today. The trial has been going on for nearly four months now. 7 former and current police officers are charged with running a deadly drug ring. Metro police are investigating a double shooting today at 1803rd Street and homestead avenue in South Dade. Police have few details to say the shooting apparently happened earlier this morning. A mere more of the parents of a 13 year old middle school student say their daughter was ordered to raise her skirt and unzip her pants by an assistant principal who was searching for missing money. The assistant principal says she only told the girl to take off her shoes and socks. The woman says the girl voluntarily raised her skirt. When's weather for this afternoon? The God squad. I hear it all the time myself. You hear what do you mean you hear it all the time? Like in the back of your mind? No. No. I'm not. No. No. I didn't say that. But I mean sometimes tunes are catchy and you start homing them. It's always the same tune. The pain from the God squad. That's the. Well, no. You say you hear it all the time. What do you mean by that? Hey, uh, throughout your program at various times. Why you're talking to people? The music is in background. Wait a minute. Do you think that perhaps there's a group on golden beats? They're sabotaging the show? No. But this thing goes on all day. I've various times during your program. And that's the only music which is played just a theme of the God squad. Only during my show. Only. Only doing your show. That's right. The woman said she heard a horn. What you're trying to describe was a horn at solo. And that's why it's played on a hornet. It's a hornet theme of the God squad. It's on a hornet. Hornet. You know, the old fashioned hornet. Yeah, I haven't even heard of a hornet in years. Do they use hornets anymore? Well, this is a hornet. I'm a musician. No, by my mask you. Is a hornet still used? Well, it's used on in rare occasions, but the music is played on a hornet. Hmm. Out of trumpet. An old fashioned hornet. And it's always the same song as the God squad theme. Hmm. Well, these people are not nuts when they tell you about it. No, no, listen. I mean, it's been so many people. I can't all be, uh, back together. They can't imagine the same thing. I think you know what the music is known. And let me tell you the other types. Thank you. Thank you. Take care of yourself. Okay. Now, here's one that Kyle is writing me a message about that I think bears repeating to the audience a woman called to say that she prefers not to listen and speak to me. What does that mean? She prefers not to listen? Well, I mean, if she prefers not to speak, that's fine, but if she prefers not to listen, what is she doing? What are these people doing, Kyle? That of course is a question for which share they're probably as no answer. That's one of the great mysteries of life in South Florida. What are they doing? What are they thinking about? I asked them that at the hallmark last Wednesday. I said, what is it? I looked out into that sea of faces and I said, what are the things that really matter? And the next lady got up and she spoke to me with a passion. That I've seldom seen. You know what she was talking about? The early bird. Why don't I, in the WINZ, let's go to Hollywood. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. I think the ghost of Don Carriol is on the waves today. I think he's bleeding through from Golden Beach. I'm having fun today. I'm supposed to get some work done, but I can't. I'm sitting down. I'm cracking up. The whole show is great. You know what to say? You know what the funniest part of this show is? All of these people are serious. That's why it's funny. The whole thing is less is crazy. So I wanted to tell you, I'm having fun. And those other guys in the other station, they're trying to save the world. But at least you got a sense of humor. And that's what it's all about. Well, listen, when you get up and amoring and you turn on the news, and I'm coming to work listening to our station, and they're telling us that the Republican leaders are concerned because the president can't grasp big issues and they're concerned that he's losing. And what are you going to do? You got to laugh at that point, right? And let's go. Keep those horns blown. Okay, I'll see you later. I'll see you in Sicily. Bye-bye. That's going to get some people upset, right? We don't want to start picking on the Italians because there are wonderful people, and they never stole a freight train. It's 11 minutes past one at WI and C. I do remember though when that movie first came out, I think it was 1975 when it got... We're not. But it happens that it was true. So these ladies are not telling any falsehoods. But anyway, let me... Wait, wait a minute. Where were you driving when this was going on? Hey, going between Open Locker and 84. Open Locker and where? Open Locker and Route 84. I was going, where I was going to the University Drive. On the University. Right. As I was passing there. Wait a minute, that's 135. Well, I started with 135, and I wound up at Route 84. Well, yeah, there's a lot in between there, though. I mean, you've got all of Broward County, and you've got 150 first. Yeah, well, I went... In Miami Gardens Drive. I went right... Nives Dairy Road. In Helendale Beach Boulevard. In Pembroke Road. And Hollywood Boulevard. Sheridan Street. Sterling Road. Griffin. And then... And so that... Well, I'm just trying to picture it in my mind, you know. Well, this is what happens. These women have to be telling you the truth. There was something that might have been wrong. But anyway, I just wanted to just... ...know they have to be telling you the truth. But just let me say one thing. I only came in contact with you on this radio just a couple of months ago. I driving home and I turned my radio on. I heard your voice. I happened to like it. And you were so controversial. The one I got home, I was made of myself. I was telling my wife about you. Really, what did your wife say? Well, she thought I was nuts. But she started to laugh because you are anti-everything. That business, anything wrong with it. But you're anti-everything. Oh, no. No, you ought to see me on payday, sir. I'm very positive on it, today. If you think you are positive, you're on the other day, you're positive. But anyway, I'd let me just cut two things. I know the one or whether you've been. You did discuss it the other time. But I am really... ...people in a booth. There aren't too many people in the place. A man and elderly man and woman walk in and they sit down in the booth next to us. And they're discussing something. And the waitress comes over. Hands in the menu. But we don't want this. We want this special. What special? The special that was in the newspaper. Two for one. Now, this is Tuesday night. Two for one. Well, they have a special. I understand they hadn't had in the papers. There's the infriedate. There are 1195 or there are five lives. I think I would have, anyway, two for the price of 1195. Yeah. I see, you know, a fixed menu of specific items that they didn't have and weren't prepared. Anyway, waitress comes over. I'm sorry. That's only on Thursday and Friday. You'll bring me today's paper. Because I'm sorry. I don't have it. You send me the manager. And the fellow the manager with the elderly fellows says, What did you do? How up again? You never read the paper correctly. What did you make me slip all the way down here from Fort Lauderdale? Why do I have to put up? And they were going at it to the nail. Unbelievable. The manager came over. He said, I'm also sorry. She said, I want to see the paper. Anyway, they calm down. Manage your left. They ordered something from the time they ordered. Until it came, this woman didn't let out for a minute and he would let up on her for a second as far as when you read the paper. You should read which of your glasses. You don't know what that is. Are you reading? What? Your badger? I'll nail so I help me God. I was on the floor. The waitress came over. I said, I was at all the top. And it's a good place to go to. Believe me. See, one of the great things when you go into some of those places in certain areas of town. I won't mention them. But you can use your imagination. Believe me. It's fine. There was an hour late. There's no way to lie. There's no extra charge for the floor show. No. No. And if you get there on time and you really have a ball, you just better than in a three-way circus? Yeah, you better. The sink? Huh? Good watching, I'm sorry. It's for the wife. And changing his underwear? What? Well, maybe if you'd stop serving that early bird stuff, your customers wouldn't have to change their underwear. 19 before two at Wins, let's move right over to Ron Harrison and overseas electronics and get him in on this run? Well, that's a tough act to follow. Okay, we are here at overseas electronics superstar.