Just like you, and I'm discovered a new panty hose that really fits my crazy lifestyle, not to mention my tremendous rear end. It's the only panty hose that tightens your tummy, flattens your thighs, and whiteness your teeth. It's made with natural fiber, calcium, iron, and it leaves your whole bathroom smelling fresh. I had to man the light from life, and I expect just as much for my hose rig. So I'm glad to know that this panty hose can cope my stomach and turn hamburgers into steak burgers, while it reduces my tax burden. What do you call a panty hose that can do all this? Sheer nonsense! So on your next shopping trip, pick up the cracked egg with the picture of polzo on the front. Because if you buy sheer nonsense, you'll know you got holes. Well, that's certainly a good point at which to start the show this morning. And I think so, 10 o'clock at WI and Z, one getting choked up from the cigar. Somebody sent over all these big Cuban cigars here today, and I'm going to smoke all of them. About 30 of them in a box. And I'm going to smoke them all today just to get ready for tapy show. Anyway, Bill Cosford, the movie critic, not all get hysterical because we're not going to talk a lot about movies. He doesn't know that yet, but well, I'm sure he probably does. But he's going to be here at 11 o'clock for the last three hours of the show. But in this first hour, I don't know how to say this, I really don't, but it's just so depressing. And so morbid. Now we're not going to talk about Westing House and the station being sold today. That's depressing enough. But Saturday show that we did here, and I want to say these things in the right way, because I want to sound ungrateful. To the people who came here on Saturday, and who at least had the guts to stand up for something. Mike McCay and Bill Tanner and Irene Richard and Jeff Gonser and Jeff Chase. At least we had five people from FM radio in this market who had the guts to come here and speak out on our so far campaign and speak out about free speech. And I thought they did an excellent job. Tanner in particular really was very articulate and knew the issues and laid it all out there. The problem is that since that show, the response that we've had has been so minimal as to the embarrassing. I mean, I really was not even enough to believe that that four-hour show was going to be a catalyst for just a monumental response. That the money was going to be pouring in here, that people would be sending in their names and addresses, and you know, the bottom line is, and I hate to say this, because again, it makes me sound like an in-great, and I don't mean it in that respect. But the bottom line is that the people who listen to those radio stations don't do anything. People who listen to FM in this market are like, they're just takers. You know, they're button poachers, and if they like the music at a given time, they punch it up, and they listen, and then as soon as somebody starts talking, they punch up something else. And if you really believe that somebody who's listening to music is going to be an activist, or going to be involved, or send their name and address it unless they can win something, you're dreaming. It just isn't going to happen. And that's what can I say. And what makes it even more frustrating is that the cowards in AM radio around this country. They will touch this thing with a 10-foot Mazza. Okay, they just won't touch it. They won't get involved. And I keep the people keeping me names and phone numbers, and we keep calling the producers of these shows all over the country, Zippity Duda. Okay? I mean, the big deal that we had so far was the two and a half hours I did with Bob Lassiter over at WPLP in Tampa, and about 15 minutes that I did with a station and adult-burough Massachusetts. Okay? Those are the two biggies. And the rest of the people that we contacted plenty of them, they don't want anything to do with this. All of these courageous, balzy, broadcasters. You know, if the ad in New York that appeared in the New York Times on Saturday, if the day before Howard Stern Friday morning would have come on here and said, hey, listen, pick up the times tomorrow morning. And there's going to be an ad in there with, you know, about free speech and about the FCC and fill out the coupon. We could have had mail bags full of those coupons with names and addresses. We could have really gotten it off the ground. But Howard and his people operate in a vacuum and the other people in this business, most of them, just prostitutes. That's all I've told you that for years. They're just tourists. They're just taking. And isn't it pathetic that a medium where we can exercise, at least to a great degree free speech and try to get people involved in something, we just can't accomplish much of anything? And it's really attribute to the people in my audience into this show because from Tampa, what do we get a $5 check from some guy in Clearwater? Out of a 2 1 1 1, our show. Needless to say, from the show in Adelboro, Mass, we didn't get to, and you know, we've gotten a quarter. There was some guy taped a quarter to the coupon in the New York Times. So we've gotten $5 in 25 cents from outside of the date, Broward Palm Beach area, and the rest of it is all come from right here from my audience, which again is a great tribute to the people who listen to their show. And I guess in a way, it tribute to the fact that I've got run with this thing since the 16th or 17th of April the last month, since the FCC came out with this ruling. And I was not even up to believe that other people in this business are going to really get on the bad wagon and fight. And they don't know how to fight. They don't have the guts to do it. They just sit back and hey, I'm going to do whatever I want. And then when somebody gets taken off the air, or when this decision goes all the way to the Supreme Court and those the Senial right wingers up there, say, hey, listen, we think this is great. Then it'll be too late. I mean, we've raised $13,000. We have, I think, over 10,000 signatures. Now, and it's all from this show, 99% of it is from this show. As you know, the other AM Broadcasters in this market are too paranoid. They're not going to get involved. The ones who have an opportunity to really speak to their audience and to try to motivate them. We did have the one guy who's out there in San Diego today, you know, Mike Miller, with this 43,000 signatures or whatever it is, to get the Super Bowl game here in 1990. Now, that's important. And that's really going to be, you know, very effective too. I'm sure. The rumor has it that about 25,000 of those signatures. Allegedly, you know, we're gotten in one little bar where they have like 20 people a day come in. So, you know, you figure that out for yourself. But even assuming that it's accurate and that they got 43,000 signatures, you know what it reminds me of. It reminds me of the first three or four months of this year when we were doing all the business with Helen Dale and the sweet and low in the early bird dinner. And the man I'm telling you, we couldn't get enough media coverage. I mean, all the way around the world to the Philippines, to China. A.P. U.P.I. Everybody, all the wire services wanted it. Everybody was here taking pictures. All the local TV stations were just all over it. Newspapers, big spreads in the papers. Helen Dale Vice, did you see the, I'm out of coverage we got in the herald this morning? I mean, Linda Thornton was here almost the entire show on Saturday. And again, I don't want to sound ungrateful. But here's a big article. Linda's weekly Wednesday, column about radio. Say, host hopes to make WOC and the voice of my amygun and it's all about Spanish language radio. Well, who the hell who reads the English language herald gives a damn about Spanish language radio? And he answered his virtually nobody. Then we got Roger so far, sores and we have two little paragraphs about the fact that Tanner, M.K. Gonser, Jason Richard, joined me on Saturday. And so on and that's it. That's the coverage. The Sun Sentinel at least gave us a little bit more on Sunday. And Channel 4 in Channel 6, I will say, did very nice job. They gave us a lot of coverage. The other channels in a market, seven and ten. They didn't feel it was important enough to cover. They did feel it was important enough to come to the diplomat mall. That was a big stimulus. That was a big deal to come to the diplomat mall to see if a bunch of old parents were going to attack Neil. That was big news. That was important. You see, this is the kind of world that we live in. And I can't change it and that's the sad part because the things that are important you can't motivate people to do anything about. And I guess it's a minor miracle that I've been able to motivate enough people to do what we've done so far. But rather than waste your money on another newspaper rad that nobody's going to pay any attention to what we're going to do is spend most of that money To print the postcards that I talked about last week for people to send to the members of Congress the House and the Senate and ask them to use a port censorship. And to get them involved in this and we do have Larry Smith, Congressman Larry Smith coming on to show tomorrow for half an hour and this is exclusively what we're going to talk about. Because I'm just not going to throw in the towel. First of all, too many people have given too much money and made too much effort. And if I have to do it myself, I'll do it. But it's pretty pathetic. And I'm very happy. And people, you know, there's another station in this town that once a pot of time, I don't have to mention snooze as callators, once a pot of time they fancy themselves. I should say, we, because I was there the first six years it was on here. We fancy ourselves as the real catalyst in the community. I mean, we were involved in every kind of campaign and try to get people involved. And isn't it amazing that not one person over there, even whiny Ron Sacks who is, you know, sent the letters over here about his journalism organization. He hired me and he gave his little Laurel on Channel 10 on his darts and laurels before he left over there. There isn't anybody over there who's got the guts to come on here and try to get people involved in this. But again, it's not a soft Florida issue. We shouldn't be the only ones getting people involved in this around the country. It should be every major market, every minor market ought to be involved in this. They don't want to do it. They're either not interested. They don't think it's sexy or exciting enough or they're scared or a combination of the above. I mean, God forbid that we should actually take on the FCC and bring focus attention on ourselves. Like waving a red flag. Hey, look at us. We're trouble makers. It's really pathetic. So when you think about the Gary Hart business and Tom Fetler and McGee standing outside, you know, his townhouse in their raincoats and you think about all of that, it shouldn't surprise you at all now because the media is obviously mass media in this country. I just totally indesensationalism and yellow journalism. Things that are important like preserving our rights or preserving the democracy. Hey, who cares about that? It doesn't sell. That's why when you turn on that great journalist head couple at night, most of the time, you know, you've got a Jerry Falwell on there or a Jesse Jackson or some outrageous figure in the news who gets people crazy. It's 1018 at WI and Z. Let's do our first break and we'll come back after this. Are you looking for a new way of decorating your home or office? Then listen to this. Twenty two minutes past 10 at WI and Z. You're Rogers with it till two and Daffy will be along and don't forget Bill Cosford of the Harold is going to be here from 11 to two. We'll talk a little bit about movies and a lot more about free speech and about the Miami-Herald and good journalism. I wonder if Cosford's going to be wearing a trench coat. Now, I don't think so. I know that comes as a great disappointment to some of the people in the audience, but there actually are a few people at the Harold. I really like a lot like Carl Heiss and in Cosford and Linda Thorne and spite of Linda's very minimal coverage that we got this. I was really bitterly disappointed to see that. And maybe it's not all her fault because I did get it through the grapevine that she's under a lot of pressure to write more about Spanish language radio at the Harold. So we can't really blame it on Linda directly. The Harold is continuing with their bending over back where they're pandering desperately think. Remember a few months ago we were talking about the radio listings. In the Harold and I think we cured them of that. Remember the radio highlights had all those Palm Beach County stations that nobody can hear in Dayton Broward and all those guests on a talk shows. In fact, they had more Palm Beach stations than they did Dayton Broward. And late late since we've been screaming about that, they stopped doing it in the course so that was part of their desperation to pander to Palm Beach County. But now they've drawn in, you know, now we start out with Tomas Garcia Fuste. Whose topic this morning was the anniversary of the Republic of Cuba in Espanol of course. It has always got the first listing there every day. I mean you can go to the bank on it. He could be talking to Porkey Pig and Espanol and that's going to be the first listing in a radio highlights. And it's just a game. It's just the whole thing. Just a game. Nobody really cares about things that's auto count. And one thing about the American people, they may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Oh yeah, Dathy was on 23 this morning. I forgot to watch that. There was a nine o'clock was it maybe some of our people well, how would they have watched it? Probably was all in Spanish, right? They must have interpreted what she said or was she doing it in Spanish? God only knows and even he can't be sure. Well at any rate, you know, Daphis involved again in this very divisive business, this English only thing. And this is also going to deploy this point. Some of the real hate mongers out there. But I absolutely refuse to get involved in that again. You know, here we are battling for the first amendment for the right of free speech. The Constitution doesn't say, Congress shall make no law regarding freedom of speech in English. It just as they shouldn't make any law of bridging free speech period. You can't legislate what language people are going to speak. You can't legislate common decency and courtesy. That's the real issue is whether people are going to be courteous and whether they're going to try to accommodate each other and be a little bit more neighborly or whether they're going to keep using languages a weapon, which is going on in this community for years. And the one way to guarantee that they're going to keep going on and using languages a weapon is to continue with these English only amendments. Back when we started the thing in 1980, in Dade County there was a reason for that. That was a message. It was a safety valve because of the Mary-Al-Boltlift and the other things that we're going on in the community. We were ready to have riots in this town. But to continue bringing it back and rubbing salt in the old wounds over and over again and opening the community up and dividing it is so counterproductive. And when I sit back and I watch the way this individual continues to conduct herself and continues to be involved in every kind of racial and ethnic slur, I don't understand it. I do understand it. I'm nauseated by it. I'm revolted by it. Let's pick these poor black people up by their bootstraps. It's a big joke. This then against us kind of mentality. And then I begin to wonder if it's only an accident that all of these bigots get through on the air on that particular program and are given almost unlimited amount of time to spew their hatred. I don't think it's an accident. I think it's by design. Amy, we ought to go back to those good days of the restrictive clauses again. We're all the Jews would have to be jammed into one place and all the Cubans have to be jammed into another one and certainly the blacks. If we have to put up with any of them, you know, it would have to with jam them into some part of time. We're nobody would ever have to go. I'm sure that there are some folks of that ill could love to do that. Put a big wall up, yeah. But God forbid that somebody should come on here and try to get people involved in something productive and positive. See, there's a line that you draw, at least that I do. And I'm beginning to realize that in this community, this show is like a total vacuum. This show is unrelated to anything else that's going on in this community, even in this business. And again, while I appreciate the enthusiasm and the financial help and the time that they gave the people from the FM coming on to show Saturday, you know, people who listen to sandpaper scraping together on a radio in the name of music, aren't going to get involved in defending the first amendment. They don't even understand it. In addition to which, you know, I sat here and I really believe that this shows you how stupid I am at this late stage of my life. I really believe that we had this enormous audience on Saturday that all the audiences of Tanner and Mike McCain, all these other people were tuned in and listening because they've been promoting this and we were going to do that show. And I realize now that that's fantasy. There's no way in the world that was going to be. Those same people who listened to them on FM were listening to FM on Saturday and listening to their music. They're not going to listen to what talk show. And that's one of the reasons in the last four or five months we've had so many people call the show who are former FM listeners, and who say, hey, we're listening to your show now. Because they're tired of listening to what you box. Nobody has anything to say on FM. I don't think anybody's really allowed to say anything on FM. Just play the hits and you shout up. That's about them lying. And about the only time anybody does say anything is in the morning when they give them little jokes and little sexual in you endow, which the FCC is very concerned about, by the way, that's the only time you hear anybody say anything. And that's what I've been telling you for so long is that the problem with this business is nobody has anything to say. And if they do, most of them don't have the guts to say it. And in a lot of cases, those who might fall into need or one of those categories work for management, whether they're not permitted to say what they might want to say and even have the guts to say, but they're just not permitted to say it. And that's why if this radio station winds up being sold to a Westinghouse or a capital cities, it's very good chance you won't hear Neil Rogers on this radio station because those kind of corporations don't like somebody getting on here and saying what they think. And rocking the boat. They like contrived radio. They've spent too many years in places like Pittsburgh. So you just stop and think for yourself the difference between they. Intuzy asmine excitement of the media. What it came to Hallendale. And even the enthusiasm of part of the audience. I mean, man, there were people just foaming at them off falling all over each other. Like this is the greatest thing that's ever happened in the history of America. I mean, here's somebody on the air actually talking about crabby old people stealing sweet and low and restaurants. And Jay walking and pointing their canes at the traffic. Hey, it was great. It was a good time and it was fun and it was all true. And it had its place, but to think that the people in the media, my fellow colleague so called journalist were just falling all over each other. They couldn't get in here. There were days when we had a half a dozen people in here. Over at the diplomat, maul, man, we had AP. We had UP. We had PP. I mean, we had it all. All of TV stations were there rolling their cameras. This was a big to the. And during all of it, I kept asking myself, I don't understand this. I, I still don't understand it. I mean, I think if they took the breakdown in the last rating, they would find in the month of February, we had about a 10 year. In midday, I don't think that's ever happened in this market before except maybe when there were three stations 30 years ago. I don't think it's ever happened. And why? Because we were talking about Hallendale and crabby old people and playing Hallendale vice. But when somebody comes knocking on your door in the middle of the morning to find out who you're sleeping with or to take you away, don't ask me why. I've been talking about this for eight, nine, ten years now about the creeping fascism in a 1980 we put the rubber stamp on it. And now everywhere we look, we've got people who want to censor books and burn books and burn phonograph records, and self-appointed more or less like Tipper Gore who want to censor lyrics and records. The guy up in Bay County wants to censor the red, bread badge of courage in Fahrenheit 451 and we got to take playboy in penthouse out of the 711 stores because he had me's rights of threatening letter to Southland Corporation. And we got a lunatic state senator up in Tallahassee who wants to ban obscene bumper stickers. And a bunch of old bags up in Hollywood who get all bent out of shape because somebody wears a t-shirt on the beach that says life is a beach. And now we got a group of nuts in Washington and to want to tell us that they're going to sit and determine what we can say on the air. And the majority of the people in this country couldn't give a good god damn less. And the majority of the people in this business couldn't give a damn less and that's the thing that makes me want to puke. This business stinks. This business is full of cowards. Business is full of morons who have absolutely no creativity, not an original thought in their minds. I don't want to mention Alice again. I mean the performance he put on the air yesterday for four hours was the most in my only heard minutes of it off and on. The most embarrassing crap I've ever heard in my life. I mean there are plenty of gay bars around town if somebody wants to be a professional queen they can go into a bar. And sit around and laugh and mince and titter. I've never heard anything like it in my life. Sure we've done it. We do a lot of humor on this show and we've had a lot of laughs and all kinds of things that we do. We tell plenty of jokes but my god. Listening to some wild lunatic, mincing for four hours about rabbleau and tan crews and doing for this is radio. This is somebody's idea of doing a talk show. Boy. And check Sturdies upset with us over here right? He put on a performance yesterday that even the Diana Ross drag queens would have been embarrassed by. I've never heard anything like it in my life. And that's big balls radio over there. That's the the mover and shaker the talk station news and talk kind of like fish and chips now. It's news and talk. You can change the slogan every day, Follard doesn't make any difference. What you're doing is pathetic. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating. Really involved in the community. But boy when they wanted to contrive a story about some poor bastard who had AIDS that they wouldn't allow in her studio because Mike Thompson and Lee Follard were homophobic in hysterical. All the media was there. The weekly news was there. All the little guys with the moustaches. The silly little clones were there. And channel 10 was there. And bishop was there. And Dwight Lodderdale and whoever else, all those silly people were there. That was big news. So instead of doing something that you believe in instead of doing anything. I mean you know we do a lot less serious subject on the show. We do almost not of it. Because I know that you can't operate in a vacuum. But when something does come along that's so desperately important that you care about. You find that you're all alone out there on the limb. And the people who want to join you, the few like we had here on Saturday, as helpful as they might like to be, the problem is that they're basically impotent because they're talking to a bunch of morons. They're talking to a bunch of automatons. Can't you just see the little kids who listen to power 96, sending in their petitions? And again that's not a knock-a-tanner because he was excellent here on Saturday. And I really appreciate his being here. He means something in this market. But unfortunately he's talking to a bunch of doodle birds. A bunch of people who don't understand it. Or won't understand it. 1035 at WI and Z, let's take another break here. We'll come right back. 22 minutes before 11 at WI and Z, New Rogers, with it till 2, Bill Cosper to be along from 11 to 2. And we'll see what happens. We'll see if Bill is still working at the Harold when we finish. Hey listen, you know, Miss Reloaves company. We might as well all go down together. Maybe you can get a job with Westinghouse. Opening refrigerator. Huh? He's a Red Sox, Fanny Lekko and backup deposit and he can work for WBZ. Yeah, they also make ovens. That's something to think about. I wonder what kind? Big ones? Taffies probably hoping that that sale does go through. I actually love the work for Westinghouse. They can make some of those extra large micro waves. Could fry everybody on death row just in one trip. You know, would one press it a button? Let me give the numbers out. See if we've got anybody that wants to say anything in the last 20 minutes of the hour. Probably not, huh? But we are going to go ahead and print up thousands and thousands of those postcards. That are going to be sent to the members of the house in the Senate. At least I hope they're going to be sent because it's going to depend on the people who are going to fill them out. But I'm not going to go back off on this. You know, it reminds me of calls I get every now and then. Well, we're not going to get involved again. You started so many things and you're giving up. Well, again, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink and you can't force the gutless people in this industry around the country. To try to protect their own livelihoods and to protect the Constitution. You can't, you know, you can't convince people at CNN or at USA today or any place else that this is an important issue. Or evidently, the people of Channel 7 or Channel 10. It's not really an important issue. And you can't convince a guy like Howard Stern and his agent that it's important enough, you know, not to operate in a vacuum and go out and hold a couple of rallies and have some movie star and celebrities, you know, show up. That doesn't get the job done. The FCC is not impressed by that. And the members of Congress are not impressed unless, of course, the movie stars come into testifying like what he is about colorization, then they're duly impressed. And you begin to see that a lot of these people are nothing more like a Howard Stern, for example. He's nothing more than a guy who reads somebody else's material. And he does it very well and he is very funny. But he just isn't capable of doing any more than that. In fact, he's rally that he had in New York. You're a couple of thousand people in the city of 1215 million people. He drew 2,000, 2,500 people. What the hell is that? We had that many people at the Diplomad Mall. Hollywood, hello. Good morning, you. Hi. All right, got to calm down a little bit. You will make it through the day. Oh, I'm very calm. I'm in a coma. You have hit the thing on the head so close and so quick in this program. I took my breath away. The audiences of radio music stations are like, they're out of it. Yeah, they're out of it. Father, they don't want to. I don't even know why anybody would advertise on one of those stations because they're not listening to the commercials anyway. As soon as this spot comes on, they punch the button. I know I do. Right. But you've said something that a lot of people have thought and have left on said. And that's that it's just they put their head in the sand. They don't want to hear anything that won't be bothered. They have enough trouble making it through the day with their everyday problems and music is in escape. As long as they have their boom boom box and their konga and their crying cowboy music and their bumper stickers on their trucks and that's their life. And you are have become, you know, it's the truth but they view it as entertainment. And that's I think why Howard Stern up there in New York hasn't been able to muster up the support that he felt the hat. Like the people that came on your program from the FM stations. Yeah, what you have to know how to do it. You have to know how to mobilize people and how to motivate them and do something other than sit around and say, Dickhead, 50 times. It doesn't take a lot of talent to do that. They are under an illusion that those people are not going to be able to do that. But those people are dedicated to them and they love them. They're only listening to the music beyond that. They don't care about that. Stern doesn't play any music but the bottom line, they're listening to hear the words that he uses and what he gets away with on the air and to get a good laugh, which is fine. But if that's all you can do and you can't mobilize anybody or do anything, then you're really impotent. Yes, well, you know, I don't know what that is. When you've got the public air waves, you know, when you realize the whole FM band in this country is impotent. All of this is just a jukebox. There is, I can't think of anybody on FM in this country anywhere who says anything who has an audience that will do anything. Well, even on, on my list, you know, given away a quarter of a million dollars, yeah, then I can get a lot of phone calls. Even TMI radio and some of the other stations, they say nothing either. They're correct. That's right. The news. The different kind of music. Yeah, yeah. But then you know, the masses are asses. I can't know if I can say that. Well, look, if in one radio program here, we could get $13,000 in about a month. And we could put a, add an image or news paper in the, you know, the New York Times. And we could, you know, get 10, 15,000 signatures on petitions. You can imagine if we had just 100, there are 12,000 radio stations. If we had 100 of them around the country would be participating, we could have a million signatures. That was the idea of the whole thing to begin with. I have to say something that's not intended as, to you directly. But, but causes sometimes have to be fought with, with different people pushing that cause rather than the person concerned. You, you find us in every industry. I'm in an industry. We had this thing kind of problem with, with trying to do away with it. And we found the only spokesman that we get behind our cause where those people in the industry. No one else cared. Yeah. They were sympathetic. They listened. They agreed on. And everybody says it'll never happen. And, and unfortunately, it nearly did happen. Well, all I can say is that it just doesn't have to do with the industry. And again, that's, it's, it's not meaningful. And now all of a sudden everybody's realizing it's going to take big, then out there, pocketbook. And there's not much they can do about it, is there? Well, not much they're going to do about it. That's about them lying. They're not much they're going to do. That's a sad thing. My, any. Hello. No. Yes. I'm glad I wasn't the only one listening to Alice yesterday. I was just mesmerized. I could not believe what I was hearing. You know, I am so appalled. I can't even put it into words because he has reached a new low. And we're not even on at the same time anymore. So there's no competitive factor. But I'm so disappointed and so disillusioned. I mean, you know, again, something, there has to be a point in your life when you grow up. And instead of just being a copycat and instead of just trying to do something more outrageously and be childish, you've got to know where to draw the line and when there's a time to do certain things. And when there's a time to use your time to usefully. And this guy, I don't know what he's thinking about. I have no idea. He just just become a, a simple thing. Well, I think that show was that, for Po, one of our Navy ships was just hit. And yeah, there's famine going on. So I think that was, that was an, but about an hour to show was spent with Jack Sturdy talking about the moose analysis here. I don't know if you were listening to that. I didn't hear that. But it was just unbelievable. I was mesmerized. I'm glad that you got to listen to a little bit of it. I couldn't believe it. I really and truly couldn't believe it. And you know, the weekly news, the gain news paper in this community, the people over there who are so upset with me, those petulant queens over there who are so upset, they ought to hang their heads in shame because I guarantee that they're the first ones that the right wingers are going to come after. If they continue to hold power in this country, they're the first ones they're going to come after and ship off to the oven just like they didn't Germany. But El Niel said something that you rubbed somebody over there the wrong way of it, and lay, so they don't send me to paper anymore and they're not, they're not involved in our free speech. You can't paint it all. They're more, they're more interested in coming on and acting like professional queens on somebody else's talk show, than coming on here and discussing things that are important. Like survival. And I just can't even begin to put into the words and nausea that I feel. For people who just refuse to help themselves, who refuse to stand up and have any balls. It's pathetic. It's like we're dealing with some kind of a juvenile game. Oh, the Constitution, what's that? What's that? CNN has been running this thing during the bicentennial this year as the bicentennial of the Constitution, and they've been running these features. I'm sure many of you have seen about the founding fathers and on the various amendments, and the first amendment is wanted to keep showing over and over again. Congress shall make no law. Boy, I'll tell you the founding fathers are rolling over in their graves right now. North Miami, hello. Good morning, you. Yes. And we get to the lack of motivation in this area. I think you'll be still a little item with the news and your station. Last week, far away, came on the air to planning this, they PTL needed $9 billion. $7 million. I didn't message. But then the open calling to the news report this morning, the fundee's bail, grudding over one million dollars. Yeah, I saw it on the news last night. And this is the post here because of one day, they can give it a pocket for something as ridiculous as that. But something for... And this is after they've already been shown where their money is going. We've just seen the Mercedes and we see all the jewelry and we see all the other, the big screen TVs and the mansions and all of this other business. And these people still want to be conned. Man, there's nothing you can do to insult those people. But boy, say, hey, listen, you know, there are a bunch of right wing fascists who are trying to destroy our freedoms and make this into a fascist state. Oh, yeah, he's overreacting. Let's, you know, we want to be entertained. I'm embarrassed to be in this business. I really am. I'm humiliated and not embarrassed. And as I said the other day, when serious journalists in quotes, consider buffoons like Sam Donaldson to be a journalist, to be legitimate, and talk about him as you know, it would even legitimize him by talking about him. Then what the hell are we talking about? It's a big joke. Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. I'm gay. I'm really depressed over the weekly news. What they're doing. They're not helping to gay community at all. They're more than... They're not helping anybody. All they're doing is putting a lot of advertising in. What it can do is write writing about Joe McCoy and his pet cat and all those other supercellious childish things that they write about. When they have the opportunity to really step forward, really get involved in something meaningful against a group of people who are always the first one to be a press in this society, I don't see anything going on. Yeah, which of these findings are the blood and AIDS, our relationships. Actually, only having blood on it on a worker. You know, that worker will get AIDS, but excuse me, he never is here. But trying to act this now, trying to act with ways back when he started to keep engaging. Having these disease moved me. So, it's all I have to say. Okay. Thank you. Ten minutes before 11 at WI and Z, let's take our last break of the R bill cost for it. We'll be here at 11 o'clock because first of all most people are gay and secondly, most gay people don't even have access to it or ever come across it. But the bottom line is I think if nothing else they're perfect for this market, they fit it perfectly with the media in this market. Because they're more interested in playing personalities and being childish than they are in really dealing with the important issues. What have you bought Zerox? No, it's really amazing. Everybody that wants to call in now wants to tell me that Barbara Studley is testifying me for the, the Ron Gate hearings, which I already know. And I did hear her name mentioned last week and it came as no surprise. He I set for at least two years on the air every night. Desperately trying to tell the public in this community what a fraud she was. She was nothing but a front for a group of right wing fanatics. Dr. Joe Churba up there and his right wing or whatever they call that organization of his. And when she left the radio air the air waves they got a nice, close job nice honest job selling arms to third world countries. And I told you that a couple years ago. And boy did she have people at this community snuckered and she did she have much of the Jewish community snuckered. Oh my dear friends, the Jewish people that you love and I love and I love and I'm a friend and I'm big and I mean here's this little idiotic jet tile out of Nashville with an IQ of minus 500. And boy all she's got to do is come on the air and go running around and speaking and to do so and speaking at this temple. You see you can't tell the people the truth because they don't want to hear the truth. Don't confuse them with the facts. All they want to see is a face man or woman is the case. Maybe somebody who comes up with a good glib tongue and tells a good story and whispers all the things in their ear that they want to hear and all of a sudden man they're mesmerized. That's how we got Ronald Reagan. That's how we got a moron like Jimmy Carter. That's why we get the kind of leadership that we get. That's why we got a Bob Martinez and Tallahassee. I mean this man on a scale of zero is minus infinity. That is he makes Bob Graham and Ruben ask you look like God okay like Jesus re incarnate. But boy we sure loved him didn't we? We couldn't get enough of him because he came on television with those ad showing Steve Paddic with the spectacles on looking like a goon. And boy we sure didn't want a governor who looked like that did we now we wanted a governor who looked like Dracula. Maybe this one isn't just a blood sucker he sucks the money out of the taxpayers in the state. I'm not going to elaborate on it line I could but I won't. So those of you who are just so mesmerized that Barbara Studley's on your TV said if you're watching cable news network today during the Iran Gate hearings don't be surprised. Oh yes a good patriotic American selling weapons to third world countries. Terrific. And boy I'll tell you the frustration night after night after I think I think today is going to be D day for me. It's going to be the day I declare my own independence. Independence day on the Neil Rogers show. The emancipation proclamation. We might as well just do our thing you know that we've been doing the last four or five months and I'm going to continue with the postcard effort on so far. But that's it man. I mean this is strictly it's strictly a a. So nursery school this whole country. So nursery school for adults. And that's what you want that's what you're going to get and yeah you hear a lot of people in fact if a wasting house or capsities buys this station. If they don't do news all day they'll put some people on the air will come in and read the front page headlines. Oh my gosh isn't it terrible about the stark in the Iraqis and. Oh boy how do you think the families feel of those 37 young Americans who are dead as it take a genius to know it to figure out how they families feel. Of those 37 kids who died for no reason at all just like the 260 marines and the hostages and Lee on clinghofer and you know so many others robby stadium. Americans are dying all over the world under Ronald Reagan, but don't you know connected to it's all disconnected. The American people I think we've come full cycle I think we finally have reached that point. At which the American people have been so desensitized to reality and so desensitized the horror and the nightmares and the war and the death and everything that they're just it's you know I don't know if there's any turning back. It's like we're all falling out of a spaceship and I you know I hate to think that I'm going to have to be around when we finally hit the bottom. Anyway, we're out of time for this hour, real uplifting first hour, Bill Cospards coming along from the Miami Herald, which is always uplifting and Bill will be here to talk a little bit about movies and hopefully we're not going to get into movie gossip. I mean we're not going to do that today and talk about you know Roblo and Tom Cruise. Alice I want to tell you because I know you're listening right now. Look in the mirror. Look in the mirror Alice. If you like what you see. Run out of news whether sports or something worth talking about check in here. Is they do really have a lot of causes like we've got 23 of those jackets are already grabbed up by toadia. She evil little faith. Glen always runs around it. Oh, now let her happen like the add in the times here it is right in my hot little hand is our add in the prestigious New York Times and people said it could never happen. Do you buy it in the post in the Washington past? That's coming. Good one paper week with your permission. Yeah one paper a week. Well, that's a lot of money. But anyway, so we've got two of the jackets left to mind me. Vice jackets monogram with your name or obscene word or whatever. So if you want to call real quick like look at those brow lines started already. Day six to four. Oh, nine one and in Broward 764. Oh, 707 and something else I want to make sure I do every hour. You give me a dress for so far for the petitions or because I know that all of you your vast audiences are listening to. Or half past audience. Yeah, half past. That's Glen's audience. All you got to do is write on a postcard or in a letter. If you can't afford donation, you know, first of all, you're probably cheap, but if you can't afford it, that's okay. Just write on a postcard or in letter. I support so far and free speech. That's all is that asking a lot. We ought to be inundated. We ought to be up to our public to letters right by Monday. At least I think we need to say several times as folks are just tuned in that this is more ominous than it sounds. A lot of people say, well, what is the need for Neil Rogers to be able to say, do you spend on there? What is the need for how it's turned to you? I don't understand a relationship. This is the beginning of a very dangerous precedent, which is against the fundamental freedoms guaranteed by our constitution by the first amendment to the constitution. Okay, we'll pick up on that right after the news. Let me give you a dress again for your donations and for your name and address so far that's SOFR. Save our first amendment rights. SOFR PO box 2214 Miami 33055. That was much too fast. Wasn't it? So far, PO box 2214 Miami 33055. Jeff Brays here with the headlines. We'll news from CBS 11 and we'll come back with our cast of thousands here at 1106 this morning. We've got a big spread on the FM AM Jockeys. Let me get any sense. AM Jockeys FM radio. I don't understand it. And it's got a big huge spread here on all of these important people, study fox and Herman and McBean and Kevin Kitchens. Definitely one of my favorites, but you can only listen to him in the kitchen. But boy, that's what it's all about. Bill Cosford is here. The cryptic movie editor movie critic, whatever the hell he is for the Miami Harold. And that's not what it is anymore though, isn't entertainment editor. Did I confuse the two of them? I mixed them there, I think. You know, it's in the paper almost every day. Right under my name. I don't read your paper. I'll read that paper now. You will again. Won't you? No. No. You've gone through this cycle before. No way. I won't subscribe to it again. I read it. For example, I read Linda Thornton's little piece about Spanish language radio this morning. And the little tiny blurb that she gave us on our campaign for the, for the first amendment. Yes, I heard you discussing that. Yeah, it was great. Well, you felt that should have been more on so far. Unless if not nothing on Spanish language. No, I think the reverse would have been perfect. I think if the rest of the article would have been on the first amendment and what we're doing. And on what we had here Saturday and the little couple of paragraphs would have been on WOC. And I think that would have been more appropriate because most of the people who read the Harold, those who are remaining who read the Harold speaking, wish. Don't listen to WOC and or WRH say or WQBA. That's all radio, mom B. Except that we have long had a problem as has every other English language medium. I think in the entire area that there's this whole other thing out there as you will know that this thing that operates in Spanish that we've never known. What do you mean by thing? Well, it is whole other spank, you know, combination of Spanish language media. It doesn't raise that same logical that that would have belonged in hell-haired because the people who get their news in Spanish and correct me if I'm wrong are most likely to read it in Spanish also. Wouldn't one there's no some logic to that. And El Harold has its own radio TV column. Sure. But we we need to know we went 10 years without reporting very much of anything what was going on. I don't know why the reason that we didn't have a radio TV reporter who spoke Spanish, which is a real problem. But you know as well as I do that stuff goes on at those stations. But you're not reporting what really goes on. See that's the thing that's frustrating. Oh, I think you'll find increasingly that we are. But at least we're reporting what you're reporting about the management of the control news and the appandering to the financial mentality. I think to the end of this, that's mirrored of New York Rogers and other people in the market on, I don't know, I'm just lying with a radio reporter smearing of New York Rogers. That might be just something we'd let slide for a while. Well, it's going on for years so I guess you've been letting it slide. Who's going to fill this silent? That was no. Hey, listen, you're the one who you started right off on this. I was trying to get your title right and all of a sudden you started defensively. Well, no, I don't want to say for Linda Thorton when she was here last Friday at least she wasn't defensive. I want to do encourage. She may have been offensive, which wasn't your old again. Only kidding when the don't get sensitive now. You know, it's Joe Johnson and it's Linda and they're both going to get upset. You know that those of us who can, you know, wound up some hells, subscriptions get free prizes and stuff. You can mugs, advisors. Oh, I wish I had saved that. Did you see a card that they've ever just know I've been arrested on it? And you know, one thing about that card. The mayor, you know, yesterday from the station, he really had no no place for your name and address. No. Well, someone, so they just have a card and they paint for the postage. And I checked all of boxes, you know, send me all the free gifts. He'll me my favorite thing about those cards. I would have been close with my payment, but there was no envelope. There's no, you get that a lot. I get it from magazines too. Checking clothes. How do you close the checkered postcards on postcard? Yeah, apparently what they want you to do is put that envelope, put your own stamp on it, that way they save some money. I don't know. But what they do by putting it on a postcard, they've discouraged you from paying now. They encourage you to check, Bill me. Well, the way newspapers working, but they get a couple of months with the free papers that way. Great. Good idea. Did you hear that folks? And takes an at least that long to catch up with you. Good. So just check it off on your bill me and then wanting to get the bill through on the way. Span's kit. Now that's illegal. You're the one that advocated the thought. Is that illegal? You're your own news, no. I think that's just, that's just, sure it's illegal. When you order something and you don't pay for it? Well, maybe you're just satisfied with it. I'm not going to sit here and get strategy for people to beat the hero. That's ridiculous. You're the one who just came up with it. He said, here's a good way to get a couple of months of free papers. I just told you when he leaves here today, Caspard will be working for the West Kindle Gazette. Well, if that, you know, or sturdy, maybe looking for a job after yesterday, you might write for a weekly news. I remember when I was in college that was the trick. You'd always send away for trial subscriptions and magazines. You'd get through Hall semester. I thought that Jack Sturdy was a movie critic. I didn't realize that he was the loyal of Parsons of South Florida. He said, he's apparently his, he had a columnist not to. He's in dish. Right. He's in what? He's been watching people. He seems to know more about the inner workings of, uh, a matter of fact, a de Garry Hart tip may have come from Jack Sturdy. I don't know. Yeah. They said it was on a woman by the way. He knows more about, uh, more of the kinds of things that shouldn't be any of our business about how the stars and anyone who've heard of. But he, and he hasn't been psychopathic knowledge of it. To the man's life. I heard some of these things that he said yesterday. I think most of it was wishful thinking. What kind of thinking was that? Anyway, uh, one of the amazing things. I said we were going to talk a lot about movies today. And I don't know, you know, if that disturbs you, but you really don't ever want to talk about movies. I don't. I always want to talk about. No, you don't. You didn't want to, and your audience doesn't want to talk about movies. We're not interested in it. Well, there's a lot of here that are usually more interesting things going on. Well, you wrote that column a little week ago. In fact, you've written two really good columns in a row, which is incredible. Which is, uh, it's staggering. Staggering. The one's about it. Um, colorization, which I thought was great this last Sunday. See, I did go on. I bought the Harold, not specifically to read that, but I did happen to look at it in self defense rather than going out and buying the Harold, you should subscribe because they don't know change money that way. No chance. Zero chance. And the previous week, you wrote one. Was it the week before? About this so far can two weeks before. And we need a dream of petitions that hurry and I read it on the air. And it was great. Well, and we take a little over you for it. And in the meantime, um, you know, we could send 50 rooms of petitions out. But the bottom line is that nobody in the, um, media rewants to get involved in this thing. That's the other half of what I was saying. I understand why we cover a Latin Spanish language broadcasting. And I think we probably ought to do more and deeper of that kind of coverage. But what I don't, I'm not so happy about is that we reduced it to paragraphs, this particular crusade. Um, but talking first amendment to American people is just, it's not, it ought to be a really easy thing to do. But most people don't see any problem. No, most people are really reverse the amendment is a freedom of speech, means you can say whatever they want, you want as long as they like it. Yes. And then when you say something they don't like the thing, well, you should be allowed to say that. A classic example of that is that you know, there's a, there's a, there's a, a reluctance by anyone in public, essentially, to, uh, to discuss religion. You just don't, you, there's a society that you, there's some things you don't make fun of. Religious beliefs are one. Well, why not? Well, we live in a society in which people who believe one way are constantly bombarding us with a reason that we should join them. But on the other hand, in mainstream media, you will very rarely find anybody commons and, uh, and do the kind of the hero that you do. Well, you're not going to find the hero lining up against, uh, against, organized religions, certainly not. Why not? Because the hero like, uh, I would guess, firstly, all the newspapers still lives by that particular dick, and that there are some things that you don't sacred count. Yeah, so our sacred cows and that is, I mean, if religion is going to be the last sacred cow, essentially, but note how thin, you know, barriers are breaking. You can now say, come to them anywhere you want. And six months ago, no one would say, condom. Yeah, even Bob Cox, the mayor for a lot of Dale came on the station. Here's some time ago, a couple of months ago. And I think it was one day I was out. He was on with Ernie Sochin and he said, condom on the air and he couldn't believe it that he'd actually set it. And he just bought one. He didn't know what it meant. He moved into one on dear field. He didn't know what it meant, but he said it. So that's a step in a right direction for the mayor for a lot of Dale. Of course, pretty soon, there won't be anybody young enough to wear one in for a lot of Dale, because all of the people remaining will be impotent. So it doesn't really make much different. Well, that's the headquarters the weekly news to you to be very careful. Always it really, I believe it's in for a lot of Dale. Like I said, most of the people remaining will be, but that's in a mystery. Anyway, before we get into the really the heart of the matter here, the astonishing news. And I don't know how many months it's been that we've been prodding you to watch this movie. And it would seem that we're making much about nothing, but you just mentioned religion, because it's not a major movie. Not the end of the world, but Massapel would jack lemon. And it's it. I've asked you about several different times, because I thought it was a pretty honest movie. I thought that was the thing that I liked. I guess the Catholic Church wouldn't appreciate that. And you finally saw it through the intercession of your spanking new producer. Are spanking producer? Giggling Glenn. That what it is that makes him like that? He produced or he produced for me a tape of this. And actually made it, you know, this show is getting kind of rising. And its professionalism and ability to get things done now. Oh yeah. You actually serviced your gas on it. We took it into a year. We serviced our gas in advance. Is that what Glenn did before? I think he provided this tape an exchange for graceful ever get work consideration. You know, really wasn't interesting movie. It was better than I thought I was going to be for one thing and had about the only tolerable performance by Jack Liman. I've seen in 20 years. He was not playing that. That's why we got rid of our land producer. She wouldn't service the gas. No. He's still back on that one. No, she didn't. Isn't that a fact? I don't think I ever met her either. Did I? Not who knows. Who cares? She's up with the mobile service. We're just got a resume that's going to be incredible. I'm sorry. I interrupt you and you were telling us about having seen the movie. But I think we'll do the commercial break first. And then while I'm stealing your lighter, one thing we ought to tell Glenn is, if we're going to have guests on a show, let's make sure that there are people who bring lighters. Every new industry. What are you just saying about Helen Dale? I said nothing about Helen Dale. It's fine city by the bay. Bill Cosford is here. We're going to be doing later by Helen Dale Mayor, Sonny Rosenberg. But you were starting to talk about the Mass Appeal with Jack Liman, which is another one of those movies that I like. And you probably didn't because you have a bias against Jack Liman to begin with. Well, I do have a bias against Jack Liman. He's a whiny and creepy and he's played the same part over and over and over. He can't help himself. He's like, he's like, He's like, he's like, He's, I see you're going to get one of those brick bats if you ever get back. I don't think he will. No, I don't think after he's gone on that show. I don't think he's moving in an upward direction. He's not upwardly mobile. He's downworldly mobile. We've prepared them as a distinctive new voice. Yeah. Yeah. Radio. Okay. And what were you saying about Jack Liman? But he's like Jimmy Stewart only, oh, this like a mouse in his throat. And he just, he can't, he can't see things normally. All he can do is infuriate. He's ordinarily now in missing. He was different. He just played the part of a father who's, Yeah, okay, was missing. Great. The guy can really act. And in this, he plays the part of this priest who's been driving his congregation because he wants him to like him all the time. So how are the performance? They really really. Yeah. Boy. No, I enjoy staggering. I enjoy the movie thoroughly. I had, I racked it up and because it's been a busy week. And I didn't expect it. Okay, I'll do a half an hour. Let's see what's going. And then by dinner hour, but in a, okay, if I've done an hour of it, then I'll be able to go in and say, you'll have seen half of it. And that will produce some humor. But in fact, I couldn't turn it off. So I watched the whole, I think it's more than two hours long to, it's not a short movie. Did not get good reviews when it came out. Why not? I think because a lot of movies that are based on plays often get mediocre reviews because most of New York critics see all the plays. And once they've seen the play, they kind of have a way they want it to come to the movies. And it's never that way. It's always somebody else's way. So they invariably get bad reviews. And I, not having seen the play, I thought the movie was fine. It was interesting. And it did not go when the direction you thought it was going to. I don't think that'd be a big threat to the Catholic Church. I mean, if they're going to, if they're going to know we kept saying all through the movie about, if you want to be a priest to go to line. Well, yeah, that's, that's a, I was an awful lot of talk about priests, you know, in fact, the best line in the movie. What's the, a fat guy who plays the Montenir, he's a turning act. Charles Dernick. And he said, you know, he said, it's, it's not bad enough that we have enough priests who are in a closet. He said, now we've got one who's been in, now he's out and now he wants to go back in again. Or some, I'm forgetting exactly what the line was. But it was a great line. And of course, bearing out when I've said all along, is that anybody who meets a straight priest is, you know, obviously fantasizing. But, uh, well, far beyond for me to comment on that. I'm not trying to get you involved in that conversation. I'm not Catholic. See, I'm, uh, I'm non-evangelical Protestant, which is the easiest thing to be in the world. I mean, all you do is, that's like almost being neutered. Well, you go on Sunday and you kind of not often and you come home. Yeah. And there are any other, like, there's no other deities. Do dees that you have to do. You don't have to worry. You can't say that word on the internet more. Do dees? No, no, no, this, I'm not going to say it. In fact, the last duty we're here, you were the one. You were the one, the last time talking about the two guys named Dick at the Miami-Herald. There are, I'm not even going to repeat what you said. Probably the most. More than two men named Dick at the Miami-Herald. Yeah. There are, there are, maybe, dozens, or even a hundred. Hmm. There's a number of people who are in the state of the state of the state. So, you can quote, cost for saying that there are a lot of thick to work at the Miami-Herald. Well, isn't that what you just said? I'm sure that's true. Yeah, I'm sure that's true. And I'm sure the James McKinney is probably monitoring right now will be very upset. Want to probably misinterpret what you said? Well, in that case, in the window, he will have observed that sometime in the last week a number of people have said frigate on the air all over these United States. And I wonder, you know, if there's going to be any fallout on that. You know, well, that's why I haven't touched that story because I don't think he can say that. You can't say frigate now. I've done it now, twice. You have to just pick what they name the starry problems. Anyway, well, I don't want to dump Massapil. Now you got me thinking about the FCC thing again. But, no, Massapil was a better movie than not given a credit for. I think it's a solid three-star good movie, I think anybody was a chance to see it on a seat. So, in other words, there wasn't like jinx. There wasn't a movie that only Neil Rogers liked. Nobody else in the world, why? He was not an example of the movie for which he or the sole fan. I watched it again since you were here last time. What jinx? Genx. That's even people who were holding jinx. I mean, we're holding jinx. I mean, we're holding jinx. Even people on the crew won't admit that they did it. See, this is the problem with guys like you, is that you, you're kind of like the FCC. In your own mind, you've set yourself up kind of like Judge in jury, and you decide, what is good, and what is not good. In other words, you don't give an opinion. You don't just write and say, hey, in my opinion. This is great. This was fantastic where it was garbage, which is usually what you write, but it was garbage. But you write it as fact. And if you are the barometer, you're the judge and the jury, and you decide what's going to be in all movie critics do that. Yes, they do. Well, no, the, some of the worst ones will say, now I think. Now I teach you, of course, this is a great movie. First lesson with repeat over and over again. I never say I think or in my opinion. Okay, this is a great movie. Yeah. Well, the only one that doesn't do that, of course, is their own Don Stutter. I thought I'd give Don a plug because he's listening now, getting very upset because you're on the show. And which is his problem is, is Don out there, agitated? Oh, Don is always, when you're on the show, he goes nuts. He can't handle it. I saw Don. He just has an nervous breakdown. Almost there. He does with these little shades of the lights, like a yellow and amber and puss and whatever. Well, he's a query, which is a way of loveling, I guess, and not making it a definitive statement. Well, my favorite Don's starter story, tellable on the air that is, is the time he was on and was ripping us for giving stars. He's going to give those little stars, you know, a one star, two star, three star. Well, no, in fact, he gives red light, red light, yellow light. But there are a few of us who like getting out was little designations. Those are gimmicks. Those are design for people who we assume don't read. But yes, when we give our opinion, we say, well, I think, and any more than you do. When you come on to call someone a sub-unall, you know, this program, you die a pig. Wrong. I've always said that this program is a program of opinions. They pay me to come on here and give my opinion. Well, and that's what I'm paid to do, too. But I take it as, I mean, I would make jokes about this, but the serious truth is we take it as a given that people understand in a review. You're just getting one opinion. I would never want anyone to act conclusively on one of my reviews, conclusively enough to make a difference in the box office for instance. I mean, you read the review and you make up your own mind. You know, that's why I never say don't go. Or Cisco and Hebert periodically will come across a film and I say this should be burned. And there being cute, there are a lot of people. They think that they should be burned. Well, Roger would make quite a bonfire. That man would, he would go up like a human torch. No question about it. He is packing some poundage there. Yeah. And he makes you as a matter of fact, look quite stuff like Mickey Mouse. Definitely. But to Roger gets good press, he was in, I'm saying, USA today, the other day commenting on video discs, if something. They did a big feature. And here's his man mountain in front of his display. And he got to make it about a million dollars a year. Because he's easy for him. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry. I was the first star. This is what America has degenerated into. Vanuite and Cisco and Ebert or Abearer, or however, we pronounce his name this week. I see. This is what we've become. Is entertainment tonight. I predicted that a long time ago. In fact, I've now predicted one night you'll turn on the network news. And it'll be just like in the movie network. Instead of having a regular newscast, it'll be just like entertainment tonight. And there'll be a fortune teller and it'll be, you know, box popular. I like the stuff that is on the movie network. We're already seeing the big things of it. You note that the ABC Nightly News has person of the week once. We know this is one of the dumbest features that ever come across. Person of the week is, and you know, they begin promoting it on Wednesday. They'll say, and coming up the other week are person of the week. Well, who gives up a Mark Fowler or whatever, who, you know, who ABC thinks is person of the week. And it's never the person who may have done the most interesting thing or or contributed something. It's always the most notorious person or, you know, I mean, I don't think I've been personally. Yeah. It's just a ridiculous thing. It's a complete gimmick designed to hype, you know, be sure to tune in and that kind of thing. It's absurd. And I was reading the other day that Rune knowledge is all upset because ABC is moving 2020 to a time slot where he's afraid to show my go off the air, which strikes me as the first single movement toward good taste that ABC has done in years because if we could just get 20, 20 off the air, we're up on the, if I have to watch Barbara Waters treat it as a real news person. What is that incredible? You know, my skin wants to crawl off when I see that. Pleasant awake in today. So, you know, and here she is writing letters, you know, from your hand to the president. And she can't even put an ounce of, you know, this is what a joke in our lives have been reduced to such a big analogy that it's unbelievable. It's incredible. And the, the most frightening part of it is that most people are too stupid to understand that it's happening. And even if they do understand it's happening, they don't seem to care. No, well, what we in the news business of a problem. I mean, it's a big problem. Or a little problems we think we have. The biggest one is that people's conception of the news and the things that they think continues to change, it continues to get softer. And we have to follow, or at least we think we have to follow. New York Times is about the only institution I can think of. It seems able to resist the press. I have this morning's right here. And yet, right to my door and it's blue container. And it's blue container. They do deliver. And unfortunately, the national edition of the Times is a big disappointment compared to the, the Metro edition in New York, but there's something you can't do. But even the Times 10 years ago, I've watched those soft sections that, for a while, that are basically saying all the time has gone soft. They did launch the home section, the science section and all the rest. Some of those sections are really pretty creepy. If you look at the home and living sections, you discover the Times gives a tremendous news hole to telling people who make more than most people in this building combined how to throw parties on the upper east side and how to pick the proper made in this kind of. kind of, it's just, it isn't news at all. It's aimed at a specific demographic in the demographic story right now, but it's probably very rich. Anyway, if you take it out of context by itself, that's one thing. But you have to judge a newspaper by looking at the entire newspaper. For example, if you take just the editorial page of the Miami Herald, there would be a lot of people who would gauge it as being even a lot lower than some of us already do. Well, of course, this is another problem we have. One of the things I, I was listening to one of your temperate discussions, tirades last week on the Harold, and it occurred to me that to the extent that your mad at the editorial page, you know, telling people to cancel this, if you're going to sit at the Harold, it's kind of like me saying, on tired of tacking the column. So don't anybody listen to WI and Z ever. You don't have to agree with the editorial page. As it happens a lot of the time, I don't. As I think you know, the editorial page. Yeah, like the editorial on the FCC, same march to their own. We all said, we do had a great line that was your highest moment in history. Well, that's when he was a dismaying editorial. When you said in one of the saddest sentences I have ever read in this newspaper. And then it went on, you know, I'm paraphrasing, but they had said that the FCC ruling perhaps can help us better determine good taste. And this is the same newspaper that a few days later ran out. And since your friends Tom Fiedler and Jim Mamegi and all these other creeps, you know, hiding in the bushes and trench coats, casing out Gary Hart's townhouse, and they're talking about determining good taste. Well, this is a fundamental contradiction there to begin with. The editorial page thinks it can concern itself with good taste. New reporters cannot concern themselves with good taste. You can't. I mean, the tradition of news reporting, it's only in the last 10 or 15 years that this, this, not quite myth that the reporter who goes to a death scene and, you know, steals the picture out of the victim's house that they can have a picture for the paper. That kind of thing used to happen. This paper is, I mean, newspaper reporters don't, if they can send themselves over much with good taste, they'll never report anything. But the editorial page is a whole different story. They don't report news. They report opinions. They're like movie critics. Some of they have more serious tasks. But on that particular editorial, I'm like only assume that they just missed completely. They haven't ever missed, because they're the only publication of any of any note in the country that supported the FCC ruling. Even chat and do good times. I mean, newspapers in the end are all places. Came out with lead editorials supporting my position and taking the FCC to task. Well, I mean, the lesson here is that even the most ardent defenders of the first amendment come up against it all the time, the speech we need to protect is not the popular speech. No one needs to have their right to agree with the mayor of the city of Miami or the yellow go dolphins protected. That's not the problem. The problem is that they're text speeds that people hate. I mean, that's why there's an amendment that wouldn't need to be an amendment to everybody said, yeah, we all love George Washington. He's great. Then why would you write in a specific thing saying, by the way, you get to say you hate George Washington? Well, you do. You get to do that. But it's easy to lose sight of that because sometimes people say things that are really agrizzly stupid, even Howard Stern has said such things. You get to do it, right? Are you one of those people listens to Howard Stern tapes? Because we there's like an epidemic. I even heard the tape. I must confess there's the people that are bringing me Howard Stern tapes all the time. And I don't listen to him anymore because I do find a guy funny, but after he hear him a few times, there's no need to listen to him anymore because he does the same thing every morning. Yeah, well, he's not always on, but I know I've never heard the tapes. But even on his best days, and I have some tapes that are some of his best days. I'm enough of the clods so that I really enjoy it. When I go to the Northeast, I'm not sure if he moved to an early morning shift, it really threw off my balance because I usually spend a couple weeks in the Jersey Shore. And that's a squad, but my beast share out there, put it launch a kite up in the air, grab a beer, and put on Howard in the afternoon. That would kill four hours right there. I mean Howard would mesmerize me because the man is just a suspect. I don't think you could pick him up there now. No, I don't know the FM. No, I would go on that, get it from Philadelphia, which is possible because that's only like 60 miles away. But Howard is disgusting and hence intriguing. He's the hear that kind of thing on radio. Of course, the FCC misses the obvious point, which is that if this is a profusion of Howard's the novelty will wear off, and I don't then people will be no big exact. But this is the most disgusting part of this business from their perspective is again laying it on the children. And this really gets to you. If you're grown up in this society, you look around, you see the number of times, the number of ways, people want to tell you what you can do because otherwise the children will be affected. This is absurd. This is not a children's world. It's an adult world. And the purpose of adults and parents is to protect children, purpose of parents specifically. But it's not to reshape the world in chia to be neat if this could be a lally pop world. But it's obviously isn't going to be. And this idea that in order to make sure no kid ever hears anything that some, but he thinks is in bad taste, we should not have anything on the ear that somebody thinks is in bad taste. It's just absurd. You know, money is at peace. All I'm making in illegal for children to listen to radio. No, I could start with that. That's a better one. And then make it illegal for them to watch television. Just think about a service we would do to our kids if we made it illegal for them to watch television. Till a routine. Because it certainly is lethal as booze. We make them wait till they're 21 to drink booze. We might make them wait forever to watch television for that. Be doing a tremendous course of service. Tom and Jitja would be out of a job and Steve's. I heard somebody calling about Tom and Jitja the other day. And Steve's job would be out of a job. It was a Jitja. Yeah. They just came to his name right. By the way, speaking of Jitja, I haven't noticed because I don't get to my mean news where I live. I don't think anybody can buy them my mean news anymore. But have they been, they didn't send anybody here Saturday on so far. Did they on the first amendment? Jitja has been in the paper. But I'm seeing something about that. Yeah. I guess this isn't important enough. 24 before noon at WINZ, Bill Cosford is here from the prestigious Miami-Herald. And we're going to come back. You'll find it in the yellow boxes all over time. We'll come back after this. Was that Tom Peter was on nightline? On the viewpoint segment. Yeah. He's just a BDI little creep. He's not BDI. He is BDI. Oh, come on. Oh, he's serious. He's got with those horn rims. Good. That's what he makes. He's a paddock look like. Well, so Vester Stallone. But now see if we had Steve Paddock, we wouldn't be in the trouble we're in. I voted for Paddock. I wouldn't blame me because well. That's well. By the way, you're up in on history here now. I wouldn't read that this is a member. Do you want to read this? Oh, you can read that. But I was going to say that ever since I read in the paper and then heard your follow-up that there was a rumor that the station is going to be purchased that I myself was on stake out. And yeah, I have reasons to believe that there will be no sale of this radio. We just have a memo and of course we don't read memo random on the air. But I guess I can read the, you know, I guess I can read the two paragraphs because our programming department just gave me permission. I want to make sure that I cloak this, you know, wrap it around in the flag. And it says this is from our general manager. So it must be true. Just like if it's in a harrow, it must be true. I've just been informed by Bob Gilbert's in executive vice president of Guy Gannett Broadcasting Services that all negotiations for the sale of WINZ and WZTA have been stopped. Mrs. Jean Gannett Holly, chairman of the board, is said that the stations are not for sale to anyone at her confidence in the future success of WINZ and WZTA has never been greater in the quote, end of memorandum. Which is going to be shredding during the news. Is this the woman that some people refer to as mama? I sure don't refer to words that. I refer to as a very nice lady who listens to the show and is only said complimentary things about it. She loves this show. She does he listens all the time. I don't know. She doesn't live in Hallendale, is he? Poka. Mama, I've heard she's called. Who told you that? I don't know. I told you. I told you. I've been experiencing remarked to me. I have done my own investigative work on this and I have been on stage. Another one of those ugly rumors spawned by those yellow journalist at the Miami-Herald and their yellow trench coats. Now the fact that we have yellow boxes, sale of our papers, should not be allowed to impune our larger replete. The reason I read this on the air is because I think that you know in light of the fact that these rumors have gone public, which is why discussed it on the air yesterday would be nice, you know, reassuring to the listeners and to our sponsors and to the people who work here in the building that they don't have to go out looking for a job tomorrow. Next week, that's another story. It's terrible thing. We're in full-time business. It really is a bad business that way. People you just get fired and you just enumerishment comes in and they will always say we plan no changes. They will always be the first source. They say that boy, you're run out look for a job. The way that you know that they're going to be unbelievable changes is when they say we plan no changes. That is the code word for, Matt. Okay, let's see a show on the phone here of all those little ladies who are disappointed because it means that I'm not going anywhere for almost two years. Now let's see all the people in the audience who are upset. Let's see a show on the phones over the fact that I'm not leaving. phones are there's one dark two three three four five, those are six. That's a raw people who wish they believed. Seven. That wasn't really that quick. Was it? No, that wasn't too good. Very mediocre response. Of course those people take them a long time to get to the phone. And these are all people who wish you leave. Now they're crawling on their hands and knees to the phone. Now I got to ask you why are they listening? Yeah, that's an interesting road isn't it? There was a woman calling the other day who said you asked her a why are you listening? Because you wanted to go off the air and she said because you're a jerk, which is a great rash. I'm holding that very off. And they liked jerks. Well, of course they liked jerks. And as a matter of fact, I wonder what to be honest with you. I'm not leaving that meant to be a jerk. How do you like that? See it takes their thunder away. See I won't go that far. Oh yeah, I would not admit to being a jerk. Well you are. Well thank you Neil. I didn't want to speak up for myself. I didn't, you know. If it's good enough for me, it's good enough for you. Okay, now getting back to colorization of movies, which is where we were going next, because I really enjoyed your column on Sunday. I almost feel like I'm tinkling today, which I just don't do on this show. It would be careful. It was like you think I got on me so much in that column that I guess so it's long overdue. For those days or over, I'd have word went out through all of them. Sure. I might read it. Is there a way to take a memo out? No, no, no, no, tinkling on Rogers. That's probably why Linda only got two short paragraphs about so far. Well actually you'd think there would be one, but um, no, that there isn't. Even my listings are getting in a herald now because we know the herald doesn't discriminate against those people who take are they upset? Are they angry at me? Now Linda says no. I don't hear anybody angry. I can't imagine that there aren't some people who are upset. I mean if you work for a newspaper and like Dick K. And well in the most powerful radio voice and town is saying cancel your newspaper, you know something. They can't do it. Well they got several hundred, which is pretty several hundred? Yeah. Really? Well I mean that's what they're saying, which means it could have been several thousand. Well I don't know anyone's circulation so I don't know if they're attempted to chive but no I certainly think there's never a hundred that's a pretty good number isn't it? Circulation figures are figures that we have to stand behind legally, you know several times a year so if they say several hundred I'd buy several hundred and that well that doesn't surprise me. I mean there are people who really agree with you and you made your case. I'm not, I wasn't here during the height of this. I was on an Amtrak train from Los Angeles to Chicago, which is how I came back. I went to LA on business and I came back by train a little bedroom and everything. I was you know on the lap of luxury when this is all going on. I got on the train, heard a radio broadcast in the cab that the Heldah broke us in story about Gary Hart but then I'm on the train and all I had was USA today for the next two days. So all I had was what USA today's first day coverage is when I was a little bit of a bunch of those little games. I was with you so you could fill in the blank space. I did color in some parts right there and then I did cut out on the weather map in the back and that was fun. It was just fun making Florida green and Maine. Yeah it changed the things around but so I didn't know what was going on and my mom was the first one in New Jersey to tell me there's some radio host who's leading a campaign against her old circulation you know how she found out in New Jersey I don't know maybe you called her but she found a new Jersey. Oh she saw it on CNN. I think well it may actually have been picked up and reported on New York radio that there was a host after the hero but let me the wire services to what well and that's how what I didn't know at the time was what it specifically was you was objecting to the editorial stance of the hero which is one thing or the actual Gary Hart story which is another all together the two-dimensional I think you'd do with one another. I wasn't sure which it was that you were most deemed about and now you know well which is it oh you don't know no I still know this had to do with a Gary Hart thing. No it's not a question whether I like the story it's a question of whether it's a legitimate story whether it's really the purview of reporters from a newspaper to follow politicians around candidates around and you know snoop on their personal lives I don't believe it is if somebody had given a tip to the hero that the guy was going to take graph it was going to take a bribe then of course it's a legitimate story to then you wouldn't mind to stay exactly where was where you mind to take somebody out and watching who he's shocking up with allegedly and make all this in you window and have giant gaping holes in the story and be so desperate to rush to get it you know to beat the deadline to get in the newspaper was very irresponsible journalism I think that's the consensus in fact all the polls now show that at least two thirds some of the polls three quarters of the people think that the hero did a lousy job that it was not good journalist or anybody's business not a good sounding story that was my first reaction to him and I first of all I was a Gary Hartman well I wasn't so I can't be accused of attacking the hero because I like Gary Hart because I think the guys have evacuist fool I didn't I didn't think zero I didn't think that but the one thing I didn't expect that he would do not to be was disembleer and and a man so essentially corrupt in one way that he would be lined with his own campaign staff about what he was up to but you know I didn't know that until I get back when I'm first thinking about the story it's not a good sounding story it's like any other a surp to just thing you're gonna pick up like when cops wiretap and that kind of he just you know it kind of makes you feel uneasy but in in this country as long as politicians are gonna drag their their families around to present themselves as family people I think they're gonna get looked at I think they ought to be if for no reason look that well their private parts next thing with that we do we have to know how big it is the problem here that none of the hero don't know any other press institutions is able to fully get across the people's it this was not new news about Gary this is where Gary Hart was the same as Jack Kennedy up to a point in that everybody in the A4A is you know CNN did a great piece and they sure they're going all the way back to George Washington and Jefferson and Franklin and all the way through war and hearting Eisenhower Kennedy you name it we've had a lot of presidents and candidates who have been womanizers anyway I mean as Puritanical as we were back then how in the world can it be major news now and worthy of stakeouts and all kinds of wild rumor and any window when it wasn't worth that 200 years ago and then that for that you got to ask some sociological questions because it turned out it was major news and people went nuts over it and they jumped up and down and got dropped out of the race because it didn't think he was gonna get asked any other question but that for the right but again it goes to show you what happens when the press is irresponsible now I'm certainly not gonna disagree with their right to credit because you know I can't be a hypocrite on the one hand I'm arguing for our first of member rights to speak and I'm not gonna you know argue against the right of a free press but it is a question of what's responsible journalism and I don't think that that was well wait what I think you're objecting to more than anything else is the Puritanical aspects of it none of what's this is a sex thing what I just leave sex alone the difficulty is this is what I mean by things that we haven't gotten a good job of getting across the people is it Gary Hart was notorious for this and he also had become arrogant enough so he was denying it and all these absurd ways well he have a real interesting situation here reporters throughout Washington who don't who don't want to come out with rumor and speculation know the guy is fooling around he's dipping the wick whatever and we know that nobody at the herald would do that and well I can't we know of course that probably a handful of people I thought newspaper had fallen from grace in their lives but we know this but you're not gonna go in print that because it's just kind of smart me but then why not candidate let's read about the people that the herald who fallen from grace well but see the people from the herald aren't running for the highest of all what's different is a way they're controlling one of the most powerful institutions in the state and indeed in the country well I'm growing them an apple in the newspaper business I'd be crashing they can't out about my own pecadillos but really I'm that sure though putting anybody's well I'm done when I today I don't want to do that all sound just like Jack's dirty yesterday yes oh I'm like I might keep that out of my mind because I just I begin to tell you I think the problem was yeah been the history of this industry yesterday the problem became at first remember people were saying how could heart be so stupid you know it's wanting or he's very good in a question very good quite and he's probably such a moron well and you know it's calling it a life in the campaign trail he bit he isn't stupid that's the thing and this is where the story I think became of great interest to reporters who hadn't laid the groundwork because they feel it's inside Washington inside the beltway stuff but in fact hearts not stupid he's arrogant and that is a story well in this case he apparently thought he could get away with anything I mean the idea that on the very day his big Sunday times profile appears and he tells people hey go ahead follow me that he's got the assignation is just unbelievable that's what I think made a legitimate story I feel sorry for for him that he had people working outside his house and I feel sorry for the lirchers but I can tell you this that the people we sent to lirk were the kind of newsmen you'd want them to be these are not you know feel here now feeler and McGee and Tim Savage are not you know Americans these aren't torps out to make their big story long not a group of I've had them on a show many times for the definitive word nor I couldn't have come up with a better term myself Tom feedler that you had a very little disdorce within that many times he's been on the show several times and I don't dislike him personally but professionally he's a torpe no I personally maybe a torpe I don't know well you I mean whether or not you like his column I guess is you know you talk about his column at all I'm talking about him as a reporter but he's a torpe these are it's not just a dook and what the term I think we ought to give you credit but these are major these four 50s aren't people out look okay let's see on the phone if there are people in the audience who think that Tom feedler is a torpe when that's just the show on the phone okay let's see if this is as quick as the recent you get this once with it before a line about that see some people on this telephone people who think that Tom feedler is a major torpe six lines lit already seven within like no it's like the azusa thing the previous I can promise you a lot off the air I'd even have has no lines lit messy you could ask no lines lit there are there are no lines lit about every other second there's no lines lit you yeah what has that one in the intervals in between the flashes you could ask people to call in how many lines you live if you have the honest just they're all left now but the point is if you ask people to hold their breath until they turn purple and then to call you would say oh come on and none of these get out of those feel or you have to take my word he certainly is not looking for his first big scoop nor does he know it not interested in the future of our republic and the very concerned about they think probably additional security I think that's true yeah I think it is because what what ultimately was going on what has been going on here as you got a press corps in Washington and throughout the country let's head ragan now for six years going on seven and hasn't been able to do anything about it even though the man is a greasiously ignorant uh he's many of us feel he's saying the country right into the toilet but we have not been able to get at him in any way because there's there are real limits to what you can do a straight report a lot of people who think that ragan should have had the tidy bull man is vice president because of he was going to push the country into the toilet at least having advisor who knows what you're going to do in the court in the court in the court. Right okay it's six minutes before noon at w i and z the cryptic bill cost for who came up with a great a term for tom fielder today will want you to put that in your memory bank torpe bill cost for it is with us till two and will come right back. Now we don't have time for a displeeners about how we are doing that issue we got you three and it's out and that's it you know it's taken me out of content. No I haven't the ice specifically said for themselves they heard you talk not the words torpe now I say any audience here at yall heard it. I know Kyle heard it. My little heard it. All of our news people heard it. I know Tom can't hear me because he's in Washington. No doubt preparing. You saw a tour. I agree with you. I'm trying to be agreeable to the world and then the thing is Tom is actually a friend of yours. You've had him a new one. I like Tom. We'll never come back up just yet. Isn't he sensible of you turning a sensitive tour. Turning on your own pals. The way you turn on Glenn Hill is you know turn on him. Just we sell it. I get it. And that's all we tell it like it is. Even you're even knocking into thorn this morning. And of course she's done yoman work in reporting on radio. And when she's done yoman work I've thanked her for it and I somebody called him wanted to attack her last week and I came to her defense but I heard that. I was thinking a little too paragraphs about a major issue. I feel they know but I did do a disclaimer denied. Did I say that probably the people at the herald are more concerned about the story on O.C.N. in the Spanish language station. Well we could see it has told me off the air that she's underdress from the powers that be to do more on Spanish language radio. So the pandering that goes on at your newspaper continues unabated. Well we could get into that. That's the end of the hour. But we'll get back into that. This is it. The tour issue is over. You can bring it up again next hour. It's a free speech radio. Okay. And we'll talk about colorization and Woody Allen. A lot of those other marginal talents. Mike Wolf is here with local and area news headlines. World news from CBS at noon. And we'll come back with the ubiquitous bill cost for at a 12.06. I'm in as far as like you know freedom of speech. But he getting the second do with read. But they want to in the news. They've got the answer to any of our times. Great. Great. So I mean that $200 cash that I gave you to give up that you passed it on to them. He told us she got that on Biscayne Boulevard. Yeah. Well and nobody here believed it. Why did they sound like this sleeping? What are you awake? I'm gonna sing on the gyhe and I'm going to be with a room. Well I've heard a laid back but you're gonna cry over. Or in. I'm ready to move out your teeth is here because he's part of the wedding to bun your looking for a job. Hey you can join me in the ally contingency. You know we're an ex-o shuttle. Yeah. Beautiful out here. The radio is great. The newspapers are great and like Neil's always saying it's nice to be in a city where you can go out at three in the morning and eat Japanese food or Mexican food. Yeah. Listen I hope you guys got a little extra room there where you are because Alice, Rand Tell and Joe Johnson he loathe last night and Rand off in the room where they're on their way to LA at a sushi restaurant. Yeah. The weather's like a bit of the wedding going on out here. Exactly. What's the weather the right thing to eat it? Okay well listen it's right here and from you but is all good things must. I'd rather hear that guy cursing at us again. Yeah. Okay thanks a lot for keeping us in your hearts and minds. Okay so money. I hope that wasn't the audition. Was that a more high? Let's talk with it. Adopt Titanic. Yeah. A barge. Terminal. Terminal. Okay I think that's where they were calling from. Was it mustard? No. From the train terminal. I'll let you know. Okay well listen that's going to kill us. Oh we're coming back and the food is building with Chris. Oh yeah. Is it incredible? Yes. Unbelievable. And the who's in here is a brave trying to close a door or who is that with the headlines. Yeah there he is. And the CBS has the boring news that known an evil comeback in 1206 as we continue to exercise free speech on WINZ. Okay Bill Cosford is here and the while he's finishing his lunch. Let me just mention somebody sent me this. It's a great great piece from the Sunday News on Sentinel and for a lot of Dale Joan Christie or John Christie. Well we just made John into Joan. Insted operation. A lexicon of lame loonies. And it's about driving and so on. Florida. The first one is the cigar smoker which I mentioned first because I'm sitting here with a cigar. Vehicle Lincoln Continental destination the Country Club bumper sticker I got mine. Habits retired now. The cigar smoker drives like he ran his plumbing supply business in Bayon. Oblivious to everyone around him. He takes corners wide and slow. The long nose of the Lincoln preceding him like the baton sized stogi clamped between his teeth. He is the master of double parking parking in two spaces and the rolling stop always wears a hat. Now we have the condo commando. Vehicle Generic Sedan White. Destination Early Bird Dinner. bumper sticker I break for Bingo. And habits the commando's car is mysteriously always full. Three men, three women. The men are in pastels the women freshly clothed and ironed beehives. If a woman is driving she's hunched forward and peering through the steering wheel for male driving habits. See the cigar smoker for either sex maximum speed 40 miles an hour. Now that was in the sun sent by the way. Not a day girl. That was about lame loonies though. Typical of the way journalism works in this community. Sometimes I go to the hero launch a feature launch day feature called the Lane Ranger. Oh yeah. I'm sure you're familiar. Of course. In which a nearly nominally anonymous member of the staff reports on road conditions and does so in a flip and entertaining style. Not unlike the style of the show. And of course this turns out to be a big success. So right away when we got in Broward at the sunset on the old Lane Loonies. Now we have the Lane Ranger. I guess there's the Lane Granger. Well we know that there's no imitation. I go on in this mark now. Not about. No. But now to lay the twerpiss you to notice. It wasn't a question that at all. Is it a possibility you're going to be appearing on a certain show in town that you don't want to mention? Because I noticed you didn't follow up on that. When we were going to know whether or not there were radio omg. It's scheduled. Oh, far into the future. My time you've actually been allowed to. My contract has been allowed to. I'm going to the next year on this show. Now the hero insisted I come on only this show. Yeah. Because their plans to buy the station now going ahead. And they want to show that there's a gradual erosion of the you know could we turn this place on its here? Could be a lot of fun. Nightwitter news paper is I just bought the first of all. It's illegal. I can't buy the radio. Okay. It's too bad. There's an FCC regulation for it. Do you think that if the hero bought this newspaper right still be on the air? Yes. Because we're no fools either. With those numbers you would be. Yeah. Sure. Now I'm going to just follow a little cuties. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's time for the return. But now he's, you know, it's on little cuties on the air. Bared in my unilateral condemnation of time was the the issues that I'm going to be here. Only speaking Spanish is what Kyle said. Can you speak Spanish? Can you say a royal? See, got a royal. How do you know you all go? I know you'll see. You can have a job anywhere on this town. Bared in all this is that whole business I think that heart apparently had long been behaving in ways. Those of us thought it was a great kid. They didn't know. And so when they when they get away to say look, we can report this. It's supposed to say all the something about Gary Hart has always bugged us, which is exactly the kind of reporting we don't want. There's that a plan where you can. If you can actually catch him in his hypocritical act, then do it. And in fact, we were done a service by that story. I know that it no one likes that kind of story. I doubt that you'd that feedler or savagery, McGee would say this this was a neat story to do. I'm sure they didn't like it nonetheless. Finally, we got to someone and expose the thing people needed to know about in a way that never happened with Ronald Reagan. And as we're now finding off in the Reagan administration, the layers of duplicity and deceit are incredible. And now we've just had a ship attacked successfully. And the person goes that it turns out its defenses weren't on. And we're going to find out probably that the defenses didn't work. And if that doesn't sound like the whole 11th thing all over again with these people who cannot learn the last human sacrifice. Exactly. Nobody carries. But we don't want to understand nobody can. We couldn't get to that guy and I'll guarantee you there will be more efforts by all newspapers. In a very few people care about the hearing. We're just going on. But boy, they hear carried about the Gary Hart story. Well, I forget how many days in a row it was that your newspaper on a front page. In fact, there was even one day when there were some really wild revelations. I think it was when McFarlane was testifying. Or maybe it was the general, sick or it's a C-Cord. One of the two, there was I forget exactly what it was. But there was a major revelation, which in essence said that Reagan knew everything all along, etc. and so on. And I was like a little little bitty news off in the bottom left hand corner of the page in the Gary Hart thing, which by now was several days old was still prominent and made center from with big picture in the whole business in the Miami-Herald. Well, I don't think anyone pretend either that the Harold is immune from co-human interest stories and quote, and the Donner Rice angle gave it a human interest. Okay, why don't we all just admit one thing? Okay, because I've done it the last four or five months. I've changed the format of this show. We do very little topical talk. You know, I mean, we make no secret of it. And ratings have soared and the demographics are better and everything is great. Think the listings are leaving now. What today? Yeah, because no, it's topical. No, and this is not topical. All right. We're discussing it like from a third party, okay, situation like we're not involved and we're looking at it from the outside. Why do we just all admit it instead of pretending like at the Harrow to be great journalist and bragging about their Pulitzer Prize? Why don't they admit they're only in a business of selling newspapers? It's like we're in a business of getting ratings and selling commercials. We're all horrors. Okay. Why do we just admit that? And whatever you people want, we're going to give it to you and forget about all the rest of us, so for the consequences. Well, that is, and we will suffer the consequences. You know that. That's the guiding principle of media. They exist to make money. Yeah, because they can't exist if they don't. But yeah, the same thing is true of this show. It's true of the Harrow and that is, it's large enough to encompass a number of different things. I mean, you may not have been topical ask a few months, but you've had serious issues that you've dealt with. The Harrow runs funny and it runs analyses of what Reagan is doing. If a wife had their run their funnies on a front page, well, now see if you laugh, I didn't laugh at the hard thing. I didn't, I laughed at it. I didn't find it a funny at all. No, no, I because as I say, it was a hardbacker. I was just made. I didn't laugh. I don't thought it was disgusting. Oh, you're holding a nauseating. I still didn't like him then. I don't like him now. I don't like him any more or less because I don't care who he's sleeping. I was not my best. I was deeply disillusioned. And frankly, I don't care. I think it's Mario. It almost got an open field now. All he's got to do is say, hey, I want it. He's got it. It's all he's got to do is say it. I mean, when Jesse Jackson is shown in the polls to be leading and, you know, Jesse couldn't get arrested if his life depended upon it, you know that if Cuomo wants it, he's got it. But in fact, you made a good point. We do run funny because he's running against Barbara Studley. We run little jokes while we guess run them on the page two now. But we've were a long time ran today's chuckle, which was rarely funny on the front page. And every now and then we'll have a picture of a puppy or a kitten or something. But that mean, no, or is it written that a newspaper has got to be a theoretical abstract or a PhD thesis. A newspaper is aimed at a wide spectrum of people. And presumably, if you have a deep interest in politics, for instance, you buy your daily newspaper. You may also buy the New York Times and you get your magazine seen in the week at the nation who were public or commentary or whatever or a nestle review got forbidden. But national review, you know, people do read it. Not people who listen to the show, how people who might know either, but maybe people listen to that definition. When you have a spotlight, spotlight. When that 100% serious, if we were, I wouldn't have a job. I mean, some is going to talk about it. You wrote a column about colorization, which incidentally, we were like a couple of days after I've been talking about it. I don't want to, you know, sound as though I planted the seeds in your mind because I'm sure you didn't even hear me discuss it. And that's right. Did. But my point was, isn't it? And that was the Congress has the time to deal. I mean, here we've got, you know, Americans been killed in the Middle East again. We've got all of these hearings going on in Washington. The president is a compulsive psychopath liar. And in the meantime, we have nothing more important than to be concerned with as to whether we're colorizing old movies and, you know, Congress is sitting there listening to Woody Allen. I have the feeling that people in Hollywood and show business can request to come before Congress on anything, no matter how species it is, like should we pass a law, limiting the number of, what are they called, the blocks, the stars, and Hollywood, you know, where they are, they are, they're putting a star. Yeah, limiting the number of stars that can be put there. And I'm sure the Congress would find the time. Yeah, I suspect they would because that works. There may never as well. There are overwhelmed by how great it is spent on how many years in the swirl of burnt rentals. Burk could show up and everything stopped. You know, when Bert Reynolds came, the wheels of government, tell him, has he ground to a halt? What's going on? You're shaking your head. No, no, just as here, Kyle put on the screen. He wanted his autograph. Who wanted his autograph? Wait a minute, those must be some of the guys at Tom Fieler Center over here. Oh, Congress, I see Congress wanted Woody Allen's autograph. Well, yeah, of course. Of course. Of course. That really is not a draft with his nose. We're dealing with the same, you know, with human beings in presumably exalted positions, but they have the same drives and lusts. We find out from not just Gary, but as anyone else, they want to meet stars. They want to hang out with big people. Oh, boy. They want to meet him at the Russian T-Roman. That kind of thing. Here, you get Woody in, you get, you get him on the die. So you get him testifying for that's fun. That's a good way to kill a couple of hours. Well, I just, the whole thing amazed me because what Congress thinks is going to do about colorization? I don't know. I'm going to pass a law and say the Ted Turner can't color films. What is it all about? All us, all us about, is that the stars are coming. That's it. And the wisdom of the hearing is that they had with the people from the networks. Well, David Brinkley had the accurate comedy. He said first of all, there's no reason for any of these network people to be here. And the ones who are here, no nothing about the news business anyway. He said if they want to have a hearing, they can go ahead and have one, but if it were up to me, I wouldn't have shown up. I mean, what business has Congress got calling the heads of the networks to Washington saying we want to talk about the way you're covering the news? That to me is far more troublesome. And colorization is merely a waste of time and a signal that Congress can be as fatuous as ever in times of real trouble. The whole business about the networks being interrogated is supposed to be an amendment there too between the networks on any sort of congressional action. I mean, what on earth were they going to do? Suppose Tisha stood up there and said, yes, I'm shutting down CBS news altogether. No more news. Were they going to do? Say, no, you can't do that. But again, there was the old man who was going on there. But of course, actually the networks played a pretty cagey ABC came on and said, we remain deeply committed to news and public affairs. They give our world as an example. Then of course, they went out and canceled our world. This was pretty cute, but they canceled our world after the hearings. So they got, they got credit in both ways. Congress says, yeah, these guys are deeply committed and then they go back and they get one of the show, which is actually fine, and they keep 2020, which remains a scandal. But there's no, there's no underestimating what kind of these guys need to break apparently. Congress needs a break. If you're pat, lay he out of Vermont. And you know, yeah, it's tough. The conference stuff is going on. And you're not deeply involved in that. So you're losing headlines and besides, it would be nice to smooth and you know your life is tough because you got to commute back and forth and brolling to nowhere to watch and tenant. You don't have the connections and the looks of Gary Hart. So you're not able to have his good at time. You need a little relaxation. You need to let us some steam. So you have the woodman commitment. That's it. And then Sydney Pollack and Jimmy Stewart writes you a letter and you do get his autograph in the letter. You can get out of it in 10 years. He probably didn't really sign it. But again, there's been, we are, we I think we've seen the last six years a complete breakdown, media and congressional in being able to control what's going on in the serious side of life. So we make a lot of what's, you know, we laugh at it. Well, we, we make a lot of what's going on in consequently. But no one could get to Reagan, not Congress and not the media. So gee, might as well have Woody on terrific. 20 minutes past 12 at WI and Zeebill costs for this here. We're going to talk just a little bit about movies and then we'll open the phones up and see what they want to talk to you about. Let's turn the tables on you this time. Let's see what they want to talk to you about. Now, maybe you've got a lot of those young sueds planted who call in about the movies, who are really who really pretend to be all in do film. You know, really, I never, I never plant my sueds. They just, they know by radar. They can tell. We'll come back with Bill Cosford right after this. So Lester Stallone stars in his most challenging role since Rhinestone. Yo, Maddie, and you came and you came without taking, and now you're pregnant. Stallone is Manelow in Barry. First, when part one. Rex Reed says, I love the costumes. Gene Ciscolyx claims four stars. Yo, absolutely. Roger Ebert says, has the popcorn. So Vester Stallone has the limp arm of the law. Barry, first went part one. You are the disease. It's good. Get you. And coming this summer. I know you are. But what a bond. Roger Howard in. I know you are. But what a bond. P. Weas. Last adventure. I know you are. But what a good. I thought they would get us in the right frame of mind to get into the movie's wonderful stuff. Is that good? Where did that one come from? Where did it come from? Is it local? Somebody's bizarre imagination. Yeah. We're not tracing this one back now. No, no, this was not stolen. No, this is not, this is not the sub-roll sound. No, like Mark. No, this is right out of the open. No, this is that's hot. I like that one. He weaselastic venture. Yeah. Brilliant. With Rucker Howard no less, when he brings us right back to the hit your record, the way you're for the sequel to come out by the way. I don't think they'll be a sequel. But then now you see Cisco and Ebert. That was one of the films that said should be burned. I think. Which one? The hit your should be burned. Are you serious? I'm quite like the boy said they're stressful. Then they have trouble getting into all the movie's act. I was out interviewing Warren Baytion Dustin Hoffman for this movie Ishtar. And we're sitting around a table waiting for the interview to start in Cisco was supposed to be there. But a woman comes into the last minute and says, I'm sorry, James had a call from his office. He won't be able to make the interview. He'll have to. Now here's a guy who's rearranging Warren B schedule. This is the critic out of control. Also, I'd want to know who from the office would call you out of an interview with Warren Baytion. He doesn't give them every single thing. Probably. You're a critic at large. I might have been Roger Ebert calling him. Roger may have gone into a food frenzy. You can't tell. You may have needed jeans help on them. Like you know, he does much popcorn as he does. And pretty soon it's going to go to your head. You're missing those big bags. They, um, they'll sometimes. Yeah. And they don't, yeah, pretty cook it now. That's what they just hammer up a garage. And he just rags in the theater with him. He'd be great at one of those film festivals that you like. Hey, they're all over it. Can now everybody but me isn't. Isn't kind. I think we don't have to read any more about that food stuff. Oh, yeah. Getting one of the other things we want to do before we take any calls is talk about another fantasy of yours because Cosper, you know, having been at the harrel so long and down there cloaked at one herald plaza at least when he's in town for so many years is now part of the establishment and the last time you're here, you were talking about the people mover and how exciting it was to get out of people mover and you were just you were swept up in the people. I thought you got to let him. I thought you were ready to move in. I was a people mover permanently and just to live in there. It's just an adorable little. And now the right side is open since you were here the last time uh, during every break, Cosper keeps just going even his lighter that he's got here today is a base side lighter. They said right on it. And you're going to be basketball team coming in a course so no question about it. Mike Miller's going to get us to Super Bowl in 1990 and our hockey team and the baseball team. I mean, and all of it's going to be downtown. That's the amazing thing. What is it with those guys over on that station anyway? This this poor swamp is out there with these with this petition is if I mean, just an 80% of him came from Joe's bar that has about six customers every day and they got like 25,000 signatures in Joe's bar. But he is the reasoning that this is something surprising that Miami is the only city in the country in which 45,000 people even allowing all the signatures with genuine want the Super Bowl to come there. I mean, you could get that from Core Gables. Yeah. I guess I should have thought of that or we could we could have done for Naranja. You know, get every single person's name on the thing. That's a good idea. Let's take a Super Bowl for Naranja to hell with, you know, the hell with Joe Robby Stadium. That's Mr. Robby to you. If you didn't see, you don't listen to that station. You know, I bagged him. I listen to the sports segment of that station and this guy weaver just, I mean, talk about giving you the creeps this Mr. Robby stuff. Yeah. Wow. He just everyone in the world calls this guy Joe and if you go to a madam, not Mr. No, not Rick Weaver because he's a real Joe. You know, this is really old. Well, that's one thing about IOD. You know that they're really objective about all this because like Robbie owns Rick Weaver. I mean, personally, he even has his socks in his underwear and adrores some somewhere and one of these days he's going to give him to him apparently. Even I was so one day Rick has legitimately a strange man. He's a success as a strange phenomenon. Yeah. This is a strange town. There is a strange aroma surrounding Mr. Weaver. There's no that's what all the people who work with him tell me. But that's another story. When they, do you ever catch him when he was on the Super Bowl preview show and they were, they were talking about Brent Musberger or somebody was interviewing Weaver for some reason. The dolphins were in the Super Bowl. I guess that was, oh, when was the last time we were in when we were crushed by a few three years ago. 49ers. And out of nowhere, we've written it up with this on Nassal television. I know where he says, you know, I made Brent Musberger's career. I gave him this first start. I know he even asked him about it. They're asking about the dolphins and all the rest. This is a strange man. Yeah. But he's not quite so egotistical when it comes to Mr. Robbie. Anyway, Mr. Robbie owns Mr. Weaver. You can go to the bank on that. Well, it'll lock stock and barrel. It'll be Mr. Robbie to me if he succeeds in bringing baseball to this town, which I mean, the NBA thing I think is great. We'll get into that in a second. But if he can get baseball here, he will be Mr. Robbie to me. But what I don't get, we're going to lose every listener on the whole across the spectrum now. But what I don't get is how you Baroff can say over and over and over again, we don't want multi-use stadiums. We only want parks. We want baseball parks, which is a great idea. We want more fennelays, more rigglies, and fewer what arrowhead stadiums or whatever those things are. We're, you know, re-versed, right, three-versed. And meanwhile, Joe Jusker's violence, and I will have it by the end of the decade, no problem, because we're going to put baseball in here. By folding up a bunch of chairs, on one side, we'll have a 307 foot left field, and I forget we're going to do it. We've made it wide enough so we get room to plop it in there. I can't wait to sit in this place. First of all, watching football and stadium designed also for baseballs, a pan and neck, because the field is too wide. But if you can get baseball there, then he'll be Mr. Robbie to me for the several years until the team flees, which is gate receipts are a bit of dollar and a half. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, this should be the perfect time for basing now. Now, now the truth comes. So I just, you know, I have our stadium is at Lake Lucerne. It's not in downtown Miami. So you're willing to predict the failure of anything like Lake Lucerne or Naranja anyplace else. But if it's in downtown Miami, like the metro rail and the people mover and the basketball team that you alluded to only moments ago, and I can't wait to hear this if it's downtown, then you know it's going to be great. And he always know flocking from airway to go to overtime. I just, I don't know, not listening to Rick Horo, who was on, I think, an IOD, of course. Oh, no, he was on with Ron Sachs. Excuse me. It was with Ron Sachs. He was on and Rick Horo, who's probably, I want to the best games going in history. He keeps getting paid to be the sports. What is that title? Sports? Um, I don't know what. Something or other. Now, something or other. He's on an off the spot. Sports authority, chairman or whatever, and nothing ever happens. You know, nobody ever gets to do now. We finally got another team. So now he can almost legitimize another five years of this salary that he gets. And he was telling us about all the great things and trying to tell us, well, it's not really an overtime. It's park west. It's not over. Just go down there and look, you know, walk around there at night. It's safe. It's great. Of course, he's not going to walk around there because you guys want to stay alive. People are not going to go there. Well, a certain kind of person certainly isn't going to go there because a lot of people who still won't go to parts of downtown Miami that are certifiably safe. Their parts of downtown Miami that are safer at night than coral tables. The reason maybe because there's no one there. It was not enough for traffic to support a mug or nonetheless, it's true that there are parts of downtown Miami that are very safe. And I, you know, whenever the film fell down. Like around the Harold, for example, let's know that Harold's not as good a place as for instance the access between Gusman Cultural Center and the Intercontinental Hotel, which during the season is an access many of us sueds travel because whatever is a Gusman film festival or maybe maybe city balla or something like that. And then for maybe a reception after which or you just go to the bar at the Intercontinental because that must be open and nice. I've walked that many of time looking help us in my Tuques, you know, or, or, you know, dressed in any way, but looking like a, you know, a helpless walking, but he just sued walking target in a way that I would never comport myself in New York walking from Broadway to my hotel. No way. I mean, you, you walk carefully there. You do the gets shuffle when you're, when you're coming from a theater in New York. And I, I get into furious arguments with people, even, you know, good friends over just this issue because people who think nothing of going to New York is too or something, I know how any will take it and I'll show again tonight. Yeah. Then they walk back to the old Gondgo into the Millford Plaza. They're coming down 443 to cross, you know, eight, seven, seven, seven, and a Broadway no problem. Long enough. And if you pay attention to what's going on in those situations, you can watch the guys that you, that he work in teams. And they can watch one up the block spotting you and there's the elves and they'll be a not one behind you. This is having to be a couple of times. There you got to be really careful. That kind of stuff doesn't happen where I travel in downtown Miami. But you see what's going on in New York is almost worth getting mugged for. What's going on here? It's just not worth. That's an interesting nuance that I had on thought. I never thought about it. I always force it. In other words, the risk factor has to be just to find. Are you willing to put your life on a line to go see a Broadway play or to go to Madison Square Garden as opposed to going downtown where there's nothing basically going on. You just give up your wallet as an additional cost of the ticket. Right. Well, no, I don't think the very fact that the NBA thing is downtown makes it good as a matter of fact it's going to make it harder clearly because people have their perception they don't want to go there. And there are some reasons for that. I mean, over town is a troubled area and it has been since they built no going there and split the road in there. Very profound. But on the other hand, NBA basketball does have a a younger, I think clientele for the most part, and say baseball or football. And it tends to be a more ethnic clientele. So they're going to get some people who aren't afraid to be there. Oh, yeah, it's all those middle class blacks and upper class blacks will live in South Florida, both of them. I mean, where do we have this large middle and upper class black pop? You may not be a middle class thing. I'm counting on some of those tickets going to people who just people who fans of sports period people who can't afford the dolphins should be able to afford the heat. Right? The dolphins take us have gotten pretty expensive. But the heat plays a lot more games than the dolphins do. Well, that's the problem. And that's why I've always been scared to blow. Maybe if we had a basketball team that played only like a 14 game season, that might be because we know they'll never make the playoffs anyway. Well, you know how what a funny town this is. Over over the case of those, what is it seven games, seven or eight games we're going to get from the dolphins each year. This is what people focus on. They and they there's the perception of tremendous unified community enthusiasm for the dolphins. Except you will not find the stadium sold out after the second loss of the season unless it's against the jets of the raiders. That's suggestive to me. Yeah, this is enthusiasm, but it's not what we think. We have everything focused in on this one little enterprise. The Miami dolphins eight times a year if they're lucky. And meanwhile, the hurricanes can go begging. Doesn't make any difference with our national ranking is. Doesn't make any difference about winning test of a pretty. They can't throw a stadium for anybody but gamesville another day and now gamesville is turned tail. So what what happens with the NBA is actually they're coming in and and you know the team is hoping that people are going to adopt this particular franchise and see it through his lean here, which Miami has not traditionally done. Yeah, but they won't. The other side of it is he won't say that he's just tipped towing on the edges, but you know they won't. Why have a problem? I would make a guess about baseball, but I don't know enough about basketball to make the guess. I'm not a big basketball fan. I certainly will go, but that all do out of sued civic duty. You know, I'll go to a couple games a year to see what happens. I'm going to run a people mover, but yes, and I will go on the people mover because boy is it convenient and handy. You know, only 25 cents gets you a self-flared transportation bargain. Now you force that out of me. Well, I'm trying to this man. He's part of his brain. I think he had a little bit of the same operation they gave Bill Casey just a partial. And at the Harold, you know, they take all the employees. They take the employees and they give them the psychological tests and they scream at them and they shout, they really do that. Don't they? Actually, they they do have a testing battery. Yeah, but I've heard that the tests that they do now are just incredible. And they take these poor bastards and they put them in a room with some lunatic and he screams and yells and insults them and they just do all kinds of while tests. That's just part of your weekly process. You go in and you meet your editor and that's just the performance review. Is that what he might performance review? 24 before one at WINJ, I think we had to take some calls for calls for because he's back himself into an up-court or is now just I get want to say what might say something about move out before we're finished. Oh, but the NBA, when they say, oh yeah. And that is who knows what really will happen because for the first time we have two seasons of professional sports. That's going to be very. Yeah, but he also found this some other hurricanes basketball and you notice even though they sold it out to corporations, got all the tickets sold, you saw how many people showed up for those. What is it? It's a night session. Well, 1200, 1400 and what's going to happen is then when we have a pro basketball team playing at the same time. Good question. Yeah, excellent questions. Does anybody thought about that? I don't know if somebody has this or that question. He didn't have a very satisfactory answer. Well, no, Zav Buffman, a prime mover, not the but a prime mover in the best real franchise does come from my beat as it were, my principal beat, which is the culture in pseudo intellectual areas in town. What you see now you've convinced me that this is true. It is true. I am confident that I mean, this guy sometimes, it isn't always succeed, but it's a pretty shrewd guy. He usually studies the stuff. And they, I've got to figure as base I did, base I had all kinds of marketing surveys in which they predicted precisely what many people said wouldn't happen, which was a gangbuster opening. I got to figure that Zav's got a line in the same thing. He's got reasonable leave that a lot of people are going to come. And certainly, if it works at all, this team works just within a couple of years, that will bring the entire community on its back. Thanks Paul. Very much. I don't know if it'll bring baseball, but it will bring over town, actually with semblance of decency as a community. All fighting this same way that base I just bringing this game, Boulevard back. La Crosse to at least dissemblance of bad, admit, promise. Okay, Bill Cossford is here. Let's give those numbers out and see if the audience wants to talk to him or if they're just a terminal at this point in date County six. And you can ask about movies because that's why he's here. But, you know, we like to kill a lot of time in date County six two four oh one nine one. Let me say it again six two four oh one nine one and it browards seven six four oh seven oh seven seven seven six four oh seven oh seven it's 21 before one at WINZ. We're up against sex now so could be a little bit tough. We'll come back right after this. Okay, 19 before one at WINZ, New Rogers with my guest Bill Cossford, they were a movie critic. I almost said radio critic. I guess you try to move into that area a little bit for the Miami-Harrord and not too many people want to talk to Bill. That's about him lying. Got very limited number of calls on a board. I told you first of all, they're not interested in movies. They don't care about the basketball team. They know it's going to be a flop. Colourization, they couldn't give it damn less. They feel like Woody Allen, but hey, I'll give the numbers out one more time if they will no one to talk to you. That's their business. I'm surprised. I don't want to talk to you. They have a Harold target. Three lines lit on the board. I mean, that's embarrassing. I'm a barber cap admin getting he's better response than that. I'm surprised with all the vitriol about the Harold. Since they have a captive. Hey, Zach. Hey, if you want to rip costs for a hero, I mean Linda Thornton, we wouldn't let you do that too because she's not responsible, but he's sitting here defending it. Well, because she's a decent human being. Exactly. I am not some kind of a sues. I'm just a kind of yellow journalism. I am typical to kind of scum who would not only do one of these stories, but would defend it. Yeah, I hear hellish. It's savory. Well, I'll give the numbers one more time. And if not, we'll just say goodbye to the audience in date County 624. Of course, I guess they heard everything that they needed to know about movies yesterday. 624 0191 in date and one open line in Broward at 764 0707. And Bill has promised if you're real nice to him that just before 2 o'clock, you'll tell you why Rob low wears the earring. Okay. We don't want to leave it all to Sturdy. Do we? I think Rob low may be the greatest single talent in motion pictures today. My amy. Hello. Hello. I don't care to know about Rob low too much, but I might ask a question about movies. I believe it or not. First of all, Math's appeal. I'm glad you mentioned that. It was a fine film. I was about there enjoyed it. Excellent. Yep. Especially on Catholics. I think you raised a lot of questions with them. Good. Second of all, I think basketball is going to bomb, but baseball, you got a point there. Well, I just mentioned baseball because there's a personal preference. I'd be really skeptical of that one too. What worries me about to my amy audience is are they good over an 81 home game schedule? And that's a matter of question with the NBA. Are they good? How many home games is an NBA team play? Too many. 40. 40. So what? I mean, it could be hockey. It could be worse. It could be hockey. But on you see the Orioles and you see the ranks up in waterdale, they sell it out every week every day. They do draw the Orioles I've actually have noticed are drawing better than they used to. I have no relaxation for that because they haven't been doing well in the regular season, but the last couple years, even at Miami Stadium, which is in the famous bad neighborhood that are drawing better. Yeah. What I really want to talk about is this colorization thing, but we would or not. Great. I mentioned it to know if the people who are colorizing these films, did they not purchase the rights to do that? Yes indeed they did. So, and I've heard Neil talking all morning, I guess, about the first amendment rights, which are guaranteed and which cannot be bought or sold. But we're getting into the debate about someone who actually purchased the rights and therefore probably has the right to colorize the film whether the director or the actor has something to say about it or not. Well, I don't think it's one of the reasons why the congressional hearings were such a farce. There's no legal issue here. I mean, the Ted Turner has the right to put color on video tapes of movies in the same way that any director whose producer has bought a script has a right to make modifications in the script. It happens every time that's the way movies are made. What it is is a, it's an aesthetic and maybe moral question. But what that's doing being debated in Congress, I don't have this slightest idea because there's no legal problem for Ted Turner at all. Here opinion it is a mood point right now. Yeah, the only thing about this surprises me is apparently it is turning out to be true. Maybe it's just a novelty effect. But it is turning out to be true that people would rather want color versions than black and white. And maybe I'm just old enough to remember having watched a lot of films in black and white. But it seems to me when you turn on the TV doesn't make a heck of a lot of difference. But I guess some of these pictures like it's a wonderful life that I think of as being in black and white are actually drawing a bigger audience because they're in these ridiculous ice cream colors. And that surprises me. I don't know why it is. But they're out there. Those people. Last thing, do you think the same problem applies when you turn on TV and you get a Nike commercial with a John Lennon revolution in the background? That's kind of bastardizing those songs. It is to the extent that you, to the extent that they once meant something to you and I'm of the generation that fights were sold. Yeah, I am. Accinounce them and he's sold them. Unfortunately, as pure as Michael would like us to think to the end, he does a lot of things for money. And that was one. And that's kind of a sad deal. He's like hearing a Bob Dylan ballad being used to pedal arms or something. It's the whole business of Rock's sellout is a sad one. But Rock groups by a large soldout a long time ago. There have been sponsored tours for years. And popular music is no longer the force for social change it once was. And even if it were, given the tender of the times, I think if Rock groups were going to make a social statement, it would probably make a lot of money and do it now because that's the social thrust of today as opposed to the 60s when it was. We don't care about money. We want an idealistic life or that kind of thing. Frankly, yes, it annoys me a great deal when I see venerated popular songs that once had political meaning being used to pedal shoes. What I do then is, and I really do do this. I do do this. I don't buy the product. I mean, if products I won't buy. You said several things on a show today, by the way, which I'm not so sure are acceptable. One of the good standards and practices after the show. You can come back because radio being pervasive, my words of already sunk exact through the very Tahuazo of software like the newspaper we made, it would just show up on your doorstep. These words even if you don't order it. These words sit in the homes now like PCBs are read on and they'll come up to infect the young. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I'm Inspector coming once and once to spray the walls to get them out. We have an open light in day 624-091-Bich, hello. I nail hi. I have a question about movies. Yes, Tar? Yes. I'm Dustin Hoffman, which I would go to see anyways because I like him more and beady. I don't understand what the big deal is, but he'd probably be okay. It's gotten terrible but I plan on seeing it anyways. What did you think about it? Well, I didn't think it was terrible. I don't think it's very funny. I'm writing about this for this Sunday. One of the sad things about our obsession these days with money is in the lists and rankings and ratings and all the rest is that no one can get away from the knowledge that if star crossed between $40 and $50 million to make, hence although it's not a very funny movie, now it's being called a colossal their colossally dunderheaded or an unbelievably big failure. Well, it's not that. If you didn't know how much it cost you'd walk in, I think you'd chuckle and enjoy it and you'd walk out. But unfortunately, now that we know and have made a big deal of how much it cost people are judging it in terms of its money, it certainly doesn't look as if it should have cost $50 million. On the other hand, it's a chuckle movie, but given the salaries of Warren Badey and Dustin Hoffman and the director, the movie cost $14 million before they'd done anything. These are very high paid people. So it's not a big movie, it's going to lose somebody a tremendous amount of money and the odd thing is I'm an agreement with you in one interesting statement which is I've never understood what the big deal is about Warren Badey either. He has not made that many films, most of them have been successes, but he's one of the most powerful and popular men in Hollywood and I guess because he's long been thought of as being a guaranteed box office draw, his story is about to prove that that is not true. Well, it has money and do it, so he's the one who's going to lose it. Well, actually Columbia Pictures is going to lose the $50 million. He's the producer, but he produced in the real sense, not the executive producer sense that is he was for a $500,000 fee, the man who ran the operation. He supervised the hiring of people, made sure they were on schedule and assisted the director in any way he could, but he has told me he gave the director free hand for the most part. And in this case, producer does not mean that he put up the money. The money came from Columbia Pictures, $28 million and they went over that budget by about as much as 23 more. Well, I would have done a $250,000. I could have done it for 150. I would have to. Yeah. Okay. Well, this call ought to be great. Somebody in a pay phone and Hollywood wants to talk about the Harold. Hello. Hello. Yes. First time calling here. Good. And I just thought this is the perfect opportunity to call in with this amusing anecdote I have for you. Our last month, I was in Iowa taking a vacation out in Colorado and we're on a flight out to Denver. And we noticed in the seat in front of us was this young detractable man sitting there, reading a book, mining your business. And then the seat next to her was vacant, but then on the aisle seat was this 12-time ago, and it was so obvious that he was annoying and testing her as he kept the wrapping and hawking her and trying to press her and what he does and for living and trying to pick her up and she was very polite and was just trying to ignore him, but this was going on for the entire flight out to Denver. Guess who that was sitting next to her. Gary Hart? No. Tom Fiedler. That's right. No, it wasn't. That's the honor. That's the honor to be told to be a little bit more. And we were listening each dropping in on the conversation and it turns out to be so ironic that people in class have their good growth own. How do you like that? I've never known Fiedler to be boastful at all. We're both there. There are some people who get off on their role as reporters, but I've never known Fiedler to do that. He's very quiet, soft-spoken man. But maybe he leads a double life. Yeah. Yeah. He's the Clark kid of the Miami-Herald. Well, now that this is out, another people have heard it, I can predict that we will have a stake out of Fiedler's digs. So we're happy to story for you. And we're incredible. Thank you, sir. A WI and G exclusive. 10 minutes before one at Winds, we have a two open lines in Broward now, 764-0707. You're doing a little bit better, not overwhelming. 764-0707 will come back with Bill Cosford of the Herald right after this. Our own. That'll be a good hand. Yeah. He was very good. I have years very good. I've yet to see him not make a lot of sense in the act. And we're going to talk about freedom of speech and he's very good on that too. We do have an open line in date. Somebody expired. They're on their way to see each star. 624-091. They harbor island. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'd like to ask Mr. Cosford about two pictures. One picture was beyond therapy. Why did that only last one week in the city? I don't know. I really liked beyond therapy a lot. Really? It was an annexed story. In a profound sense. It was the Robert Altman adaptation and the derangue play about people and their therapists. And of course, the therapist wound up being crazy. It was a farce never fails. It was ten times the farce that is taris. For instance, it's a very fine movie. A lot of people just hated it. And I got some mean mail on that. And it also got some bad reviews and people just wouldn't go. We were saw people in the movie. Sometimes they just don't work. Altman is a perfect example. He's the same guy who made Nashville and a wedding and mash. Right. But people have forgotten that and he's, he's been on a downhill slide. People don't go to see his movies anymore. I have no explanation for that one. There are times when people have radar for quality movies. And it's a better radar than the USS Starkhead. It's like anti-radar. They protect a good movie and they won't go. We have another great movie called Coming Up Next. It says the owner of the Pussycat theater. He's on line three. Could this be the Rugg Riff at the really calling in? It could be. Hello. It's a div. I can't believe it. I'm calling it my car. The reason I'm calling is the about a month ago. The city of Miami, the police department of his a total 11 officers to lieutenant. The Miami fire department came to the theater and compensated a film which they said was the time. The police had a lot of time and effort on this film. The Miami hall for a four week straight. They were once paid. They run four complete pages in the neighbor section, photographs and everything. Yesterday we were in court with the same film and Judge Klein ruled that the film was not obscene. I haven't seen anything missing the hell about that at all. This is the first time hearing of it. Since we've got people covering courts, I can't imagine that someone else is in the whereupon. I would expect we'd have a story on that. There's this that's at law. They're also trying to charge us with now is the rack of cheering law which they went back 17 years or 11 years. I think it was trying to take the 18 films out of the 5000 something we have ran and those they did take and make a rest on 18 on the self of the details were declared with just with health education, not guilty. And they're trying to make a rack of cheering. It which they can make a stick. They could confiscate all the properties that is all my gate is included in the corporate is the butter's also anything that I own and put it right out of business. This is an intriguing approach that this has been kicked around for years now to restricting so-called obscene films is the rack of cheering statute. I've watched that about this long is that anyone that profits are it takes money from this corporation can also be a codependent. Yeah, the idea of being that's for not pornographic films presumably are all manufactured by organized crime which is a statement that is transparently false. But beyond that it's an amazing case of selective enforcement because if we were to go after every legitimate business that beneath it has some sort of organized crime tie we could start with nightclub and cabaret acts and just we could fold down all live entertainment by the same criterion because I mean you got the comedian such as Don Rickles who will openly joke about their mob agents and the guys who are booking them. It's not even a secret in the industry. The fact is there are a number of glossy industries that are mobbed up to one extender another. I mean if we were going to worry much about rack of tearing behind enterprises we should set down truck drivers because the teamsters on theory passed. It's another example of a little scam being run for a more realistic purpose. Actually people who worry about the pussycat that are ought to feel happy that Miami has so few of these that are. I'm talking with the idea in the back of my mind to pussycat and that one on Miami Beach, I think is the rose of belt or whatever, ought to be declared like some sort of historic monuments in Miami because South Florida has very fewer them. In the video tape businesses almost eviscerated them. We should treasure the couple that we have and the whole idea of them what we should protect because they're a different disappearing species. The reason I'm talking about this law is so loose and so bad that the Miami hell could be a co-descendant in this lawsuit and they could actually bring a mend of fact is that they've taken over $2 million of my money in advertising and they certainly know what type of films we run. We run extra-difitters. They advertise. They've been articles on it and whether it's law or reason. Anyone that's proper, probably could be brought in the co-descendant. This is the first time they've tried this type of law in the state of Florida. So far we want to find Judge Fuller and he issue. It would not issue a temporary restraining order against the for the city for the theaters and they have 60 days to answer and they could tilt his decision. The meantime we're still tied up in court with this hanging over I had that they could come and cops get to properties and what is it completely out of business just because of these films that they, well, they're not interested in the Rob scene. I'm going to even want even if you have one in the case. Okay, I'm out of time herely right but hopefully a bill will get to the right people at the end of the year. Another good scam here too involved in this and they've been doing this video shots a lot. Okay, let's pick it up. We come back. Likewise, the headlines CBS with a world news at one will come back. People are news wins if you'd like to call Neil doubt. 107 at W. I. And see that story about Yuri Geller was really a little more inane and you realize because the man's been proven to be a fraud to begin with. So what difference does it make? What he's eating right at this stage of the game? But don't confuse CBS with the tales. Okay, we have an open line. Somebody passed out in date when they heard about that. They were busy bending their spoon at lunchtime and they couldn't handle it. 624-091. Now before we go back to the calls, you were right in the midst of a song and a dance about the push you kept. The great scam about supposed to actually videotape prosecutions is what they do. They get some judgments here and there. That session such movie is obscene. Then they don't go to the videotape store and say you better look out for such a such movie. They go and give them a long list of movies that might be seen on there. We'll be in the titles that they know they have a judgment on somewhere else. So the video tape people are there in the situation where if the law were really designed to call out you know, really mean. They were given the titles. And the people you know would say, okay, that's out. That's out. What they do instead is tell them you may have one and they give them no choice but to either get rid of all their sex videos or be busted. And you'll note that the bus are routinely against only one kind of person. It's poor 18 or 19 year old clerk who's in their work. Never gets any other kind of person. They win them busted. It is the most is really a savage and a cross-like thing. We've busted up in Bay County because he sold a cassette an album to a 14 year old boy without a sticker on it. It didn't even have a tipper sticker. By the way, again, I know that we're all supposed to be rational about this. And I think of myself as a serious political thinker but there's no way Albert Gore and I keep hearing more and more about him is getting my vote in any circumstances and he's because of his wife. Because of him but it's because of her. She's a lunatic and I don't know anything to do with those people. How about if he gets divorced? Divorce and runs away with Donna Rice on Mendus. Okay, tremendous. Miami, hello. Oh, hi, Neil. You guys are terrific today. I'm sitting here in my office at my door closed. That's what historical laughing at you. That a couple of questions for you, Bill. I read your column consistently. Love disagreeing with you. Oh, good. Take the hell, but it's unfortunately a family game in town and I've been a subscriber for more than 15 years isn't that horrible? Well, it is. It's dismaying and depressing. I've been a subscriber only a little bit longer but they's not the only game in town but it is the major game in town. I think it is. It's really frustrating. But I still get the time to find out what's really going on before I hold good for you. Well, I get the time every day, too, for a different perspective. I'll do you really? Yeah, but the interest is interesting. You know, we, well, of course, I wouldn't miss the time each day either but the national edition of the times has so much earlier deadlines and in fact, your national news will be more up to date in the Harold every day. The only time you'll get a break on the times is if they had a scoop of store that a girl doesn't have. Absolutely right. But if you really want to know what's happening in town and you care about your community, you've got to reach your local newspaper. Yes, you do. And you don't have to agree with the newspaper. Oh, no, I love disagreeing with it. Yeah. I happen to be another one who adores what you have. I'm a big Woody Allen fan. Do you know what his next movie is going to be and when it's coming out? I can confidently tell you that the title of it is Woody Allen's untitled because that's always the title at this point in his working. Then after a while, it will probably become Woody Allen's fall movie. We'll be having the second working title and I would expect that once again, we will see it in January or February of 88. What it is about and who's in it? I don't know. Some people may but this is usually a closely guarded secret in this time again apparently it is. I did hear that he will be in his next one as opposed to not in. Oh, how terrific. Are you a will be in the new one? I have heard that but there's never any telling. He does keep them under wraps and we're considering sticking out the set if we can find out where it is. I can't believe he's going to finally be a daddy. Yeah, that's an amazing thing. 51 years old and if no plans to marry, of course, but he says, you know, this will be an interesting experience. The weird thing about is, even Mia has said, Woody doesn't much like kids. So this will be intriguing. They aren't intriguing, but I really think they're really a perfect match, quite honest. Yeah, they are. One other question. I'm going to see this star. I happen to remember a lame-a-mame when they were nickels in May with a big fan of there. Yeah. And I am a very big dust and hotness in May. So am I. One day, I can take or leave. Mostly I could leave except I happen to have like shampoo very very much. But I will see it. Well, I would encourage everyone to see it. I, you know, I didn't like the film very much. I gave it a two-star review, but I never think of the purpose of those as giving people an excuse not to go to a movie. Anybody with any curiosity about any of the participants ought to go. Definitely. And my last question basically is about Richard Chamberlain. He has done so well on TV. How kind of he's never made it on the big screen? A number of people are that way. David Jansson was the same way. Yeah, another one that I really liked and very talented. Yeah, the best definition I've heard of that is that these were figures who were essentially too hot or depending on whom you believe, too cool for the big screen. They were small screen. You know, if the small screen is the cool medium, they were perfect for the for the smaller screen. And they just don't blow up very well. There are a number of them who were like that. I don't have any more profound explanation to that except that whenever I see Richard Chamberlain in big close up for instance, I'm aware that I don't think he's a very good actor. Whenever I see him on television, I never think that. I always think that he's, you know, perfectly adequate to the role. Jansson is very much the same way. I thought he was a marvelous television actor in a few films that I saw him in. I just was never impressed one way or the other. Is his play life birthed along Broadway and has a closed post? Who's Richard Chamberlain? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I'm sorry to say. It's about to New York and I just wanted you to have the information. No, but I do know, and this is not a plug that we run the Broadway listings in the Sunday hero virtually every Sunday. It would be in there. Okay, again, thank you. And Neil, I am so glad that you are on in the morning and during the day. Me too. You have no idea how happy I am. Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. All right. Speaking of band videos, let's take a call from Margade. Hello. Oh, gee, where is it? We don't like to fan videos here in Margade. It's some fair. I was going to ask Bill about colorization, but then when you got the call from Leroy Griffith, it opened up a whole move avenue of my conversation, I used to be one of the prosecutors that worked to get a persecutors that worked against Lee Roy and a number of his films that we confiscated from the footic at. You were one of those people who was wasting taxpayers dollars. You're absolutely right. We're wasting the taxpayer dollars. Going against his guy who had an in my opinion, if he liked to show whatever he wanted to show, because he couldn't let kids under a team into the theater. And these were adults who wanted to pay the seat of stop, so I saw as we know reason why that's one of the reasons I left. After we know reason why he couldn't show his film, Bill said that there was, or you did say that what we would do is going with a list of mom and pop video and say you may have some point out, we wouldn't even go in with a list. We send in an undercover guy. He got the x-rayed section that says clearly, x-rayed adults only known under 18 admitted, closed off with a door, they go in, they pick some of the runchiest looking tapes, take them home, buy them, you will four or five times, get their jolly's, write them down, take them to a judge, and it depended on which judge he went to is to whether he decided it was obscene or not. And Jerry Klein since he left his wife, or his wife left him, has never had had yet to find something obscene, while he was married, everything was obscene. It depends on your judge and it depends on what happens during the day with them, as to whether they're going to go and go along with determining something is not to be seen by the general public. It's an interesting nuance that you wait for your judge or wait for your judge to go through change of life for something and then boom you got it. Yeah, that's true. In some video stories have been into, they get a list, but only after the tapes have been read and only after the bus has been made. Well, yeah, well, they busted them for four or five tapes, they take all of those tapes down. You know, and if the older judges that dump on make their or make these movies of scenes, the younger ones won't go near it. I used to walk around with one of the cops trying to find a judge that was in who I knew, we could clear something of scene where we had to get a warrant out. And it was ridiculous. It's about which one is here to go. This one is off the list here and let's see, that one, no, we don't want to go to him. He's going to get in the hard time. But what is the time? What is the purpose of this, though? I mean, of the exercise, other than to continue posturing for the public. Well, thanks, Rockofe, I love Oberwana. Yeah. Way out there, it's Miami. And basically they're saying, we don't want this, you know, this is a very strict, and that's why they're doing it. I mean, why else do they post the post? Do trauma on the bullvard when they have better things to go after? It's something that's very visible, very public, and makes a big splash. You know, like when the hero wanted to print the name or when the hero did print the name to the judge, it makes a big splash. Everyone knows the concept doing something that we asked them to do. And that's why they're doing it. I mean, they busted a couple of stores and it made me, made all the local news stories about a year and a handful ago. Because, wow, gee, when we don't, we're going to go we go and we're going to do all this wonderful stuff against them, and then we find that just doesn't fly. Yeah, later on, and when the judges come back with no disease, don't have the same after I've used it three times. Of course it's successful. You know, we're going to a trial with these guys and you've shown 16 films, and after the first film, the jury of the judges like, give me a break, they're tired, they're bored, they don't see it, they sleep, and then they only judge the first film or seen all the rest of them work because they didn't see them. Or they didn't see them. That's new, right? Yeah. So that's what I had to say. Well, you know, locked it on polarization. I just had to get the toneography off my chest because we were right, you know, in so many ways. Well, again, a big problem we have, too, is that uh, x-rayed materials don't have many defenders. You know, you get a broad first amendment defense often that will say, now I don't like this kind of thing, but you could very few people come out and say, I like it, and you know, and it's defensible on these grounds. Most people take them more timid approach, and it's too bad Andrew Sarah's film critic for the Village Voice Periodically comes out and writes, unqualified defenses or pornography. He likes it, he enjoys it, and he will actually discuss it. But most people don't want to defend this kind of thing. Because again, it's the unpopular speech who wants to defend unpopular speech. It's like the Nazis marching in Skokie. So that's the same thing. And when a government starts making these definitions of what is and what is not obscene, you know, we lost it. We blew it right there. How many years ago was that 15 years ago, whatever it was? When we allowed the government to say, what is obscene and what is not and try to define it, that was the beginning of the end. And now the road just keeps getting deeper and longer, and I don't know if we're ever going to get out of it. Well, the assumption that most people don't seem to grasp that the government is making is that we cannot for ourselves. We can't determine it. We can't do it. We've got to have them do it. And if somebody doesn't want to see it, nobody is dragging them in off the street. No matter what it is, and we're now in a period of supposedly, the most conservative government is been. I was likely to be in some time, and we know the conservatives are rarely want less government. But in fact, it's nothing conservative about this. No, no, no. The conservatives only want less government when it comes to regulating big business, the people that they represent. They want more government when it comes to regulating public private morality. That's when they want to really step in. This really meets these two things clash completely in the FCC business. Because all this talk about the marketplace will decide, the marketplace has decided on how it's turned into Neil Rogers. There's no question about community standards. The community standard is Neil Rogers. The other stuff is off to the side, because the community standard is how it's turned. That's what people are listening to. When the marketplace meets the desire to regulate morally, it's a great, wonderful explosion for these people. The thing is, do we have to live with this now as Reagan is in Grassey, this appears. We're going to have to live with it for 10 or 20 years. We're going to have more of this. Have in health. There's 20 minutes past one at WI and Zeeb Bill Cosford is here. The movie, creepy. 22 minutes past one at WI and Zeeb and I wanted to make you feel a little insecure. And of course you did. But we see I purposely open the phones in the middle of the lunch hour in the new hour, which is always an impossible hour to start the phones. Is that what we're on lunch hour? First comes on to. Well, he does have, let's go to Hollywood next to. Hollywood? No, they must, they just left to call Ron Sax as a matter of fact. Boca, hello. Hello, how you doing? Okay. Yeah, I'd like to make the comment about Woody Allen. I have, you said it's movies on title. I have a title for it. And it is. Rocees are the rich and privileged. Okay. Well, what was the first part again? You wrote these. You wrote these of the rich and privileged. I have a lot of time Woody Allen. I feel he's very smogginous movies. There's movies all about his rich and privileged friends. Very insulated. This is a lot of time in York. And I don't know. He lives in a fantasy land because he's in his own world. It's all low world. He wants to make black and white movies. You know, let him make them, but I don't want to see him. Well, he does live in his own world. I think increasingly you'd find him willing to admit that. Although one of the things he takes a knock for that is shooting almost exclusively in New York and placing everything in New York, there's a less, there's a more prosaic answer for. And that is that Woody just likes to shoot location as over sets. It largely because he knows he can do so on a lower budget. And he knows New York if he feels comfortable there. And he's admitted. He doesn't like to leave the city. That's where he lives. And basically, he shoots things there just because it's easy. Why, why can't understand that? However, he doesn't like to leave it mentally. He only does. With his close circle friends and all of them are very neurotic, very privileged. They live in a fantasy world. A man has happened. If you're right, you'll read it, New York, a magazine. It seems like you could take any story in New York magazine and it would be Woody Allen script at the same attitude. I would point out though that for instance, Purple Rose of Cairo was a film that had nothing to do with anybody or privilege. There was a fantasy about a woman during the depression who had a bad marriage and a movie actor actually stepped out of the screen and fell in love with her. And her life now, everybody in that was poor except for the actor. But in an interesting reversal, he had the rich swells, frozen up on the screen while their actor was out having an affair in real life. The rest of the people who were in this rich setting couldn't, they couldn't go on with their scene and there was simply frozen there and kind of immobilized. But for the most part, you're right, Allen does that kind of thing. I happen to still find him very funny. I love Radio Days, which was only half and half about rich folks. There's a period piece and the family in Radio Days was, you know, lower middle class, uh, a little to the floor. And, you know, he is in a quiet taste. Not everybody goes for it. Some people are turned off by New York humor, but some other people simply don't like the whole idea. They don't buy the constant neurotic business and I can understand that. I can grasp it. Actually, what he Allen's films are never that popular. He's most popular film, uh, Annie Hall was not a big money maker. Yeah, I agree with that view. And also on colorization, I just want to say that I think it does work well with all musical. I think Yankee Dool-Dandy would actually, uh, with Jimmy Cagney. I think it actually added to that movie. People were the flesh and movie to begin with. A number of people think that way, although they're in the minority, at least, no, they're not in the minority. Obviously, most people think colorization is neat because they're watching it, but, um, some critics have even made the point that she was some of these movies do look better. Uh, the best example I've seen is some old Laurel and Hardy two reelers that have been colored and the color is still bad enough so that it's not very good color. And I'm a Laurel and Hardy two reelers. It almost looks like one of those old colored postcards, or people used to put the pastel photo colors on top of postcards. Uh, and they have a real antique flavor because of that. And they do. They look fine. Yankee Dool-Dandy, I guess, is enough of a piece of fluff so that you can buy it. I think really what has people most upset is the idea that Ted Turner, the ultimate Philistine, can do what he wants with those movies. It's the same thing the earlier color mentioned. They know Michael Jackson owns the Beatles songs and he can do with them what he wants. And frankly, I don't trust Michael Jackson. I'm not happy about it. Really? No, I don't. I don't trust Michael Jackson's Australian, you know, he keeps giraffes and whizzles and stuff. He talks to snakes. The guy is just, you know, he's a wonderful scandal because Pepsi apparently has this whole generation of ads that can't release with Michael Jackson. Just because he's, he's too odd. They're afraid that people who drink Pepsi will hear it comes. Good. Hello, this is Michael Jackson, urging you to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen. I urge you to do like I do. Go at a loan. But make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson gloves. When I'm either hand, the Michael Jackson gloves add the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself. So remember, before you throw it out, put it on and Michael Jackson gloves, proving once again that a bird on a hand is better than one in the bush, a better than sickle and muddle for extra stimulation. Now, haven't you always wanted to live in a glass bubble? I mean, isn't that just what you read and I still want to, I still enjoy this particular spot. This is the best one of the short things that you do. Joe Johnson said, well, listen, he had to do something redeeming in his life before he tried to become a talk show host. Joe was not ordinarily that funny. No, but if you want to fight out, tune him in some of my, um, Saturday, he showed a rare nice guy. It really is a nice guy, but he's not funny. You know what I'm saying, Joe? And this is like, you know, if he would have dealt with this thing properly, if he would have sold it or something, he could have probably lived the rest of his life all of that. And see, people don't mind stake out some Michael Jackson or Madonna and Sean Penn. That's interesting. They don't mind that kind of thing at all. You've never seen Michael Jackson. You've never seen him come out. You don't see Michael, although I know there's a paparots, so even now outside the Disney attraction in his backyard, you know, lurking and hoping to catch Michael walking around the, uh, the oxygen tank in the room. Wait a minute, we're being counted down. Something really good is coming up here. Something is happening. What is that? Sunny Fox. Sunny is playing sunny Fox. Who was that? Oh, that was Sunny Fox calling. I thought somebody was playing a tapestine fox. What was he saying? He was, I don't even care what he was saying. You believe it, Sunny Fox called in. He calls every time I'm on and you always say this. We never put a lot. I don't want to talk you, son. I get lost. Go away. Go away. I don't even know Sunny. I don't feel kind of a bit. City is not lucky. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Are you there? Neil? Hi. Hi. How are you? Great. We haven't spoken for many, many years. How come? Well, as time I called you, we were speculating on the possibility of Richard Simmons breaking into the Queen's bedroom. And since then, from what I hear he probably has. Well, as you recall, we were talking about the fact that perhaps he was trying to find out how a real queen decorated his food wall. Exactly. I do remember that. If don't long time. Yeah. And since then, they've closed up most of his joints. So what is that, Tony? Yes, indeed. Good talking to you. And I'm back with you again. I'm glad that you're under the day. And I've enjoyed you, thoroughly. How are you? Okay. And you're so. Very well. Thank you. I have enjoyed your column for a long, long time. I'm glad. That two questions for you. What is Carol Burnett doing these days? I don't have the answer to that. How was your head soundski here? Soundski would know these things. But or maybe Jack Sturdy. Jack Sturdy, you know, have not heard word one about what she's doing since about a year ago. She was involved with some benefit. Might even one of the AIDS benefits in Hollywood. I haven't heard a thing. Certainly no movie plan that I know. I'm that's for sure. Okay. How about Lily Tom when is she planning to do a movie in the near future? No, she's apparently going to go back on the stage with the one woman show, the search for intelligent life and the universe. The movie is now out that the documentary on how she put together that show was Jane Wagner. And this was the movie that Lily sued the film makers for. After having agreed to, you know, let them film her part of her act. She sued them for taking too much of the act. And the suit eventually was thrown out because the judge ruled that the film was, you know, they had not trespassed their agreement. But meanwhile, the the publicity over that and the good reception the film has received has caused her to think that she kind of close the Broadway show too soon. She's going to go back to New York and do that. Oh, and I would guess you'd do it for a year or so. Which I'm glad for because I've not seen seen it as well as being marvelous show. I know you're not Jack Sturdy and I wouldn't even presume to ask his question. However, the handsome sir make her for quite some time. How is her Reynolds health? But Reynolds health apparently is excellent. He's, you know, he's being seen more in public. He has been on more talk shows. He's added some of the weight back. I mean, he's older than he was five years ago and you can tell that. But aside from that, he's also done a string of films right in a row. Boom, boom. His taste is still no better, at least in picking scripts and directors. I don't remember how bad quite good. No, well, it was once he did a film called Starting Over That In Which He Was Marvelous. But it does appear as I think I suggest to the year or so ago that the business about TMJ, the trends, and then did be alert, joint disorder. That the disorder of the jaw that can really disrupt your equilibrium and requires surgery and extensive recuperation was exactly what Bert Reynolds did have, at least it's what caused him to lose a lot of weight. You know, there was a big AIDS rumor, but I got to tell you if he had AIDS at one point, he doesn't seem to have it now. He's the first, if he has AIDS at the first AIDS patient, I've seen to, you know, put 30 pounds back on and go back to work. I was a really alluding to that although I was quite concerned about itself because I hadn't seen him around for a while. I know he didn't, as you said, made a couple of movies recently and hasn't. I have not seen him locally on television, so apparently I'm missing him what he's on. He's, he's turned up on Carson and a couple of the others and every now and then you'll see him in some sort of another Hollywood trippy, he's spending more time in California, I think, but but he went through a strange period. He was sick for a while for at least a year, so it was a disabling thing that affected his balance. Then when he had the surgery apparently, he was unable to eat salad food for a good six months. But the other thing to cut up with him at the same time was he made one too many cannonball runs and one too many smoking the bandits and his box office appeal had declined while he was still healthy. So I'll combine the two a couple of your lay-off. When he came back he found that it didn't really work many offers and they weren't real good offers. So now he's, you know, he's going to throw together as many films as he can because he wants to work again. But it's a very sad story and one respect and that he was at one point the number one box office attraction in the country and he essentially squandered it himself by doing lousy movies. Yes, indeed. Neil, can I ask you a question? Sure. Because this is out of bills, I know it's a movie thing. Tell me about your thoughts on Joan Rivers being fired. Well, I'm glad you asked that question. I think it was one of the most incredible premature, if I can still say that word on the air. You can't. A premature movements by Fox. I mean, she had just been hearing. She just being Carson for the third time. You know, you can't say movement either. On OK. Well, anyway, I think it was premature. I was at, you know, she had just been Carson for the third time in New York. She beat him. I think it was Washington for the first time. I mean, the show was only on for a few months. And here's the guy who's a legend who is just going through the motions. I'm talking about Carson. Not funny at all anymore. You're not going to expect to put around first of all. She's on in a lot of markets on a fringe stations, on U. H. F. stations and independence that have minimal viewership. And I think that they really need to give her time to grow. I didn't watch it that much. But I certainly think she's had some shoulders above Carson. As you say, I couldn't agree with you more. You put it very succinctly. Carson is doing nothing more now than going through. Oh, yeah. He just shows up. He just shows up. Well, that's all. His guests are no go here. No, every now and then he'll try to do a Letterman thing. But Letterman has so completely eclipsed him, unfortunately, that, you know, and what does that say? Well, you have a big Letterman fan. No, not in the least. I don't think Letterman's even mildly amusing. The only thing that's amusing I'm going to show is when they bring those animals out in the dog will think along the stage. And I don't think Letterman can take much credit for that. You know, unless he's feeding it before the show, but he can't take much credit. But it's the kind of thing you don't see very often. Yeah. I got to say the decision to go with guest hosts. If that, if they think that's going to be the solution to that, you know, to the Vox. I mean, that's lunacy. You can't do that. Neil. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Who was it, though, who was rumored as a possible host for that show? Somebody. How it's stirring? Yeah. How it's stirring, right? Well, how it allegedly is going to be on. I don't know. But after that show somewhere, I don't know. He allegedly is getting a show on Fox. That could work. But the problem is there you're beginning with essentially two markets. He's starting with New York and Philadelphia. We all have a decent audience. Yeah. He'd have to be given to the question is, is he going to be allowed to do the things that he does on a radio? And I think no certainly. Which is interesting. It's very interesting. Because on television, sexual and you window and all of this other stuff is rampant. It's almost every show. It's in the commercials. It's everywhere. And we in radio are the ones that they keep sticking to thumb down on. But interestingly enough, if he were to try to go on television and do what he does on radio, they never let a co-standards in practice is would never let the language go. No. I think the lesson there is that network television is far more regulated than, you know, I mean, network radio is carefully regulated too. But individual radio stations may allow some latitude. I mean, network television is absurd. But they know, but no, I don't agree to that. I'm just wondering. No, I don't agree with the regulators. Theoretically, they are. Well, I don't mean regulated in a legal sense. I mean, from within. All I say, that how the whole stand-ons and practices business. I mean, because the Commission were looking at them, the way they're looking at how it's thrown or at radio now, 80% of the shows would be off the air. But even the sitcoms, all those cute little family ties and all of those shows, the amount of sexual and you window and cute little jokes and snickering it goes on. If you look at out of there, there's no script left. But there's no way that the FCC is going to go after that because I think they widely regard radio constituency as powerless or authentic. And I think probably when they look at radio, they think FM anyway. It's kids. You know, it's all kids and all folks, you know, who cares about you. They want to. TV star messing around with prime time and all of a sudden, then you have a real uproar or presumably you will have one thirty seven and double you were twenty one before two and WI and Z and the phones are full. You've had a great response here today. You ought to feel really full of it. You jim. And I certainly do. I thanks to you. I do feel full of it. I want to add one, I don't know what made me think of this. We're just talking about radio during the break. But I am deeply disappointed that it appears that Larry King is clinging. It's coming very softly. Yeah. Because for a while, the prospect that he would be all together off the air in this market was just wonderful. Right. If I'm going to get this one, I'm going to get you know, I'll off the air and keep him off would be in great. Well, yeah, the reason that he bounces around here so much is that the people in this market know a better than anywhere else and they see through them and they're not going to listen to them. They know he just a stumble bump from Brooklyn or wherever and he's just, you know, oh, is everybody money. And a guy's just a little bit of luck, which I don't be grudging, but I just don't want to listen to him. I was, I think we could have a great guest on this show. We don't have a lot of guests. So you ought to feel honored that you're among this like few, but how about Angie Dickinson's optometrist? Huh? We're at serious that we could plumb. We could definitely plumb the depths of the human psyche. Exactly. If we knew exactly what he is put on her contact. No question about it or elsewhere. Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Right. They asked about, you know, you're talking, what's the best? The hurled a little. My favorite column is my gig on is Lucy Cooper. And I'd like to know that she went to the hurled the she went for independent restaurants. What if she's here on a plot time? I thought she had to have some kind of credibility. Well, she does work for the herald and although I don't always agree with her restaurant reviews. I think she has quite a ability in that she's a splendid cook herself and knows food very well. And she does visit the restaurants anonymously. It sounds like the caller has disagreed with Lucy on more occasions than I have. Her own balance I find her very dependable. Oh, here advertising on other radio stations that they're going to hold a party at a certain restaurant. And she's going to be there with some radio host. Now I was wondering, do you think that's? Yeah, that's certainly quite a credibility. I haven't heard about it. Yeah, that question of credibility. Like another restaurant critic in town. I want to mention his name. But, you know, when these people start chilling for certain establishments, where is the credibility? This one, I really don't know anything about. Yeah, you'll check into what's well. I mean, do we standing outside the next restaurant that she goes to in our trench coat? Certainly. What are you going to stick it out? You and that twerp will be standing outside. Well, North Miami. Hello. Oh, Mr. Copper? Yes. Yeah, I'll tell you the, uh, will complain I have about these colorization films. Uh, I don't believe they're colorizing the films that are colorful enough to to colorize. You follow what I mean? It's like the other night they had on the fighting 69th. Is a grab type of picture, you know. It's just what's been colorful enough. And it was more brown than anything. And now Ted Turner has access to all the MGM library plus the pre-1948 Warner Brothers films. He could do a lot of these old parts to be perfectly musicals, Captain courageous, muting on the bounty. And uh, he's not using the right discretion. I think I don't feel a bit. I would guess he's he'll get to those biggies, but it seems to me the strategy has been to begin with three or four key high profile films like it's a wonderful life. Colorize them and then put the colorizing attention toward those movies that are really not selling well in the market or that are not proven rating skaters because these these presumably are the weak ones where color might make a big difference in viewership. I can only figure that there's a core audience for the musicals and that they may not get around of those for a while because the figures are they're going to get watched and they're going to get sold anyway. And he's got another drag when coming up next month, father of the bride, which wasn't even a good picture to begin with. Well a lot of these aren't good pictures. Make no mistake. And then the other irony is many of them were made in black and white only because there was no color film or the production couldn't afford color film. Nonetheless there those films lurking in that catalog such as you know the film wars the John Houston films like Treasure The Snow and the Wild River. Yeah that's a blind. It really and Casablanca's an example. Citizen Kane I'm sure somebody will colorize it in a later just to be perverse the Turner will be the principal guy. And these are movies that don't belong in color and it's too bad. I don't take the you know the fiscal view that the world is falling down and we should crucify Turner but it's an interesting conflict because on the contrary I don't I get more the credit in the world for what he's doing. He first of all he's getting a lot of sponsorship from the police making dough and the guy knew it and he needs dough. I mean CNN is not exactly a barn burner when it comes to profits. So another thing I have a little bit against the TBS network. I don't know how you feel about it but I'm a baseball fan. I love the watch still and a brave game. Yeah and this business of tape I agree with you boy I couldn't agree with you. Because it's the basketball games going forever. Yeah I couldn't agree with you more you know they got to make up their mind what they want to be and of course since he owns the brave's one would think that the first priority would want to see yeah we would be to see all the brave's games live but there's nothing worse than turning over to the meds game and hearing a partial score like in the sixth or seventh inning and then having to turn over and watch a game from the beginning when you know the outcome. Exactly. It's a definitely a bill that was one film you reviewed a couple years ago I couldn't agree with you more and you know I have a video store and I really pushed the film it's one call racing with the moon. Oh yeah another nice movie. I remember your movie we said it. We story your faith and movie make. Yeah yeah it was a real nice movie and the director Richard Benjamin is not done many other films. And it was some classic movie. Yeah okay thanks a lot. He owns a video store on there's there's an I sympathize with. There's one of our pioneers. Mother Target may he do well may he prosper. Sunny Isle hello. Yes I thought I was listening to a movie's critic and all I've been listening to is everything else. May I ask you a question about Bruce Willis. Yes. His last picture. Blind date. Blind date. I love it. So did I. Do you know anything about him? His bio before moonlight? No I don't that unfortunately I don't. I and and I do watch a lot of television but I don't watch the same kind that soundsky and jica and Neil Rogers watch. I don't watch a lot of prime time television and I've only seen moon lighting I think once. Usually I'm out doing something else during you know I may be seeing you. I've never seen that. Oh you never seen moon now. I don't know what makes you think I watch those network shows. I don't know. Is a marvelous reputation everybody likes the show but Willis's popularity I was aware of from the show and had you know I'd seen one and perhaps snippets of others and I just found him delightful and blind date but I don't know where he came from before that no. New York and I'm assuming that he was of a tadid in the extraction. Well your guess is as good as mine because his his video was Bruno about Bruno. But I haven't seen anybody on him at all even people's magazine. Oh I see you're seeing you haven't seen a feature story on him. I'm not sure that I've seen very many either. I haven't seen anything and I'm interested because I like him. I like that the only thing I'm I'm 10 that I even watch. Well I'm not sure whether we've had a profile on him or not. It's possible that he doesn't do many interviews though it seems unlikely most TV people do. I just I don't know. Well I'm up blank. I'm out or maybe I've got a California side out for myself. Okay. Oh keep it up. I want to say my friend or later. My amy hello. Yeah I know. Hi. How are you? Okay. Bill I was wondering one of my favorite actors is Al Pacino. You very really hear much about him. You know what he's doing now. He's not doing anything right now and his career took a kind of unexpected I'll good godfather music. I favor movie too. I unexpected slide. He was one of those New York-based actors who I think actually preferred the stage and he would break every now and then I saw an American Buffalo a couple years ago so he'd done twice. And I think he may have broken once too often that and he made a couple films that really didn't go anywhere. Oh it was a story on that revolution. Revolution I never saw. I understand it was perfectly terrible movie. A big problem with it may have been that it was a was the first big budget film about the American Revolution and I don't know how long it was made by a British director. Right Hudson. And that's something of a problem because I think the perspective they brought to it was odd you know as Al Pacino and Estacia Kinzki in it and she's box office poison and has been for entire career so I believe the film came here and played for a week when I was on vacation once. I never got a chance to see it but I understand it was awful. Yeah the only place you can really get is on a cape. Yeah I wanted to just isn't going to rent it because I'm still curious about it. It's not bad it's not great but it's not bad. I wanted to think any word I heard about godfather 3 is that if you heard anything about that. The last I heard it was off. On the other hand in the last I heard China town 2 was off and I was talking maybe on again one of the things that's going to happen in the wake of the collapse of Ishtar is that there's probably going to be a little more a tourium on big budget production and I mean big huge budget production. There's no question that godfather 3 would be a huge budget kind of thing. Yeah and so everybody's going to be a little scared and a little on hold for a while because Warren Badey and Dustin Hoffman and Elaine May are about to go out and lose tens of millions of dollars and that always frightens people because those are supposed to be box office guarantees. Right Neil one thing I heard you like your face? No. Oh you didn't. I hated scarf. Okay I wasn't sure I thought it was a horrible movie. I thought it was totally without any redeeming value whatsoever. That's true. None. No zero. By one from the same director the untouchables on June 51 Stephen Bauer I mean forget it there was nothing redeeming and that movie at all. You'll like the untouchables because you like him just just for all I thought that was great. That's a nice move and you you you you're about by the fan I'm sure. You bet my favorite I bet you I've seen parts one and two 20 times a piece I've had him on tape and I can watch him every day. Yeah me too. Okay. Hey nice to all you take care. Thanks. Ten minutes before two at WI and Z Bill Cosford is here boy you haven't done anything about four in the film today haven't gotten you've been very you know main stream here to get all marries and complete disarray. Good. That's what we like it this is a great time for American films the summer boom is about the start some of you know we're going to get all those teenage summer Frankie Evelyn and all the people around the table and are coming back that's going to be marvelous. There's a Superman 4 that will be stupid but there's a new James Bond it might be interesting. There's all kinds of stuff coming in touchables have already seen it's good. Solid you know enjoyable movie. Yeah. Yeah here the new James Bond is going to be Dom Deloise. Okay let's do our last break and we'll come back with the Bill Cosford and your calls. Play the ball. 74 2 is WI and Z it's interesting maybe just to coincide in you've had several calls from people in phone booths today like this next call or hello. Oh no hi. Hi good. Great show I hope you have built back again soon. I was just trying to get you a pinion on a particular Woody Allen movie that most people have even heard of and that was called the front. The front very interesting one of his few I mean it has a humor in some moments but essentially it's a drama. Yeah and it was a actually quite a good film about a period of time and it most people have forgotten Hollywood blacklisting and all the rest. I like it a great deal. Unfortunately it was off the Woody Allen track as was in tears with the result that many people you write don't think of it when they think of Woody Allen. Yeah because you know like at the end I think the person when all he was in Jeremiah and everybody else and you know a number of people who were victim of the McCarthy. I write on the screen blacklist blacklist blacklist blacklist blacklist and I thought it was really good. I almost knew of the sword. Yeah I did see it and I would agree with it was an actually probably the only Woody Allen movie I ever liked. I thought it was great. But as some good me don't it. Yeah. Okay thank you and great show. Thank you candle hello. Yeah hello I like to see it's been classified please speaking. Yes um first of all I appreciated your piece about the colorization and while on the subject of colorization I want to talk about decolorization of the Vietnam War movies. I want black veteran and I'm concerned about the absence of the of the role that the infantry blacklist man played in Vietnam and I can't find it not even in the Coppola's apocalypse now I couldn't see it. I didn't see it in the Vietnam tower and in any of the war movies especially to tune and it seemed like the black race has been denigrated when the blacklist was sort of elevated on the front line. At least 20% of the combatants were black but it's some unit to about 40% of the percentage range to great deal higher. Yeah unfortunately the way the movie making these structured today there are very few black directors and there is none I can think of who can summon the kind of budget required to make a warm movie on any sort of scale. You're talking a platoon night costs only $9 million and there were many economies there but that's not a big budget by Hollywood standards but it's big by the standards of a director who doesn't have a proven track record. It's difficult to find a black director who can get that kind of money hence you're getting a perspective of white man who may or not have served and stone Oliver Stone who made platoon I'm sure he knows what it was like but that's he's still ms shaped in large part by his recollections which he was the 25th of the 25th of the division I was a five to that unit in 71 and there was even a black mutiny in that in that outfit and it was a press in the media and I thought maybe he would have bought some of that out you know there was a black white confrontation but not only in the rare echelon but also the front line. It is one of the Vietnam stories it's never been told. I'm not necessarily going to fault stone for not telling it because that's not you know he was essentially wanted to tell the story of his experience and but you're right it's and it's not it's not some small corner of it is it principal part of that experience particularly what was giving going on back here in the States of a rice movement was still you know a very vital thing I am sure that sooner or later someone will deal with that subject Vietnam there's no open season and I want to write a screenplay about my experiences and I'm telling it like it is how feasible is it to get a hearing and Hollywood I mean you know I'm wearing my heavy father and no experience in the film but I'm striking to a credible job doing a movie on the black role of Vietnam. Well how feasible is it to approach Hollywood directly over the transom it's feasible but it's extremely difficult the problem is you will write a script that you know maybe you know it may be perfectly wonderful but the moment you are pedaling a script you're no longer a black man with a good story you're simply one of many people with a script there's a lot of people out there pedaling them there are there are some options you might consider locally however if you write the script and you have any confidence in it at all you could enter it in this Florida governor's screenwriting contest because although that's no guarantee of anything it suddenly calls the script the attention of people who can get them made I know some people who did this they won the contest the script is in the hand of hands of producers now they're a lot of you in the world and you can more information on the I can sure well yeah excellent okay we're at the end of the line what is things zipped by did I can't believe it yeah I have to do a public service and do two more hours but we won't do that I should have come earlier excellent show thank you was always your gentleman a scholar even if you do work for the hero and I do work for the hero and we as of didn't have any misoads stuff today was incredible we've really I told you we would reform you sooner or later we brought you back in the real world with real living people I am reformed now I told you I were now studentism the last excellent and tomorrow he's can't really his subscription to the hero in incredible okay that's good at it we thank bill costford for being with us tomorrow we have um let's see congressman Larry Smith will be with us for half an hour eleven o'clock and the right now we invite you to stay tuned Daphim a column is gonna be long the history of white people in south