with people in Halendell. I don't know how else or I'd have to go into a whole dissertation and I'm getting very nervous. So in other words, you think the city's got some problems, right? What any other city in San Florida this crime? There are hookers out in front of the federal highway right up the street. They're probably in fact some of the guys might want to check that out on their way on a here. We've even even got a little protection for them. We're still making sure before they leave. I mean Halendell needs to start promoting safe sex too, right? Sonny of course, Sonny is in another world over there. He forgot what that means. We've got people, J. Walker is getting killed walking across Halendell. Beech full of art now. How is it? I mean we're glad to be out here today. We're all having a good time. But how is it that the city commission has got to time with all the problems that you're upset about to make a resolution to try to get me off the year? How do they have the time to do that? We've got all the politicians managed to see the party opportunity, right? Go ahead, ma'am. You're on a roll. Let it all out. I would like to clarify. I'm sorry. I would like to clarify one thing to you, Neil. All of Halendell does not consist of diplomat mole and Halendell Beach full of art. And there are some people who have the have mentalities that are able to understand a lot of deepness and they put you understand that people who live west of here especially west of the railroad tracks. The city commission isn't interested in them. You do understand that. That's why I'm taught that's what I'm talking about. That's exactly what I'm trying to talk about. I'm trying to spread. Okay, let me give you a chance. Would you like to have a chance to win something? I think that's because he's been such a good sport. I'd like to give you a good trivia question. And I will give you an opportunity to win a wins wonder mug full of sweet and low. A fork and spoon from a reputable Halendell bagel restaurant and some certificates compliments of the diplomat mole. Would you like to try to win it, ma'am? Well, I don't have. Okay. Okay. Here's the question. There are 15 of these located along Halendell. There are 15 of these on Halendell Beach Boulevard. Are they dry cleaners, bagel restaurants or banks? Banks is the answer. This is Lady Winsow, Wonder mug of sweet and low, a fork and spoon from a Halendell bagel restaurant and certificates compliments of the diplomat mole. How do you like that? This is a high budget show today here. Greg, we're not munching around. Now we're saving that for one of the politicians a little bit later on in the show. Okay. Let's get back to where we left off with Greg. Thank you very much, man. I see if it was worth while coming out now. Look at the way we turned her around. If you politicians could just do that and please some of the people look at the way we've got a smile on her face. She's peaming. She's taking something home out of here today. She's having a good time, right? Wait a minute. Okay. Anybody that's got questions will we're here to we're here to serve. Go ahead, man. I would like to ask all the commissioners who are present right now. Excuse me. I live in a Southwest section. They put a sewer in over there and on the way over here today. All the streets are flooded. I need a rowboat, hit boost. The whole balleruk. They keep saying it's going to be fixed. It's never fixed each time it rains. It's worth. Not color once to keep going at it and going at it and they keep telling him he doesn't know what he's talking about. He's one of the most intelligent man. I know. Bonnie is a very intelligent person. He's so busy putting himself down. He's the only commissioner I know that comes to a meeting. So well prepared that when they bring up something, honey has it there. He goes no and he hits it on the head. But what I would like to know is when Vio is going to correct to all of the problems in the Southwest section. I would like to know when the flooding goes away. I would like to know when RJ the city manager moved into Halendale because he lives in Miramar. But he's supposed to live in Halendale. How can he do anything for us when he's far has Miramar? I'm not sure to get all of them both taken yet. Well as you can hear in a background the obvious popularity of the politicians here in the city of Halendale is overwhelming. Mr. Mr. Intendale is going to be on with us starting at noon and you can be sure that we'll have a answer all of the questions. I think the answer to your last question is that Halendale doesn't allow Hillbillies to live in a city limit. So Mr. Intendale has to live in Miramar. I'm surprised they let me live here because I'm only 49 years old and I'm the youngest of 12. I'm out of Catholic and it wasn't an accident and I love every minute out. Don't say it too loud. Sonny's right behind you. I know it's sunny. sunny and I have go around all the time but I had it like it is. They should take and get out and do what they say. Not say it and then go in the back room and have a donut. Okay thank you man. This gentleman right here. Oh, I thought the one in the hole. Neil, I've lived in Halendale for 15 years. I love the city very much. I don't have any complaints except two items that are a boner contention. After all this time I like to get it off my chest. Number one the traffic lights on. US want to handle their beach full of art even at six in the morning. It drives me crazy. You have to wait sometimes five or six minutes until they're timing device changes. Another thing that I haven't mind is that mailman track for 15 years. I've been arguing whether they should buy it, whether they shouldn't buy it on a beach. I say let's buy it and let's expand the beach before more condominiums are put up. I have nothing against condominiums but let's weave a little land for the people. Thank you very much. Okay thank you question. Okay I see a hand in the middle of the crown back here. Yes sir. Is this supposed to be fun or is it a council meeting? We're talking issues here that if they're important go to your council. Go to your commissioners. Good point. Good point. Yeah, we're supposed to be here having a good time today but but it is interesting only from the standpoint that we're discovering that there are a lot of problems in this community that the politicians haven't taken care of and it's really interesting to me that just before an election the politicians some of them in particular looking to grab a little bit of public support and to show to people how much they're the warriors behind the city of Halendale. Seas upon a radio talk host and we want to boycott the sponsors and get them off the air when they have all of these other monumental problems that have people up at arms in this community as you said the streets are flooded here in Halendale after the All Night reign. There are dozens of legitimate problems in this community and instead of being jokers and clowns believe the clowning to crazy Greg over here with this frog on a head and the whole but he's made a career out of that. He makes his living that way but you folks who were supposed to be the politicians taking care of the problems in this community that's what you ought to be attending to and let us have the fun and little laugh and a little bit of humor in fact maybe I ought to work for the Chamber of Commerce in Halendale. Leo you have worked with a Chamber of Commerce as we've got people here every age from 15 to 150 we've got a mixed crowd of people from all over. A lot of them came from outside of the city and that's what it's all about. This community doesn't need to be some kind of a closed fraternity for just a small group of special people who want to run everything and want everything catered to them. This community needs to be a place for everybody. As a matter of fact with a help of people like Greg we can actually get people onto the age of 100 in this community. We're trying. We're trying. Okay let's take another brief commercial time out. When we come back we've got some little musical tidbits back in the station that we might drop in here here in there. It's 1036 at WI and Z we're live at the Diplomat Mall and we'll be right back. Okay we are back at 1039 at WI and Z we're live at the Diplomat Mall. We got a lot of prizes to give away today too as a matter of fact some of the most exciting gifts in Halendale salt and pepper shakers and the sweet and low probably some of the restaurants are going to thank us for what we're doing here today. We also have some surprise visitors some guests we're going to be stopping by. We have the poet-free lady and I notice even my mother is over here today and I guess everybody in the audience you know some of these in temperate things that have been said first of all it's a fact against me and against my mother and so on my mother first of all doesn't eat early birds and she is here to testify for it right over here. I think we ought to have a round of applause for my mother. Who came by the way all away from Halendale salt. So that shows you a loyal day. She came all away from beautiful Halendale salt. Okay let's you want it okay bring her up on here people want to meet my mother. Just a score to wrap here on a stage. I don't want to put her on here because she might be too good but the audience are likely to get a chance to meet my mother who does not eat early birds and does not push people out of the way and is a lovely lady and I almost want to say I learned it all from my mother but then of course some of the politicians here get upset about that and started tracking her. There she comes. See I told you if you stuck with me long enough you can be okay. Okay I told you if you stuck with me long enough I'd make your celebrity. That's enough get her out of here already. Okay let's we got some other people in the audience who want to participate in our Trivia contest want to win some prizes here this morning. Where did Mark go did he disappear? We need to get some of the other people what he's the Trivia questions. I think while we're waiting to find a volunteer if Kyle is listening back at the station probably what we ought to do is prank up a little musical tidbit because all of this started you know for about two months ago we started talking about early bird dinners on a show and everybody got into the act and they started talking about different kinds of behavior and stealing the silverware and the sweeten low and putting the table cloth and it turned into quite a riotous time and then the people at superstar creations who make the Miami Vice Jackets came along and they made me a jacket which I wish we were on television but the people here can see it it's my Helen Dale vice jacket and it's got a little picture of puppernics and early bird dinners on it and so on and they also came up with a little bit called Helen Dale vice and we played it on the year and it caught on it became number one on a hit parade immediately and we would have thought that the people in Helen Dale the politicians would have really enjoyed it and got a great time with it but as it turned out they got a little bit upset about it so maybe we ought to play it Kyle and let people in Helen Dale really hear what put them on the map here it is. There to Miami cops with a hot tubience there are the streets fighting cry. They pop at the hand again face there. We get a problem the great game is a true trick. Lieutenant and that's a group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird's special after seven. Let's go get them. They laid and you can't cross the area you'll have to cross the line. They're determined to clean up the scum. Alright to steer your under a rat. Oh so now you're arresting my wife what's the chance. There's an abounder. I'm going to first have a look at that white stuff and just a thought. She's got over under bags in here. Oh for it. Weet and low from that restaurant she came out of. Let's take a minute. Here's their camera in Miami cops run on hot movies here. Eleanor Vise. Revealing this fall on MBC. Okay I'd like you to meet the gentleman who is responsible he's very he's one of those people likes to be in a background and he's very a reluctant guest on the show here this morning. The barland Bailey from superstar creations and a created Helen Dale Vise. See I told you I'd make all you guys stars you didn't believe me. I mean Don Johnson couldn't do it so I guess I got to try to do it. How did this all how where did this come from this Helen Dale Vise. You were the fellas of mate you make the Miami Vise jacket. Right and all of a sudden you walked in the studio one morning and you would put this together for me where did the idea come from just from hearing the conversation about the talk about it on the show. Cause we listen to it pretty much all the time unbelievable. And it's all done in the spirit of fun right? That's all just like let's move a parody that's all. It's a couple of with this thing I think I don't know if it's okay. We're not gonna let you say too much anyway you might be too good. We don't want you to muscle in on the act. But I just wanted to bring you up here and let people know that you were in fact maybe when you get up you can hold this up and let everybody see it. The most beautiful thing I ever saw in my life. And they've also created another record which we're gonna hear later. And I should have brought it along with me they give me a beautiful gold record for yesterday. We made it the number one on our hit parade. W-I-N-C called Wasting Away in Good All Hall and Dale which has become a whole classic in soft lord. In really a sensational. We appreciate all your publicity. Okay Marlon thank you very much. Maybe we want to hold this up for the crown who couldn't see it before. Okay let's give away some of these. Also I see crazy Greg is handing out something. You want to see what those are. I don't want to get into a lot of trouble. I know the way you talk about things these stolen things do Mr. We missed things from our place. Don't do that. I just wanted to throw this in real quick. We get things missing from our place too. Somebody took a bartender the other day. I wish they'd please bring them back. Definitely we're missing a bartender. Somebody did steal it right out front of everybody's nose at the butt of the south. But what are you looking for? Are you kidding me? I don't want to hear it. Throw those out. Throw them out. Don't even joke about that. Marlon Bailey's holding up my jacket. Griding to throw it out of the crown. That'll be the day. You want to see a riot deal. Crazy Greg is about to use brought in. Thank you. Thank you Marlon. He's brought in the package of hundreds of beautiful multi-coder delays. Before we came on the air this morning, he said that this would be a first for many of the people in the hall and they all delays that he is handing out here. I'll let you interpret that in any way you like. So the people who are close are going to go away with something here in hall and they are listening to this morning. Let's try to get a little order here and go back to our trivia if we can. This is almost as good as handing out the wind's wondermugs I want to know. This is turning into a repeat of that. Who would like the next prize we've got salt and pepper shakers for a reputable hall and Dale restaurant. An assorted collection of colorful hall and Dale postcards. And gift certificates, compliments of the diplomat mall. Who'd like to try it? Trivia question. Okay, nine minutes before 11 at WI and Z. I'm the arranges. We're doing our whole show today at the diplomat mall in Helen Dale. And Marlon Bailey is about to take his life in his hands here. I'm glad we're not on television because we may not want to show what's going to happen here on television. Marlon has one of his Miami Vice-Jack. It said he's about to throw up for grabs into the crowd. He asked me if I wanted to do it and I'm not that crazy. I'll tell you that. There's no chance. So I think what you ought to do is take a couple of steps up over here and just out in that general direction over there. Just give it a good heave. Just do your best. Jim Palmer imitation. And we'll see who winds up with a Miami Vice-Jack. Which we had television for this? No, no, go ahead Marlon. We'll protect you. There it goes. Way back into the crowd. And you see what a well behaved crowd is. They would have caused a riot. If we would have done that in an early bird restaurant, that would have caused a riot. And here at the diplomat, what is this lady all exercised about? But let's get before we get our poetry lady on. Let's get this lady on the ear down here with a blue lay. What is she all excited about? She is so exercised. She's she's making foaming at the mouth into a literal meaning here. What do you all upset about, man? I love it. I'm enjoying it. I've got the ball at Nail. I've been deep three. I've been never took a sugar fight like hell. I've got to lay at my age and it did cost me nothing. We told you we do something for you here today, didn't we? Trust me. I'm like, can't hear the wind call. Okay, now we have another special guest on the stage. Will you tell us your lady that called me the other day? I need a microphone. You're talking into one. We hear you fine. It's magic. Right there, it's by the side of your mouth, man. Do I talk now? You talk right now. This is our poetry lady who called any other day. I need a space for you. And I live in Helendale. I have reached the golden age of three, four and ten. My hobbies are writing and public speaking, and I volunteer my services to many organizations, which I find most rewarding. I've studied the science of get-and-tology and the various issues on aging. I consider new Roger, a most articulate and dynamic personality. I call my poem with them, with them. A good name everyone given to walk on to this, it must be earned. She's not the crama-later through years that mount, but you're achievement during those years that count. For age is a quality of the mind, and if you've left your dreams behind, if all your hopes are cold, well then you will feel old. But if for life you have a thing, and from life you seek the best. Take advantage of all the honey, and enjoy spending your children's money, if love you will never feel old. He'd are few lines which are very interested, so to maintain good health. So to me. Go ahead, Phe, don't let him get to it. Keep on your honor roll. What else? In late again, follow sensible programs of diets, exercise, rest and relaxation, and listen to the professional who know how to help you make your golden years really golden. Thanks. Let's hear it for a break. Come on now. Let's, thank you very much. I would like to say that mother's program. May I say that mother's home? No. That was it, I'll say. Trust me. Quit while you're ahead. You really hit it on a peak there, and I think that was a good time to fold it up and pack it in. Okay, that's face, your parole, and I think she deserves a lot of, you save it for me, all are read it on your, on Monday, trust me, Phe. Okay, listen, worth the end. Just about at the end of the first hour, we got our first little confrontation going on here. I'm telling you, this woman with the blue lay, trust me. I don't let her touch your balloon, believe me. They're getting a little bit restless, so I think what we're going to have to do is take a little bit. I don't believe it. I really don't. These are coming to ones we're talking about. Right, she must have been one of the women at drug world that I saw back and out when I drove in here this morning. Anyway, we're going to take a pause. We have a news break coming up, and then we'll come back for hour number two. We have several more privacy. And if you get a chance to come on by, we have another two hours to go. And the best is get to come because the city manager, good old RJ Intendolers going to be coming by in the new hour. He's going to be pit, mostly picking, and maybe grin in a little bit in the beginning. And the Greg was just telling me that what you see is what you get. This is a real old company boy. It really is, but I want to see, Neil, you're going to be very surprised with RJ. You're definitely going to be surprised. RJ is going to show you a side that you have a scene. And you just have to ask me to cry, no, that's what I say. You just ask some of those questions. Who are your K&Es that I think you're going to have a ball with RJ? You're going to have a great time. He might even shake my hand too, huh? I just, funny Rosenberg wouldn't shake my hand this morning. Is that incredible? Well, that is incredible. I was just destroyed. I think he was a little afraid because his constituents are all standing out here and he's afraid of the boats that are coming up. But the city is, you know, I mean, they're looking forward to progressing and getting young free from it. But this has been phenomenal this afternoon. I was just morning. It's just been unbelievable. These people are great. It shows you that the tongue and cheek that they know it is or have been a great time. They know you put them on the batpan hall and Dale. And also, it's only one or two of the people who don't understand, oh, what is all this going to be? But all of us down. It's only one or two. It's not the hundreds that are out here. It's not the hundreds. Neil, you're done a great job. Fantastic. And by the way, speaking younger people, you know all the life cards up and down the beach, including Fort Lauderdale. There isn't one that doesn't listen to you every day. Great. Not one. We always do the hand good things. And speaking of life cards and other kind of girls, we want to thank Helen Dale's finest for being out here today. They've done a great job. And I think even more of them showed up than we had the range for. And proving that not all officers are pigs, right? That's not all. It's literally right. There's a great people at how the effect is. The force is a young force. It definitely is a young police force. Well, you know, we stop and think about it. That opens up a possibility for maybe a little take over here. A little bloodless coup in Helen Dale. We get together with some of the right people in the police department. We might arrange for a little something. So we don't want to get you involved in any of that. You know, I don't want to put you on this spot. Good. That's good. I'm glad you're doing it. I really, I did. I did. You know, as I mentioned that he turned a hearing aid. As soon as I mentioned something that would get him in a little trouble. We don't, uh, I got to hear you through those features. Okay. That's, see, was here and be fine until I got to comment about the takeover. So what do you make of all of this, Mr. Spendell? This is outstanding as I said when I first sat down. The interesting thing about it is, you know, you were talking about how Helen Dale you want to give it back to Dave County at one time in Helen Dale's history. And any of the history folks out there, Helen Dale was part of Dave County. And in what is considered the deal. Since a milk tap is one to the fault of our oil, the bright Robinson. We, Howard County has now has Helen Dale. And there was a certain part up until about five years ago that I think was still in Dave. But, uh, Howard County, I lived here. I liked the area. Uh, yeah. But I split here before years as I said prior to the building of Pumpernick. So most of you know how long ago that was. And I have seen the city grow and I've seen it developed. And it is a city that I think has need of finding its identity. And I think today it's going to find its identity. Not only the city of choice, but a city with a sense of humor. All right. Like, like, well, it's building a little sense of humor. They changed the name of the city. If you notice the new size would up yesterday, they have, I mean, that's not a joke. They take in the city of choice down. The home of the Florida Derby. I thought it was the home of the Florida Derby. I thought it was Mr. Rogers, David. Well, they've tried to run up her mayor, you know. I'm working on it. I'm going to move right in over on the ocean. So Neil, who's taking over for you at 12 o'clock when you go over to the track? That's it. That's the next one. Is that an offer? I'll do it. Is that an offer? You can make the first race. Absolutely. Okay. Sounds good to me. Although I think R.G. would be a little disappointed. We don't want to let him down. Okay, let's give away a couple more of these, because we've got all of this, which we'll never be able to give all away. Am I eligible to it? No. In fact, I'll let you give some of them away. Okay. We're desperate to get rid of this stuff. I over there that's falling in his mouth, Laurie, over there, right there. Okay. It's our treat. I heard a little earlier. That's great. Okay. All right, sir. You're ready. True. Okay. I've hit on the water tower on Hallendell Beach, on the word. City of Hallendell, this space for a paladale beach, a thousand of you. Choice A. City of Hallendell. Yeah. That is correct, ladies and gentlemen. And you win a wins Wondermuck full of sweet low. Oh, Wondermuck! And a sorted collection of wins Art Deco pens. autographed by Barbara Cavalry. We say that. Oh, yeah. Barbara's sensitive. Give certificate to Diplonette Moore. All right, thank you. Thank you. Okay. Let's take a little time out now. It's 1152 at WI and Z. We're live at Diplonette Moore in prestigious Hallendell. Put a lid on her. Will you please do something? Will there give her some give her some doggy downers or something? Please. Okay. It's 1155 at WI and Z. We are live at the Diplonette. We're going to say goodbye to Crazy Greg in just a second. But is this lady, can we do it briefly? Yes. There's Lori got that lady over there who had something profound to tell us. Ladies and gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm a visitor to York community. For several months. And I have nothing. Nothing positive to say about this program. I get shut it off after a while. I think this gentleman has said the most negative things that I've ever heard. I have. If you'll let me hear ear, I'd be pleased. I've heard nothing positive about the elderly. We'll package bundles and supermarkets. We'll work as waitresses to make a living. We'll creep and crawl with pains and other accrucments for the elderly. I've heard nothing what to do to help them make a life for themselves. I'm highly and ignorant. I don't live here permanently. But I found this community no difference than any community in the whole world. I don't need your help. All I'm saying is I think it's grateful that this man is doing so much for himself and grand and I'm a guy. For the bottom of somewhere. Thank you so much, man. We're just delighted. We hope she had a wonderful time. And now it's time for her to go back where she came from. Okay, Greg, we only got about a minute. Well, I want to say it all deal. This has been great. There's only been one or two people that are against this. But this has been super for Helen Dale. Except for the one lady I closed at 6 o'clock in the morning because Helen Dale for tourists is the only place in Broward County, open to 6 AM. But I think this lady over here got in a little early. But anyway, thank you very much. Thank you for Helen Dale. And I think the next hour with the IRG in the doll is going to be super. And thanks for everything, Neil. Thank you, Greg. And we're delighted to hear part of Helen Dale. Okay, we've also got some sunsweet prunes for the lady who just left before she leaves the mall. Okay, when we come back, we have not only is our drink going to show up, but they remix that the sun shine cut-free band song so that you can understand the lyrics. And we promised we would play that on the air, which we will do. And we'll come back at about the 6 minutes after the hour. What is, what have we got going on back here? We're going to come in, Jan. We'll miss the rinse and doll. And it's got his fan club here and here he comes. All the Helen Dale hillbillies are here. So it ought to be quite a third hour. And we'll come back at about 6 minutes. Rushing through Rush Hour, then count on a flammat ball. And Helen Dale Florida. Number UIMC present, the Neil Roger show. If you'd like to talk to Neil today, don't call. But do come to the diplomat mall on Helen Dale Beach Boulevard between Route 1 and A1A. And now, here's Mr. Helen Dale himself. Neil Roger. Okay, it's 12.6 at the WI and Z worth the diplomat mall. We had a great turnout. We think everybody who has come by in a moment. We're going to talk to Argyndt and Dola. It was the illustrious city manager, Helen Dale, who came in with a very grandiose parade into the mall. Just want you to know that one of our folks in the crowd, we've even made it in Maine. I know that our corporate people will be happy about that. We made it all the way to Bangor Maine, Bangor Daily News. The front page, talk to your host, fits prunes against the uphears. It says in the Bangor Daily News. So it made it all the way to Maine. And before we get with Mr. Intendola Ron Aaron, some of the Howard County Young Democrats is here. And this is not a setup job, but you just have to combine this point. And what is it that we can do for you, Ron? Definitely, Neil. You know, before all this thing started with Holland Dale, we had voted in Brewer County. The Young Democrats in Brewer County. We had 150 strong young people under the age of 40, had voted you him man, tearing it to the ear. And what I'd like to do today is present you with a couple of tickets for our dinner March 27th. And we're looking forward to seeing you. Thank you very much. And also to the deal, we want to bring you a little souvenir of some of the things that we've been doing of Brewer County. Excellent. And to describe these for the audience, it says it's a bumper sticker that says just when you thought it was safe to be a Republican. And it's got the donkey kicking its rear legs up on the other side. And we should have had this earlier for the gentleman who was all upset that Reagan apologists who was here any audience. Hey, there was traffic on I-95. It took time to get here, Neil. Okay, thank you very much, Ron. I'm going to put you in. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay, now also before we get to our J, who came in as I said with a glorious cavalcade of stars in the front of the civil event mall. We promised that we would place something on the air that we were given yesterday. Mr. Intendola is a member of the Sunshine Band. And a couple of weeks ago when this whole thing started with Helen Dale Vise. Mr. Intendola and his band recorded something called the song of Helen Dale. And the initial copy that well, you're never, nobody's ever been to hear any of us unless we get folks to climb down a little bit. If everybody would stop talking, you'd hear us just fine. And if you're all going to continue to talk, then the people on the radio will hear us just fine. But even Mr. Intendola isn't going to hear us. So if we can have a little bit of quiet and respect for the fact that we're doing a radio broadcast, we'd appreciate it. Anyway, the song of Helen Dale, the original copy that we got was somewhat muffled by guests. And there was some controversy as to why it wasn't intelligible and why it wasn't. And Mr. Intendola was good enough he and his folks to remix it for us so that we could hear the, the lyrics on it. So Kyle, if you've got that and hopefully people will be able to understand the lyrics. We'll roll it right now. They told me you're right song about the man who moved to the crowd about his life just to hear too. Couldn't think of any words, don't you know until one day I heard his radio show, he was talking about. He said people are too old and sick, early bird special also would be, do you work at the least until 10 a.m. But he don't know that there's an everyday old keep up and out. They'll like who you've now to do. People make this dream a dream to be so good. Now you can come to the no one is for, but they need to something. It's simply a pain and just a pain when you only have it when you die. This is our song of the day. It's the place dreams are made of, home of the canning bed. Life's many pressures can be always found there. You can walk down the teaching to us the sunrise over the sea, chicken the ground, so each of the stars at the Florida do. Though primates find a second job, the American spirit he stands to go. The poor news wondering if the outhouse game is real. Don't you know anything we've got to solve. They give us three days to be out through them all. We hope these words will end in the future. Great day doesn't fall out in the old junk farm. This is our song of the day. We hope you enjoy this song. Okay there it is. That's the song of Helen Dale in the city manager Mr. Intendola is here. And we thank you for remixing that so we could understand lyrics and it was a masterful job. And what can I say but welcome to WINZ. Well appreciate being here. Appreciate you giving us the opportunity to respond to you. So far your show has been as typically as contrived and you let people speak and go on and continue. Being during the break that several people wanted to know when Gulf Stream opened. And post time I said is 115 and I had dug done on the show for two hours yesterday. I heard that show or not. I did and we talked about what a fine facility Gulf Stream is and what a great meeting they're coming up. And it seems to me that Gulf Stream is in Helen Dale. Last time I looked right. So it was the Hollywood Dog Jack. And we heard about that. I wasn't aware of that but we all learned we're all open to learn new things which is why we're here today. But you know I love Gulf Stream and a lot of the people here love Gulf Stream. So that's another thing that we promoted very positively about Helen Dale. Would you agree? Yeah. That would. Okay. Now where were we when I'm sorry I'm sure you can choose with all the technical shenanigans here. But when are you got me all lightened up there and you mean that's it? No it's not okay. No because when you came in you appeared to be you know I thought you were serious I thought because I know Sunny back there is serious he wouldn't shake my hand these very angry. I switched back and forth. It's like commission meetings. Okay. That's kind of like a Steve Clark routine in other words. Exactly. So I won't admit it and then I'm good. Exactly. So in other words depending on which chair you're sitting and we can tell what you're looking for. What you're looking for. I'm going to make a microphone in front of me instead of that head set. Okay. So I never could do well in the studio. They had that darn headset on you and then they tell you to play piano on guitar. I know. Why heard that first to cut believe me. I know what you're talking about. But but I'm glad you mentioned Gulf Stream. Yes. I'm glad you mentioned Gulf Stream because Helen Dale for a city of 40,000. So it's the home of the world classic, which is tonight for the dogs. It does have the it's the home of the Florida Derby Gulf Stream Park. Broward County Fair which brings in almost 700,000 people. What are the small community in Broward and Dave County has those type of events that occur within it. It is the financial capital of the South. There are more banks and square mile in a mile on how it will be. So it has some unusual characteristics and those are the ones that the. I think we should also point out. Okay. Those are the point. Well, wait a minute. Which only, you know, like three minutes since we came back on after the break. Is that it? I'm having trouble again hearing. But what you say? I say is that it as far as all the good points are Helen. They we got a lot of banks. We know we have Gulf Stream, which is a beautiful track. Now, the thing about Holly would I'm a little concerned about that. Why is it if the dog track is in Helen Dale, they call it Holly would dog track. I don't know you'd have to ask them that. Are they ashamed to be in Helen Dale? I'm not going to answer the question. No, no, but does it, I mean, for example, Papino is in Papino Beach and they call it Papino Park. And and and do you want a Gulf Stream to change the race track to a Helen Dale race track? No, no, but at least they don't call it the North Miami Beach downs or something like that. I mean, they don't deny that they're in it. They don't pick the name of another city. For example, if the Detroit race course called itself Lansing downs, people would say, Jesus, they must be embarrassed to be in Detroit. I'm saying a little trouble hearing you, sorry. Okay. I'm hearing the echo out there more than I am you directly. Okay, we're did our chief engineer expire on us or what? I think, uh, it's more easy. He's on his hands and his knees. That's not unusual. Okay. He needs, I think what he needs is to have that monitor turned up a little bit that little radio set. They're turned up so you can hear something. It's what you need. I got it now. Okay. See up in a business a long time. I'm into this high tech stuff like little transistor radios. Well, is that basically it? I mean, you know, when I first, when you first sat down there, I thought there was all of this hostility. We've done you folks dirty and, uh, you know, I'm reading that you want to get me off the air and one of your commissioners is, uh, signing, sending petitions around to get my sponsors to boycott the show. And now I get the feeling like in ten minutes, that's it. No, uh, I don't know if any commissioner trying to boycott your show, sending around petition, uh, petitions. The city is not sponsoring anything. Uh, uh, these are grabs roots movements occurring in the community. Well, gee, that was, you know, the city commission did a resolution. Um, and that has been the city. What are the resolutions say? You know, what did it say? I don't know, you know, you can paraphrase. I don't need a word for war, but I mean, in essence, what did it say? That the type of language and derogatory and planatory comments made about, uh, citizens of Hellendale, um, was not in good taste. And, uh, that would be stopped. Any, any word of boycotting or anything else? It's not in the resolution. Well, gee, maybe now I know why you don't read the Hellendale, because what they wrote in there must have it at least fiction. And by the way, I was listening to a tape of yours. You had the day where, did that, somebody was reading the digest. I did not read that particular article, but they had the, the last two paragraphs they read. Do you, I never said, um, it was like a ending editorial. Uh, I feel about the digest the way you do about the Miami-Hero. Um, all of a sudden they're pro-city, um, in the last three or four weeks, maybe it's fashionable for them. Uh, but, um, but I think you have to agree. This is an unusual community. You never had. Yeah, we agree with that. You never had a, uh, a response like this, uh, from the other, um, organizations, municipalities, agencies that you've attacked. Well, no, we never had a response quite like this. We've had a response, for example, Miami Beach, uh, we've been battling back and forth with for years. My friend, uh, I call him Captain Blue Skye, Bruce Singer over there on the beach. The vice, bring out all the propaganda and tell us how the beach is coming back. And about all the young people who were coming to spring break on the beach. And, you know, over the years, I've thought a lot of what he's been saying is blue sky. And I tell him that, and we have kind of a fun relationship. And I play the music blue skies in a background. And the beach doesn't take up resolutions to try to intimidate me or silence me or, uh, to show that they're thin-skinned or they don't have a sense of humor. Well, nobody thinks that I've never heard anybody say that. They couldn't intimidate you. I've never heard anybody say I've heard stories on other programs on your station where they say you're not going to beat him. I've never heard anybody say they were going to beat you. I don't think anybody believes they're going to beat you. Um, but they have a right. These grassroots movements have a right to attack back. Uh, you know, the city doesn't thrive on your show each day. We have some employees that will listen to it. They laugh about it. Uh, when I knew I was coming on the air, I taped it. You know, we have a, I said 30 million dollar organization. I'm going to spend 100 employees. You have a cassette record. Uh, that's right. Good. And take the show and I take it home, uh, at night and sometimes listen to it. Uh, so you're, you think the city's heavily involved in this whole thing, the city government. It's not. Um, we're sitting back laughing. And I think we have a commission that, uh, generally, uh, laughs about it. Now the resolution was a response to the community. You have said a lot of people. Um, well, where are they? Where are they? Where are all, wait a minute. Let's, let's, let's find out. We still have, we have a very large number of people out here today. All right. If the things that I have said over the past two months about Helen, they'll have upset you. Let's hear it. Yeah. Okay. If the things that I've said about Helen Dale have an upset you and you've gotten a kick out of it like here. Where'd you do that? What'd you do? What'd you do? Hand out half dollars or something. Now we'll, we don't buy the audience. We can't afford it. We're a low budget operation. What'd you do? Hand out half dollars or what? I usually see what we're handing out. Sweet and low out here. If that's what buys him in Helen Dale. You mean, come on. Get serious. So we're all of these people. I mean, we come out here at a spirit of fun. We've been running the promos. It's been in all of news papers. You have the party. And we, huh? You've had fun here. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're. Good. And we've invited all of people who disagree. All of these people who are, matter than Helen Mr. Rosenberg says their matters. Hell, we're not going to take it anymore. They want them off the air. Well, ever. Can't, can't that be done? I'm too early for the early bird. Yeah. You can't get up, he said, in tongue and cheek. Uh. Just like everything you say, he said in tongue and cheek. Okay. So I want the audience to pay particular notes. It's called 34 on a Saturday. This is March the 7th, 1987. And this is a this kind of like an unofficial proclamation. In other words, you're advancing up now, that all of this response by the city has been tongue-in-chief. I'm not going to go there for all. I didn't say all of it's been tongue-in. Most of it. Most of it. Yeah. Okay. Now, saying that you were at the personality of older seven, to worship them the one was tongue-in-chief. It's just a channel seven. I think it's biggest five of them. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Channel seven cut that part. That wasn't talking about you're in that. I mean, I was talking about your personality. They cut the first part of that sentence off. But that's what they wanted you to hear. They took me a little while to figure out what was going on. You're in the business for a night. So once we figured out what the program was about and everything, I think it settled down. I laugh at your comments when you make them. It's bothered me a little bit. I can't go out anywhere. But what is this now? Somebody has got a ghetto blaster here. I have no idea what that is. Okay, we've got all kinds. We've got like 15 shows going on here at the same time. We've got a tapy wants me to play. No, chain. We can't do it in here. We can't, no. We can't air mail it back to the studio. Okay, let's, I beg you pardon. See, they're getting a little bit restless now. This early bird thing affects their mind after a little while. They've heard it so often that everything it comes out of the mouth is early bird. When I got here this morning at 830, you know, the show started at 10. There was a whole crowd of people every day, 30. They were the early birds who arrived here. Oh, those are the early worms. Is that it? Okay. Well, it's 1237 and when's that's taking other commercial break? And when we come back, let's get the audience involved with Mr. Rintendola. And they seem to be prepared. We're going to try to keep it on a nice friendly level. We'll be back from the diplomat Mall after this. 1240, the diplomat Mall, the O'Range is with you until two here on WI and C, city manager, Argy and Tendola. Here, man, I'm telling you, you've got a chance to wear every piece of equipment so far that we've got in the library. Are you doing this to me intentionally? Listen, Neil, if we could, one of the, one of Halandale's major attributes is our number one state high school basketball team, right? Who placed tonight in semi finals and they're here, is there any way we could have coach Samuel's come up here? I don't know, can you hear me? Coach Sambo's out there? I think he's shooting back. Yeah, he gets back in the back of the mall somewhere. About a coach Samuel. He's moving on up to the madening strong, where is it? Where is the hell under a basketball team? I think he was hijacked. I think he had a pack of sweet and low in his pocket. He was hijacked on a way up here. Is he coming? He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. But we wish him the best along. The basketball team plays Eli at the night. And... One of your super stars is back here. Our J, maybe you'd like to... chat with him for a second. This is Steve Steve. From the Halandale High basketball team, as you know, this is the number one basketball team at this time in the state of Florida. Congratulations. Glad you came by to show off some of the cities made your attributes. You could have to be here anyway. I got a lot of teammates here. Usually we have an announcement in notice, but we got here. Coach Coach here because we got a tennis match here. But we're here to be here. Thank you. We'd like to wish the luck and that again, see you, Eli. Excellent. Very good. Before we go out and get some of the people in the crowd, because I know that they've got some questions and want to get in on the act too. One of our account executives wanted me to ask you a question. This goes back to what you said about all of this being in tongue and cheek. And of course I joked about having Halandale disbanded and about circulating petitions to recall a commission. But of course that was all a joke and we never had any intention of doing it. But it seems to me that some of the more inflammatory comments or maybe they were misquotes in a Halandale digest inspired some of your residents to do some rather unscivilized, things for example. There were certain sponsors of mine. I don't want to mention them specifically. But I received a lot of harassing and very unruly phone calls. And it seems to me that some of that, at least, came about as a result of the, at least outwardly, in temperate reaction to what we were doing. It may have. But here again, the city government itself has refused to participate with these groups. We're not saying that we may not feel a sufficiently disagree or disagree with them. But there has been some very lively people in the community. Your favorite pal in the world was here, Gene Stevens. You know, it's a, this is a lively place. And are you telling me that Mr. Stevens, as I've suspected, might be behind much of this? Do you have a reason to believe that? Well, I've talked with him a few times. But, uh, I'm sure you know him well. No, I don't know him well. I know him well enough, but I don't know him well. Or do I not know him well? You're going on your show. Many years ago, yeah. Well, you appeared in a long way. You talk about him often. I heard the other day his mother called your show, somebody told me. Or you always pretend it's not to be his mother, you know? But so how and they only have someone, uh, the usual characters in it, um, not that Mr. Stevens is unusual. Or I forgot to say at the beginning of the show that the city commission, uh, did not, uh, grant medi authority to formally come here as a city manager. What they called me was a free agent. So I'm here on free agent status. Okay, maybe Michael would like to sign you up for the match. I don't know, uh, what kind of a fan sports you've got. Okay, let's get with some of the folks out here on the audience and I'm sure some of them are still Hallendale residents and, uh, would like to comment either on the whole business that's been going on or have specific questions. And again, I'm going to beg you folks if we can have a little bit of quiet and then we're going to be able to hear the people in the audience and hear Mr. Intendola's response. Otherwise, it's, uh, including this lady over here, man. You're kind of like the leader of the pack. We need this quiet. Okay, you know what that means? Can you define it for her? Write it out on her forehead or something. But we need a little bit of order and calm and, uh, let's see if we've got some folks in the audience who want to speak with Mr. Intendola may have some questions. I'll see you show a hand. Just a lady back here right there. Yes, ma'am. Um, Neil, I, I, I listen to every one of your shows. And my friend also listens and he is home now very ill. And I would like to say hello to Bob. This is Ruth Bob. Hello. Thank you. No personal message. Hey. Okay. Mr. gentlemen, uh, who looked somewhat epileptic with his hand up here. Go ahead. Our true winner. Hello. You know, I've been listening for the last few months. And I never really looked at it as an issue against Talondale. It's really against people and what people do. And I just think it's a disgrace what Mr. Intendola does using his public office. It's a blatant misuse of the position. I have absolutely no respect for anybody who would use their office or their power of office to try and influence people in the way that he tries to do that. Okay, Mr. Intendola is attempting to speak with the only way we're going to hear him is to get his mic on. Yes, sir. What's this another setup? I mean, uh, uh, uh, a picking people out in the office. Yeah, I want to wonder, Marty. Um, well, I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. You pick them out. Okay. Between now and the rest of the show. Why don't you respond to the question Mr. Intendola? Thank you for your intelligent response, sir. What's your, this whole thing was done in just a sense of humor and how long they'll let it take it that way. Very it. Okay, let's see some hands up. And again, I'm going to you pick them out. RJ, you pick out the ones you want to ask the questions because I'm, otherwise you're going to accuse me of loading stack in the deck. Open on. What happened to the other headphones? It will work in just five. What happened to it? Okay. Put, let's see the hands again and you pick them out. Who's going to ask the next question? What? Prop 53 and WI and Zeta Diplomand Mall. Somebody at the back is holding up a sign that says, Near Rogers is a form of local playkia. Who is holding that sign up? I see this sign, but I don't see a body with it. Can we get the body in here? Obviously, if you want to, there he is right over there. Okay, who have we got a couple of times? I mean, certainly we are an equal opportunity offender here. And if you want to offend me, I'm certainly just as game is Mr. Intendola. Don't want to speak. No speaker in glass or what? I mean, no, no comment. Oh, they're leaving now? Let's give them a hand as they leave. Bye. What are they doing? Come in from Tamarack or something? We know that they can't be from Hallendale. First of all, okay. Where's the gentleman had a question for me? Lowering, I think, over there in the second row. My name is Todd Barry. I'm from Cafe Barry and Helen Dale. Just opened up a restaurant here seven weeks ago. The city of Helen Dale took away head of my 14 parking spot in front of the restaurant. I'm not here to talk about the people of Helen Dale because they make a living for me. The older people are going to find me that house in the entrance of the Sunday. What I want to talk about is city of Helen Dale. This is an injustice. They put 14 barricades in front of my restaurant. They're forcing me out of business. I feel my restaurant is beautiful in the city of Helen Dale. Not just disguising in some sort of manner that I'm ruining is. Why is this happening? Who can I speak to? I'm one of my going to do about it. And by the way, Neil, we don't have an early bird. Good. Well, that we want to save you. Okay, Mr. Rintodolo, you know anything about this? I'm not aware of the situation, no. I'm not sure if the city has. I am familiar with the location now. The DOT is widening US1. And this restaurant is right there. And that's what the barricades for DOT contract is widening. So, in other words, the DOT is putting more people out of business again. Is that it? Which their famous for doing? They did that on Griffin Road up in Davy. They put some folks I know a lot of business up there. And you're allowing them to do it again here in Aleandale? I'm not sure we have any say so. And I'm not, uh, don't give me a trouble with the DOT. Uh, but we have more on glad to intercede with the gentleman. Uh, and see what we can do. Okay. Thank you, Neil. You're welcome. Good. Thank you. And if, uh, you. Okay. That's an offer. Already, give her the prune juice and get around here on it. Now, you have to get that kind of reaction once in a while. You took that very well. Um, I took it for, I take it all very well. I get paid every day very had some lead of the naked well. You know, I'm getting a little better and understanding all of this. This whole thing moved the home over the last four or five weeks. Um, it's not really all about the points and the issues and all of it. And those things that may be some of that. Um, I'm sitting here watching you very good at what you do. Stimulating that emotion is what it's all about. Don't we need that and soft Florida? Do we need to wake up some of the people here? Well, is this a deal? I still don't think that I think you could do just as well. Be just as popular. Still have the high ratings. What are using some of the words that you know? But see, now you now you sound like Barry Schrock. I'm not going to have to concentrate. But I'm not telling you how to, how you want to censor. Don't you want another opinion? Not on how I do my show. Well, like I said, we don't think we're going to change how you do your show. I mean, I only have one program director and he's standing around up here somewhere and he's got no complaints. He's got no complaints. He left already, you see. That's how confident he is that I can, you know, handle my own show here. He didn't stick around. Well, those are the opinions. And I think that there's some, somebody lasting in my ear over here is it's, but this is, you know, this started off there like a commission meeting. I was kind of concerned about coming in. No, we didn't come here to put you into a commission meeting. You had all of the, you know, yeah, you had all of the candidates. Yeah, I was about looking for my agenda package. And you didn't hear any of them on your digit. No, nor was you because, you know, we're under equal time provision. We can't put any of them on your. So we didn't come on here at the politics or to have anybody else politics. We came out here to have a good time to air out for you shoes to give you a chance to respond. Because you give us a pretty lute of what you're going to do Monday is, how long they're going to be to make the topic Monday? You're going to switch on to something else. I mean, good. Well, the good news for you is that 11 o'clock. Bill Cosford is going to talk about movies for three hours. So I've only got one hour from 10 to 11 on Monday morning. Kind of a free wheeler. So I guess, you know, it's in the court. It's in the public court. If there are people here who want me to talk about Helen Dale on Monday morning, maybe we will. Is there anybody here who thinks we ought to talk more about Helen Dale? What is that, Sadie? I mean, is that really what you want? Why don't you come right out and lay it out for me? Do you just want us to lay off Helen Dale? That makes you feel better. Because I think we're building something here. I think we're building something for you here. Well, you just said we're not going to do what we want. So now you're asking the question. But would you like to program my show? Is that the idea? No, I don't think I could program your show. I could never get used to all this equipment. Well, I'm crazy that this equipment here. But weren't you the guy that said about we have that 12 second delay, which is not a 12 second delay? We're all that come from. Are they hallucinating at the Helen Dale by Jay? So then just make it that stuff up. If you can imagine this is the day the channel for did the news thing. You want to your salesman shows up in the city manager's office. And once us to buy time on an Eorodger show, which I told him was the quickest way for me to get out of my position was to have this backspapers by time on your show. I'm listening. I'm listening. Is there more that in? I have a trouble hearing. What was your question again? You were making a point about the fact that somebody from the station showed up and they wanted you to buy time and then what happened? What happened after that? You didn't buy time. What did you do? By the time. I don't know. Now Mike is sitting over here in the point. I'm having a difficult time communicating. They pay me to communicate. But I'm having a difficult time communicating. I don't understand what you're saying. I really don't understand what you're saying. What is it that you folks want? Yeah. Let's take a look. Wait a minute. Let's all start this. This is the new thing in Hallandale. Come on. Everybody. One. Two. What is that? I think that is it. Everybody else's working. Can you hear Mike? Can you hear what's going on? I hear what's going on. Now we've gone through three or four. We are here. Why do you keep doing this? Is that the guy who brings me a return? If he gives me the defective, a headphone. That's why. Did you hear that? You're giving him the defective earphones. They are working. How about now, Archie? Can you hear me now? Yeah, Nelson. I can hear you. Nelson. Yeah, I can hear you. Ray, what's our J.Stan for? You figure it out. What? Now wait a minute. Does it stand for, was that a kind of a campaign thing? Was that stand for really Jewish? I'm not involved in the campaign. I think you know that. What word did this word did that little shock come from? Where did the Nelson come from? What is that supposed to? I slipped. Forget what I said. Yes. That's my first name. My last real name. It's a helper. Somebody back here. It's very upset. Why don't you use it? Let me ask you this. If your real last name was be helper, would you use it on a radio if you had a radio show? I don't care what you use. Why are you getting so defensive? I'm trying to ask him a reasonable question. I'm not getting defensive. I'm not getting defensive and I'm not getting defensive and I'm not squirming. If your last name had that many letters, then it would you use it on a radio? I don't care what name you use on a radio. Good. What's that? Okay. You've been moistured public back in use on here. What's that? Okay. Now I'm not speaking to your language. One 19 of WI and Z, we have a little break to do. We're live at the Diplomat Mall. Our guest is City Manager, Argy, Intendola. We have a cast of others here. Thousands of us. We'll be back after this. Twenty two minutes after one of WI and Z. We're live at the Diplomat Mall. And we've got 40 minutes to go in. And Ernie Sochen will be along. And the City Manager Intendola is here. And if there are folks who've got questions about this whole business about Hallendale and about early birds and senior citizens or any of the others, we invite them. I think are there people over here who want to speak? Okay. We're giving Lori a real workout here today, but they don't want to attack her anyway. They just want to attack me. Go ahead. Mr. Rogers, I've been listening to your program. Very often. And some of the things you have said I have agreed with. However, yesterday when I was listening to your program and didn't get the time to call you about it, I was very badly. So I'm very happy to be able to tell you about it now. I was very, very hurt when you put on that song, Chmai is real. Because that hurt me very much. You have the little does. And you have put it down. And I really feel bad for you that you put that so on, first of all, a song wasn't Schmai, yes, Royale. As song is called, Be true to your school. Yeah. And it's a parody and it's been played on radio stations all over the country. And it's by a group called the kosher club and it's a satire and a comedy. And everybody I spoke to, between yesterday and today, as told me, was the funniest thing they've ever heard. Well, it may be funny to some people, but wasn't funny to our people. I'm sorry. But what do you mean to our people? What is that? I do wish people. It's not fine. What do you mean by our Jewish people? I wish people as opposed to that. I wish people in Halen's there. You put that song on and I thought that was terrible. Wait a minute. Are there any Jewish people who live in Halendale here today? No. No. There are no Halendale Jewish people here today. I don't see you. Not a one. Come on. Here's one. There is one. There's one. There's one. There's one. There's one. Was there anybody else here offended by Beatruity or Schuld? Did that offend anybody? They want to hear it again. And they're Jewish and they live in Halendale. They're not the ones that listen to that song because if they had heard that song, they would have been offended. Well, it seems to me you want to be offended, and that's more the kind of ethnic paranoia that seems to exist here. A real lack of sense of humor in his community. You were offended by it, but then again you're not Jewish. So I guess that doesn't mean anything. The first time I haven't heard the song. Okay. And so I really don't know what you're talking about. But I thought you were listening religiously now. I guess you're not. No, I'm not listening because Sunny Rosenberg was all upset who's hanging around back here somewhere. Politicking. He's very upset with me. And he admitted to me. He doesn't even listen to my show here at one hour of it. And he's all upset. Well, I hear about it every time he mentioned my name. My daughter takes those segments of one man home. Well, wait a minute. She only turns it on and she's psychic. Did she know what I'm going to mention here now? No, she's not. Your daughter listens to my show on a regular basis. Yes, she does. Well, your daughter has good taste. I commend you, Ron. That's great. Okay. Who have we got the, with some more questions for Mr. Rintendola or me, this gentleman over here? Over there. There we go. He truly is school. I see her. Well, they got to back at the, uh, you think we ought to do that and then take a poll on it and see if anybody was going to find it. Who want to hear it? Well, this is going to take a couple of minutes in. Come on, Uncle Neil. Owners on Kyle who was up in the morning. Come on. Radio station. Or can we communicate? Well, I guess Kyle is probably listening right now. And if he can go into the rack. Or this is really tough. You put it because I can't produce it here. I mean, it's back at the radio station. And if he can find it, it is in one of my three racks. They're not in the Tom Lear rack, but one of the other ones in of Kyle can run down there and get the cart and then take it back upstairs and hang on to what carefully with the other three. We'll play it in just a minute or two if he's, uh, he's got it. Can he communicate to you? He can. Okay. So in other words, if he's lucky enough to find it, it says, be true to your school. That's what you will. When Tom, I'm so I'm going to try to put it down. And there's the application. I'm telling right away, now listening here to thinking, I'm sorry. It's not the one in the nation. I'll say, give a dollar for the game through your school. I'm sorry. It's not your, do you know what? You're a must, not a must, not a must. You're a must, not a must. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're a must, not a must. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're a must. You're a must. My prize, I'll be jacked up on the status service. I'll be ready to pray. I'll be standing up. I don't resent the offer in the choir now. You'll be thinking away. Be true to your school. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're a must, not a must. I'm sorry. You're a must, not a must. I'm sorry. You're a must, not a must. I'm sorry. You're a must. You're a must. I'm sorry. You're a must, not a must, not a must. You're a must. I'm sorry. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must, not a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must. You're a must, not a must. Okay, there it is. And the general consensus. That group by the way is called, Gafilta Joe and the fish is the name of that group. And it's called, be true to your shoe. Now is there anybody here who was offended by that? No. Okay, I guess I want Lady thinks she was speaking for a lot of other people, but wasn't. Okay, who's next? Yes, speak up. If what we're talking about here and defend people, what offended world-class rudeness. And if that's the issue talking about, I really commend you for bringing it to the public attention. But I just had a turnaround and asked some guys in standing in the middle of a cloud smoking a rope, there's enough to gag a bag of, I had to ask him, you know, what he mind removing it a little ways because I don't really want to smell that stuff. And he looked at me like, I asked him if he had AIDS. Do you? No, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's what I know of. Well, look, rudeness is everywhere, right? Right, but I think generally look, I've had hundreds of people on here today. We've had a couple of them who've been, you know, a little bit out there on drugs or whatever, but 99% of them here have been pretty well behaved today. Would he be talking about rudeness and his guy don't know enough not to light up that stuff? There's always going to be one. There's always going to be somebody who just, there we go. Exactly. Who knows? I can't find it, no, that's a problem. Gosh. It's been my problem all my life. That's a... Some other stuff. Oh, oh. You wouldn't object, would you? No, no. It's all set. Let's bring Taffy back here and we'll all light up. How would that be? We can't drink the wine on the air, but we can light up a little bit. Who's the, who's got the next question? My smaller, yours. Well, I'm sure yours is smaller, but that's... And if that's the case, you're really in a lot of trouble. I'll tell you that right now. Okay, yes, sir. Is that a Cuban cigar, now? See. Sent by Mirus Swara's, another one of my admirers. Yes, ma'am. Nail? Yes. Oh, no. Oh, yes. We love you. I'd like to refer to the lady who spoke about our recent human. I know our people have had a sense of humor. We're the good times, and the bad times, and I hope we never ever lose it. That's all I have to say. Amen. Amen. Thank you. And that's true. The Jewish people who had the best sense of humor, they've needed it to survive, and especially in Holland, they'll need a good sense of humor to survive. We've got a sense of humor in Holland. You've been in our stand-up with that cigar. You're going to follow up balance. I understand the balance and I don't worry, yes, sir. Let me just say that anybody who doesn't listen to your show and doesn't think your funny is not listening to you. I've listened for years. Well, it's not alive. One of the others. One of the two, I've listened for years. I think you have been especially funny lately. I like it when you do politics. I think you wouldn't. That was, it was a political season last year. You put your time in on that where it needed to be. Now, there's not as much going on, and if you take a look, especially what's coming out of Washington, how anybody can be doing other than the comedy routines that you're doing, invite never eating comedian in South Florida, the Kuala Inn, and try it out. Hopefully, they're best material on you. I think it's very good. I don't think any, I've practiced law and houndel for six years. I don't think anybody in houndel has any reason to be thin skinned about what you're saying. Except for the people who would direct it out, let them be defensive. The rest of us have nothing to worry about. Thank you. I got to hand one thing to tell us. Sir? Sir. You just come back here. If you gave him a cigar, would he not look like Roger Marx? Yeah. That's the most ridiculous thing I have. Ha ha ha. Our Lord of the... They're all auditioning, didn't you know? No, I'm a young new-wondered Connecticut. That's a long way the way. But I think what I gotta do, we tried everything into wanting to revive it. We had read development. We did a lot of things. And nothing seems to happen, but I think we'll have to get somebody like... Like Neil and his hair on city apart, verbally, and then we're gonna grow. I think it's great, great, great. All right. You think it's the big and new London now, too? Great city, New London. I've been there. I spent a year there one day. It was great. Okay, who? Poor we got next. I know that some of these people, you can tell by the looks on their faces. They're just pouring out with emotion. Lower your right up there. Oh, it's another right there. General. The rigged it's here. Neil, you're doing a great job. I just want to correct Mr. BJ or the Emma whatever. It's... RJ, it's really high, not Eli. Eli, sorry. Really, Eli. Shame on you. I know. I can't believe that she did that. Right now, first you're calling me Nelson and then you're not for that. What'll it be next? I think it's Steve. That would be the worst in so many days. Yeah, that's it. I'm making that thing. Speaking of that, by the way, you know, for all of the complaints that you politicians have had, it could have been a lot worse. I'm not a Sandy Payton could have done it. You're early bird and everybody would have gone to sleep. Okay? So just be glad on the one who did it. Yes, ma'am. Neil, I have four radios in my house and everyone's too de-oastation. You have grown in this whole world. Thank you. Very much. Thank you. That's nice. Okay, 135 at WI and G. We're going to crank the bottle of wine open while we take a little break and then we'll come right back. I'm at the diplomat mall and we have had a sensational gathering here and now you would have to admit that this has been a fun crowd. Wouldn't you? I think so. I've been fun. We're having a good mix out there, but that's it's just like when you do a certain good mix to spice it up a little bit. And you have to, you know, have a little fun with them and let them have their fun and that's what life is all about. And this has been great. This is a great exercise into democracy here today. Except when you bang on. Okay, I wanted to ask one question that's been a mystery to everybody. Why do I live in Miramar? No, no. When I always noticed we have an answer to it today. One thing, and I guess maybe this is part of Helen Delsen to humor that we don't understand. They have a real dry sense of humor. You notice that? And when I came into the mall this morning, I noticed it was sitting out here in front and we get all these conflicting stories about how these guys are going to be put on and it's a joke. And then of course we see, you know, we hear from City Father saying this has got to stop and we're going to go on there and catch them. What is that all about? I mean, is that a reflection of what's going on in City Hall? I mean, what is that? The outhouse, again, is not to consist of any city employees. It's a tradition. Gene Stevens isn't a magazine. Signs you could gather that. But typically what they do is they create signs that do what you've done for the last several weeks is the ribbed city and the commissioner and city officials. And they do the Cee-Chir and Halloween night. Down. That's all done. I guess in fun. In fun. So in other words, Neo Rogers isn't the first guy to come along and have a little fun and poke fun at the city hall and they're outhouse gang does that every eight years. So we're like Johnny Cummleibes and it gives me an idea. They do it like one day a year and they put you guys on a map. Maybe like the first two or three months of every year, I might show. Maybe the first four or five months of every year. We might just, you know, single out hall and they all make it part of like a rich woman. You just have a little con with it. If you continue doing this, we're going to have to expand the boulevard a couple more wings. And we're going to need more than crosswalks. I think the mayor kind of ride that outhouse concept from Lee for governor from the outhouse to the statehouse. Yeah. Excellent. And he certainly would have to be an improvement on what we've got there right now. In fact, I think our current governor could benefit by what you've got out there. I think that's the welcome structure outhouse. Well, we're going to be checking it out after the show and see who's hiding it. I have to stand online. See who's hiding in those closets in there. And if they've left any of the goodies inside, you know, they steal all that stuff. Okay, who's next here? Yes, man. Yeah, come on at night. She sings on my darlings. She likes what she's saying. Thank you. That's our night at the end of the trip.