Enemy Come.. Well, there are all three girls in the cars Are he read, you see, and I saw his shot Flew rocks down on thevern I follow the road or if I see them Hi all friends all of you I'll reach the Master's alertings. kul we are until our flavor of this studio *** , Ham, you like whole bed is opening , you know what I am doing? You hungry guys? hey they stand up so, you guys can not even go. world's!!!! QUANDERS ON slow The ice fendell was in the building this morning. A white walk down the Adrian, the sign over the front door that says, tilt, lit up in technicalor. And what we're going to do today is matter of fact is a practice for the stand major with Michael Talbot Show. We're going to pick on Mike Spindell for four hours. When you get away with it today, there's Mike said he bought a new car and that was where he solved his radio problem. You know, instead of going out and spending a couple hundred bucks to get a new radio in his car, he went out and bought a new car. It's 11.07 at W1. Because there's a copy of that ad from the voice attached to the letter. And the letter was written to one of our sponsors. And it says, dear Sir, I strongly object to the use of airwaves to verbally batter and be little people in the South Florida area. The people on the daytime talk shows of radio station WI and Zee used the time to install them expressed their opinions rather than listen and learn from calling people. I assure you I will stay far away from the sponsors of the Instalting Host of WI and Zee. Instalting or hanging up on phone in people is not my idea of anything worthwhile. These talk show hosts have an opportunity to do some worthwhile good with their airtime rather than rant on with their negativeism, which is a total waste of time. Perhaps they will listen to you their sponsor rather than hang up when you disagree with them sincerely, brother Donald P. McIntyre C. S. C. Lizabeth Church, Pompeo Beach. You know, this thing with the Catholic Church has gotten to the point. I've tried to minimize it, okay? But it pisses me off more than I can begin to tell you. The last time the Pope came here back in 1978 or nine, whatever it was, all of a sudden there was this full court press by the Catholic Church to try to get me off the air. And the same kind of crap that's going on now went on then, okay? And the only thing that they did was bring a lot more attention to my show. And it was maybe just a coincidence that after that I had the first 10.5 share at night on W. Snoves, at the biggest rating that I ever had, up to that time. And other starting in again, and isn't it a coincidence that it just prior to the Pope coming here next month again, that the Catholic Church has decided. Now see, a few months ago, it might spend down on I were raising money for the Camille House and for starving people on the streets, a lot of which went to the Catholic charities, that was okay. Then we were a wonderful guy and we have all kinds of letters in the file. From brother Paul of the Camille House and from all kinds of other people of these charitable organizations, thanking us for raising about whatever was 30,000 dollars or whatever we were able to raise, whatever we were able to squeeze out of the people of the South Florida for people who are starving on the streets. Then we were good guys. But if we come on the air and we give our opinions or we do our humor or we rise the Pope and his Stone Age garbage that he wants to come here and pedal to all of America, then all of a sudden the Catholic Church feels compelled to try to silence us and to get us off the air. And this is the same kind of crap that the Catholic Church has been doing within the church. You know, along comes the priest and he starts taking a little different view. You know, maybe a little to the right of a till of a hunt to the left, rather of a till of a hunt, and all of a sudden the church wants to excommunicate him. And the Vatican starts, you know, having an herbace breakdown to try to squash any descent within the church, because the Pope basically is a dictator. And the Pope is dictating Stone Age garbage and is probably responsible for more suffering in the world than any other individual today. With all of this unwanted birth, all of these overpopulation and the predominantly Catholic countries. And of course, at a time when some people are desperately saying, hey, where condoms, if you're going to have sex, where condoms, because we have AIDS, we have all kinds of sexually transmitted disease, your life is at stake. Here comes the Catholic Church again. Oh, no, not only can't you have condoms, but you can't use any kind of artificial birth control. Preaching the same guarantees suffering. And at the time when we have so many of the priests dying from AIDS, here comes the same church preaching their homophobic craft that they have. And it comes the same church preaching their homophobic craft that they've been preaching for centuries. They're hypocritical homophobic craft. So brother, McIntyre, just like the people in that insurance agency who decided on their letterhead, they were going to try to harm this program. You know, if you don't like the show, brother, McIntyre turn it off. And we invite, we've invited people from the Catholic Church to come on, but again, as dictatorial people do, they won't come on and open debate. They won't come on and discuss these issues in public because they haven't got to let the stand up. So instead, like a bunch of cowards, they throw stones from their closets and I do mean closets. Throwing pebbles to try to chase away the evil people who are bad for business. And that's the bottom line, isn't it, brother McIntyre? We're bad for business. For you, fakers out there, who are ripping off the public with your lies and your garbage and your stone age dogma. And I saw those statistics on TV lies like, date count, he's going to spend one and a half million dollars. And a city of Miami's going to spend a half a million. And a state's going to spend another million or so. We're spending millions and millions of dollars of taxpayer money to subsidize a religious event. Shameful, absolutely outrageous. So that this man can come here with his, with his schmachtes on preaching that stone age arcade craft. And guaranteeing the, ensuring the suffering and guilt of millions of people for years to come, isn't that terrific? Isn't that just a kind of wonderful event that we should all be subsidizing? Isn't this terrific? And here's another letter, also in the same envelope from Philist Briglio. P.S. many people have asked me to add that this goes for them also, she writes at the bottom. And it's just a mimeographed copy. The whom it may concern we are outraged that the likes of Neil Rogers is permitted to spew his hatred, bigotry, and foul language over the airways. He gets his ratings mostly by getting everyone angry. He's notoriety makes him well known, certainly not because he has a good talk show. If I wanted the hosts such a show, all I would have to do to get high ratings would be so outrageous and erupt notches that people line up to object. Enough is enough. We will boycott your company corporation, until your sponsorship ceases. WI and ZAM radio show has portached and allowing people to be called assholes, douchebags, etc. on the air. How can you spot his such programming? Since Briglio, who lives in Hollywood, Florida. I don't see any phone number on the letterhead of St. Elizabeth Church in Pompano Beach, but I guarantee they got a phone. Okay. And you're selecting insurance company. In fact, what we ought to do is we ought to get the telephone numbers. I'm going to do it during the break. Of the Catholic Archdiocese of Miami, you know, they got their new multi-million dollar building down there on this being Boulevard. And they can always find millions of dollars for buildings and for the Pope's visit. And you know, they're always crying poor mouth. You know, when it comes to their charities, they never have enough money to get the job done. Because they're too busy spending it on crap like this. So here we have just before the Pope arrives again just by coincidence, we have another organized campaign by the Catholic Church. They try to get me off the air and to try to hash up the sponsors of this show. And it's thing that we're going to do is we're going to have a meeting with the Pope. And we're going to have a meeting with the Pope. And we're going to get the phone numbers and we'll give them out on the air. And if you want to keep sending letters to our sponsors, they're going to keep giving them back to me. And I'm going to give them phone numbers of all the individuals involved out on the air. Because obviously what you don't what you're not, you know, this idea about this isn't a good talk show. It's not a good talk show. Don't listen to it. How about all the other top shows in town that's think to I have an are you trying to get them off the air? Because they're not good shows. Of course not. So long as they don't trample on your business, along as they don't say things that bug you, then you're not going to do anything, right? Whoever heard as such nonsense. And these people are now in a feeding frenzy. They just can't help themselves. Here's the number now for St. Elizabeth Church in Pompano Beach. And you people have been Pompano Beach ought to be ashamed to live in such an the Andreful community. Over the years that I've been in this town, I'd say about 90% of this kind of harassment that we've gotten comes from Pompano Beach and a general area. 941-8117. And maybe you'd like to talk to a brother-mack entire. Or some of the other wonderful loving religionists up there at St. Elizabeth Church who think that it's within their purview to dictate what's going to be on the air and what isn't. What we have the right to talk about and what we don't. And by the way, brother-mack entire, they do pay me to give my opinions. That's the whole idea of this or any other talk show. And as far as listening and learning from calling people, we take dozens of calls on this show every day. Now as far as guest work and sir, and we would have been delighted to have anybody from the Catholic Church to come on the show. But you folks wouldn't come on here. You are busy cowering in the closet, brother-mack entire. And every time somebody did want to come on the show, Archbishop and Kothi would put out the eat it again and all of a sudden they had a cancel at the last moment because all they couldn't come on the show were somebody might disagree. They'd have to come on with somebody who'd give them marshmallow questions. And as far as the phone number for the Archdiocese of Miami is concerned, and that's where they read you ought to get to phone calls. Oh, here comes that verbal terrorism again. Okay, let me go on record before loose a loamy if the news writes any more columns. Let me just say that I absolutely deplore. I do not condone any kind of call that is obnoxious or offensive or threatening. I got don't connect me with that because I've never ever suggested people make that kind of a call. When you certainly are entitled to make a call in a specier objections in reasonable terms, the number for the Catholic Archdiocese is 757. Is that the Miami number? 757. Six two four one and the voice that printed this ridiculous ad with a list of our sponsors and suggesting that you know doing everything possible to harm this radio station. The number of the voice, which is the newspaper, the Catholic Church, is 758-0543. 758-0543. So while we've got our own internal problems that I discussed in the first hour, those pale and de-winsignificants compared to the effort, the massive effort, although it's not going to be a successful one, there's no question about that, but nonetheless it's a real pain in the neck. And it's outrageous. And it would be really interesting if somebody would have the balls to get up and church this Sunday and one of the Catholic Churches, or if a whole bunch of people would have the guts to get up and church this Sunday and speak out against this. Let them practice their religion, let them preach their kindness and brotherhood and love and compassion and understanding and helping people who need their help, not trying to silence people or take away first amendment rights from people who happened to disagree with them and who happened to have the courage to come on here and expose them for the fakers that they are. Because that's exactly what they are. And all of these ridiculous queens, covering in the closet down there at the archdiocese, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves, instead of participating in an effort to silence me, you ought to be speaking out against the archaic, the garbage kind of crap that your church is preaching, the kind of hatred that your church is preaching against people who desperately need help and compassion of this thought. Unbelievable. A disgrace. And when the hell does it stop, it never stops. Never stop, just like, is there any, is there any, is there any, is there any, is there any, I mean we have little groups that are trying to stop what's going on with the church right now and all this money that's being spent? Do you think that they're going to have any chance of winning? No way. Because what the church wants, the church gets, and if they want a couple of million from the state, they want a million from the county, they're going to get whatever they want. And that's the way it is. They're used to getting their way. Here's the Broward number for the Archdiocese, 5255157, and 5255776. And if they think that I'm going to roll over and play dead, I'm just going to walk away in the middle of the evening one night, because the Catholic church wants me off the ear or believes that they can censor what I do on this station. They got a real second talk coming. It didn't work nine years ago and it ain't going to work now. Twenty minutes past where I'm going to tell you I'm going to blow my brains down on the ear. Kyle tells me how today was payday. We all opened up our checks. Kyle did not get his raise today. Is there anybody in the building listening? I mean I was sworn in blood. Anybody out there in Tade did everybody leave the building just now? Everybody has left the building. Or the only ones left? Don't open the gate. Let's just take over the whole building. We'll take over the FM. We'll sign okay. For just take the whole thing over screw it. I am so suicidal now you have no idea. Kyle didn't get his raise. We got this cart over here. We're not playing anymore. We got the Catholic church out there. like this, you know, that's the way it is. Nobody likes this except the audience. And after all, aren't we here to make a loose alami like this? Isn't that what they pay me for? Even to make Tom like this. Okay, Kyle didn't give his raise. I'm going to I'm about an inch away. I'm really am about an inch away from just lying down on the floor and going into a Gandhi-like protest. And I look a little like Gandhi, a little bit heavier, but, you know, and a little more here. Okay, let's take a call. What is this for female? I thought we weren't taking female callers. From Carl Springs, come on. Hi, you know, this is somebody that was out on the Scandinavian princes in the islands for the past week. And I just wanted to let you know that all the sailors that crewed out there just love your show. So you can't commit suicide yet because they really need you to keep something to listen to while they're cruising through those tropical waves out there. The odd band, all the sailors love this, you know, huh? I could do, I have a couple of lines for that, but I'll save them. Well, you can use those lines. And they really appreciated your show with Fred Chobbs the other day. Yeah, well, they need the advice. Oh, sorry, not to give you any bad news, something to fight about, but I just wanted to let you know about that. Thank you. You're welcome. Bye, bye. Boy, I wish we had something like anchors away to play right now, something like that. I also got an email and album, which I did have the courage to open a Hawaiian holiday. Boy, is this an oldie or what? Lennie? Okohu? Okohu? And is there borders? I'm not sure sure we can say that on the air. Unbelievable. So you want to thank whoever sent this, this thing is from from another lifetime. Boy, this album is like from the early 50s, I bet. It's on Bravo Records and it doesn't even have a date on it. Like maybe from the 40s even. Boy, this is terrific. Okay, well, listen, I'm leaving for Hawaii at noon, so we hope you have a wonderful time and a great weekend and a wonderful life. Let me give those numbers again for St. Elizabeth Church and Brother McIntyre in Papua, Beach. The Church number is 941-817. And you know, if they want to play the game, it's a free country, they can write all the letters they want, and if that's what they're going to do and we get a hold of them, we're going to come on the air. We'll play it too, you know. And we'll see who's got more more people on their side. You know, when some anonymous thing bad writes a letter and says, P.S. many people have asked me to add that this goes for them also. Why not they send their letters to? If it goes for them. I mean, what? What kind of a statement is that? Well, I speak for myself in 80 million other Americans by saying whatever, you know. The number for the Archdiocese in Miami is 757-6241. The voice, which has printed this disgusting ad and I can't even believe that they would print this ad, but nonetheless they chose to go ahead and do it on behalf of this pseudo-organization in Papua Beach, committing to promote first amendment rights and obligations. The voice is 758-0543 and the Broward chapter of the Archdiocese is 525-5157 or 525-5776. And I can just see Mr. Salami sitting down at his typewriter at the Miami News again. Neoradings, a verbal terrorism and the church received some ugly call. She's okay, I guess. If Mr. Valvez wants to open up the county to a bloodbath, we're supposed to ignore that or if the church wants to try to, you know, stifle what we can do on here. We're just supposed to strip back roll over and play dead. Otherwise you a bad guy. Like the news, they roll over and play dead all the time because they got the Harold there manipulating all the strings, guaranteeing them a profit, keeping them from publishing on Sunday and with a nice cozy little deal. Terrific. Helen Dale, hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Is it historical? Yeah, I know. It's not going so well, but it's just about. Well, anyway, I'm sending the steel in the nail. It's from the August Vogue and the August Desire on Agnesine. Okay, the one from Vogue is in the Gel Cruise ad for clothing, but they have two new men as part of their clothing ad. You know, you can only see the back view, but, you know, they can get away with that. This is in both magazines. In Harpers, they have a Calvin Klein ad for obsession and men and women, nude, front views, back views. I'll send you the whole thing. Oh, boy, what's the world coming to, right? Yeah, you know, now they're getting away with that. My tutor was on channel 39 this week. 33. 33. Let's give them credit, you know. Right. Right. And you're station manager is telling you, you can't do certain things. So I think it's a little unfair. And I just wanted to see this. So I have the on. Not our station manager, our program director, let's get, you know, let's get it straight. Yes, excuse me. All right. So maybe, you know, this will help in your fights for the first amendment because I believe in opposing the first amendment, very strongly. Yeah, this business about first amendment rights and obligations. I guess we have an obligation to say whatever the church likes us to say, you know, whatever, whatever please is them, then we're living up to our obligations. Now that's going back to the 15th century. Yeah. I don't want to see that ever happen. Well, maybe they'd like to have another inquisition. Yeah, they probably will. They can get Mr. Valdez and Mr. Navarro. They get him together to be the leaders of the new inquisition. Welcome, Anna. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm going to work, Amanda. Yeah. Yeah. Did you just give me the zip of the station, please? Sure. Three, three, five, five. Okay. You'll probably get it Monday because I'm in the mail today. Well, I'd like to get it Monday. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. Bye. That's my style. 1130 at WI and Z Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. 20 year supporters that talked to you a little while ago about the protest that he suggested you have. Oh, I think maybe you ought to go even further than that and have a silent period for say four hours times six days times ten weeks or something like that. And they really, really make rub it into them real good. Yeah, right. Sure. I mean, that's really, you know, increased the standing of the station. I think two at the same time. Yeah. Okay. We'll have a wonderful life, sir. Miami. Hello. How you deal? How you doing? Great. Okay. Now, you realize that those money-brain douchebags you've got for bosses there had no sense of humor at all. Now, they're the ones you've got to worry about, not the FCC, so far can't pay. The FCC of East End of Census humor. No, I don't think the FCC has any sense of humor, but I also at the same time don't see them doing anything. And all I see them doing like when they were seeing the ruling the other day on the fairness doctrine, all they're doing is backing away from previous positions. In fact, I read, notably other day that said, all they're waiting for now is a formal petition in court to challenge the April ruling and they're just waiting for an opportunity to back away from the whole thing. Because they realize how vague and ambiguous and unforeseeable it is and yet there are still people running around like nervous nellies changing their run to where every five minutes, all you need is objectionable and this is in court taste that, you know, who defines what's in court taste? I mean, this one somebody is talking about oral sex or Michael Jackson that, well, he didn't really do it, but that's school fun masturbation. Those things are not in court taste, they're part of real life and when somebody's satirized is something that's in real life to me that's not in court taste. The humanity that told you that they've received 69 letters just like the FC state. No, don't say 69, 68. Now that showed you that they've got a sense of humor. Yeah, there's only a little word coming down from on high like, get knees or something like that. The rest of your accuracy in the FC can care about this stuff. It was a half part of the attempt by that one man you interviewed. He had no real concern over there, so he was just following orders, he wanted to keep his eye checked. Yeah, well he got a promotion shortly thereafter, so, you know, we can see where he's coming from. There's a big day though that this could be yes and political stuff. Yeah. Okay. Oh, also, I don't know the stuff that you throw away every day that comes from a male couldn't we have such a sort of water where you could cross out the names of the innocent and raffle the stuff off. I'm sure that for- No, I'm going to give it to the same Elizabeth Church, uh, Brample for their next bizarre. We've got mountains and mountains at this material and I'm sure it comes to some good use of it, you know, you're getting up the garbage disposal there. Okay. It's a lot. Okay. The bagel be in the mail to the salvation army. The screen says a minister in Pano. Hello. Hello. Mr Rogers? Yes. I don't do it here. I'm just everything today. I'm using phone. Um, well, I'd always help. Yes, of course. I must admit that sometimes you say, play, make me slant, however. I do very much appreciate what you are doing for the community because it seems to me that you the only one who is voicing or more or less objective opinion because the first thing that I am concerned with is a constitutional form of government and I see the possibility of that eroding here in the state county. I also feel that people ought to be very, very much aware that you are the only voice. I was not aware of the spining will issue and I, I told you brought it up. I happen to be listening to your show one day. I think it's important that there is someone who's who is saying what you are saying. I know this is a credible coming from me. But even Christ said what she wished to say and he was not against, he was not for censorship in any way. Yeah. And then the study of his life depicts this and it was great to this. I feel that, well, you know, I see this intolerance going on again. All over the country we have a real awakening of it now up in Jacksonville, they're giving a station up there WAPE and absolutely horrible time and again that movie is led by the religionist, the church, all having a nervous breakdown because they don't like what the morning guy is saying and they find this in portate. Cool to have ever gave the church the right to be censors for all of society. If people want to listen to something, if people want to watch it, they'll do it. And let the church go mind its own damn business. Well, of course there are many common and typical ministers who would agree with you. Because there are some of us who are not front and gentlemen. Yeah. I did hear last night from someone that minister and a fundamental church did get up and say that they should comment on the record you're playing or the tape you're playing on your show. So your station must be aware that if you're the small group of what as you turn that religion was front of mellis most Christian religion of the older variety affected to be dated such as religion will tend to allow the society to act as they act and will try not to oppose their will. The front of mellis however are new free to pass. Well, let's not only pick on fundamentalist Christians who generally tend to be other than Catholics because the Catholic church is not new at this. The Catholic church has been doing this for centuries and it's interesting to note the hypocrisy. Now there was this, I don't want to convict anybody on the air because the man hasn't been tried yet but there is this make believe mail order priest who has now been charged with a whole state of crimes against youngsters. And I noticed on his office wall on the news the other night there were letters of commendation to this man from all kinds of officials and also one from archfisher McCarthy at the Archdiocese in Miami commending him on his wonderful work with children and he was evidently working with children all right in more ways than one and this kind of stuff goes on among the religionists like crazy and I consider and read from Anne Gailer's magazine out of Madison with Wisconsin free thought magazine every week I could take a half hour on the show which I did do one week take a few minutes story after story after story from around the country from the so-called religionist priest and rabbis and ministers whatever the hell they are who are abusing children who are molesting children who are sleeping with people's wives who are due to many every kind of crime that's ever been invented and here they have the unmitigated gall to turn around and tell us that they're going to censor what's on the air for the good of the public who's a hell of a kidding and those priests God pity them that are getting aids so many of them they're not getting it because of some act of condemnation or busy hiding in the world's largest closet you know it's bad enough to be a hypocrite and it's bad enough to be a coward but to be part to be part of an organization that speaks out against your very own existence and to understand up in public and to be so hypocritical as to is to pump it the same crap and to mow it and be there Mary Annette and you've got to have no self-respect at all which is probably why there's such a high alcoholism right among the priesthood no self-respect at all to live one life and to live one big lie and then to get up and church every Sunday and to mouth the lie for somebody else's benefit and what the hell does any of this have to do with salvation and with God and with love and with brother what does any of this have to do with it and the answer is nothing because it's the big business that counts and there are no different from Jim Baker and all of these fakers they're all the same it's just a matter of degree who's the slickest salesman who's got the biggest organization who's got more billions and dollars in the bank that's what it's all about you know and even here I'm talking about religion anymore just a question of who slept with whom and who's gonna keep the PT else solid and how they're gonna go bankrupt nobody even talks about religion anymore as if there was any in the first place that was just a sham for the business it's just a cover for these big business operations who are building all of us and to think that this our K. clown is gonna come here and is gonna build the taxpayers all these millions of dollars is it's a sin let's go to biscay and gardens hello yes of course is one of the listeners that you like all the faith that there think that they don't know anything about the letter said this must have been done by the brother and just a few people well it's on their letter heads so if they don't know anything about it and they don't know anything about brother Donald P. McIntyre then they better find out who he is because he's sending these letters out on their letterhead I think it was probably a coffee collection they got together and a couple radical cap like up and did that number two I call them I call the voice and isn't it funny how all of the sudden the fun was answered by a lady from barely speaking with a family fact that's no that's not surprising and then went right into taking with a and the writer told me that he listened to me for a moment and he listened to my point and then he went on to say that he had to go and like there's not really that and I know what you said don't be rude on the phone but I couldn't resist saying something to the fact that after writing things like that I bet you have to go a lot of time you'll rob your training yeah and also body training and also three what's in the cap like church that that exit is a lot of these not these out of the rooms to care the Catholic church not only well a Catholic church no had no problem with the Nazis you know I'll say it again the Nazis were all Catholics on their belt buckles all BS has soldiers in German it said God is with us and they were all Catholics and the church never excommunicated any of them not a one of them yeah I'm just wondering why the people or the Catholic people if they're so intense on things about what if five dollars and tape is a security themselves I mean that's what a movie cost exactly man for an organ they just see they're just not as good as some of the others like Billy Graham at fundraiser you know if they were as good as some of these other factories they would have the money with no problem but they don't understand they pay I'm sure they take great delight in making all the rest of us help to subsidize this don't understand that that's in a more power I really I really don't see anybody really in the government speaking out and speaking I repeat it like myself that you're not one tax dollar think yeah well there are a variety of organizations some atheist organizations and some other preserve constitutional rights type organizations that are you know is suing to prevent all this money from being spent but don't hold your breath you know that's what usually works because when the church speaks when they raise their little finger you know where they can put it okay a lot of time for the government fall what are they gonna have bouts of people who want to go and say the pope like thousands of people like the lesson that you're showing have the right to do that yeah they have the right to do it but doesn't cost them of penny what are they gonna do with the crowd just let them be out there without no not let them do anything let the Catholic church should take care of it you know let them provide their multi-billion dollar corporation and since we live in a secular society those of us who are not parts of the Catholic church and don't recognize the Pope is anything other than another silly man we don't want to subsidize it he is a silly man he's a dangerous silly man the oh yes he is he's the greatest he is the greatest destructive force on the face of the earth today there are more people suffering and starving because of the archaic dogma that he preaches and because of any other reason in the world today the Pope's message is no it's not the Pope's message is one of repression the hatred and stupidity and overpopulation and disease and desperately and that's the Pope's message that's your opinion no it's not it's a fact it's not debatable point it's a fact it's plain and simple when the Pope tells people not to use brick control he's giving a lot of people a debt sentence you know that but you're a very bright and pretty man and you can court there and you're not responding to what I just said whether I'm brighter winning has nothing to do with it you can still be a moron and see that what the Pope is preaching is causing tremendous suffering in the world today and when the Pope goes around the world discouraging plant parenthood and birth control the Pope is also causing forced starvation and suffering you look right in Latin America we're suffering in this country from what's happening in Latin America today because the Pope makes those people into rabbits instead of thinking human beings that's the message that he's preaching no birth control of any kind of that well that good old rhythm which we know how well that works yeah oh and I see you're laughing at it like it's a joke I don't I'm not saying that I'm not I find it deplorable I find it horrendous that this man continues to preach a kind of of lifestyle that forces people to suffer what about the lifestyle that you preach about what lifestyle do I preach I preach live and let live is there something wrong with that well in a sense there is oh boy let me have my faith I'm listening to you I'm concerned what are you concerned about what are you concerned about in this world what would you like to see as Neil Rogers contribution to society to the world I'm not going to change the world okay if I can make a few people laugh entertain a few people let him have a good time that's my contribution I'm not here to save the world because I'm not my Eve so nobody no one person can world and nobody trying to save the world and I can say let's all make the best of it while we're here but well what's that guy to do with the Pope well I you're attacking the Pope and I and you're not responding to anything that I'm saying you keep asking me what I want to do what is that got to do with the Pope the Pope is a very powerful individual with billions of dollars behind them at the head of a tremendously influential corporation why does they do something positive what does he make people think why does he help people educate people instead of keeping them in the dark ages instead of canza constantly condemning people I believe that the Pope is he has nothing is one of these and I think that people leave that I believe I think that if I'm not positive but what the message I get from the Pope is if you want a on this planet to help one another oh yeah a love that's why he wouldn't let Cardinal O'Connor go to a Jerusalem maybe had to go to Tel Aviv because I know it was about the Pope is so political you know he's afraid of offending the Christians and Muslims you know in Jerusalem so you know that is far is the Cardinal though earlier I don't know about the the person you just spoke about and that's also why the Pope refuses to recognize Israel which also is conducive to love and peace and understanding well you were saying earlier about the criticism out his visit with wall dime yeah okay the Pope even went to see and went into prison to see the man that shot him so what about it quote another way to wait a minute the Pope can forgive somebody who committed an act against him but the Pope is not in a position to forgive somebody who was responsible for killing hundreds of thousands of people he's not in a position to dispense that kind of forgiveness it is cry forget about Jesus Christ the Pope is just another guy with silly pants and a dress on he's not Jesus Christ he's a guy you he is no he is it's man it's not a subject like kind of a thing the Pope is a human being his flesh and blood and and before all of a sudden they put you know there's the new schmata on his head he was just another cardinal just like all the other ones you know just like Steve Ezeo let me ask you some why do you think all these thousands of people are going to flock over there to see him you think the Catholic priest for the same reason is if all ignored three marching in Miami thousands of people would flock to see him because people are groupies that's all people have been have been brainwashed well I think you're a little bit more guilty of brainwashing than not in the least but you don't want to respond to any you don't want to respond to anything that I bring up you know whether it's yes or error for our peanut shed or whether it's a curd bald-hime or any of the worst terrorists on the face of the globe the pulp never met a white wing fashist that he didn't like how come that is I believe this Pope would go and see anybody yeah okay man I believe that too maybe he can give communion to Chuck Manchin and Ted Bundy while he's here's going to be in Florida might as well go see Ted what in Virginia 24 pounds of pigs as a matter of fact he was in 1984 he went to one of the South American countries and they were building in Venezuela some mobile mobile healthcare units that were costing about $150,000 a piece these put them in rural areas where they treat minor injuries and you know small bump break bones and stuff they then I think that every unit was for about $250,000 because after things there you made it where you don't have clinics you're going to have hospitals one of the people who from the new city did something very similar what you guys just did over there took a very you know kind of objective and both parts figure what it caused to bring the Pope to Venezuela for three days and stay there and he came out with a conclusion that we could have had 20 or those of you on it yeah built and yeah old but he said we had to poke down there yeah right and that's for it's that it is the study what can I tell you on the other hand to a lot of the people who call you're show or listen to your show probably will be very difficult to believe that's when you call and wait your turn to talk all day ask you is what city you're calling from right you say he's got doesn't have any idea if he's going to be if you're going to be a green with you or disagree with whatever you say that's right we'd I don't believe in screening calls and I don't believe in that contrived crap that they do on some shows where they try to egg the car or in oh it's a lot more exciting if you disagree you know that kind of crap we don't put on a stage show here for the audience we just let people call in whatever they say you know as long as it's interesting and it's fine with me and I would like to know how come during the morning at this you know on and off that been listened to your show how come I heard so few people disagree what you're saying I mean what is this is that the silent majority didn't say anything well I think the majority does disagree with what's going on here and I don't think majority of people are happy about having to pay for a you know for symbolism because that's all there's trip is you know it's amazing to me the Catholic Church is so big on symbols and they've brainwashed so many of their membership and the being big on symbols so you know the fact that people are starving to death or sleeping on sidewalks or freezing to death or you know we have all of the hunger and third world countries that doesn't get nearly as much excitement as when you know there's a symbolic thing going on like the Pope is going to you know run around with the schmoth is on in Miami or LA or wherever the hell it's going to be then people get all excited because they've been brainwashed and they've already been trained to worship symbols and symbolic things I don't think the amount of people are going to see that is going to be to do that you know I went to university of Michigan that's staying in the football stadium they can hold over a hundred thousand people and every week we have football game was bad boy I think oh and nobody was being holy or anything like that yeah on the other hand I really want to congratulate you guys and please don't give up I mean you can stand have to stay there okay it makes people like me feel much better when we hear somebody's air in the old you know at least I will not say I don't know I hope you are right but at least we have a way of saying what we feel about the whole thing okay if it stands out there now he's wondering around with Michael Talbot somewhere I like to know who was that sexy boy to have the show here today I rocked out of the hilltop you he's got the pictures okay that's all he wanted I'm telling you with those pictures now he's got him and that'll be the last one here of her