He said, you're able to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in, and it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. When some swam, he'll try to put me down and say, I said, you have a larger congregation. I tell him right away, now listen here, the thinking, your hood of my show, it's number one in the nation. All the peace, give a dollar for so many people. You're all yours. I'm last night, it's for you, tell you, you're yours. I'm last night, it's for you, you're yours. Conference is high. Can I wait to W.I. and Z, and I say, you're my boy, I'm not going to be here tomorrow. I'll tell you that. Mike Spindell is going to be here tomorrow. In fact, Mike was in here, and the happy birthday to Mike Spindell. Today's his birthday. But boy, I think tomorrow he'll probably, well, he'll regret it, right? Unbelievable. Don't ever reason I say that is because I just know. I just know for whatever reason that this weekend is going to be an unmitigated disaster. I can feel it in my bone. I should have known yesterday when everything fell into place and everything was working out to good. That today would be one of those depressing, morbid days. And I want to remind you, by the way, that this weekend, we want you to listen a lot because on Monday, I think we're unplugging all the equipment. And just we're going into a state of limbo. We're going to bring in Chubby Chekker to do the limbo rock here at Wins. Well, this business folks, I'm telling you, it's so tempting, you know? It is so tempting to get into a big thing, but I'm not going to do it until about 10. 30. Anyway, we've got four open hours today and I must confess. I set my VCR and when I came home, surprise, it didn't go off. So I didn't see Larry King last night. So I don't even know what the question is. I also discover much to my astonishment that Jerry Falwell was on with Ted Coppola's night again. Can that be possible? Can it be true? Of course not. But that's what I'm told. And in the mail this morning, I'm a little disappointed. I thought we'd be inundated. All of the station mail hasn't come in yet. That will be in a little while. We're bringing that with a pony from the Carol City Post Office. I thought we'd be inundated with $40 checks for so far for your own boon box. But so far, we haven't seen the first one. I guess I'll audience just as ninda that kind of stuff, right? They wouldn't even know what it was. And if you look at the expression on Pat's face, it looks like he's not sure what it is either, but that's another story. We'll get into that later. One of the great pieces of mail I got at home yesterday. Wait till you hear this. Guess who this is from. Now this will lighten up your day a little bit. Look at the masthead. It's from the Miami Harold. And it's one of... It's one of those letters that looks like it's so personal. But you know something? It's the same word for word. It's the same letter that everybody else has been sending me. Signed, allegedly, signed to Capeon. Because I do my business of course under my real name, so it... They don't owe me from Mochi Puppek. I guess if it was Neil Rogers, they probably would not have sent the letter. Begging me to reconsider and do subscribe to the Harold. Don't forget, Father's Day is coming up. What is it next weekend? Do something good for Dad. Cancel is Harold's subscription this year. Just think the load off is back. It'll take on those wet days when the Harold is all soggy. And if we'll have 20 pounds of water. Because the Harold delivery boys don't even twist the ends of the plastic to keep the water out. In fact, some days the water is the best part of the paper. What happens when you throw that out? Do they recycle that? Do we make them into trees again or something? What do they do with that? No? Can we do it in reverse? Can we make the Harold and do pine trees? And do something with that? Here comes a great message. And by the way, when you call Kyle today, he is ready to just attack. And I don't blame him. They bury it in the landfill. Well, we have the best informed landfill of anywhere in America. I'll take it that because people are throwing out the hurt left and right. They're just going nuts. Anyway, I did not see a Jim and Tammy on with Larry King. I didn't see it. So I feel like I've really been remiss like I really left the audience down. And if you believe that, you'll believe almost anything. Isn't that great? I get my own letter from the capen. Or that's exciting. And then is that enough? Yes, today, when I was going to the store, it must have been about 20 to 4. And I turned on Daffy Show and sure enough, you know, it's always unfortunate when these things happen and they get out. When they're not supposed to, there's no pleasant way when somebody leaves and somebody else is coming in. There's always got to be a little scene. And I've all week long kept my mouth shut about that business. But, you know, here it is in the newspapers and then, of course, all these people are calling in yesterday. And so I'm just going to tell you, you're a father, you're a nice, many kind of guy. You know, I'm responsible for everything. Anything that you all farce don't like, I'm responsible for it. You know, that's the amazing thing. And assure you, what a great paper the sun sent, is speaking of newspapers. Listen to this, page 2A in this morning's paper and that people section, where they have all these wonderful little, you know, is a door, in fact, it's right under P. Isadora, new shock announcer, it says. In a move that shows the strength of shock radio, W-I-N-Z-7-90-A-M. I'm talking to these people of the Sun sent in a large salada touch with what's going on in the real world that it's unbelievable. I had sharp tongue talk host, Stan Major, and dumped Isuary at a broadcast or tapping a column, and two hours of afternoon news. The station is at tremendous success with its Neo Rogers talk show. Rogers, the premier local shock radio host, is you, the mix of insults and sexual in you windows, to propel him to the top ratings in Miami. Major will broadcast from 2-6 PM Daily, starting June 8 following Rogers show. Major is controversial, he generates issues and could become an issue himself said, Mark, W-I-N-Z's program director, and of quote, If we moved our spot on the dial, is W-I-N-Z gone off? I don't blame him. If you had the stuff they have on the air, you'd shut it off too. I mean, when Mike Thompson is trying to be a comedian, then you know, it's all over. I mean, desperate, he's about as funny as terminal cancer. It's unreal. Shocked shocks. I mean, the people of the Sun sent in will don't even know where the station is on the dial, but they've got an opinion. I said that before opinions are like noses, everybody's got one. So for all the little bags out there that one, oh, he did it. First he pushed out Kathy West, and now he pushed out that thing, and next he's going to push out somebody else, and now he's just terrible. Like I have something to do with management. We don't even know where the hell management is, much less having anything to do with him. We don't even know, not only don't we know where they are, we don't know who they are. How do you like that? Remember that saying about neurofiddling while Rome was burning? I mean, we don't even know where the heck these people are. As a matter of fact, and I don't want to get into a big thing about this on the air, but it is a kind of humorous, in a very sick way. There is becoming a great similarity between the WI and ZAMS sale staff and the New York Mets pitching staff. They're all under disabled list. Of course, some of them were under disabled list before, right before they left, mentally disabled. But that's another story. Man, this market, I'm telling you, and then that story about Mike McKegig, it's fired at Hot 105, and they, within the last month or two, they fired almost the whole staff over there, haven't they? Of course, we saw those numbers. That's they, shins really, it's fulfilling the promise I gave for it last year, not so hot 105. But it'll be okay when they change the callators to WI OR and they bring in those automation tapes, then it'll be good. Then Lee can start worrying. He won't have that security blanket of life hanging around his neck with that nine-share. And have that wonderful music at the back on that elevator music boy, I'll be great. I think that's what we need all over the dial and software to the hell with all this shock radio. I mean, if this is shock radio boy, we're in for big trouble. Is that buddy Nevenz? Is that the guy who writes that crap at the Sun Sentinel? Is that who it is? Does anybody know? Does anybody care? Does anybody care to know? I don't. I mean, I do get the Sun Sentinel every day, but only on a protest. Do you know what I usually do? I pick it up in the yellow bag and I throw it in the trash. I really mean that. There's nothing to read in it. There's no news. There are only ads. There are a lot of ads. If you're like Danny Faye, if you love the shop man, you'll love the Sun Sentinel. I mean, if you love K-Mart or TJ Maxx or Zayr, you'll just love the Sun Sentinel. I'm sure she got all that jewelry that she wears at TJ Maxx, right? It must be paste. But you're only making a couple of million-year. You can't afford the real stuff. She can't afford to go to Mayers. I understand that Bob Mayer is involved in that story. It's the only jewelry store in town where you have to sit on a phone book when you look at the displays. It's incredible. Can you imagine Bob Mayer and Mike Thompson doing a two-man show? They'd have to get phone directories from the 10 biggest American cities that prop those two guys up, only kidding. Bob Mayer is not a bad guy. As far as Thompson's concerned, what can I say? Okay, listen, I don't really know what we're going to do here today because I'm just totally, I'm Tomar, I'm going to talk to Colter. The track is opening up. I haven't seen my pass yet by the way. I don't want to start belly aching about that, but I haven't seen any pass for Colter. One thing I must say about Colter race course is that, who does public relations and publicity over there? Is there anybody over there or is it kind of like our sales department? I mean, you can't complain about our sales department because we don't have one. Right? It's a true story, I'm not joking yet. We're here as a pubic service now. Public radio for South Florida. W-I-N-Z. We could get Jim Quello in here from his W-J-R days. We've a lot of dead air. He liked it air. W-J-R. Detroit. The Great Voice of the Great Lakes was kind of like putting you into a coma. And, you know, they were pumping out that 50,000 watts in JP McCarthy. We just make it all at money and his golden tones and doing all those car commercials. It was great. Those were the good days. When you can drive over to Biff's and get a great hamburger and go over to Hazel Park and win about 7800 in a couple of hours and just to have a great time. Those were the good old days. This is garbage. This sucks. In fact, I'm getting up and leaving right now. You don't know how tempting it is, man. You have no idea. Every day is like the first day. How do you feel today, folks? You're in a good mood. You want to play the game today. You want to talk or not? I think I'm going to play that whole fallwell tape. You know, yesterday we did get three hours out of it. I was joking about that. But then after the show had dawned on me, that we managed to stretch the one four-minute segment into the whole first three hours of the show is a miracle. It was a miracle from above. So what we need to hear, of course, in the first part of the show today is from people who did their homework last night, unlike me. And again, you know, I'm sure every one of you who has a VCR has had it happen on more than one occasion. The problem, and I have one of those that is programmable on the screen, and I got that big screen. You got to be pretty dumb, not to do it right and have it go off, but it just didn't fire. It was kind of like Jim Baker in that room with Jessica Han, it just didn't fire. And you're home, and it's still sitting there. You know, it hasn't done anything. It's in that impotent position, and I didn't see that, and I didn't know I had no idea that couple was going to have another segment of the soap opera. I mean, that's just unbelievable. There are so shameless that it's unspeakable. Look at those lines, man, they're going nuts. Do you believe it? Do we want to talk to them? Not necessarily, huh? Or is that what that's about? Oh, I don't care. I'll be happy to hang up on all those people. What is that? Is that all of them calling right now? Twenty minutes past ten at WI and Z, let's get over with the frivolity and the light stuff, and let's get to the real show that's coming up in just a second shock radio, according to the Sun Sentinel. Stan Major will be really honored to know that he is also a shock-jog. Now, here's a guy doesn't even know who Stan Major is. I'm sure it doesn't even know who I am or where the station is on a dial, but it's shock radio. In date county, six, two, four. Oh, one, all the bakers were not on with King last night. See, my VCR is so modern that it knows ahead of time the program content and if what you're trying to tape doesn't come on, it just doesn't move. It sits there. That's great technology. Man, those Japanese, they're unbelievable. I'm telling you. It's a good thing that they're not planning to attack us again, are they? You saw those guys who were up here yesterday, those engineering types? Twenty-one past ten at WI and Z, let me give those numbers again because all the lines are flashing. I have no idea why. Two, four, oh, one, nine, one, and day, seven, six, four, oh, seven, oh, seven, and a broad will come right back. Did you miss out last weekend? I'm Bob Koviewni, publisher of Outhouse Magazine, and this month in Outhouse, see, the totally new start-buck naked pictures of evangelist Jim Baker. That's right. We've caught Mr. PTO doing his own kind of missionary work with a treacherous little prayer partner in a totally hot, see through French made outfit. Yes. Crystal clear blackmail and white photos of the sin-sational encounter that melted Tommy's mascara and put her on the road to Pukedan Village, USA. Think of your cup of mouth and see little Jimmy when his last six commandment breaking performance as he tries to convert his delicious disciple with a very special laying on a van. Just look for the headline it says, Bible something Jim Go, nails a foxy bimbo exclusively this month in Outhouse Magazine. 25 past 10. That's how the like the noises that Larry King makes. I understand he was upset last night, but Jim and Tammy Faye just couldn't handle it again. Tammy was so upset after nightline that she couldn't take one more round of it. Kind of like Jessica Hansen drove. You know, after the first two rounds, she didn't want to go to round three. Okay, we've got several open lines in day. We had a lot of action there on a phone, but not too much. I don't know what they're doing. They've all got little messages and other nourish quite that they're doing. 624-01-91 to all our English speaking friends in Dave County. Boca, good morning. Good morning, yes sir. Congratulations on one of the best shows I ever heard anybody do much less here at Good Work. Yes, he was in Gruddle. Yeah, yesterday was a great show. That's why they've all got everybody's depressed here today. It was too good, you know. It's the tough thing got to come back to earth. Did anybody keep a master of that? No. I was in the car all day. I would have taken some of it at home. But listen, once I listened to Tammy after I don't know how to hold man's up street hitting yesterday. Yes. And she actually she answered the questions about why she's leaving with class. She didn't blame you at all. She said it's all a number of game and management realizes that provocative radio. And it's quite a lot more interesting than her, you know, extreme right wing. I've said that she really, she was quite the way to yesterday. No, I think she is all the way around. I think she's handled it. It's unfortunate that, you know, some idiot in the audience, I want to mention this kid's name on the air, but we do have a hit, I'll order it on him. But called her at home. This is a kid who's interfering in this entire business in the market. And I'm telling you, if this kid makes it to the age of 20, it'll be a miracle. Carter at home to tell her that she was going to lose her job. And this is why all of this has come out, you know, in a very unfortunate way, but in spite of that, and in spite of the real mess that it's all turned into, I agree. She has handled it like a lady and with class. And I don't, I don't, however, any ill-feely stored to read all and spite of what a lot of those colors have to say. We've always got along very well off the year. It's just that, you know, philosophically I disagree. And I don't, you know, think basically that she's a part of what it is that we're trying to do on a station in terms of talk, but that isn't her fault. You know, she is what she is. That's true. Instant nature is coming in. He was the first person ever heard that I'm interested in talk radio. You guys are going to be a quinoa that's a U-blow everybody out of the water with this. If he hasn't lost what he had, he was down here, but five or six years ago, and I went to Philadelphia and he's quite an act. There was a plate, one of your listeners, you know, got quite a few laps. They think there's going to be another telephone download some of the other stuff that they had and already sold up at her to village. Yeah. Yeah. He played your eyes out from David Letterman, the Baptist, was a cozy and kind of our kind of surprise stuff like that. Really? You mean we've got a rip off artist in the audience? Yeah, really. Some of your listeners might be interested in a plate, but it's got a thing in the, you know, I just got it. The world according to Jim and Tammy have sexer people from a lot of their books. And one thing says Tammy explains the miracle of the house trailer. We've prayed and asked God to give us one e to buy a trailer. We took this meeting in Virginia and watched Virginia at a tiny church up in the mountains. God began to bless and move. We started praying for the trailer and that meeting in people put a hundred thousand, a hundred thousand dollars bills in the offering force. We were embarrassed because we had been putting 20 and 30 in the bank. Now God was performing a miracle and giving us the most money we'd ever had in our lives. The next week we purchased a 30, the most beautiful 30 foot holiday rewere trailer possible. That sounds like it was the start of it. You know, the, yeah. This is like the Fernando and I'm not a market of televisor origin. You'll be pleased to know by the way that somebody in the audience was kind enough to make me a t-shirt today. It says the P.T.L. is so well. Great. I just think any, I know I don't want to cry, but I'm so much to know. I'm sure the college has got to do. But I think anybody who would follow you and Tammy and you know that they're going to be, you know, the, the people are just, you know, want to with themselves and to appreciate about it. But I think they should have to register themselves as idiots through willing to be controlled by Charlton. Oh, yeah, I think it's great. I've gone to complete turnaround on this. You know, I used to get very upset about it, but in the case of them, especially, but even the other ones, even fall well and the swaggered all the fall well as a lot of people said is really a dangerous and an nasty guy. But as far as the bakers are concerned and swagger, you know, they're incredible actors and they put on a great show and the people are suckers and they want to be ripped off and I say more power to them. If people are that stupid that even now they're continuing to send in millions of dollars, I say more power to them. That's what America is all about is the great rip off. Well, I think fall is biggest fear. He quoted the other day I watched his news conference. He said there are 518,000 people sending in money to PTO and I think he's afraid to put his own self that they're holding will be shut down if he has enough of this space and is long enough. Yeah, well, my way to it's bad for business. Yes, that's what I've been saying all along. It's bad for business. That's why anchor bird got on there and that's why fall will get son. I mean, you know, when you really sit down and you listen to the things that fall will was repeating the conversations, it's like he's reading for the National Enquirer. Oh, really. Oh, God, follow officer. They've got a vaccine scene in his office and he said using one of our own planes. You know, he doesn't fight commercial and stuff like it. You know, we're sending people up like the old woman and The people just don't seem to care. Yeah, well, more power to him. I'm all for Jim and Tammy. Let's have a very weak and the call or boy your brains up to bring them a couple hundred. Okay. Thanks a lot. Man is called into inform us that the nightline show with Ted couple two nights ago that when 40 minutes over, I thought it was going to be an hour, but it really was only going to be a half hour. And they went over 40 minutes. It got a 40 share. You understand what we're saying folks a 40 share for a program that comes on at 11 30 at night. And was on until 12 40 in the morning Eastern time. Some believeable can't deal with it. Folks. I can't cope with it. Homestead. Hello. Hi. Hi. I know. Entertainment tonight. Yeah. Better. It was good. I will grant you that it was better than Mary Hart. Yeah. Well, I got to make this quick as I'm paying for it from home said, but my army Harold woke us up this morning at seven o'clock in the morning. Someone that sounded like my grandmother because we had canceled our subscription. And he tried to convince my husband for about 10 minutes. And finally he said, well, we always light. We always light. We always tolerated the Harold until they did that Gary Hart stuff. And then we just wanted to address it anymore. She said, it's all right. So I subscribe again already. You know, but we couldn't. You know, so we have not the phone. They called you at seven in the morning. Seven in the morning. They must know we have school days kids or something. What about your animals? But anyway, we still buy it at the seven eleven sometimes. You know, and there's an I did buy this morning. And the lead on the weekend says, FCC rule no joke to Carlin. And it's not. I saw that. So maybe you'll be able to get him on a phone or something. Yeah, we're trying. Oh fantastic. That's the only reason I called him. You know, always loved him. And like listening to you, of course. So be great to hear the two of you together. We're working on it. Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. By the way, the strategic radio research company in Chicago took a poll. This was a little bit of this was in the paper a few days ago. The vast majority of the listeners across the nation said no when asked are there any disjockeys in your city that particularly offend you by the language they use. Only 12% said yes 84% said no. With virtually all of the topics tested, women were more likely to find a subject offensive than men. According to their survey of a thousand 14 interviews all over the country, which I think might be mildly interesting not real exciting, but mildly interesting. Then I have a copy of the May issue of free thought today for Madison Wisconsin. This is the magazine at Anne Gailer and the Freedom from Religion people put out. And this is great. It has story after story including the one I read yesterday about fall while accused of raising 3.2 million for famine relief and suit. And they never fed anybody. And it just filled it's a whole newspaper filled with these incredible stories. Letty Ward 34 was convicted by a Missouri jury of breaking the arms and legs of six children under 18 months of age at the church operated we serve humanity daycare center. Former high school chaplain Thomas Paul Bradley 26 with charge charged with abducting and murdering a 26 year old law school bound waitress Tracy D. Schultland Bradley was described as friendly and very religious. And it's just the whole magazine is just filled with this stuff. From all over the country. From places that haven't been invented yet. Okay, as the show goes on, I'm going to share as they say on certain programs, I'm going to share some of this with you because I know you're just to adapt to answer on the ceiling. Dear field, good morning. Good morning, Neil. How you doing? Super, Harry. Well, to just continue a little report here on another figure that you have in touch on yet this morning. I used to get a little bit of not offended but bothered by you ripping other talk show hosts. And this week I don't blame you for doing it whatsoever. I was listening to Alex yesterday. Really? And he used a word tankling. He was talking about somebody had called to compliment him and he was talking to Mike Thompson. He goes, oh yeah, I just went on. He was just tinkling all over me. Now I realize that that's not anything that you have to copyright either anything. But that's sort of identifyable with Neil Rogers. Yeah, that kid hasn't got an original thought in his brain. I'm very involved somebody subhuman. Yeah, yeah, and he was doing a thing about the tidy bull man that day before. Yeah, yeah, I don't think you should rip him on multiple. Of course, this afternoon he's doing something very original between five and seven. I'm delighted he's doing it better him than us. He's doing a dating show between five and seven every Friday. That's a brand new concept, huh? Somebody also called in to say that Mike Thompson repeated the Polish joke that I told on the area yesterday. I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised. No originality over there whatsoever. None whatsoever. And Louie had an interesting show on this morning. I listened to it for about five minutes. You had a choice of, would you rather shoot your father, your mother, your kid or something like that? Oh, that's good. Oh, yeah. It was charm. It was some of about who do you want to let out? I want to say good morning to Mike Thompson, by the way, Mike's a big fan of this show. He does put a screen over the speaker in the radio though, so he won't catch anything when he listened to this program. Some people are very public. Yeah. All right. Now have a good day. Me too. Hi, I'm doing Mike. How many phone books are you sitting on this morning, baby? 23 before 11. At WI&Z, we have an open line in Broward, and El Paso Catholic priest accused of buying sexual favors from a 23 year old man with $1,300 in church funds. Won't be prosecuted because the money has been paid back in the priest is in counseling according to USA today. The Newark Star Ledger reports that Roman Catholic priest Timothy Brennan 46, pleaded Yieldy-de-sexual conduct with a 15 year old male student at the Perfuel School, where he served as guidance counselor theology teacher he was placed on probation. The Scranton Times reports that Reverend Roger J. Trott 42, a Roman Catholic priest, was sentenced to five years probation, and fined $10,000 after pleading Yieldy to corrupting the morals of a minor for a sexual gratification. He is required to take psychiatric treatment. He admitted he took advantage of alter boys at the St. John De La Sal Church in Delmont. He also molested them when he took them on outings to thank them for their service to the church. Thank you so much. What should we do take the Davy call next? Cause I think this is going to be a good one. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. The last priest was hot to trot. Hot to trot. In fact, he's going to be running at Pompano, this October young. So what have five to three? Anyway, you have to hear about this the only reason I know that I was a guy at 9 o'clock on snooze, Jerry Wichner. Jerry Wichner. Okay. I was trying to get away from the ballgame on my way home last night and looking around the dial. And I heard him talking so I stopped and listened for a second. And at exactly 9, 16, he said you were a large pile of flavor. Then mumble something about he can handle the criticism. But he would like the opportunity to take his fish. Shove it down, you throw it grab you by the ass and turn you inside out. I thought you would like to know that that was at 9, 17. He made that last day. I want to tell you something right now. If you took away the 357 Magnum from Jerry Wichner, he is the biggest wimp that ever stepped foot on the face of this earth. I'm sure, but I thought you would like to know the kind of thing. In addition to which I have no idea what that's in response to other than his general, you know, run of the mill redneck mentality. I don't know what he's talking about. He has he flipped his wager what? He's was mumbling something about your ripping him on the radio and that he didn't say, you know, you were nothing but a big crowd lover. And last day, I was at 9, 17. I looked at the clock in the car and I got to make a record of this in my mind. So I can tell me, oh, that was the last part of my turn. You went out out. I was a star. And I said, yeah, he could do that. I can fly without wings. Yeah. But I thought, well, you know, that's that macho, you know, that wonderful redneck macho mentality. I want to get him in a bar and you know, turn him inside out and put his footwear and his mouth things and all that other good stuff. And that's terrific talk. Is he in carry of pieces of that? Of course. Are you serious? Oh, okay. What is that? That's a bad example. You bet. Wonderful. Well, you let him, you let him come for you when he gets within 12 feet. I'll take the gun away and then you can have him. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. How do you got to do his pull juries wigg off boy. And he just freaks out. It's 17 before 11 at W. Y. And Z. We have an open line at Brownard 764-07077. What's going on all of a sudden today? Yesterday was too good. See yesterday was a Thursday which was supposed to be bad because we had had three Thursdays in a row that were less than spectacular yesterday. We just fell into it. I'll confess that. I'm not taking any credit for anything that happened yesterday except good luck. And we just fell into it. Everything fell into place. We had a great show yesterday. So I should have known that today we just going to be kind of like four hours of this content. Miami. Hello. Hey, New. Yes. No one. I won't take any shots of the camping. Happy. Okay. I can barely hear you. Are you whispering? Is this, uh? Yes. Basically. Okay. I won't take any shots of the camping because I'm just happy that she's not going to be there. I agreed with a lot of what she used to say. Yeah. But once that program aired, forget it. Just can handle that. We were two. I was wondering if I go out and rob I will. I will. Can we get it to, um, Gary Paul. Well, I get forgiveness and I'll be able to use something. Oh, absolutely. No, probably even bond you out. Haha. I enjoyed the program. Okay. Good luck. Good luck to you, sir. Thank you. Okay. Just hope you get the truck that's got the most money on it. Also, the New York star ledger. They seemed to have an epidemic of this over there in that part of the country. Roman Catholic priest Richard Galdon 56 pleaded guilty to molesting more than a dozen Perocule school boys ranging an age from 10 to 12 while assigned to a Newark church. All victims were students at our lady of good council Perocule school. Galdon served as chaplain to three boy scout troops and participated in outings. What have I told you about those boy scout troops? Haven't I always told you that? Reverend Edwards de Fonnich was charged in February. This according to the Clarence and Hills progress and Chicago Sun times with two counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse of a 15 year old female student at St. Scholastic Alarcy Church in Woodridge. According to the girl's diary, the priest offered to run away with her after his conduct was disclosed. The priest was a suspect in an unsolved 1982 murder case. 16 guns were found in his rectory after his recent arrest. The while Kigan news son reports that Catholic church worker Ronald Chris 50 of Chicago was charged with the yearlong series of assaults on four altar boys at a west suburban Cicero church. She molested boys in his home after promising to show them his collection of baseball cards. On believable police began investigations after a teacher saw one of the young victims draw a picture of a man in a boy having sex. Chris used his position as an unpaid lay minister. What? To be friend alter boys, can you say lay minister on the air? I don't think so. I'd be real cautious about that. The New York Daily News reports that Randall Ring 19 accoutured a perokial boys basketball team and a state parole officer was charged with satimizing a 13 year old member of the basketball team in Queens. It's 14 before 11 at WINZ and let's go to Del Rey. Hi Neil. Hi. After I think that priest was quoted as saying after the baseball card trick came through for him. I think he said the Bayes of Ball has been very good to me. But I wanted to. Did you happen to kiss this morning? Jesse Jackson was on on that would have ruined my whole day. Are you cereal? What is he want? Jesse Jackson was on Philadelphia this morning. What is he hoped to be? He hoped to be president. Or maybe president. Or at the very least the near do well. He's already that. He's pathetic. But he's the front runner. So I don't know what you can say about it. But I thought you might have had your VCR set for that. It was pretty tragic. My VCR knows. Now I understand it's got a brain of memory. And I never realized that until this moment. But now it knows when Jesse comes on and immediately has a shut off. She read what common sense. He's got a chip in there. The other day I was flipping around on the stations. And I turned on the 700 club and there's a little smiling pet Robertson. And guess who the newest addition is to that memory of religion. Susan Howard, the girl that played Donna Crabbs on Dallas, who got axed. I never watched the show. She was the headline ladies on there. She got taken off the show at the end of the season. And now she's doing the 700 club. That's not a big change. Dallas to the 700 club. You know, in light of all the things that have happened in religion. Yeah. What I did right in the other. You are too. Well, this you'll find this interesting. Did you you don't ever listen to co-cell, do you? No, never. Did you hear that moon beam? Who he picked for the competition for in the next race? Well, it was a week from tomorrow, the pre-kiss. No, the Belmont. Come on, I'm sorry. Goalch. And what is it? Hey, these comment or hey, hey, these copy. Those are the two verses he likes. You think he's out on the limb there or he's? Well, I mean, that really takes a lot of brilliance. They both won in New Jersey last, you know, a couple of days ago. Last Sunday or whatever day it was. You know, and I guess New Jersey is close enough to New York. That anybody who wins in New York has got to win the Belmont. You know what I'm saying? That's right. Well, you have to trust me, plunge your brains out on Leo Castile with Santos. You know, after all, after Carpetal Mitchell. Tell your house. They show. I'll tell you something. I didn't, you know, I used to listen to another station who used to rip you apart all the time. Which one is that? There is another station? The weather was. And I always used to, you know, like an idiot, just like you without a We're having listen to you. So since you've come on days, I started listening to you. And I found myself to become a hardcore New Rogers fan. Hardcore, huh? Hardcore, especially after you get to get pet food. Next time you go out to a park and eat yourself. Box flunches. I'm going to tell you what I want to do. All right. But I'm not going to wait. All of this would be unfair. What I'm going to do is the people who've already, if anybody did send in their $40 check. Right. I mean, this may open up a real Pandora's box. Anybody sent the $40 check. What we'll do is we'll wait because we've ordered 100 copies of the Pandora of the hustler from January 84. And what we'll do is we'll wait till they come in and we'll send them a Virgin copy. Okay. Because we want to be fair to them. If you pardon that expression. But anybody else, because I'm in such a foul mood today, not really. It's just a strange day. Anybody else wants their own boon box. Just said it's a stamp self-adrest novel. We'll send you a copy free. You don't even need to send a donation to so far. How's that for generosity? That's a big thing. We can put this guy in a map. We'll send half out of the track tomorrow. Okay. See you later. In one of the pictures I hear that Pad is wearing Jerry Wichner's wig. And you ought to see where he's wearing it. Unbelievable. So if you want a free copy. Okay. We want to bring Pad back. We want to put him on the map. He hasn't had a hit in so many years. That it's enough to make you want to cry. On the day, like to the day. Someday we hope to finally tell our story. A story of two sinners saved by great. We passed the time away. Writing on the other day. And we'll be there. I have never been to a prostitute. And I am not born. I've ever been a homosexual. When I cry. Each time I saw the time. Take a look. Okay. All you got to do is send me a stamped self-addressed envelope. Now those if you have sent the 40 bucks. Probably nobody did. You think so? We'll find out in about 10 minutes when a male comes in. But we don't want to be on the fair. So we'll send the people who make the donations. The virgin copies. Because there is a big difference between the actual copies out of the magazine. You can count the pubic here's on that picture almost. And of course the copy isn't quite as graphic. I guess although unless you're just oblivious. It's pretty easy to see what's in the box. But anyway if you like your own boom box. Just send your stamped self-addressed envelope to boonbox. Carre of Neal Rogers W.I.N.Z. Miami. We could be opening up a Pandora's box with this huh? Monday the mail may come pouring in here. That's boonbox. Carre of Neal Rogers W.I.N.Z. Miami 33055. Be the first one in your neighborhood. With your very own personal. Pat boonbox. Holder pass. Just a little hint every year I have to do that. I don't know why. It's embarrassing isn't it? Of course those of us in this business we have no shame. Roman Catholic priest Gustavo Benson according to the San Bernardino son. Age 40. Pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of child molestation involving a 13 year old alter boy. At St. Joseph's Catholic church in Barstow, California. He was to be sentenced in May and is undergoing a church sponsored rehab program in New Mexico. He originally maintained his innocence when he was accused of molesting two boys. Well a few of those each hour because they're just chalkful and he's all within the last couple of months. By the way, this is not a list of isolated events that have happened over the last 20 years. These are stories that have come out of newspapers in this country over the last two or three months. Miami. Hello. Hello. I don't bless you sir. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to start saying that I'm on a car radio though. I don't want to wait for long. Okay. The whole has time you wait and wait an hour. You know what the thing is to do? Get a little one of those little horns you know that like Clarabel used to have one of those little honkers. And then it sounded like you're too near horn and we'll believe you're in the car. Really? Listen, um, what? Are you on 9.40? The last time we looked, but according to the Sun Sentinel, we're on 7.90. What do they know? I don't care. I can't get arrested. It'll move the church to witness the print media going to there. Show the stupidity of the people in print media. Not only don't they know what they're writing about. They don't even know where to find us on the dial. I'm tired. I don't know. Anyway, it's fine to say that we like you so. Yesterday, um, we had a customer's door at the cell one and he was from Venezuela. He couldn't believe the kind of stuff that we do here in America. Yeah, well. He also said that he had a buck. Oh, like I said, tell him he's a great men as well and we love his money. Okay. Have a good weekend. Well, I can't believe it. I'm just another three hours and I'll have a whole weekend off. You know how long it's been since I've had two whole days off. It's been like an eternity. And tomorrow of course, I'll go out and lose a couple of thousand. That'll make it worthwhile, right? Maybe I'll to reconsider. Wait a minute, we got the list of the weekend shows. That ought to be good. Now if you think anybody can read that. Glenn wrote the list in Sanskrit on a blackboard. That's good. I mean, in tiny little letters, Ernie is having the adjuice commander. What is that? A campally always not Jewish. Ernie is having Goyam on this week. Okay, write it on your calendar. Folks put in your diary. That's like the last time the Shirley Peters had a straight guest on her show, right? Ernie is having, I'm serious. He's having Goyam on this week. In honor of Easter, well, better late than ever, Ernie. Mike Spendell. Let's see his Mike's guest, Jewish? No. What is that? You expect me to read that John one? Read it. Read it. Even you can't read it. Oh, he's Jewish. That's good. Thank God for that. Well, we don't want to start a pattern now. A trend. Author of the Insiders book of the Benson family members. What is that? Robby Benson's life story? Oh, murderous. Oh, that's good. And then Marshall, Laura, Corey, so you know, it makes no difference to read Marshall's guest names. Because although he does have that one guest that I love, what's that guy's name? He's got that one guy with that incredible name that I think Marshall just makes up. Oh, it'll come to me in the next hour. Does anybody know who I'm talking about? Does anybody listen to Marshall's show? Now, nobody here, listen to him. We don't have any money. If we had money, we would listen. Oh, yeah. He's got that one guy who's got that incredible name. Maybe Kyle. Oh, that's it. I'm telling you, Kyle is just, he's incredible. He's unbelievable. Anything you mention. If you talk about the color of a sweater that somebody's wearing in Peoria today on a 14th street, he can tell you, never make junkin'. That's my favorite boy. You got to have guts to go on the air with a guest who's got a name like Nevermick Junkin. Who's selling people commodities and stocks and stuff like that? Would you buy stocks from a guy named a junkin'? That's incredible. So that's the, uh, wins weekend boy. It looks like a real winner. Glenn's gonna be here in the morning, is he? You are. Is tomorrow your last Saturday morning? Oh, two more. Boy, okay. Brace yourselves, folks. Okay. Mike Wolf is here with a local and area news headlines. World news from CBS at the top of the hour. Don't forget, get your envelope in the mail now. Be the first in your neighborhood to have your own boom box. Just send two boom box. Care of Neil Rogers, W-I-N-Z, Miami, 33055. And get your hands on your very own copy before it's too late. They weighed the Orange County California Register reports that Richard M. Bush, a school board trustee one time citizen of the air and national vice chair of the Catholic scout committee during his 45 years of scouting has confessed that he sexually molested a child 60 to 70 times over eight years. The 61 year old family man started molesting the boy when he was 12 years old. He said, Jera, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. You promised in Palm Springs on March 17. I said, Jera, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in and it was for the record. I said, Jera, here's what I want to say to you. When some swam me, I'll try to point out and say, see how the larger congregation. I never write a way down, listen here, I could think it your hood of my show, it's number one in the nation. All the space give a dollar for so many. You're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star. 11 o'clock in the morning, you see, you're out just here until two dampy will be long from two to four this afternoon. And we do have one open line in Broward where somebody just expired. Only moments ago, one of those alter boys couldn't handle it. 764, I'll resist. I was going to say that one of the priest wanted to handle it for him, but that would have been terrible. 764-0707 will start this hour in Kendall. Hello. Good for you, pal. Great. Good for you, pal. Great. God will sound in Kendall. He's got his little machine out again this morning. Hollywood. Good morning, Neil. Hi. Hi. I have a point of information if you're interested. I just found out that Miami Harrow has a special rate, which is half of the amount that people pay for their subscription. And if you want the number and the address where to send it, the people who are still subscribing will pay her or what they normally pay for the year. Are you interested? No, I don't want to promote people. I don't care what the rate is. I want to promote a case. That they would be losing half the amount of money the Miami Harrow and I thought that made it. Oh, I see. In other words, when they read what they send it to this particular address, they will pay half of what they normally pay for the year. Why is that? I don't understand that. It seems that this is a secret. And no one is supposed to know about it. And to being there, I happened to call up and want to know why they were selling it for half price on the street with the new subscription. They said that they had this, but they did not advertise it to regular subscribers. Oh, if you are interested. Well, let's go ahead. I mean, more power to you. It's the Miami Harrow. Yeah. Host office box 5, 9, 9, 4th, 4th, 4th, 4th, 6th, 3, 3, 3, 0, 2. And the next bill, if they send $53 and $30, for the year, they will be saving half price and they will be losing half of what they normally get because it's over $106 a year. Normally every three months, if you pay every three months. So they will be losing half of their profits. And I thought it would be interesting being they had that terrible article in the past. But it will be $4.5.99. 3, 3, 3, 0, 2. I have the amount to be sent. $53 and $30. For the year. Okay. Okay. Thank you. The good news be yours. priest Robert John Roglowski of Minneapolis has been charged with sexually abusing six boys barely a month after another priest in the area was accused in two civil suits of molesting ten boys over a twenty-year period with at least partial knowledge of officials. The fifty-year-old priest was charged with recent incidents involving boys ages twelve to fourteen. The priest hired boys to do miscellaneous jobs. A criminal complaint says they were molested in a hotel in the church and in the priest's car. The boys reported the incidents to a teacher at a Perocule school following a discussion of AIDS during a religion class. It's twelve minutes past eleven a w i and z we have an open line in day to six two four o one nine one of their any altar boys are priest in the audience want to call in forget it sunrise hello yes sir yes sir on first time calling and uh... new to the area and i just picked you up a couple weeks weeks ago and welcome to the unreal world sir yes and i just got a revelation wise waiting on the phone about what the initial tj and tj max stands for is it something we can say on the air yes time in Jimmy never thought about that very good excellent but uh... i mean that's for the two million one i just uh... starting business down here shortly and uh... i was down in september and i heard an hour and a break is that the guy that you see on tv back in the year but eighty years ago yeah yeah that's what i was saying he's all enough to be the 13th the right for the he is his matter fact oh yeah well that's a new revelation to but getting to that priest about shown his baseball cards i i just think he wanted to get over to show his baton ball but uh... stand major he used to work for w w d being sold out here have you ever had a feeling we're just kind of like standing stark naked out in the middle like at home plate like on the mound and there was nobody else on the field and there were eighty thousand people at municipal stadium in the stands i'm sorry what were you saying stand major yes was for five years in the Philadelphia uh... w w dvb correct right and uh... i was there when five grand ones and uh... i heard you mention in one time with uh... the original call or take it off the phone uh... well bob you say creeper you say something get off the phone and i don't see that i i know that's that's about the police a better yeah it's a lot of the guy in town who's ripped that off from bobgram but that's okay but this alice person uh... you never miss the same as he from snooze uh... that end of the other you really don't know no i don't i never i knew to the talk show down here when you've been that's a way to find out sir okay listen have a great life welcome to south florida you'll need it eleven fourteen at w i and z bulk of good morning raise of a lord sir click uh Is that true? That's a tree story. It's called Church on the Way. Yeah. It was the Antwerp. It's 40 here and incredible. On the way to hell in a handbag, could I think? Good luck at call. Thank you. By the way, don't forget if you'd like to get your own pet going, going bots. Oh boy. It's good. I'm going to be here tomorrow. I'll tell you. Mike's been delkened. Bring this whole station back to a state of respectability. We have two open lines. Both in Broward 764. 07. 07. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I just thought I'd remind you that it was a great hockey game in the spectrum last night. Did not see it. I didn't see it. No. Thank goodness. Thank God the flowers won again. I'm going to win again the next game. Well, you know something at this point, you may be right. I mean Edmonton has been a lead in three games that they blew. And you can say most of the oil. Huh? They have no more oil. Is that it? Yeah, they... Well, the well has run dry. Yeah. Well, evidently, they've blown three games so maybe we fill it off you deserves to win. Yes, fill it off you does come up with some good things. Such as. Well, we have the sectors. We have the fillings who went occasionally. Yeah. We have the angles who eventually will have pretty good teams. Yeah, one of these years. Yeah. But I don't even say have them. Well, that's true. That's true. And the people can't come out for you to say them. Right. Well, what are you doing here then? Well, I came to get away from the club, whether. Okay. Well, that's the one operative answer. That's the only answer that I accept. If it isn't on there, you have maybe a movement longer. Right. Okay. You're gentlemen a good taste. Okay. What is the, uh, one's a seventh game. Senator your Sunday. And seven games is Sunday. Sunday? Yep. Okay. Good luck. Okay. Yeah. They had the three goal lead in one game and they blew that. They had two goal leads into other games. And they just can't put them away. So maybe the, uh, maybe the fly is deserved to win it. Screw them. I don't want to turn on the, uh, oilers. But I'm not netmitted fan anyway. And on the end of maple Leafs. Me and those maple Leafs. For are they still playing or what? I got that crazy coach John Brophy or Brody or whatever. The hell is his name is with a white hair. He's something else. A piece of work. Miami. Good morning. Yeah. You're going to have to get a shot. I need a couple of wins tomorrow. You were so great last week. I thought maybe, uh, don't press your luck. I know. But give us one shot of two shots. I'll tell you what. When the, uh, Miami news comes in, it will have the entries for tomorrow. It's called her. Right on. Okay. Uh, so when that come. Well, in fact, if somebody's got the sports section from the Miami news, when they bring it in, I'll give a look and see if I find anything. Okay. Okay. Good luck to you. You going to be out there? Yes. Well, I'll need it out there. I'm Tony, I'm, I'm mortgaging my house. I'm selling everything. I'm going out to call her the handle. Might be three million tomorrow. It's going to be incredible. 18 past 11 at WI and Z. We have a couple of open lines in date now. 624. 01. 9-1. Hello, Neil. I've been recently located here from Houston, the home of the end of all radio. And it's really a pleasure to listen to you. I really enjoy your show. Well, welcome to the land of the end of all people, sir. I just went quick on it. The first weekend I was here was the boat show weekend. And this is to do with the Miami-Herald and Marion Diff research department. Yeah. They had a full page, a full color page, an special addition to the boat show. And he showed him not that every boater is supposed to be able to know how to attack all the boat and not. The knot was padding correctly. Oh, wait a minute. Does that have to do with the bowl of amendment? Not quite. I just couldn't believe that any major part of the footprint of full color page of a knot that everybody's supposed to know how to attack. And just now I understand why all the northsid knots to you when they asked to test the fun. That's all, Neil. Thanks a lot. Thank you, sir. Hang in there. But somehow. That's all. That's all. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. To you. Maybe. You got to testify in front of an angry Senate subcommittee. And that can really make you sweat. So you need the color, especially formulated to cover that distinctive stench of guilt. You're justifying, but you're caught lying. You're wearing a blue splash it on. Only the covert color name for the guy who started it all. I'm Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North and there's nothing I'd rather do than tell you how great my new color is. But I must regretfully and respectfully decline to comment on advice of my attorney. You're the guy. I'll leave through the one who got caught. All you rather's Reagan has kissed you. I'll go escape through. All these time divert your funds and take the fifth of all these new from cover up cosmetics. Twenty minutes past eleven at WI and ZSE old Twinkle toes is doing a dance in a control room. This morning we have an open line in date. Six two four. Oh, one nine one. Let's do a little break when we come back. We'll be there. And I have not once in my house and I see my puppies and we get to the oldest days. And I do friends that we love so much. The answer is, so to the people in home we love you. We miss you. And we hope all of the people we love so much will forgive us. And help us to go on. We love you. Twenty three past eleven at WI and ZSE we got to the collar in the California club. Are you really there? I'm here. Amazing. It's a miracle. I parked and came in just to use the phone. This is a guy outside with a car table. Free T-shirt with the Miami Harrow. He's wearing a yellow hat with a red band, a faded green shirt, played show at Stountah his knees. He has like light-faced shoes with a big heel in the back and his socks are handsplay up to his. He's a sight. He keeps moving to table out. I see closer to the street. Yeah. Well, so what's Tom Feeder doing out there? Does me? I say what's so what's Tom Feeder doing there? I don't know. I see here on the wall the Bill's clerk from Eckerts. Looking in the banks to a psychist is no customer's in Eckerts. But there's one thing about this guy because I'm behind him. He keeps scratching behind himself. Hmm. Well, maybe that's what customer's or flies or I don't know what. But he asked me if I wanted a T-shirt if it's no I can't do it. Yeah. Well, the rumors, the Harold, is scratching for business these days. So that must be what they're talking about. The obvious. So they haven't a big mob scene at the California Club Mall? No, I see more ants on the floor than they see people walking in the door. Yeah, for that mall is stiff. There's nobody there. Nobody ever. Well, listen, if you get over to Kmart over there, Tammy Fayelbeeder in a couple of hours. I'll get her autograph. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to you, sir. Okay. We have an open line in date. 624-0191. 624-0191. You know something? I have the, all of this is yesterday's Miami News. What a tragedy. When running in there, mall out of breath, I just about ready to pass out and it's yesterday's sports section of the Miami News. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 764-0707. Now we have two open lines in day. I think this is pretty much the end of the line for today. Don't you? There's no point in pushing a good thing. 624-0191 is our date number. And somebody in Volkis calling on our dime. Hello. Hey, you know, Neil. Okay. Um, I'm just always saying, you're a better all the time. You're a new thing with the only known colonial owner. I'm just in a laugh and a crack and up. Can you imagine what this place can be like, some September, August, whenever it is when you have. Not one, but two, people here that the certain segment of the population is going to be phoming to the mountain over. You know that? Who's that? Well, President Reagan on the pope. All in September, see how soon they forget. I thought you were talking about Neil Rogers and Stan Major. No. You get some idea when this place is going to be like, but it's interesting you. Yes, you see you with something. And you can come into something. Anyway, this is one to keep up the good work, will you? I'll try. Okay. That's what they say to the pope. Keep it up. Okay. Have a great weekend. Now we have somebody else on our dime. And this is what I like. I like to see this company spend money. You know, just believe it. Lead it out of them. Come on. Squeeze it out of them. Like getting blood out of a turnip. Lake Worth, hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? All right. I got a couple of questions. We're actually one question. One comment. I used to work at a UHF station in Miami. They used to do independent programming. I'm not going to mention candlesticks. Okay. And we used to broadcast in bakers early morning Sunday. So that was an hour in front of a live audience. Yeah. And there was absolutely no glitz whatsoever. So I wanted to know when he was born again into show business. Because I've seen them recently just before this. Well, he had a consultant. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's interesting. The same guy who consulted our FM. And if you believe that, the guy did a better job with your FM. You'll believe anything. Now, what are you talking about? They've really, they've put showmanship back into a television. I think Tammy, they have 40 show regular workouts with her tear ducts. They got a 40 share on nightline tonight to go. Very nice. And the other comment I had, the other thing I had to do was a comment. I run in my neighborhood up here, which is a big residential area. Full of old deserted houses. And often people drive around looking for some place. And they never seem to find it. So I'm always stopped for directions. So I was running down the street. And this car blows past me. Start talking on his horns. Stop. The guy jumped out and stands in my pants. So I had to stop. And so I'm expecting somebody who was lost and he knew the directions. So that happens to me all the time. Yeah. What's the story? I've got some good news for you. Did you know that Jesus loves you? Ha ha ha ha ha. I couldn't believe it. I almost gave him a free pass. He doesn't make her. I'll tell you. That's incredible. Here I was, you know, after running. He wanted to share. Don't you understand, wanted to share the good news with you, sir? Yeah, I guess I looked like I needed religion at that moment. I don't know. Like those priest that wanted to share the good news with the alter boys. Oh God, that's good. They were saying. What's the bend my shorts? I don't know. Yeah. I wanted to tell you that story, Neil. Okay. Well, listen. Good luck to you. All right. Thanks. We'll be here. We have a broward just to die. That was it. Basically, I was going to tell you about it. And it's about 707. I got a false sense of security yesterday. I told you that. But I did know it at the beginning of the show today. I know it was going to be tough. Got the day off tomorrow. And they're not going to be easy to come by today. 764, oh 707. If there's anybody alive in the Broward. And of course, that's been something we've been investigating for a long time. By the way, somebody called about this picture. And they did a lot of investigation in the hospital before they printed this because they could have been sued for millions. Okay, and this is already like three years ago. So there is no question, but somebody suggested we were whistling in the dark with this. Do you know that Pat Boone? This is a true story. He did the whistling on his, on his record. Well, I answered his question tonight. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Too much lip balm, I think. 1130 at WI and Z, and let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Miami. Yes, sir. I like to ask you a question, sir. You might have to pay change in subject. Yes. Where are we going next? We got a car on a mobile phone. Hello. Good afternoon. How are you doing? Did I get a question tonight? Me, I want to ask you what happened to Doppie. What do you mean what happened to her? Yes, she was crying. She says she's leaving. No, she wasn't crying. One of the colors was crying. Well, the colors and they're all blaming you. Yeah. You're the bad guys. I'm all everything that happens if they don't like, I'm responsible for when it rains. And it floods the backyard. I'm responsible. Put a thank God you're told because everybody blames you. Everybody how was on you. Yeah, I'm believable. All right, take care. Well, that was pretty profound, wasn't it? Man, I'm telling you. We're not going for quantity today. We're going for quality. We're not getting it, but we're going for it. Miami, hello. How you doing? All right. Where are you reading this from? This is all this pre-stories here. The pre-stories is from the May 1987 issue of free thought today, which comes from the Freedom for Religion Foundation in Madison, Wisconsin, and each of these stories comes. It's got the date and the source. You know, they couldn't just be making these up like the USA today or in County Register. It's got the date and the source of each story. Is there an address to our content for this? Sure. Let me find it for you. Of course, you probably have to cough up a couple of bucks. I'm sure I have to. It's worth it. Okay. Freedom from Religion Foundation. The name of the paper is free thought today. Okay. And the organization is called the Freedom from Religion Foundation. Okay. Peo box, 75-0. Madison, Wisconsin. Okay. And the zip code is 5-3701. All right. Okay. And a subscription price is 15 bucks a year. It comes out every month, I guess. I called you a couple days ago about the educational horse trace show. Yeah. I'm going to head out to Calgary or tomorrow anyways and take a shot at it. Hopefully I'll get lucky. All right. Well, I think you get out there early. I was thinking about that. It would be almost impossible to do it on the air because you have to start from scratch. The best thing to do is get there early. And you got to buy a program and a racing form. Get the daily racing form. And in the racing form, there are a couple of pages. And it's in ponderous. But it explains how to read the form. Okay. And it explains what all the symbols are and it shows you the last 10 races of each horse. And it's going to take a while. But you know, you just don't want to go out there naked. So to speak. What's early then? What's early then? About noon or quarter to twelve. First races at one. All right. Okay. See you. Good luck. Probably go out there when a $20,000 try. That's how it is, man. It beginners luck. You know, oh look at the colors on that one. That looks great. And that's the way to do it. To hell with all this handy capping. Still know my amy news. You think it's in a building? Probably out in the parking lot. It kind of sits there for hours. They just combine. They throw it. On the other side of the gate. And then you just fly out of here. I think the delivery guy from the whiny news doesn't like our neighborhood or something. We have an open line in date. 624. 01. 9.1. It's 27 till noon at W.I. and Z. And we'll come back when Z. And Z. And Z. And Z. And Z. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I want to mention to you that I think that you're making a mistake and promoting the local delivery of the health in that at any price that the health bases there advertising where is the work. Circulation. You're right. Good point. They're basing on circulation. You're absolutely right. But even if they give the paper away. Right. They're building up circulation. And they're building up their rates in their income. Good. Thank you. All right. That's it. Short to sweet. Thank you. Okay. Very good point. Hey, listen. You know, instead of just equivocating, just say no to the Harold. That's all. That's our new slogan. Just say no to the Harold. We're going to have a special day with pure colored ribbons. And just like we had just say no to drugs back on the 15th of May. We're going to have a big day. And John Hamburg's going to be involved in an ambitious and my good friend Mark Ludner from Channel of People from Media involved on a big day. Just say no to the Harold. We can probably get about 50,000 cancellations on at one day. It ought to be great. What just happened on a phone there? Can't believe it. I know this is going to be a rough day. They're not going to make my life easy today. No one I have a day off tomorrow. We have an open line in Broward. 7, 6, 4. Well, it's flashing. Let's see if it's for real or for it's make believe. Open line in day. 6, 2, 4, 0, 1, 9, 1. 6, 2, 4, 0, 1, 9, 1. Fort Waterdale. Hello. Hello. See what I mean? They're just impossible today. I want to talk to you. It's very important. Is there somebody whining on this phone? Oh no. No. This is something I'm here. This is something I'm here on. Hello. I've been waiting to talk to you a long time. Okay. What can we do for you? I would like to talk to you. See some of the reality that I have experienced from the white right wing element in Miami. For about three years now. This is for you. From ever since you've been on talk show with the insults. At my view because you're real. And you take up for the truth. You speak truth. Okay. You learn a lot. You learn the insults of your idea. Be intimidated. Most of Miami officials are intimidated by these people. Yeah. And because of my outward. I'm sorry for not like your speakers. I have experienced a reality which is real gross up. And I would like to share with you the call. Because the time is going to be very short. Yeah. Okay. What I would like to do. It is so gross that I'm telling you. I speak now. It will stop the whole of the world. Oh, no. I approve. I would. I would. Who the real way. I'm afraid. You know, or any place that you would like to do. What? I would like to speak to your personal. No chance. What is it that you want? I would like to. Because I know that you called several times before an issue. I'm saying psychotic lunacy. Time. I might wait for the Pada scroll up. the world. I'm not a person. You're a virginian. I say I'm a virginian. I'm a real person. I would just like to discuss with you something that I have to do. What is it? What is it? It's about anti-sectional abuse, incarceration, torture and torture. I'm not a virginian. I'm a virginian. I know who tortured you, Janet Reno? What do you do? Tie you up? No, I've heard about her. I heard about her. I heard about her. I have the next message. I'm sure. That's what you told us the last time. No, I never called your show. I never called you. And hopefully you're last. All right. Go flank him out to commercial. Take one. I mean take one. Wait, man. Do he hang up again? I can't believe it. That gold flaker he keeps calling us and hanging up. And I had that already for him. Any disappeared. What's your problem this morning? Gold flaker? Huh? Just can't hang out of that phone at long. He can't hang out of anything that long. We have an open line in date. 624-0191. And I have a very good one. I'm not going to be in the same one. Man, I'm not believing these calls. Oh, there's the daily racing form. Who the hell brought that by? From Freddy Fero, did he bring my pass for Cater? Yeah. Go out tomorrow. Go to the information window and ask for him. Yep. And your pass will be there. And also great. Thank you, Freddy. Freddy's a great American. He's the clerk of scales out of Cater. We have two open lines in date, by the way. That damn gold flaker he keeps messing up all the day. And I have tomorrow's racing form with a colder entries. Thank you, Freddy. I'm dangerous now. I mean, the last time, just think last week, I picked three winners right out of the newspaper with no information. Just on gut instinct. Ooh, look at that. A first time starter. Cam Gambalotti. Beatton favorite with three bullet workouts. In the first race. Oh, boy. Who's riding a appointment? I'm going to go. Oh, boy. Who's riding a appointment? Beatton favorite with the Santiago Soto. Oh, boy. Look out. Well, look at that first race. Lavender green with Laurie Painter. Chores it on with torso. Well, the hell with this show. And I got the racing form here now. Look at that third race. Made in two year old. Saw right at five fur logs. Now this is my speed. We got all these first time starters in here. Slow the slayer. John Tamar with Mike Gonzalez who went off at five to two and finished nowhere at six. Who will absolutely demolish the field tomorrow. Oh, there's Valiente. Yeah, he's only been suspended for about six years. That kid. Boy, look at this. This is great. I don't have time in here. Let's see. There's one of Bill Carter's favorite horses in the sixth happy gypsy. Net the trimmer. Terri at secret. Oh, is this going to be a day at Carter tomorrow? I'm telling you, folks, mortgage the house. I'm serious. Just every dime that you can scrape up and come out tomorrow. We're just going to raise that handle up there. We're going to punch our brains up. Banned the blues and the last race who won with Robin Irland spealed to an arrow. In for a 15,000 claimer after having been claimed by my friend Harry Benson. Look out, Harry. Are we going to borrow a hair or what? What's the story? Boy, this is incredible. My prince charming. Record turn out. Act upon boy. There's a bad horse. Ask Perua. I don't think we'll see Julio. Is Julio already in New York now? I'm not talking to anybody in particular. I'm just talking to myself. What's they bring in the racing for? I start salivating. I become a madman. I think Julio's gone. I think that city left after Gulf Stream. I'm up to New York. We wish him the best of luck. But thank goodness we got rid of Julio in a 3-5 shot in every race. Who needs that? Waterhill. Hello. Hi. Are you doing? I just have a question about the heroes. Everytime in the way that they get people to subscribe to their newspaper. I recently moved to the area. I've been on five different occasions at night. Because I worked during the day. I had been called by different people saying we should subscribe to the hero. And after the first phone call, I gave me the whole man here as if how much would cost. If I just ordered it on the weekends. I just ordered it on the weekdays. The whole package thing I said no. I'm not interested. They then, a couple days later, caught again. Then later, they caught again at my husband. And we just could say no, no, no. Before you go on, there's a bill in the Florida legislature that would outlaw all this telephone solicitation. Really? And I sure hope it passes. Yeah. Because it's quite annoying. And even on your day off like Saturday. Well, you know what you should do. And maybe you've tried it. You should tell him I've already had a call in the answer as no. And make a notation somewhere. Don't call us again. Oh, that's a good idea. I'll see you. I'm serious. Because they just keep pounding you. Yeah. Do they work on commission? And don't know how the phone people. I would think so. Yeah. I think they get a slice of every subscription that they sign up. Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't. Maybe not. I don't know. Maybe they work by the hour. I have no idea. I was just curious. Also another thing about the Baker situation. Yeah. Yesterday with everything that had settled down. And the TV news and showing what had happened on nightline and the whole night yard. And I think it's all a little blurb last night around on the six o'clock news. Where far away we're saying now you know that if I were going to make these allegations again, Baker, that I have something to stand behind it. He is smooth. He's highly polished. I'm even afraid of having him. I mean being charged with a PTO. You know, he's like, now I want all the million dollars. You know, I'm saying, don't you get a weird feeling about that? I tell you one thing. I'm talking or get the feeling there's four pounds of Johnson wax on his tongue. That's how slick he is. Slick, glib, and disgusting. He's revolting. He's very in control. Yeah. I mean, just, I mean, but he's going to lose this one. Because most of the people dislike him already. See, and his, his whole stick, you know, it's, it's Nichols and Dimes compared to the PTO. They've got so many millions of viewers because they're on so many more stations with that satellite. So he's just small potatoes compared to them. And of course, now they've really played it to the health. And Tammy has been declared, you know, sane under the Baker Ractor, something. And you just watched, they're going to come back bigger and better than before. Hey, say four questions. How did this all come to be? I mean, the board had to know how much money the Baker's from. Because they were all taking these gigantic salaries, too. If you were working for a company, and the chairman of the board was paying you 350,000 a year for doing almost nothing, you would vote to say, hey, let's pay him five million year, keep him here for a life, you know, wouldn't you? Yeah, but who put the whistle? I mean, who was investigating all this and made it come to be known? Well, the newspaper up in Charlotte was the one that really opened up all of this about there, condo and Florida and their home mansion and palm springs and about the Jessica Han thing. It's been the Charlotte newspaper of all places that really opened it all up wide. So to speak. That's the hero, I'm sure. No. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay. Overla. Overla. Overla. By the way, I would like to advise you that if there's any doubt, what is it that catalyx wears at the same Christopher metal? Around their necks, ones that don't work across. Because there's a picture and there are two pages to this thing in hustler. And the first one, here is a picture of Pat wearing his VMI. VMI. His sweat sweater or whatever the hell it is. In fact, he looks like he's sweating and around his neck, you can see part of his same Christopher's metal. And in the other picture, where he's flashing in the carton, flashing in the box, you can see the same There's no question about it. I mean, not that there's any question to begin with. Look at him and you know it's Pat. Depending on how well you know him, of course. But it is incredible. So if you want to be the first in your neighborhood, have your own boombox. Just write a stamp self at West envelope to boombox and we'll send you a copy of both pages from the hustler article. Boombox, care of Neil Rogers, WINZ, Miami, 33055. And this puts the hero to shame, trust me. Summer is here and if you're looking at your shoe ward, robot the record. At the corner at the gulstream, he had four winners in a row, not on the same day. But he's four consecutive winners. He was just qualified and all for them. Unbelievable. So obviously he's sitting it out and our burdo cast, he was going to be writing perfect parade in the eighth. Who might be a little bit of a price. He was running in cheap climbers and now had that monster win on the grass. In a $25,000 allowance race last time, I'd only to be disqualified in place for it. So they really got to be looking for revenge tomorrow. Okay. I'm just going to stop at that point and I want you to carry away here with that racing form. We have an open line and in the first race in Dave County, 624-091, Carl Springs, hello. Neil, hi. How you doing? Okay, how are you? Are you really in Carl Springs? Of course, spring. Incredible. My neighbors are cows. Haha. Oh, I'm not touching that line. I'm serious real cows. Anyway, two things. Yesterday I called Channel 7, the Broward number. Yeah. Guy wouldn't talk to me. They took my name and number. They played around with me for about five minutes. Then he took my name and number and he never called back to complain about Mark Wagner. Yeah. I just wanted you to. I have a feeling they probably got a couple of calls. Yeah, well, they, they, he never called me back. Another thing, I was raised Catholic, Catholic boarding schools, the home nine yards. And, you know, I guess I believe the basic tenets of the religion. But I, I saw the same thing, you know, with the nuns and the priest. At boarding school, my parents paid a lot of money to send me there. And we got, um, reds and pastries and stuff that were, you know, off the shelves and stores that were donated from bakeries. Yeah. And the nuns, I, you know, the finest. And my aunt, I'm, you know, I'm talking about money and religion sort of, um, me creating it to what's going on, um, with a P.T. All-in-all. Now, my aunt works for a bunch of priests, um, in Pittsburgh. And they eat, I mean, literally drives, you know, Mercedes and Lincoln, and eats a finest. I mean, find a food available that you and I couldn't afford. So I guess it's the same, you know, with every religion. Yeah. Well, maybe that's why it's good that all this other stuff is coming out now to show the hypocrisy. It's also garbage. I think, you know, they could have the poorer that are so needy. Yeah. More than eat, so I'm in your on-ins. See, that's one thing, couple, of course, who just totally whipped out the other. And then asked Jim and Tammy would have been the perfect question. Uh, when he kept saying, well, you know, the board insisted on paying us all this money. I would ask him, well, you know, with all these people who are starving to death on the streets, all these street people and all these people are desperate and starving. How in good conscience can you take, you know, uh, two million dollars a more a year. Okay. What the hell are you people thinking about? That's a good conscience. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks, Neil. I'll see you in church. Okay. Bye-bye. Andre Nichols, according to New York Times, the first time I've seen was a quitted at a March jury trial of shooting Roman Catholic priest Frederick Strionese during a sexual encounter. Nichols said the priest picked him up in a park and offered him $10 to have sexual relations. When the priest refused to let him out of the car and Nichols shot him. Strionese was director of Catholic Child Care Services and also directed a camp for Catholic youth services. We get down on your knees, fit all with your rosaries. Now you're head, we have great respect down. Turn you flex, turn you flex, turn you flex. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the content. Everybody says on curial, it's on doing the planning and ride. Yep, in line, in that processional step into that small confessional. There's a guy who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original. If it is try playing it safer. Drink the wine and chew the way for two or four or six Eight times the transfer of snatches Get down on your knees, but oh in your rosaries Bow your head with great respect and change like a joke Take a cross on your abdomen, when in Rome do like a roman Our Bhameria, chief's good to see you Get an exciting and fun of your mind, I'm gonna do it in the bad I'm gonna ride Four minutes till noon at WINZ, Davey, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir This is the lucky winner of the French trip again Yeah And I'm going to call their first tomorrow before I head out for the airport Great boy, you can just make a fortune and blow it all in France Yeah, well I'm hoping to do I was wondering if you got any savings out there for tomorrow You've been listening to the show sir? Yes sir, I have Didn't I just give you a while, you probably won't be there What time is your plane leave? 730, they want me there at 530 Oh you won't be there for the A3, because you can always Better head a time, but then you wouldn't get the money Yeah, first of all, I got that one written down I'll write it for me to recommend first time starters But camgambalotta is sending out beaten favorite By exuberant in the first race with three great workouts Look out, that might give you a good double Okay, beaten favorite in the first I don't think it'd be much of a price to probably better Even always a first time starter Although I'm looking at a form and they just, you know, they really have no way of gaging Yeah Nobody picks him, nobody picks him, that's the kind you like boy Although analysts picks him second in the form So that could be a handy cap picks him third Look out, Tonya, that could start your day off right Alright, okay What? Okay, enjoy your trip, I hope you win a million Thank you, bye-bye Okay, open line in date, 624-01-91 And those are the people in the audience None of them are not into horse racing and not into that stuff You know, it's your problem, I can't help it One of those places that exactly up there is right One of those places that you can go out have a great afternoon You don't have to take your life savings, I've just taken out 10-20,000 That's all that's enough for the first two races for the double And just get some sunshine and enjoy it and relax Get up there on a roof garden, have a great Delhi sandwich That's what called us all about, man, I've been waiting for months for this Okay, Michael Fassir with the annoon News headlines not to be confused with the 11 o'clock Of the 10 o'clock news headlines, these are brand new and exciting World news from CBS at the top of the hour And then we'll come back at 12-06, Daphne, you'll be along from 2-4 If it's so upset with me, you're not going to believe it I had a little chat during the noon news and he said, this is disgraceful It's blasphemous People in our clergy are great teachers, advisors, father and mother figures And what you're reading here on the air today is disgraceful I said, okay, I'll be fair with you Name me one thing that you learned in Perokio school You know what he said? First you get down on your knees, fiddle with your rosaries It's eight minutes past noon at WINZ and we have a couple of open lines in day 6-2-4-019-1. Yes, for real, it's Pat Boone Trust me You can tell if you know him well, you can be sure, believe me, that's it See that before, no question about it Okay, in date county, what did I say? 6-2-4-019-1 will go to Miami and start this hour, hello Hello? Hi How's it going, Neil? Okay I am visiting my mother from the University of Texas I'm from the University of Texas and I'm in Miami You know, I'm sitting out in the sun listening to the radio and she comes on And she comes over to me, she says you have got to listen to this guy Neil and she turned my radio to you, you know? And like, I don't want to listen to a talk, so I'm 20 years old, I want to listen to music But listening to you and he's telling me everything that you do So now she's in the car on her way to the hairdresser and I'm thirsty listening to you So will you play the cool, your soul or something for her? She just gets a kick out of that Be true to your soul? Something about your soul You do realize that when the sun goes down tonight, this is Shavas You do understand that Yeah, yeah If you were Sabbath, would that be sac religious for us to play it here on a Friday? Nah You're sure Nah Is she listening right now? Ah, it's you said me Okay Have a great weekend It's you Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye I can't hear his story Bye-bye Bye-bye Be true to your soul Bye-bye I do come down a key of broiler and go It's your info I wear it every moment I go round to other hazelnuts They don't go one to stay Don't be true to your soul Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Be true to your soul Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye Bye-bye My eyes on me jack upon the saddest service I'll be ready to pray I'll be a steady night My girlfriend's at the altar It's the choir now She'll be singing away you have two open lines in day. Date County is out to lunch again. 624. Oh, one nine one. We have very distraught young Catholic list or others very upset with what's going on here today because I read the stories. Those are all true stories by the way out of very reputable newspapers. Like you, I say today and you know you, I say today's reputable because when you look at the colors, they're the real thing. They're not like those in-between colors. I mean, they're all the colors of the rainbow. Did I ask them? I said, what do you upset about? I said, what did your priest teach you? And you're not going to believe what he said. First you get down on your name. You fit all with you. And that's all he said. It's 12 minutes past noon at WINC and let's go to Northwaterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hello. I'm one of those despicable telephones solicitors. Oh, God. Every hang up on those people. Let me tell you how to do it. String my lawns. Just keep saying, oh, uh-huh. Make them go through the hallpitch. Ask them all kinds of questions. And then say, no. Telephones solicitation is a numbers game. If you're sitting in an office, say there's 100 women sitting in an office, and they're mostly women. And they're making phone calls. If you say no one hang up, we're glad. Because we need to go through the pit. We don't have to tell you everything. You say, okay, we're not going to turn that guy around. But as long as you stay on the phone, you take up our time. They took the toll phone time, which costs money. They lay an empty end when you've exhausted every avenue you just say, well, gee, I don't think so. Another thing at telephone solicitor, states, is a person who's seriously hangs up, and you're picking a dead phone. Why are you hanging up on them? If everybody in any state stood there, can you imagine that money if you would have to spend on lots of lines? And on the pay, and they get no, uh, no sales out of there? Never thought about that. Oh, gee, just keep them on the line. Keep talking to them. Keep on it. It any hang up and they say, on it. That's so be it. Couldn't turn him around. Yeah. And on, he was interested. I couldn't turn him around. But, you know, just hit the bottom line. Just say, no, I don't think I want that. Okay. Okay. Good, good, good. Good job. You're not fully me. I've been doing this for about two years. Only because I have bad eyesight, I'm 65 years old, and I can't get a real job. You know? That's, uh, need to. That's my problem. Yeah, I know. Well, I'll take you back and you'll drive him nuts. Don't hang up on him, folks. Okay. I'm crazy. See you later. All right, bye, bye. 1214 and WI-N-Z. We have an open line in Broward 764-07-07. You think I want to try that one more time. See if we can't stop that in the right place. First you get down on your knees, fiddle with your... Okay, let's take our next call in Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes. Just what I think you comment talking about the homosexual acts with a decent acquired boys. I think there's something going on between North and the President of Tau-Y. I know if you heard it. The other day the hearings, they had something when they were questioning this and Riko Rodriguez, and they were watching something and, uh, this and Riko Rodriguez related to the committee says that I already know our test time and he says, well, they can't touch me because the old man loves my ass. Is that great? Great. Yeah. Yes, so I thought it just passed if he didn't hear it. Well, I always had the feeling that Ronnie knew something that the rest of us didn't. Unbelievable. Okay. I enjoy you, Joe. Bless you, sir. Okay, thank you. Have a good weekend. Now, come on off. Let me try and get this great. All right, Senator? Your testimony is that vomit fallen had a plan to get some contra-A. All right. Is that that his correct sir? He'd sell our weapons to I ran to get that contra-A. With a plain low-hand hand, a plain low there. Here alone, there alone. Everywhere a plain low. But that's right. Bob McFarland had a plan to get some contra-A. So, what my fallen has that plot to get that contra-A? Yes, but when the going got too hot, he couldn't hate no more. About the on the hand. And the value of man. Here appears. Better be in the way the final. Bob McFarland had the plan to get some contra-A. Yes, I'll see. Well, thank you for playing this, Matt, off. I don't know. And thank you, Senator. And I would advise your counsel that before any further testimony is heard. You have that for you, too. Yes, sir, of course. 16-Pass noon at WI and Z will go to Deerfield next, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. In the color that called you a couple of weeks ago, when you were doing a job on century bullets, and you used your senses of power and you cut me off. But that's not the reason why I'm calling. I'm a call to Patron. And I'd like to tell you a little horse story. Can I tell it to you? Well, if it's not too long. No, it's not taking a take a few of a time. Don't follow. A board of claim of $5,000. Yeah. And he wanted to see the horse that he bought. So he went to the behind to the stable. And he went to the stable where the horse was. And he looked in and the horse was lying down on the floor flat. And the vet with Pat Boone. What? Go ahead. Have you heard that? No. And the vet was working on the horse. Well, the fellow said that he's a donkey. He says, how's his health? Dr. C. He's fine. The fellow says, do you think I could race him tomorrow? Dr. C. He is. In fact, I think you'll beat him. And that's the story. The fire. That's the thing. On, but well, that's what it has to sink in. It has to sink in? Yeah, that's good. OK. I'm glad you like it. You redeem yourself. Did I? Yeah. OK, with friends. We'll see you tomorrow at Caudi. You're going to go tomorrow? Yes. OK. After you did Sunday, also. Excellent. Well, if I win tomorrow, I'm going Sunday. I'm going to pledge millions on Sunday. Oh, my God. Let's be able to buy a rose rice. Our own track. OK. See you tomorrow. OK. Thank you. Bye-bye. That is good. See the more you think about that. But it just, it's not one of those that hits you immediately. Twelve, it's like some of the horses that I've been at Caudi. They don't hit the finish line immediately. It's like about five minutes later. When the other horses are going into the paddock for the next race, 12, 18, and W-I-N-Z, we got a little break to do here. Right, boy. This is a busy hour man for a lunch hour. This is almost unbelievable. Shocked, shock. Isn't it incredible? I've been here for 11 years. And the only shock that I ever got was when I, you know, stepped on the carpeting in the other studio and sat down. Then of course, I got a shock when I came in here and Daffy had the chairwired, but that was another story. My andy B. Chelow. Hi, Neil. Hi. I sent you a check for so far. Yeah. And I am close to note about our return ratings. I don't know if you got it. Yes, thank you all the way around. Yeah. The thing I wanted to tell you, I sent you a very cheap pass-saint, a cassette tape I found out. Yeah. It's going to matter. No. Oh, oh, it'll work well. Yeah. Oh, that's good. What, when did you send that? Because then I remember when I got it. Oh, Garrett must be a week, can days go. Okay. Because Marlon Bailey from Superstar Productions keeps dubbing these for us and I don't know when he's come in again, but as soon as he comes in gets the next batch, we'll get it right out to you. Oh, great. I'm looking forward to that. Good. And I'm going to participate in the Albertan ratings in about three weeks from now. Incredible. Well, we can't discuss it on the air, but um, no, I've never known anybody that was involved with it. So I'm really happy about that. Yeah, sooner or later, each one of us has our day. Yeah, everything that does happen. Yeah. Good luck at the time tomorrow. Thanks a lot. I'll need it. And enjoy your day off. That's even better. I know. It could become habit forming. Yeah, it could be. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Have a great weekend. Thanks. You too. Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes. Yeah. You are a sick puppy. I love your show. Keep it up. Um, so they I laughed. I was, I was one of those days that I was out of the office and uh, going from place to place to take care of business. And uh, unfortunately, I had to get out of the car. It'd be about three, 30, 40 minutes, but while I was in the car, I was sterile. Uh, it was really great. Let me ask you one question. Ask me anything. I probably wanted to go. Um, do you think that Mr. Paul well? Is is saying, I mean, saying like you and I were totally insane. We know that. But is he for real? Jim Baker called me on the phone Sunday night, May 17th. Two months had passed. He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17th. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped or someone might be listening in, and it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. Yeah. Is that answer your question, sir? I'd buy it, thanks. So, you know, are you going to do anything for the, uh, since it's a constitution's birthday? Are you going to do anything special for it? I'm going to pray for it a lot. Okay. Well, you keep up the good work and I really enjoy your show. Thank you for show. Okay. Good luck to you, sir. Have a great life. Take care of yourselves. Okay. Twenty four minutes past twelve and WI and Z, we have two open lines again in Dave County. Dave seems to be the one where we have a constant problem. You know what the problem is? No, say, obliying glaze a key. That's the problem. Six, two, four, oh, one, nine, one, Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Thanks y'all. By the time you know, ever since I started listening to the daytime, you're real bad influence on me. I'm late to my appointment all the time. Yeah. Sitting the car, bus, Nick got. That's what many of the priesters said too. I'm a bad influence, right? But I got a question for you. Yeah. Does I look it up in the dictionary? And I can't find it for the life of me. What the hell? Well, I was saying I was going to say that. What is it? A sued? Yeah. Are you serious? You can't find it. I can't find it. I can't find it. I can't find it. PSED. PS? PS? Oh, PS? EUD? EUD? Yes, he helps if you know how to spell it when you look it up in the dictionary. No wonder. Wait a minute. Let me get my dictionary, okay? Wait a second. I got to tell you these evangelists they're getting there too, though. Now it's great. I'm sure that sued is in my dictionary, because this is a sued dictionary. So obviously, what being here? I got another one for you. You look down on it. You're prosthetically. Well, what the hell? Mung? Mung? Yeah. Well, Mung is just a word that Bill Carter made up years ago, and I ran with it. So he could have a bit of material, and I use it. No, it just means like a mess, like a junk, like something unmentionedable. Oh, okay. I follow you on that one. Well, I can tell you, a sued is short for pseudo intellectual. Oh, if that one is the same. Yeah. Okay. It was funny, because you'd be surprised. I mean, people listening to your show. Now, it was in the health club the other day working out, and these guys are watching, you know, they're getting a little nervous. They say, what do you do? Sue's looking at. I got in the closet. What does Sue mean? I thought it just went. And they were talking about your show and they had Fred Shopsot. And we're getting a big kick out. But you'd be surprised how many people in the, what I call the perfect demograph. Why not wait a minute. 30s up to the middle income. I found it. I know. So do you solve an old house? lesses. Windows and Windows? Unfortunately, the first penny is correct. The SEFS is ruled. B-said, it was alled. Oh, with the Alice, don't worry. Okay. On this station. On this one. On this one. Because the paper was I looked at it before coffee and I said, Clayton, it's almost wrong here. Yeah, they just can't find us on a dial. But it sure is they say, coming back. Yeah. Because he was the one that got me in the talk radio when we were having that Mary Elf problem here. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He loves to get him right out. He's ready. Hey good luck Neil. Hey great show. Thank you. Bye bye. Jerry Falwell and Jim Morrison, man. Can you see the religious institution that they could go? By the way, what happened with Marlon and that Elvis picture we were supposed to get today? Is he called us at all today? No. Maybe Kyle is in a state of suspended animation. He is not speaking. He's about to write one of his costic messages on the screen. This ought to be really good. Do you really? Oh I see. Where are we going next? Let's go to Tamarack. Hello. Hi you know it. Okay. Let me ask you something. I missed that as far as what you said about the Catholic Church. I called you producer. Singing, you might be able to give me a little idea. There's basically about the sexual abuse charges that have been going on for centuries. Yeah. Nothing new. Well that's basically true, but at the same time, once you really look at the sex that the pork self-dorsist, are you friends of the pork and their school system? You're saying what you mean am I referring to it? I'm referring to it. I'm referring to things that go out in church or... Well that's not only the Catholics, but they seem to have a big slice of the pie, so to speak. Well I got a big slice of the pie, but for the other end of the stick, there's when they get to them when people graduate out of pork, you'll go where it's elementary or high school. Those people know how to speak English. They know how to write, you know how to add. They know how to do varieties of things. Yeah, there's no question about that. They know how to do a variety of things. That's for sure. Well that is true, but you look at them to compare to your average school in New York City and your way ahead of them. Yeah, I mean something because of a discipline and the more rigorous education you don't have to say. So if a few thousand get molested along the way, you know we shouldn't worry about that. Well that's for this way. I hate to think of how many children have been molested in the English educational system. This is an all male institution and they don't integrate the sexist system. Yeah, well we don't live there. Yeah, I know. Well that's the basic of the truth. You know, let's say it's the basic of the truth and the truth. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So naturally we shouldn't play in the United States. And I think they need to give it a hand. By the way, do you have a deep up as the question or everyone is being requested to spend $10? Was it balance or used to the public and the paid is $2 billion to come there? Oh, I got a great story for you. By the way, out of California, I think it's in Monterey. I'm going to have to find it just a second here. Maybe you can whistle dixie or say a few Hail Mary's or something while I'm leaving through here. There's a great story, not that great of a story. In fact, it's not even a big deal. But it just came to mind. It's somewhere in here. It's in Monterey. I wanted to ask you something. And it handed you what I heard that Patron had a clear new and customer with his vegetables in a box. Correct. I have it. I have it. I have it right in my hands sir. It's not in the picture that way. Well, they filled in the pot so they did something like that. No, they didn't fill in the pot. Well, kind of in any of it. Well, first of all, he was he was like, I don't know, 18 or 19 years old when he did this. This was 20, whatever. He was a young kid. Oh, he's gone back a long time. Yeah, and this was not something that anybody was supposed to get their hands on if you've partnered expression. Oh, God Almighty. And that's what that's what that's what it's like to him. That's what it's like to him. That's what a lot of us said when we saw the picture, oh, God Almighty. What a disappointment. I cannot find that article anyway. It had to do with the fact that they wanted to exploit the Pope's trip to it was Monterey or Samaracalifornia and that the somebody out there, the arch diaces had asked to commercialize to charge the media out there for coverage in order to raise the two million that they need out there. And the networks and the other media people got very upset. So we don't pay for the news. Why don't you? Why don't we really expose the fact? Now that he should pay for his own thing, but also expose the fact that it's done and well known that he, this Pope, has been directly or indirectly involved in the death of the prior Pope and he was placed in that position more or less. And the other Pope, I think John, or Paul, whatever his name was in 78, they quickly offered him away and they, and they had bomb his body without anybody taking any look at what was the initial cause and death. So that's involved. I want you to talk to his own expenditures. Amen. Well, if the business is bad, don't you understand? They're crying to blues. Why in the blues, sir, business is bad. The Vatican's in death. They've been giving all that money to the Contrists. Excuse me? They've been giving all that money to the Contrists, business is bad. I don't understand. You mean the Pope has been giving money to the Contrists? No. You got the joke. Of course. The whole thing is a joke. Don't you understand? The whole thing is a joke. You don't understand that. It's passing right by you. The whole thing, the church is a joke. The Pope is a joke. This whole thing is a joke. That's what we're finally learning. Unfortunately, it's sailing right on by the brains of too many people. Well, you know what's safe? This has been going on since then. Also long-term. Exactly. It's business. And it's a big thing. A lot of people are not reaching the point of a portion that it's going in. Well, Bill. Well, Bill. Just for instance, you know, the church followed a support in South African government, which means that he believes that it's a big set of people. Take little back children and concentrate them and thank their heads to them until they become mentally retired. He never... If you consider that to be in the right of God. Until he met Jim Baker, he never met a white person he didn't like. That's jury. Well, now that Jim now that the Pope soon has that particular problem, he can't do anything either. Well, no. It looks to me like he could do something. But we're not getting it on the edge. But you would say a couple of hours. That was a few years before you took that picture. Yeah. Okay, sir. Thank you. Have a great life. Yeah. Somebody suggested that those organs have been... Now, there was nothing airbrushed in that picture. Believe me, okay? Trust me what I tell you. There has been nothing airbrushed. Boy, you know, the more you look at it, the more you realize how small of it is. First you get down on your knees, little with your... It's 27 before one at WINZ. And, you know, there's really... We're going to have to get four more carousels in here. You know why? Because I'm beginning to realize that with an each piece, there are probably dozens that we can spawn out of each one. You know, like the son of Vatican Rage. Or the brother-in-law of the Leprechaun condom. Leprechaundom. Which we haven't played that today, have we? Well, listen, if we were real good, if you really rub your blondie stone, and you really put your hands together, say a couple of Hail Mary's. Maybe when we come back from this break, we might play it for you. David, let's just make her call me on the phone. Sunday night, May 17th. Two months had passed. He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17th. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped, or someone might be listening in, and it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. First you get down on your knees, little with your rosaries. This is the time of year. When everyone's a wee bit higher, they say Colleen, would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me wax my shallailies? Ooh, now that I would make a Patrick, if you be wearing the green. I know there's a smart lusy. Please make ensure her light is wearing the Kelly Green Protection of Leprechaundoms. Don't be wishing I'll afford it, Clover. I'm so sorry for the gift of God. Especially if you're planning on kissing some blinde stones. There's what, have you? Be double it in your protection. With the appropriate condoms, they're strong enough for a man. But I like them too. So it's your super lip look on them. And you won't be catching anything else. Twenty-two before one at WI and Zinho runches with you till two. Don't forget, Mike Spindubby, filling in a maronger to be out at Codder, losing thousands, and then I'll be back on Monday. Let's see, what's going to happen on Monday? Taffy's going to be in France and Glenn Hill is going to be here Monday from two to four, so that ought to be where heavy exciting where I have that operation over the weekend. That cackle box. And no, oh, that's right. That's right, Mondays the day we're getting our new phone numbers. So, uh, where it's going to be really touching go on the phone. Miami, hello. Hello, man, speak to me. Just a second. Who's calling? Tom. Okay, Tom. Yeah, I, Dr. Low. Hello? Yes. I dropped by to visit my great grandma and uh, see if she's alright. And she had you on the radio. And earlier I heard you mention something about, are your interest in horses and racetrack stuff? Yeah. Yeah, well, I have an uncle that checked out a few years ago, and he was, that's the only thing he lived for all this life. I mean, you know, he enjoyed it. Anyhow, he owned his own horses and he was kind of bright and graduated, boating and doing it. And he, uh, I found in his drawer that's chart that he made out like it's uh, and I was warning if I could give you, I, I, I, I grabbed the million, but I was warning if I could give you a brief, like description of it if you could maybe explain it. I'll hang, I'll hang up at listening to she's wanting around and, for bag is dragging on the floor that's your name's from. But on the top line, it's numbers and all the way down it's like, uh, uh, initials like, M-A-R. On the top is, is like numbers, dash four, dash three point three, dash three and dash two, and it goes down to zero, right? Yeah. Okay, I'm going to use like the first one, uh, dash four, it's, the initials M-A-R. And the next one, uh, that's all the initials for that. And under the three point three, it has the initials F-T-L-A-T. Yeah, I think. No, those are the tracks where they ran. F-G is the F-R-R-Z-L-A-Z-L-T and the F-R-Z-L-T. Yeah, well, he spent all his life accumulate in this information on here. And those, these must be speed ratings that he created for the different tracks, probably. Yeah, he spent his whole life on this. And, uh, I, I really not sure, you know, how to explain this or, you know, what it's all about, but I'd be glad to mail you one. Yeah, mail it to me, and then I'll look at it, and then maybe one day next week, call me and I'll try to explain it to you, and maybe maybe we'll discover something in here. We might find a good system. It was like I said, he was bright, you know, he was bright, you know, prom making bread off of this, but he kept it to himself. Yeah, well, that's the smart way. Okay, all right, now it's time to do it. Okay, but if I figure it out, I'll share it with you. Okay, bye. Okay. 19 before one at WINZ, there's an open line in date, believe it or not, 624-O191. Hollywood, hello. Hello, how are you? Okay. Uh, I understand you don't have the Miami news yet. No, no, no matter if I, but I do have the racing form. Two items in there that your producer thought might be of interest, so I decide to stay on and tell you about them. Okay. A one is on a front page, it reads, Minister once, anti-censor show at Library, censor. Do you like to hear about it? Yeah, that's great. The fundamentalist minister once, two censors, two sexually explicit movies scheduled to be shown at the downtown Metro Library, as part of an anti-censor ship program. Rick Patterson, pastor and director of Jesus Fellowship, Denny and the Letter, two 750 fellow pastors in Miami, enough is enough. I believe at this time for us, the pastors and directors. That's what Jessica Hans said, too. Oh yeah. Anyway, they sent us a bunch of these out. And they spoke to the folks at the Library. He says, we have a series of films, each of which presents different reasons for having been banned. We've ridgist racial sexual and political, and it's always the old Nemesis of Sex they object to. Yeah. One of the films is anti-catlet, called the miracle. Patterson said, a representative of the American Coalition for Traditional Values, will address the Metro Commission next Tuesday, and has tempted to stop the showing of the last tango and terrace in La Cache of Folk. Oh my God. Oh my God. God forbid. The films have been included in a series of five being shown as part of a program called censorship and libraries, which is described as an attempt to educate the public about the dangers of censorship. And the library says, ideas are by their very nature radical. It is unrealistic to expect that a library will shelter everyone from whatever they dislike. And he says, let's see, response to the letters is coming in. Patterson says he's received scientists' petitions from wayside and Graham Baptist churches. And anyway, the library says this was not built as family entertainment series. It is not being presented in the context of family entertainment. Yeah. Well, I'd preach here there. He's going to have a big fight on his hand with a priest in town if he tries to cancel La Caja Folk. Oh, let's see. What really bothers me is that people kind of think of the public library as a Disney institution. In fact, it's a vital institution for democracy, because what makes up a democracy is an informed citizenry. And literacy is what they advocate. Yeah. God forbid. That was that thing. And the other thing is on the upbeat page in the front of section C, mentions you in the same Brett with George Carlin. It says, Bill von Morer wrote this. This is when Radio's talk show host, Neil Rogers, who has his own list of words for the FCC. Would like to double bow his running target if he could line up George Carlin to help him pull the trigger. In a telephone interview from his LA home Carlin, the offbeat comedian who acquired the label counter-culture comic, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's a said he was aware of Rogers' gunning for the FCC. He even knew about the acronym Rogers is using for his crusade against the government agency to regulate radio broadcasting. And some say he's trying to control mines too. Rogers calls his campaign against the agency, and his actions so far. Save our first amendment rights. Wow. And let's see. And they talk about the kid, Chris Douglas. There's a whole story about Chris and hear how he's... His father was one of an open-allists a garbage up. And now he works over there. And Carlin's been quoting HL-making, who says, people have the right to make their own choices, but certain people deserve to be offended. And so, bad taste and indecency should be protected. Yeah. Now we're trying to get him on sometime the next 10 days. That's great. Anyway, I thought you'd like to know about that. And I'm thoroughly enjoying your program. And I'm working on my second petition. And I just sent out for the postcards. Excellent. And don't stop. Thanks a lot. Don't tone it down. Don't change anything. We won. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Okay, by the way, speaking of the petitions, I haven't even given the address today. And a weekend is here. And I'm not going to be on a moral. I'm sure that Mike is going to really lean on the thing tomorrow, right? You bet. So far, PO box 2214. Miami 33055. Now, I realize I'm asking a lot of people who are re-signed petitions and circumvent petitions to start all over again and get involved with the second part of what we're doing. But we're sending out these cards. Thousands of them to our representatives and senators in Washington asking them if they support censorship. And putting them on the spot trying to help us get the FCC out of the business of censorship and the sticking their nose into the first amendment. So if you like some of these cards, please send us just your net. You don't even have to supply the envelope. Just your name and address on a card or window letter to so far, SOFAR. Save our first amendment rights. PO box 2214. Miami 33055. I guess we got them upset at the arts diocese. They're eating macaroni and cheese today. That's what I heard. They're so upset that they're going back to no meat on a Friday. Should we do something to pacify them a little bit? Maybe a little dedication? I'm not sure if I'm going to do that. But I was there March 17. And confronted you with the story I heard that you had raped some girl in Florida, and I'll tell you. You advised me in a private meeting that you did not rape anyone. But that in fact, your wife at that time was in love with another man. And you were trying to win her love back and you're hoping to make her jealous. The John West of Fletcher per your request brought a 19-year-old girl down from New York. Okay, we're back. It's 13 before we wanted WINZ and where we go next. Should we take a call from Miami? It's always a risk. Hello? Hello? What is this? Listen, you have to excuse my poor English, but I've been trying to get in touch with you for about four weeks. Give your name a good reference. Okay. Something new. We're ready. The Japanese restaurant that is on 32nd Avenue between Coral Way and 24th Street. The name is FWJI. Yeah. And I want you to try that. My name is Oscar Garezo. And if you want to collect that, you don't like it. You can call me at the Amon Telephone book. And I'll tell you for the meal. Don't do that, though. Everybody be looking up in the book and calling you and expecting you to pay for their meal. All right. Don't do that, Oscar. If you're all a cheap skates, I'll be expecting you to pay for their meal now. No, but if you don't like it, if you like it, I know you won't call me. You'll go back there. And we'll meet up there. Something. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks, Oscar. Twelve minutes before one at WINC, there's an open line in Broward 764-077. We'll come back right after this. We'll stay when I wake up. I'll still have a home. My baby come and see a lot of praise for you. Finally, but 10 records set. You've been waking for a tummy phase unbelievable new album. Here's the rock. I crawled out from under. I put six taintones of major bound. Then my husband does it with kiss to cuck out. Oh, baby forward calls. And go I will. A ball's strong now down booth and pay. It's all here. The headache, the heartache, the pancake. Rock a leg, just is my face. My mascara won't be raised. Tummy phase. Here's the rock. But I crawled out from under. Won't you buy my new album? If you tell your burning hair, you'll be the way you'll thank you, God bless you. In Jessica Han. You told me that when the door was closed and you and Jessica were in that room, that if anyone raped anyone, she raped you. She began to undress you. You were at that moment temporarily impotence. It's 1252 a WINZ where shall we go next? Margie, hello. I knew how you. Okay. But I knew instead of going to the track and risking your dollars on things that may or may not result in a profit for you, I have an entrepreneurial investment. Then I think that you'd be interested in, are you ready? I'm listening. Okay. And in light of the success that up with people was head-wall around the country, how about something like up with rabbis? I mean, we can make a fortune that in hell and hell. I've been on a problem I'd have it full well, could steal it from us. And then he might be titled simply called up yours and go around to, Exactly. You know that's what I think he's already done that. Oh yeah, he has that's that's the only problem I think we might have with this. That's what Jim Baker told follow. That he had done that in the Jim and follow said in one I wasn't the first one obviously. You lost me, but that's good. I'm glad I fumbled around a little with that because it's good. We wanted to lose everybody with that. No, you don't want to lose anybody. You're picking up 40 in forward time. I know. On a street corner, I picked up a listener on a corner of Biscayne in 79th the other day. Did he speak English? No. Okay, well, down, did he speak with the specific data with regard to the FCC? Yeah, they're doing Ulysses. Yeah, they did. They get permission to do it. What do you mean get permission? They're going to play it. They've done it every year for six years. This is the seventh year in a row that they've played it on June 16th. But they've asked for permission to do this. If that was, if one of the greatest. Well, no, no, the FCC has said they're not going to do anything until after they play it. Oh, I see. I didn't hear that. In other words, it's like opening up the trap door and saying, okay, go ahead and walk through and we'll see if he's survived. Well, that's what they play for. And Donald Wildman has said, okay, when they do this, we're going to say, go ahead and prosecute. Like, you know, he's the judge in the jury. Have you ever heard him by the way? No, I haven't. The guy in Tupolo, Mississippi, he can barely speak. He's like sub-createn. Like he hatched under a rock. Like a barnacle, you'd find in the bottom of the Titanic. What's he doing? Wait, wait, I dare way. Didn't he get in the way now? Well, he wants to be there with all the classy people in Tupolo. I see. All those Elvis fans. I got you. And you'll have it today. You too. Thank you. No, thank you. Wait a minute. Is he still singing? He's still making guttole sound. I guess got the tail end of Pat there. But I'm sorry about that. Speaking of the tail end, don't forget. Get your envelopes in for your boom box. I will say this that everybody who comes in the studio. Yesterday, you noticed they were a little bit bashful. They didn't want to be the first one in because if they did, then people would start raising eyebrows. But today, everybody who's coming has really said, this is everything that I have said and then some. Okay, I'm not exaggerating. But boy, I hope you've got good eyesight because it's not everything you was cracked up to be. Miami, hello. Hello. Hello. Rusty else. What? He needs to get red of a caseer. Happy Easter day. 18 before 11 at WI and ZLT. How long have we taken 6, 9, 14? That was good. Five minutes before, well, at least he's not talking now. His parole officer is going to be there on Monday. We have an open line in date, 624-0191-Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Did you read the story in the enquire on Jerry Fawler? No. It's our new June second issue. It's our same TV video. Jerry Fawler got a million plus advance for a tell-out auto bio. He said it'll be a real shocker for people who think I was Christian ten years before I was born. Great. Reverend Fawler, Nitz, who is used to attend church. And never cracked a Bible until his spiritual rebirth at age 18. And he also reveals in France for the journey that his dad was a rich notorious criminal who was hot tempered in volatile. And he killed his own brother after he came at him with a pistol in 18 during a drug and juice rampate. Reverend Fawler said his dad felt so guilty about the killing. He started boozing heavily, often at the rate of several bottles of whiskey a day. Obviously, you could not have entered course with her. What do you think of that? Well, what did I say? I've got some Mr. Say about everybody else. Huh? What does your to say? I mean, I'm spellbound. I was too when I read it. I mean, he can go into the details that he's like going to. Okay, listen, I hate to look. Okay, listen, we've got a good call here coming up. I'm going to hate the cutter's sure. Can you get him on here? Do you still there? What's that? What was the question? No, I- Oh, no, she's- Oh, I see. Are you there? I'm here. Okay. Am I on? What was the question? I question? Yeah. I want to know first, but I got a couple of them. Yeah, I heard the first one. You know, you didn't. You got a different person now, I think. Oh. Thought. Are I on there now? Are you on what? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, first of all, I want to know who's Daphis. Is that not the same guy? That was not me. Okay, now you get hysterical. Well, if he's still on a phone or he's hanging up, he's gone. Okay. Don't get panicky now, just relax. It's almost still one o'clock already. Not you, Kyle. Kyle's having an nervous breakdown. Hey, Kyle, sorry. He saw somebody run out of the newsroom yesterday and he's trying to do his best to imitate. Go ahead, I'm sorry. First of all, who's Daphis? Daphis. I'm walking out. I can't stand it. What? Daphis is Daphis. She comes on after me. That's a girl. Yeah. I'll see. I don't want to list you a couple of times. I was just, uh, I just heard you say in the comments. Well, you got to start listening every day. Then you find like a soap opera. You got to watch several days before you figure who all the characters are. Oh, well, I also got another question. What ever happened to Barbara Studley, my partner over here, was, uh, said that he, uh, used to listen to Barbara Studley. Oh, yeah. Well, I get away from him real quick. I'd run out of the building, screaming and shouting. Why is that? Barbara's busy selling weapons to the contras. Barbara's busy selling weapons to the contras. And testifying and washing them. Testifying and washing them. Yeah. Why are you repeating it? Sound like an echo like I'm in an echo chamber. Oh, okay. Well, I'm sorry about that. That's okay. The guy's going to hold it again. A horse joke. Remember that? Yeah. What's all a force manure? I don't understand. Is this your best material? My best material. I don't have any best material. Oh, okay. Well, listen, get some and then call us again. My girlfriend's here with local and area news headlines. World news from CBS at the top of the R. We do have one open line in Broward, 764-0707. Let's see. I thought we could get that other guy on the air. But he just ran. You know, that coward? Probably looking at his pet bone picture right now. What are you in the shower saying? Weeping and saying to God, oh, God. I've been with a horse. Seven minutes after one at WINZ. And we have one open line. It's in date County, 624- Oh, 191. Let's, um, oh, we have a hostile collar. That's good and for a lot of deal. Hello? Hello? Yes. On his pet moon picture. Yeah. Are you saying he's a victim of two-beside? Two-beside. Very good. Is that what it looks like? That's certainly what it does look like, yeah. Okay. I got an issue one more thing. Why didn't say you were hostile on the screen? Are you hostile? Well, for some hostile. I'm going on. Okay. Maybe we're just hostile when you first called. Now, let me introduce something else on this pseudo-inelation. Yeah. I'd like to think of you more as the epitome of Singacity. Yeah. As wise as Solomon. Dad, you would know. Very good. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Testing my vocabulary. I'll have you no sir that there are a lot of words that I know. Most of which I can't use on this show. We have an open line in Broward 764-0707-Lotterdale Lake. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? It was a little test. You see a brother of Kathy? He's a certified suit. You know, you're a brother of Fred here. I am Gagol and just throw all of her all the time. I'll listen to you. I just enjoy you so much. Well, listen. You can giggle but don't cackle if you pack all your big trouble. Tommy, do you remember getting a letter with a text in it? Yeah. I certainly do. I'm back out. I would try to get you off and off. But I can't. I'm so surprised. I'm so successful today. I was really impressed with that. I was well by that. I hope so. Anyway, you know, I just want to repeat what I said. One of my letters that, you know, I had a call for a tape. And I still didn't get in the hunt. And this is going on right. Almost a month. Uh-huh. Oh, you know. Wait a minute. You would call for one? No, I had written. You know, I had to set you a plank and money and so far. And you didn't get your tape yet. No, I didn't get it. And this is almost a month now. Well, we'll have to find out what's happening with Marlon Bailey. I haven't heard from Marlon today. Uh-huh. He's handling all the tapes. Uh-huh. And if anything happens to Marlon, but we're all in big trouble. Oh, boy. I wish you a closer. I'd give you a sound help. In fact, he was supposed to bring by the nude Elvis picture today and we haven't seen it yet. Oh, boy. That's very important to me. I'd rather have to take it. Well, anyway, as I say, you are a better fish here. I'm telling you, I don't have my kids around me, but you take their place. You are just a rizket. And I take the same way you do. Uh-huh. So, I want to thank you for giving me so much and drum and listening to you. I don't know what I do without something like this to listen to every day. Okay. Well, listen. If you don't get that tape in next couple of weeks, so let me know. We'll see you get it. All righty, have a nice time. I just need to. Well, take care of yourself. You too. Have a happy. Thank you. You too, dear. All right. Elvis and Pat together. Is that what that picture supposed to be? Where is it? We haven't heard from Marlon. I know it's been dolls going to have a good time tomorrow, but I can tell. Mike, if you're listening, boy, call and sick. Trust me. Before it's too late, do it now. Two open lines are both in Broward, 764-0707. We came back into the room where several people were, including Mark Demos, Jerry Nens, Pastor Dorge. We came into that room and we were there six hours, totally. Not 25 minutes. I wonder what they think they were doing in that room. Maybe they were talking about the things. 11 passed one. Let's take a call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. You're at. Okay. Yeah. Listen. If you're listening, I'll go stick with you. Wait a minute. Are you on a bad phone? I don't think so. On a cheap phone? Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can you hear me? Just barely. It sounds like you're talking through a tin can. All right. If I, if I, if I, I'll, is that okay? Hello. Yeah. Is that better? I, I can hear you fine. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah. I can hear you a little bit. Okay. I, I just wonder. You know, you see the bumper sticker having you, uh, the more majority is meter. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, um, the style around and all is covered. So they're very, uh, follow pretty often politically, you know, uh, sounding up to the president things like this. I'm wondering, and I know you, uh, you're, you're opinion of the people of, uh, the government's order is that they're brain dead people. Yeah. I'm from Northern California myself, I've been here for about a year and a half. Really? And I, uh, you know, I really, you would ever consider to dressing me, uh, the, uh, this constitutional, uh, convention that, uh, the, the conservative rights trying to bring around, you know, to be able to stimulate my interest. Enter. All I'm doing is keeping quiet and hoping it doesn't happen. Well, if it happens, you realize we all have to get a pass for a wrong, and have to leave the country. Yeah. Yeah. I know, can you just imagine? I do do do do. If you need to go and do the first and then that. The new founding fathers at the second constitutional convention, Jim and Tammy Faye, Jerry Fallwell, Ed Mice William Rinn, William Rengwist and Oliver North. Oh, it's pretty scary, Bob. That's a, you know, anywhere. Listen to yourself right off. And I've never called you, so I've, I've called the Cocktail Grounds Out West. And I told the other station out here once. But I just wanted to think of a, you know, sort of my interest. I know there is. You want to come to political discussions out here. Got up if you're not the public and then, you know, That's right. Yeah. You can't wait until I'm here. Well, we all have to be, if we're to the left of a till of the Hongwer all come on Easter, you know that. Please, just say the same. Yeah. Anyway, I have my card in my wallet. Which one? My common Easter card. Here, here, Clobby, communist, they see. Well, listen, you can't come out of hard your closets. You bet, well, you should have a great life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have a lot of the bottomies that are going on now in secret labs all over Townway of Little bits of Bill Casey's brain that are being inserted. So just wait. It's going to be exciting. I'm not suggesting you're not mentioning that if there's a people about being so brainwashed by the image makers, then I think we hold up in the wrong. I just want to alert you. What's going to happen when these people wake up from the operation? They're going to go back to their condos, get their checkbooks, rush to the bank, sign over all their CDs to the contras. That's going to be incredible. All right. Yeah. Okay. Take care. And in that six hours, somewhere along the way you said, Jerry, I want you to take the ministry. And I ask you the question, why do you want me to take it? You said you're the only preacher I trust right now. What do you want? Wait a minute. What? What is words? All I see. 115 at WINZ. Miami. Hello. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to ask you if you saw a 20, 20 last night. No. Okay. What they were talking about was, and I don't know if this is a big issue or not. But with deporting those German, those people were Germans before. And then became Susan, San Bernard, states. And came over on the boat. And then that's how they became American citizens. And then they've been found to be Nazis. Right. And I wanted to hear what opinion I had about that. What opinion I have about it? Yes. I mean, what opinion can you have? This government has a shameful record for 42 years now. This government has been playing cozy with Nazi war criminals. Yes. We never met a Nazi we didn't like. Right. And then they were also, you know, the scientists and whatnot came over and had the diplomatic and the immunity or immunity towards the scientific community. Yeah. I think that was wrong. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. As a matter of fact, when they were trying to figure out a way what to do about Bill Casey, they were very distraught that Dr. Mangala wasn't around anymore. They were all wishing that somebody would have taught him how to swim. It's 116 at WINZ. Hollywood. Hello. Oh. Hi. Did I catch you off guard? Yeah. I love TTL. Ha ha ha. I'm great. I even love Oliver Norris. Excellent. While you have good taste. Oh. They've provided me with many a happy moment. I know. Oh. I wish there were just more of it. Further, he went on to say that he wanted to be a former new board. Oh. And in the course of things, after we had and that was quite a traumatic thing for me as well. After I had agreed to do that, before I left the room, he asked the question, do you think I could ever come back to PTO? What do you think? You say what? Well, I don't think he should. I think he should stick with Jessica on. Yeah. I've even made up a song called The Rate of Jessica on. Really? Yeah. But I haven't got anywhere. That sounds like a delightful little ditty. I play it on Johnson Streetbeats. Do you really? Yeah. I bet that goes over big. Oh, it goes over like a lead balloon. Like a pregnant pole vault, or yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mike, you know what Mike greatest ambition is? I'm afraid to ask. Maybe I should be afraid to tell. Go ahead. We're listening with Bated Breath. Well, I'm trying to be a lesbian, but I can't be very successful at it because I'm... I'm a man and a man can't be a lesbian. Really? Well, you could work on it. You could have the operation first. Yeah. But somebody said I could be a faggot, but that's too normal. I don't want to be a faggot. No, anybody can be that. Yeah. I want to be a lesbian. Nobody can be a lesbian except a woman. But I'm trying hard. But anyway. Yeah. Moving right along. I just wanted to tell you that I love PTO. And Jerry Fallwell and Pat Boone too. What is P-Vecide? That's like a genocide. Hmm. But you kill adolescents. No. When you look at the picture, your whole family dies. C Christians. Joudi? Bitch, hi To Way across USA. Club to eyebrows on the way, shave their legs, and then he was a sheesh, says he'd be. Take a walk on the wild side. It's one-nine scene at WI and Z. Dampia will be long from two to four this afternoon, and what can I say? That we haven't said before. The following, so... OK, one-twenty-two at WI and Z were almost at the end of the road. Can you believe it with a long weekend coming up for some of us? It's kind of like a mini vacation. It's like getting ready for vacations, like doing a little practice run, like getting a workout going three for a long before the big race. Hi, Alia, hello. Hello? Yes. New? Yes. Hi. I'm calling you here for work. I'm listening you for a couple of days. I'm listening you for about this slide. Yesterday, when you were talking about the Cuban scene, all of a sudden, the lady called and said that you were going to be free. Yeah. I want to tell you that it's crazy. So I've really got to call it, too. But I want to ask you a question. Is a personal question about this or an asking? No, we don't answer personal questions on the answer. No, not personal. It's just a question. Yeah. You know, if you saw the Cuban scene... I don't hate the Cubans. Well, you know, I don't know the reason you had the Cuban scene. No, well, whoever told you that didn't know what they're talking about. Or he had to hate the Cubans. I deal with people as individuals. I don't know about you, but I deal with everybody as an individual. Well, you know, yesterday, when you were talking about it, you mentioned it, you know, like the blacks, you mentioned, like the Jewish and the Cuban and the subject. And you said that you had higher leadership. No, I didn't say no. I never said I hate highly. And I never said I hate Miami. Well, you said you were shopping the store. Exactly, because I don't speak Spanish. That's right. But, see, what's wrong with it? I mean, the I'm 24 years old. I've been living here since I was a kid. Yeah. And I was cool. And I got American friends. I got black friends. And I got Jewish friends. Yeah. And I still have my best friends. Same, same, that bad. I mean, I was born in the United States. Now, born from almost 12. Yeah. And I guess I'm Cuban. I mean, I got to your army and stuff like that. But, um, I mean, so what are we talking about? I don't know what you're talking about. Well, you know what I was telling you is, this, you know, my, my answer, my question is, since you were, you know, saying all the things about the Jewish and the black and all like that. All what things, what are you talking about? Folks, what I was saying is, if you, if you don't like Miami, the one on the years get out, one on the years leave. If you don't like the show, why are you listening? And much less, why are you calling it? Well, I'm calling you, tell you. I mean, you said, you have a show to talk, and that's why I'm calling. If you don't like it, why are you listening to it? Well, it's a good show. I'm not saying there's a bad show. Oh, I say. Very good show, but I don't. Well, if I left, you wouldn't have the show to listen to. Your life wouldn't be worth anything if I left. Oh, I know that. OK. I know you have a good show, brand new show. Well, see, I'm doing you a pubic service. Huh? I'm doing you a public service. Well, I know you do a service. OK. What I'm saying is that I just wanted to ask. I live in plantation. I don't live in Miami. I live in plantation. OK. No, at least two dozen people who speak English in plantation. You come back and get to the same question that I asked. No, I'm not coming back to any question. We're not even talking about this today. We talked about it two days ago, not yesterday. And you're rehashing it again. Everybody's getting along just fine today. The other day, I got hanged up by who? I don't know. When they say, I, I was 24 and then I got on it. That's why I caught you. Yeah. I'm going to talk about that about that. Yeah. OK. I just thank you for... I used to live in Hilea. That's why I come. Because you said that, you know, that you do on shopping at Hilea and stores and some of the places because you're like, you know, because people talk Spanish and stuff. Exactly. Why should I go to Hilea? I live in the shop when I live near the Broward Mall. Do you need to live at Broward Mall? Yeah. I used to include some of those. Right. So if you lived there, you wouldn't shop at Westland, would you? Well, you know, I can say, you know, I've got nothing. I guess nobody. Neither. I'm mostly with the boy here. I get along with everybody. OK. All right. Well, thank you for calling us. OK. I'll call you again. All right. Bye-bye. Jim Baker called me on the phone. Sunday night. May 17th. Two months had passed. He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me. As you promised, in Palm Springs, on March 17th. I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped, or someone might be listening in, and it was for the record. I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you. I said, you're flexing. I said, you're flexing. Come on. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're just doing the board. Yeah, hey, you're about me. You're just doing the board too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Put him in electric chamber. Now we're going on a stage this afternoon. Five, five, five, five. Yeah. Yeah. I told you, you feel us feet. I bet he'll let us quit. Five, five, five. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You feel us feet. Where it's about to fade On the Sundays to ever fill off sink Farndee Farndee By my Little going away present for Daffy there Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Farndee Now you're right Maybe they're out of reconsidered the death penalty in France You know what I'm saying? 130 a.m. W.I. and Z. Let's bring back Marie and Tudet Now she had a sense of humor that I enjoyed Farndee Farndee Hello Are you there? Are you gone? Coconut Creek? Hello Hello Yes Hi, how are you? Okay Good. We're looking at a show for a few years now Who knows how long And we took your advice And we went to Casuala The Thai restaurant for dinner last night Yeah The food I was seeing in our tajad It's the greatest And nothing compares to it And I thought we died and went to heaven It was just there was unbelievable Great And the place was spotless And the restaurant business I think it's the A macular conception of The ultimate you can't prepare anything with it We are going to put that in their spot I'm telling you and I would like to thank you so much for that Wonderful things you're doing And I'd like to say hi to Pat and Mary Lou The orders of the restaurant And I'd like to thank you personally Okay I'm going to go shopping Good luck to my call Thank you sir Thank you Bob Have a good life Boy, talk about enthusiasm He was just gushing When I was there March 17 And confronted you with the story I had heard That you had raped some girl in Florida And O'etel You advised me in a private meeting that you did not rape Anyone But that in fact your wife at that time was in the level of another man And you were trying to win her love back And hoping to make her jealous The John West of Fletcher Per your request brought a 19 year old girl down from New York In Jessica Han It's 131 at WI and Z Our next caller is in South Miami Hello Hi Excellent program is usual As usual You know last night I'm Larry King They talked about Jim and Tammy And this guy who was just talking about this fall well And they were all at President Reagan's inaugural in 1981 What does that tell us? They're all good friends of his Consider this a ryan scam thing that's happening now They're all in bed together so to speak Mom wondering if they didn't all get together to kind of take the limelight off the president You had a caller You had a caller You and John were all at rule And I'm wondering if anyone raped anyone she raped you Was that sir? I'm wondering if I didn't buy a donkey with those travelers checks Is it a sign of me an impeachable offense? No, I think he gave all the money to the PTL club And you know the funny thing that nobody mentions is that Oliver North is not only a born again Christian But an absolute fanatic born again I mean he's just a That's right, he's a hit behind the Bible several times So I have a feeling that all of these people once they take the big blanket off in the sky All of these people are going to be lying their naked together in the same big water bed You know for Gary Hart couldn't run because he had overnight thing with a woman Yeah, you notice by the way nobody cares about that anymore You notice how quickly that came and kind of disappeared That's right But boy the Jim and Tammy thing it was hot kind of hot for a little while there Then the Gary Hart thing came and disappeared almost overnight And now Jim and Tammy fair like bigger than Mary Tyler Moore I mean it's just a crumper After I say was got killed last week Yeah, follow just came out with that remarkable statement two days ago It took the line like off the marine thing and then off of what Mr. Gonzalez low pens He got three of four news what he said about Reagan loving all in North San I still can't get over that that's incredible isn't it? I haven't made a bigger thing out of it and they have it blew me out Well if you look at the president's cabinet and all the people that he's appointed in the last six and a half years It's obvious that Ronald Reagan never met an ass he didn't like In the truth is coming out now I don't know why we're not hearing from his supporters to doing anything I guess they're all lining up to the wrong praying They're all praying the Jack Kim's past doesn't come out Wait till I give the picture a pad boon and Jack Kim that's going to be the good one That boon and his brother Baboon Yeah, okay same to you sir the Lord loves you if you began to undress you You were at that moment temporarily impotent so obviously you could not have intercourse with her 134 our next call in Miami Beach hello Tonyo yes, I was out on the morning at the hospital taking tests But when I came back I heard you mention that boon again Yes, so my stiff like forever Will you tell me what it's about are you mean you don't know? No, are you cereal? No, I was a doctor's all lost in union yesterday in the hospital this morning And I'd like to know just what it is inside just mentioned I never did my 10 And it's still a reason why are you standing up or sitting down? Okay, I have in my hand from the January 1980 for issue of hospital magazine a two-page article Pat Boon nude Are you following me so far? Yes, I'm sorry. Okay Yeah, that's very nice. That's all I have a thought of him That's not very very good parents And the second page has a picture of young Pat about 20 years old And he has a cardboard box with a big hole in it And you can you'll have to use your own imagination as to what he's sticking through the hole Yes, I'm already following you Are you going to send in for your copy? No, but I'll send you in and check for your calls Excellent Okay, thank you Thank you Bye You told me the 15 minutes later you were in the shower saying weeping and saying to God, oh God, I've been with a whore It's 136 at WI and Z. I think we should we have two more breaks or one One Two Okay, well, let's try one now and if it works well, we'll do another one later It's holiday ethics on the memorial that you're in the northern tire center And we're in this incredible sale, get around it Here in the checkpad Boon out and what a disappointment They said no big deal that was the reaction they couldn't believe it They said that last time they were to the track and saw the jockey's was the last time they saw anything even close to that small I mean, you're going to be in for a shock and this is not a put on I mean, this is for real if you like a free copy will send you both pages And again, thank the gentleman who brought this in yesterday and trust me sir, you will get it back In fact, what I plan on doing is sending him one of those 100 the virgin copies that we're getting At least we can do for him from hustler But if you want your own copy of Pat Boon nude Always not nude, he's got all the rest of his clothes on it Just what he's sticking through the cardboard box that I imagine would bring a lot of attention Especially over the art stinesies In fact, they've requested the first copy over there They want to check this out to see if it's true or if it's just another ugly rumor that that guy in a radio That shot-jockey started, that's what they alleged is the reason that they want to have a look at it They want to inspect it at the rectory Hollywood, hello Hi Hi Neil, I had something happen to me unbelievable yesterday concerning you I had your program on and forward was in the back but you know you've been with a horror Two young fellows work into this store and watching for a friend of mine And they said, is that Neil Rogers on the radio I said yes and they said you should not be listening to him The man is evil and Christ will call a sword down the count for this I said, I don't begrudge you you're right Stay away from Montesville But how did you recognize his voice so quickly? Yeah He said, we are low, taught to know the voice of the devil Oh absolutely And these are not all people, grown these were young fellows no more than 20 Another thing you have to hold issue of that January with Pat Boom No, I just have the two pages Because I went crazy looking for that I had thrown all my old copies away but I had sent a picture in it one time of a night plan that they published With a little thing on the bottom And it happened to be in the same issue So I'm thinking am I going to be a millionaire with having the front of the radio radio It could be I'm telling you these could be collectors copies It could be more valuable than Elvis's Water But anyway, it's really an awful picture Isn't it the guy who really ought to join a Montes Starving Oh absolutely, I mean it makes me feel good at this point You know, I just I can't believe that there's anything that tiny You know what I'm saying? Yeah Now we know I surely fully left him a couple of times Anyway, they're on to you and they're out to get you bow Okay, well, I'm not watching the format called it a mar They're two plunging their brains out for God I think it's just a good mar See you later We came back into the room where several people were Including Mark Demos, Jerry Nems, Pastor Dorge We came into that room and we were there six hours, totally I'm glad you're alive I'm alive I'm alive One forty two at Wins, Miami, hello Hello Yes Listen, Neil, I love you, program I've been listening to for three days It's been a minute, turn me on to it But I'll start with another friend of mine There was about the whole ordeal with the no religious scandal Yeah And I think that I think it's funny that they can teach people Like, you know, my baker and follow They're getting all this money And then they're not taxed by the government Yeah That's the best part of it in their eyes Don't get a bit taxed And I think that, you know, that's because church and state should be separate That's what the Constitution says And I think that if they're going to follow that part of the Constitution I think that should also follow the, you know, the first amendment With the Senate Chair With the non-compete clause right Okay, well listen, good luck to you, have a great weekend Stay tuned for further adventures Good luck at the rancher Thank you, I'm good night Audio So Vester Stallone stars in his most challenging role Since Ryan Stone Yo, man, you can't And you can't without taking And now you're for it, yeah Stallone is Manelow And Barry, first-wamp, Park One I'm miracle I'm a miracle I'm a miracle I'm a miracle When my own day Rex Reed says, I love the costumes Gene Cisco exclaims four stars Yo, absolutely Roger Ebert says, past the popcorn So Vester Stallone as the Lemp Arm of the Law First went part one You're the Disney Did I make sure Yes, you're coming And coming this summer I don't you, I'm a world of wine Roger Howard in I don't you, I'm a world of wine He was last adventure I don't you have a world of And in that six hours Somewhere along the way you said, Jerry, I want you to take the ministry And I ask you the question, why do you want me to take it? You said you're the only preacher I trust right now You don't want me to take it When I cry Each time I saw the sun Take all of my eyes Run to the sun You know, there's something that just Just on me You notice that real high pitch in his voice I don't know nothing about music So I don't know what do they call it? Canner? Something like that Like a squeaky tenor Kind of like Ron Sacks Now I don't want to get to graphic But remember the day we were talking about When Tom Gallagher was in here in Ligilette And there's that old stereotype about guys who have real deep voices Have got, um, how do I say it delicately, okay? More than a generous share of whatever the Lord handed out Is that a very nice, uh, gentile way of saying it? Or Gentile way of saying it? Well, there goes that, there goes our spotlight Kyle just dropped one of our, um, prizes from the Harold On the floor in the control room, that's the end of that Anyway, getting back to this and trying to handle it delicately If you notice that real high pitch when Pat sings Then you look at the picture, I think you'll begin to realize Seriously, that there's more to it Now, perhaps Ron Sacks will like to face up, huh? I mean, what's it all about down there, Ryan? And of course, I guess if that were your fate in life, you would win a lot too 146 at W-I-N-Z and let's... I got, I'm going to tell you something If you ever did anything that I suggested that you should do Writing in for a copy of the picture is, uh, it's imperative I mean, if you just want to go crazy and of course the copies are not, I will grant you, they're not as good as your original, but make no mistake about it Make no bones about it Uh, you're just going to have a nervous breakdown when you see this You'll be the head of the party all over town Okay, let's get back to the calls, Miami Beach, hello, Neil Yes sir? Yeah, you were all the interludes in between the phone call, but I didn't think I'd get on But the first thing is I want to ask you, uh, is it true that Captain McIllum's not going to be on anymore? That's correct That's correct From when is it going to be? Uh, this is your last show today Why, what's the reason for that? Well, you gave him when you asked me what's the reason for that, you have to ask management, right? He does the theory of the theory, is the real reason Is it because the ratings are down or something? You didn't let me finish my sentence Okay, I don't make those decisions In spite of what many of her callers said yesterday I have nothing to do with who stays, who gets fired, who gets hired I have nothing to do with any of that Management makes those decisions Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't even hear a show yet That just heard you saying yesterday that she meant just not going to be on anymore Yeah, well, you know, what she does, and again, I commend her for, you know, going out like a pro And not making a big scene and, you know, conducting yourself in that way all along And I commend her for that, but what she's doing is that just doesn't fit in what where the station wants to be Who is going to be taking her place, but they know yet? Stan Major Oh, you know who he is I heard I used to hear him one a long time ago, I think Right Uh-huh Anyway, I think you realize it's calling you now I think you know my voice is ready, right? I didn't in the beginning, but now that you mentioned it I've called you last time before, taste us, wish you a happy taste I can, yes I'd wish you a happy spruce And I hope you ensure your blinces Well, as a matter of fact, that's going to be taffy subject on our last day today Should Gentile celebrate you a voice Okay, but I hope you enjoy your blinces Okay Okay You too Okay When is this? Hmm, okay, 12 minutes before two at Winds, I think we ought to take our last break Are we going to do lots of locks? Or is it locks? Or is it locks? Or is it that one next? Okay, somebody is out to lunch on the beach, hello? Hi, how are you? Are you out to lunch? Well, I'm on my lunch hour I'm not allowed to lunch, no? I'm not allowed to. I'm not allowed to. I'm not allowed to. I'm not allowed to. I'm not allowed to. I'm not allowed to. I personally want to congratulate you for the job you're doing I'm from New York and I just want to listen to how it's turned Yeah And you can beat them over the head, that's why I mean I run a move on public So, what you don't get now until I take care of you Because they wait all day long I must tell you though, I must congratulate you You have opened up my mother's mind We have been trying to do it for years Yeah She now listens to you, she's got a radio and every room Are you sure? Programmed in general of car radio Great Do you know anything? And who knows? She made this up a paper but not the Miami home And she told me that my grandfather who was a plesmer for 45 years When he came down, yes, we have four times a year We never buy that paper He called it a scavenous paper That's a good word for it Yeah, well, definitely To polite word for it To polite word for it To the strict that we pulled mother's day To take pictures of us, I didn't want to Oh boy Did they have a line and they wouldn't let us throw And I said, man, tell them you know new Rogers And it would take this flow They were waiting for the white little bag of rolls I had a great line of company From the woman said, dear can I have more rolls He said, show money So they just finished the one in your purse No, that's great Isn't that great? That's excellent I mean, I went to high school down here Head over the, you know, it was against the wall Little people of little minds and I hope you do start a big movement Well, there are a lot of people in South Florida trying to start a big movement Some of them have been working on it for years I said, I always said it's your problem I said, that's the biggest problem I know if you put it to a preparation The city was in the state with this a PM Yeah I really, but congratulations and don't give up Okay Some people that have a brain Well, we're going to start a new movement It's called BM and the PM You got it red right Okay, see you later Okay, 10 minutes before 2 at WI and Z Now can we take our break? I mean listen, you know, I'm cooperative I'll do whatever you say Thank you for your sweet Why do we got our bonus spotlight back And one piece again That's good That's excellent That can be the prunalurt In a control room, very good That's the most expensive piece of equipment We've had put up there in a long time It's 8 minutes before 2 at WI and Z For a lot of day, hello Hello Yes, hi I think the red, the picture of Pat Boone He can't blame anybody by himself Because both men, you wrote a sand If you were to look at them a little short Maybe he wouldn't have worked on to win up Couldn't it be any shorter than this, believe me In fact, he can only write parts of letters now That's what happened He started in the 50s and they got left You got it Okay, I just want to write away Who do I send to to get copy of it? Okay, just let me a stamped self-addressed envelope To Boone Box Boone Box Okay Not Boone as an M like a radio But Boone Box with an N's Carre Neorodges WI and Z Right Miami 33055 All right And trust me, it'll be well worth the post Did you it'll be a collector's item? All right, thanks Okay Homestead, hello Homestead is long, go on Is there anybody else on it that we want to talk to? No? A lot of lines lip, but I guess we don't want to talk to any of them Okay, well listen, it's 6-4-2 So instead of talking to somebody, I guess we'll play something A lot of lines on there, but according to Kyle Nobody that I want to talk to and if anybody knows he knows Oh, I know what we ought to play that we haven't played all day today If I can find it, okay, this is like a countdown It's like seeing you can neophyte it in the rack before the show ends We gotta have some kind of a sound effect, oh here it is Say no problem Just because we got 7,000 carts in here in Oswegg It's late at night, you're a faster sleep And a shudderway figure is about to break into your home But you're protected Yes, it's the same brown home security alone The heart is working along in the safety business Designed by the godfather of home protection himself The games bound along protect you from burglars Peep and dogs And if you act now, we'll include it no extra cost The patent is James Brown, hot pants, fire alarm So put the soul patrol on your keyhole With a James Brown home security system You'll say Jim Baker called me on the phone Sunday night, May 17 Two months had passed He said, Jerry, I want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me As you promised in Palm Springs, on March 17 I said, Jim, assuming it was being taped Or someone might be listening in and it was for the record I said, Jim, here's what I want to say to you I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly paid It's 4.5 before 2 You realize we can get 80 shows out of that Easy Starting yesterday, well let's see that leaves a 78 78 in the half because we haven't done nearly as much as we should have done Okay, we're almost at the end of the line And I get two days off this weekend, which is really exciting And I understand that Bill Carter is going to be making one of his rear public appearances at the track tomorrow And we're all looking forward to that I understand that there's a rumor going around that Mike Miller and his agent might show up there two tomorrow So we're really excited about that And got the racing form, Carter's going to have a nervous breakdown When he finds out, I understand through the grapevine that he's got our passes But I have in my hot little hand, alongside my Pat Boone photos The Daily Racing Form Beaton favorite in the first, the first time starter trained by Cam Gambalotti And written by Santiago Soto I'm not, I'm not, I'm not counting on these, I'm just making noise on the arrow Kim, just making little gutteral sounds And across here all of a coldest favorite horses Jose Horei He's going to go nuts tomorrow Happy Gypsy, Terry at Secret Here's one for me, Homo Adonis, that's a good one's one of my favorites Um, they're all in there And then in the eighth race, don't forget Don't forget if I can find it Perfect parade, poor Doug Valiente boy Got set down four races in a row, this was one of me one going away In a $25,000 allowance race on the grass And got set down, and this time he gets the services of Hela Burdo Castillo So perfect parade, and just again, not touting don't to get angry with me, okay? Just send in your losing tickets to Oliver North And we'll redeem them by sending them to Barbara Studley Okay, that's going to do it, and we wish Taffy a good trip in Paris and the best of luck And the her audience out there I know that they're going to be attacking me for the next two hours But that's the way it is, you know You've got to find somebody to blame, there's always got to be a scapegoat I'm responsible, just remember if we have an earthquake if we have a hurricane having for bid If it floods out in your backyard, if the electricity goes off no matter what it is, it's kneels full Okay, and I accept responsibility, I'm not even going to argue with those people Because most of them are over the age of 200 anyway So have a great time, we thank Mike Spendell for filling in tomorrow while we're out there Just taking away thousands from Carter and we'll look for your Monday morning at 10 here on wins