In fact, maybe we'll just take calls for a while from people in mobile phones. How long do you think we can make that last? Kill about 20 after? Quarter after? About 10-13. But don't call it yet, because we haven't really said anything yet, right? Well, if you want to, that's okay with me, because at 35 cents a minute, look at all the money we can make for the phone company. So if there are any of you guys, because I know that we only have one woman who's got a mobile phone, what a sexist thing that whole business is, right about mobile phones? The men, all the yuppies and all the foods have the mobile phones, the males, the women's foods, they haven't got anything, which is really bizarre. I don't know what they'll all that's all about. But anyway, one of the other things I really wanted to get into, how many people in the audience just finished watching Donahue this morning. And I think he taped that about a week ago. I correct something like that a few days ago in Fort Loderdale. And boy, I'm telling you, just what we need more great publicity, right? America continues to look down upon us, and I'm doing me look down and realize what a bunch of aberrant douchebags there are in this community. I mean, we have gotten more per square-ranged than you're going to find anywhere. All those brilliant businessmen in Fort Loderdale, man. And just brilliant. Where did everybody go? What happened? They don't want young people. They certainly don't want very old people. They want the perfect demographic. They want the, it's kind of like the contest that we're running. They want the perfect body and the perfect demographic and all the perfect body parts and how big they're supposed to be and expect it to all be in the right place. And if you're not in that category, man, don't come to Fort Loderdale because we don't want you here. That's a bottom line. And that's why next year in the spring, you'll be able to drive cannonballs up and down A1A because you're not going to be anybody there. Including most of those business people because they're all going to be out of business. You think there's anybody in the audience here this morning or they in a coma again? I was planning on doing a good show today, but if they're going to be a lithargic trust mate, we'll save the good stuff for tomorrow. And by the way, speaking of tomorrow, is that going to be some kind of a show? We have that genius from the FCC up in Washington is going to be on the phone with us the first hour and he's going to give us the outcome of today's hearings on the Howard Stern show and there are two other shows that are under investigation because of their content or language or something like that. And we're going to fight out about that tomorrow. And also we're going to have delineated for us. Is that a big enough word for Taffy? They're going to delineate the guidelines for what we can and cannot say on the air. That's from 10 to 11. And then from 11 to 2, we're going to say everything that they tell us that we can say. And I mean that. In other words, this guy better really let it all hang out from 10 to 11 because anything that he says is verboten fine. We'll write it down and we'll put it on the ceiling here and we'll make sure that nobody says it. But anything shy of that, good luck to him. I think those people in the mobile phone should be calling now, don't you? No, I'm not asking you to check because there's nobody calling, but I think they're really they ought to be on the line. The only problem it's going to be with this is that if we put them all on hold, oh, I see. I never thought about that because most of our bunch of cheap skates anyway, they're just a bunch of suits trying to impress everybody, but they never use those phones. But if we put them on hold, then it starts running up at 35 cents a minute while around a hole. Never thought about that. Okay, what we might do is if you're in a mobile phone this morning and you want to comment on any of these things that liberachi you or on the spring break or don't you or anything you want to talk about or you just want to call in and make a fool of yourself. You can call and just let the line keep ringing. How's that? We'll do it like Larry King. Only I'm not quite as ugly as Larry, but we'll try to work on it anyway. We'll use a good imagination. By the way, did you see Jikas calling the other day in the Miami news about how Larry King may be audio in May in the South Florida? This is hometown. And evidently now that IOD is dropping his show, it would appear that nobody else is going to pick it up. And that's because he owes everybody here so much money that they don't want anything to do with him. It's incredible. Okay, let me see those loud. Look at that. They're flashing like a Hanukkah bush. I can't believe it. Let me get the numbers out. And what we'll do is we'll answer them one at a time. Now, what if they're not in mobile phones? What are you going to just hang up on? Good. Kyle said, absolutely. We're just going to hang up on them and get rid of them. So here are the numbers. And again, if you're in a mobile phone, you let it keep ringing. And then what we're ready to get to you, boy, this could be a whole new format for a new show on his station. 624-0191. See, I was really impressed because all the lines were ringing out. Everybody in date county disappeared again. 624-0191 in it, Broward 764-0707. I mean, can you follow this? There's this little too complicated for you folks. I know that I have to draw a diagram and it's hard to do on the radio. Look at that. All the lines are flashing there. It's incredible. And I'm going to tell you, if this is not liver-ratchy, then I'm going to push me. No question about it. I can't believe that picture. It's unbelievable. The caller online to says he's on a mobile phone. Is that true, sir? Yes. Okay, Kyle doesn't believe you. All right. I shouldn't have done that. Okay, I'm trying to, I can know for a lot of dealers sort of running people out running business out. They had a plan show here a couple of weeks ago. I tried to call it a call. No wait a minute, sir. The plan shows on WIOD on another weekend. I know, sir, you're probably at my understanding radio. That's okay. If it's something up anyway, they had a plan show of Wilmingmore. And they were, you know, having people come over in. You buy plans. You put it right here in half, your apartment, etc. The city of Fort Waterdale has come over to where I am. And they said that you can't put any plans outside your apartment or your home or anything like that. You don't have anything outside of your door. How about a welcome, Matt? Is that also illegal? I don't know where they'd like that. Never worry. It's only our right if it says kids go away. Then it's okay. Now the work you're delivering here apartment like that's right. Nothing outside yourself. Well, not exactly. In fact, what they're doing instead of placements outside they're having credits rush heed mats outside the door so that if anybody plans and go out they'll only do it once. That's it. Well, I had to as a matter of fact, along that line. So that people wouldn't break into, we live up on the second floor and there's nobody to pay that attention in the building that we live in. And I had some, some, some metal shelves that were fed up against the wall that I had my plan on. And the purpose, one of the main purpose is whether it's another day couldn't break into the window, other words the shelves would be in front of window and the plants would be on the shelves and it would be somewhat discouraging or rowing around with them with cars, some disturbance. Are you really spending 35 cents a minute to tell me this sir? Absolutely. Well, I tell you, you're really a hell of a big time spender. You're the kind of guy they need in for a waterdale. Well, I feel some years running me out. I live here 27 years and I feel that living in for a waterdale today is like living in that term of a year. Exactly. No question about it. Exactly. And thank you. And I think they seem to, they pick up even when you talk to people. I went to Orlando this weekend and people there that they, you couldn't move these. The traffic to business to kids and the streets were loaded. Businesses were booming. And I think what it is is the business that they run away from here has gone out of places such as Big Turtle. Oh, and what did you say? Sir did you say Orlando didn't you read Bob Rubens column in the Harold's Fort section this morning? Poor Bob is all upset or land those Miami bashing is Mickey Mouse. He says poor Bob they're picking on his Bobby. I'm sorry. This is such a bush league town here. It's unbelievable. And Bob Ruben epitomizes everything that's bush league about South Florida. He's just like in Pope. You know, he likes to think that he's writing in New York and here he is in Miami. We're always having the dolphins. You know, he likes to think he's a real sports writer. I pick up. I'm a radio freak. I listen to the news on the radio. I don't really read the paper. So I must say that I, you know, I'm not a sports fan. I don't see it. I was good at sports tonight. I mean, I could watch a fighter's birthday. What does that mean to you? You used to skip gym class a lot. What are you trying to tell me? I don't know. I'm not a sports person. I don't read the paper. I listen to the news. I listen to the, whatever I want to hear, I watch it on the news media. And I get I catch birds that are on the radio. Even late at night, three, four, clock, morning, I'm listening to it. What does this happen to the price of peas in Fort Lauderdale sir? What does that mean? I don't want to feed a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse, a dead horse. I'm sure you're doing a hell of a job of it. I'll tell you that. I mean, you're at the top of our stretch area, let her go in reverse. You're going to be at the quarter pole any second sir. I can, I can tell you. You're like some of the horses I've bet on it colder. Don't you ever pick any winners on? Every now and then, I think twice last summer was pretty good. Well, when you go to the dark, the horse track or high ride, there's no winners. There's no winners. If you like to gamble and you have money, you want to go for entertainment. I don't think there's many winners there. You sure are covering a lot of ground in a short period of time. I mean, you're really cutting all bases. I think for a lot of them is going to be worse than Miami. Really? Absolutely. Yeah. Well, they have that new project called Graveside coming up in for a lot of mail. I'm not aware of that. Yeah, it's going to compete with Bayside. Graveside. Well, I can tell you that they out bit Helen Dale for it. If they attitude or the city of for a lot of them continues, there's not going to be anybody here. Okay, sir. Well, listen, I'll see you in the front porch. All right, yeah. No front porch for me. Hey, say nothing is around on your porch. You're right, Nancy. You're going to get it out. Okay. All right. Good luck, the sir. I'll stung. It's 21 minutes past 10 at WI and Z. That's pretty good, huh? See, this is a situation we only need one call at a time, right? John Hinkley and Bonnie and Clyde in the control room. Okay, I can't believe that we have a real degenerate on a phone here. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Marlin, what's going on? Are you in or out? Well, we're going to get in and we'll get out fast as we can. I would live and downtown Miami in about an hour when it's done. Get the costume's on with myself. We're going to be passing up ahead this time. So to speak. You got it. I'm a little bit of one thing. Okay, now where's this going to be downtown? Downtown Miami, all along Flagler's Theatre around the Courthouse. That's probably first before. Oh, yeah, right under that new erection downtown. You got it. Incredible. And we'll public check back with here in between the 11-degree one. Do you want to look your helmet going? Okay, well, Marlin, we always set it right here that you couldn't get arrested, but I think you're right to disprove that today. I got it feeling something's going to happen. Okay, great. You're just a giant condom. Really? Well, we sent Kathy Weston there to see we give her a little instruction here the other day, so I'd watch out for her. They heard she was coming. Two fingers. I hear her. Okay, Marlin, good luck to you. Okay. Okay, 25 past 10 at WI and Z. There he is, Mr. Raspurm King himself. And we have a color in line four on a mobile phone we presume. Hello. Are you there? Now, see a cheap skate. He probably figured we put him on hold. Okay, let me give those numbers again, because this was going to work real well, but I have a feeling like a sinking feeling in a pit of my stomach that we could have just shot the whole deal. In date County 624, I mean, is it really, this is too complicated for you, isn't it? Folks, it's much too complex. When we don't want people in mobile phones, they're a pain in the ass, they get on here, you know, every now and then we got to go to home first because they lay a guilt trip on us because it's 35 cents a minute. If we put them on hold, they start getting better, they shape. But when we invite them, when we go to extraordinary lengths and invite them, even set up a whole special deal for them on the phone, they can't figure it out. Hello. Let me say it again. Hello, sir. Hi, I wanted to speak up, sir. Turn the radio long. Oh man, is this guy a winner? Go ahead. I have a look at the radio, just a true zikpia de up the air in Chicago in 1964, but telling a joke, that problem was pretty bad then. I remember that, I remember when Dick the Andy disappeared in Buffalo at WKBW. Well, he was my album when I was in high school. Really? Well, that explains your present mental states, sir. Anyways, since I gave the board, I'm not going to want to say. I'll leave the truck a couple of months ago, that came with an AM radio. Wait a minute, you're leased a truck? Yes, I'm going to leave the truck. What are you doing? Robbing a bank this morning, sir. What is it that you're doing? A delivering plant. Another plant guy. Oh, this is good. The guy from IOD must be looking for a job. Delivering plant? I, uh, I'll leave the truck to came with an AM radio. Yeah. And since I don't think Spanish, I went to the dial when I thought about your show. You were this? No one had told you I've been a while listening to everything, but since then, and, uh, it wasn't for the factory, that the, uh, we can companies, screw me out of the FM radio, I know what it is covered with your show. Why are you seeing every, uh, your redark cloud is a little silver lining? Yes, and, uh, I just wanted to, but you know that, uh, I'm a while listener, and, uh, not everybody, uh, where the mobile phone is driving at the MW635. Exactly. Okay, we're impressed, sir. There he goes. You didn't have much to say to the 28 minutes past 10 at WINZ. This is going over like a lead balloon in the heated July. For a minute there was grave, but you know the problem was because the phone kept ringing. They all got confused. Man, you talk about dumb. Those people in those cars with the mobile phones, they are so dumb. Have you ever driven by one of those people? And they're not paying any attention to what they're doing. They don't even have time to comb their hair or do their makeup. Even the guys. It's incredible. You know, they're busy with the phone. And they're not talking anybody. They just want everybody else going by to watch them and impress them like they're really talking to somebody on a mobile phone. Like, look at me, you know, we got Glenn again in a mobile phone. Okay, let me give the numbers on again. And let me try to explain to you ladies and gentlemen what we're doing this morning. If this for a little bit of diversion, okay, can you understand this? If you're on a mobile phone, I know there are thousands of you out there because when we don't want to hear from you, you're all over the place, just dial the number and let it keep ringing. It won't cost you anything. What's that we're talking about? Is anybody seen at picture on 9a in a Harold? You don't have to be in a mobile phone. Let's get back to the regular show because if I keep pushing this, the rest of the audience is going to be revolting by 11 o'clock. More so than usual. In date count a 624-0191. 624-0191. And it's Broward 764-0707. I already do, I think they're all in the coma this morning. Can that be possible? Okay, what we're going to do, we've got some amount of body that we're going to be playing. It's part of the new wind's format that starts on Monday. We might preview for a little bit early. But man, you just have to be quick. You have to be quick and the people here are so slow. It's like they're in first gear. God, almighty, I can't believe this. Let me give those numbers one more time. I can't believe this this morning. This is embarrassing. In date count a 624. Did anybody see Donna Hill? Are your TV sets working? Is the whole audience on work release? 624-0191. And in Broward 764-0707. And I'm still waiting for Kyle to do so. Well, I'm going to take a break because I can't deal with this. Right. You want to just take a break and then we'll go home? Because this audience this morning, man. I'm telling you, they are really on heavy duty drugs. There's no question about it. It's 1033 at WINZ. When we come back, Tathy will be here. Looking at this morning is a fix it back there. Somebody, do we have a real long microad? Because I'm going out on strike today. I really am. I mean, to go into the newsroom or I'm going outside if we have one that long. If we got a long microad must have one back there in engineering, no way. I'm not joking. I'm serious. I'm leaving this room. Because I'm not going to deal with these people with these deadheads on a phone. They're all flashing and flashing and not looked on. There's like two calls and then they're flashing again. You know, put away the raincoat. What do you know, pal? I mean, let's get serious here already. I'm not going to sit in a studio and be a prisoner of this stupid telephone. I mean, just out of the clear blue again, here it is. Another Thursday and they're all in the twilight zone today. We had to just pick our brains out to get a couple of calls on mobile phones. And now we're going through another whole syndrome altogether. Is there anybody back there in engineering? I see a little light on. Is that the Christopher Candleys got on back there? Is that a light bulb? There's anybody back in engineering. We want one of those real long microads. And there's a decent outside. It seemed to me it was pretty nice when I came to work on a shining. Maybe we could put a little chair out there in the back. My watch is right on target. We'll take the log and we'll interview some of the birds in the back. Now no more mobile phones. Tell a guy to get lost. Is that you? Yeah. Are you a mobile phone? We don't want to talk to you now. It's 22 to be 411 at WINZ. Where's somebody in engineering? Are we like we were the other day? When the mongers died, there's got to be somebody back there. See they're pretending they don't hear me because they think I'm going to do something irrational. And they know better than that. And I keep looking around here. I think we're going to play music to find somebody in engineering with a long My chord. I know it's not at the hallmark. You know a question about that. White left town with a banana. Oh, are rotten. Do you? About that yellow devil hiding in her purse. He's cold. He's hard. But he's not a peo. I hope it never happens to you. Some free breaks you're married into. The white left town with a banana. Maybe he's still in a way. I'm a jealous man. Come to sing, sing to Latin love, And now it's the thing, oh, we're right here. And right now I could just die. Easy, my banana cream pie. My flat town with a banana. My baby slipping. My baby slipping. My baby slipping away. You're not going to believe this, but there's nobody in here. I mean, it's like, is there anybody in this building, listening to the show even Kyle has turned it off? You know, what is this all about? Is this a surprise today? This is like the day after income tax deadline. Right? This is going to get even with you. I don't believe this. I'm not joking around. Because if there's nobody going to bring it here, I'll just get up and we'll leave dead air. Don't answer the phone anymore. Don't even waste your time with it. I'll go back and I'll find one myself back there. See, he's insisting on answering the party. We'll not listen to the show. They're all in a different wavelength. I don't think we've been on the air this morning. This is a dry run. I'm not going to talk to those nerds. Screw them. I've been waiting 35 minutes. And they all just can't make up their mind. They can't get their act to get to this morning. It must have a new game or something going on. Can't believe it. They're not even calling, Oh, you're calling engineering. Excuse me. There's nobody back there. They're out to lunch. It's 20 to 11. They're out to lunch already. There really is nobody back there. Then we got 200 people wandering around this building. Wouldn't you think there's somebody with a mic cord? I mean, not everybody in a building could have had their cords tied this morning. Where is one? Is that an engineer? Who is that? Oh, no, it's not an engineer. Well, it's almost an engineer. He used to be until a poor-all-at-team aboard. Is there anybody back there, Dan? Nobody is back there. Well, you can find me along my court. I mean, are you in a wrong unit or something? Do something constructive? Boy, look how fast he's moving. He just his feet are barely in motion. Harrison standing in there. He's in a coma this morning. Look at that. I can't believe this. These people are all on a heavy, heavy drugs today. Is there anybody in the building who's alive? Is there something that went on during the attend 30 break that I didn't know about? Man, this is incredible. Is it like I'm asking for them to bring in a hollow vase or something? Or just because we missed poor, I'm going to bring in a carton of home and tussians. Forget it. They left me out on poor, and they're not going to do it now. How about some stale moths? Anything. Boys is embarrassing. We have a live studio audience this morning on work release, and we can't even get a mic cord in here. Got a mic cord or what? Look at, oh, this is the guy with a short clip. Get out of here. Where do you please? We know how long your cord is. Gary Lawrence comes in here with about a three inch cord. No, that's not a long cord. Or this is the lowest budget station in America folks. W-O-F-F-I-N-O-H-We had a cell in my cords to pay my salary. That's going to be the next story. We had a pain-neal salary by auctioning off all of our equipment. I know. How about a pot of tea, at least? I could spill it in the equipment here or something. No, they've got a long... They don't have any back there. They've got a wound up 80 yards long. Come on, we used them at the hallmark. No, don't, don't, yank my cord. What do you please is got to be something back there. Look at this. We got the whole station running around in the hallway. This is the most action they've seen since I-95, but did that. I'm telling you. Since they burned all those 95 INZ bumper stickers. This is the most action we've had. Geez, oh my god, look at this. A real honest-to-got engineer with a long cord. We always knew you had a long cord. That's what Sandy told us. That's why she's in hiding. She is. She's in hiding these days. But the hair's fixed it now. Man, I'm telling you, I already took him what? 15 minutes to get in here? Nobody told you. I know you were listening to I-O-D. Calder's not that funny this morning. I heard him coming to work. He gave me all this material yesterday and said I could use it. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. I'll tell you what. Let's take our last break a little bit ahead of time. I know this is going to get somebody in traffic all upset. But let's take it a little bit ahead of time and then we're going to do the whole rest of the show out in the backyard and in the hall. I'm not taking these calls today. No more stits on it. Let me see it again. That was exciting. This is quite a minute. Are we on the air? Here we're on the air. All of a sudden, I feel like Intendola, listen to this. Does this sound as bad on the air as I hear it in my ears? No? You're laughing. Boy, that was pathetic. Okay, we're up here in front of the HM. What we're going to do is go around and find out what the whole these people do all day. Look at that. There's Bunky Byer. Come on, Bunky. Let's put you on the air first. Man, that'll put him to sleep. That'll put him back to sleep. Look at Bunky here with a big smile on his face. Have you had that brain transplant yet, Bunky? Man, you're reading. What's in the cup? It's just John Broward. This early in the morning. Already, how man, a governor will get it to you. That's tidy, bull. Is it really? I know it looks like it just came out of there too. Look at that. The color of buck. What we're doing out here in the middle of all was a hubbub. We're taking a show outside. We're hitting a road with a show. Here comes Ron Harris. He's been hit before. Oh yeah, Ron Harris has been all over the road. Look at that. He wants speak to us now. Big sports star. Look at this. Look at all of these people out here. We got the folks on work release. We got body implied and John Hinkley over there. Ron is it? They said your house yet? Have I? What? So, your house yet? No, I haven't. So, you heard about your big offer in New York. Yeah, I did get one. It's working. I'm working on it right now. We got the house up for sale and I'm in contract negotiations here too. You know who any of these people are out here? What they do? I don't know the names of anybody in this building. Not one sold, I know the names. They changed so fast. They sent out 422 W2 forms this year. Really? You know there are people who show up twice a month here. Every other Friday. Why am I wearing it? You know the interesting thing about where are you set phones? Look what they're connected to. Yeah. Nothing. You know what these people do? They pick up, I'm still living or is it your job? Are you still living or is it your job? No, I thought I'd come out here and just act like the rest of the talk show. Whether you're done with traffic. Yeah, get out of here, monkey. Oh, we're going to use the cordless mic now. If you're mail. I'm going to go get the mail in just a second. What are you doing with that, Max? I'm going to go get the mail in just a second. What are you doing with that, Max? Why are you looking at that? Okay, this is going to be good. This hour's a little disorganized. It rid of the phone altogether. How far is this going to reach? Because I want to go outside and along. We might go in interview Gary Lawrence before the show is over. Two is he in there? Or is he working on the FM? Well, that's it. That's the end of my cord. Yeah, we'll pick you up. Are we going to use the micless mic that? I'll be good. I'm going to go out on 47th Avenue with that. How far will that go? Why now? I'll find out. Okay. These listening in tune. Okay. Are you hurrying to talk to me? Yeah. I'll work in. Let's go back to the response. That's good. I wouldn't mind if I just walked up the clock. Get a cat fight on your own. Talk and you're in the wrong world. Hey, Gary. What's wrong with this? Go check it out. Will you play a special? It's probably turned off. It's working. Oh, it is working. That's working. It helps to turn it on. High-clamination hearing stamp folks. We just turned it on. We're going to go into Gary Lawrence's office a little later here about the new format on the FM next week. That's not the good. Now we're out here. This is what it's all about. We're out here. How far can I go? We're going to cheer up here. Can I do the show in a chair? Yeah. Bring a chair out here. I'll get a little. Hey, John. You know what? I don't know. Bring way to what? Anyway, you're liking the sun. Is it sound okay in here or what? Yeah, you do. Go back to the other mic. Or this is incredible. Isn't it just like going out and doing your remote? Hello, hello, tach, hello, hello, do you hear me? Look at that. There's Harrison. He just stole this one from the keys. I can't believe it. Isn't this more like it? I feel just like I'm on live at five all of a sudden. Isn't that great if we could get some long furniture out here? And we could get that what's your name that token black that they have on there on channel L.7? Really? I believe it. In fact, he's working on your hood right now. He's working on your new grill. Prentices, he's a hell of a, he's a lot of fun at a party, Ron. He works the barbecue like a master. It's incredible. There he goes. He got some people out there stealing a couple of cars. This goes on every day and a wind parking lot. They got that sign that says a Jiffy car wash. And you give him the keys and man, you never see it again. It's incredible. This is great. You know all we need now? All we need are a few horse races here. A couple of windows inside. We haven't made. This would be heaven. Don't you think I could do the show from call to every day. Once it gets to be the end of May, that would be incredible. That would be great. And the best part of it is is that I have my back. Oh, look at this. We've got our own little table. I can't believe it. We got our own little studio out here in the sun. What is that for midgets? What is that for the Mike Spindel Show? It's about a foot and a half off the ground. That's good. Thank you, gentlemen. That's great. We've got my log here for the next hour. We're going to do something a little bit new here this morning because the audience is definitely, they just don't want to participate. Wait a minute, Harrison. Don't go away for one second. Did you see Liberace's picture in a paper? Come here a minute. I hope I didn't lose it. Now I want to see if I'm losing my mind or if the Marines were in a lot of trouble. You do realize that, don't you? Now, wait a minute. Did you see the headline on the story in a hairless morning? Soviets, Laura Maine, in DeHoney, Traff, women urged to kiss and tell? Right. Now, who is that? Looks like Liberace. He's not dead. He's a member of the KGB. I'm telling you. I'll be darned. Well, you get into all this. We've ferrated out. Is Sandy still over there? Sandy, nobody can find Sandy. She's over with the KGB now. Sandy is a kissing and telling. A honey trap. Exactly. How many of you have been? Do you know any human being that would get close to anything that looked like that? No. No chance. Okay, now we don't need a wind guard. This is not one of those, you know, pansy shows where we have to have a lot of accessories. This is great. Wouldn't you like to exactly, I'll do the play by play. Wouldn't you like to be out here every morning doing the sports instead of clogged inside there with all those stuffy boring people? We've got to plant out here. Look at that. Each year, a heart out live at five. Man, oh man, oh, it's fakers at Channel 7. What do they know? Now all we need is IOD right across the way. We can get all the insights. Who might Miller cut hang out here just in case? That would be good. Look at all these people out here. Thank you. Has liberati's picture back again? Great. This is good. This is going to be a great show today. We're going to have three hours, the likes of which we've got a couple of our guests are waxing that car over there. What are you laughing about? I'm serious. They're going to be good. We're going to go out and interview some of the neighborhood up here on 47th Avenue. Several of our neighbors are on work release. We're going to find out what they've been doing in the last couple of months. It's going to be really good. That we're going to go up to school. You know, there's no school today. Easter vacation. And we're going to find out what really goes on inside all the schools in day county when school is out. And you know, the interesting part of it is you see all these people are driving up now. Who think that it's Friday. They came a day early tomorrow's payday. They don't know what the house going on. Do they? Has they're listening to Zeta? What is it? Zeta 94 point something? And they haven't got any idea what's going on. A Mike Muff? Excuse us. Oh, that looks the disgusting. That looks obscene. Is that disgusting? Or, well, man, I'm telling you, we got the most perverted engineering staff in the history of mankind. If there's anybody from Holland in, now this would be good. If there are any folks who want to drive out and say hello, we're out here in the middle of nowhere. So don't even think about it, you know? But that would be great. Have drive right into the park and not blow the horn. Take a little shot or two out the window. That would be good. Good morning. What would you like to tell us this morning? Sure, you've been out there hustling the streets. That's right. Do you need me to sign up for tissue? Yeah, we're trying to get needle off the air this morning. And in fact, we're getting signatures, which is the best part. We're getting a lot of signatures. Here's a little cap. Look at that. Lorie is here with my enema bag. That's good. And boy, I feel, come on back here a second. Ron, we want to check you out a little bit on the wind's last meter here this morning. Is that good? Yeah, Mark Tune has got a gun. Mark has already used this by the way. If you know to say he didn't clean it well, but you know those PDs, they got a great sense of humor. Or this is just like being at home. In fact, I might do this show from home tomorrow. We might kind of improve on this every day. Why don't you do this exactly? Do this for us from down in the keys. I'm trying to take your house away. Yes. I'm coming next week. I'm coming next week. Well, you know these radio people, they're like a bunch of gypsies. Now, I've got to get going. I've got to go get drunk. He got one. Good. Well, Riner is waiting for you down there at his bar. He says that you and he have a good time every day. He's guys at a waxing car by the way. Keep your eye on that one because that's the one that's going to be missing in a parking lot. And around one o'clock. Seriously, every day we have one car that disappears in a parking lot. These guys come out with that truck. And they say, man, we know a great job. They're like 20 bucks. And that's not bad, right? You give him 20 bucks and then they steal a car, which is really good. It's incredible. Look at how peaceful and tranquil it is. We're going to go out in the transmitter shack, by the way, in the 11 o'clock hour Rick Edwards. It's out there in the transmitter shack. He's nailing microphones to the ceiling out there. They're hanging upside down. He's nailing boom likes to the same. Edwards has never been the same since we left Alan Berksold studio. Man, he just has never been the same. He keeps getting going in there and rolling around on the floor. Alan, Alan keeps making these gutter world sounds. It's incredible. What are you doing there, Ron? You're just, are you leaving or are you just threatening to leave? But you're just, I'm on the way. Transfixed with this. Good. Well, good luck to you, Ron. Have a great life and have a good time in the keys with all those fishermen. And all those fakers down there. And you're doing your show tomorrow night? Yeah. Yeah. You are. There was kind of like a, oh, you saved that show, huh? Great. No, I know what time it is. Here, my, what do you think I am? Some kind of a cheap skate. I got a timex watch here. Here, we're going to time. You know, look at the time. Time is the waste. And don't sweat it all. Michael will be sitting there in the news booth right now. We're right on it. We've got our atomic clock going by timex. And Mike has got the headlines. And we're going to go to CBS at the top of the, are they do the news inside there at CBS? And then we'll come back. Listen, that's Ron's Toyota. By the way, there he goes. At a boy, Ron. Watch out, that, Ron. Okay. And then we'll come back with our number two from the Wins lawn. At 1106. Back to New Rogers on 94 news wins. If you'd like to call me, down 764 0707 in Broward or 64 0191 in Dave. And now, here again, is New Rogers. I want to tell you something. Listen, generic department is sharp as a multiple. It's incredible. They bring a clock out here in the front lawn. And the minute was perfect. The only problem was it was on standard time. But we don't net pick here at WINC. We don't get into all of that. All of those intricacies. Excellent. Fix it. It's so good that it's beyond belief. That's it. Bring it down to Mike Spendell's level about two feet off the ground. That's perfect. And we're broadcasting from the front lawn. And as soon as these guys get through washing the car, we're going to interview them. Is that, uh, is that other Mike working? Not too well. You'll work. Because I want to kind of, but how far will I go? All the way out there. Like out on 47th Avenue, that would be great. I want to go out and see if I can get mugged on here today. And we're going to see if we can get some of the Williams look what it did for Jerry anyway. We got rid of all those pain and he asked callers today. We adopt the telephone. Who is this guy driving in here now? This ought to be good. This is going to give you some real insight into the business here at WINC. Because we've got like 400 people at work here. We don't know who the hell any of Mar. And like every other Friday they show up and they collect a paycheck. And we hey, look at that guy. We saw him a couple of weeks ago. Yeah, what does he do here? And nobody knows, you know, goes through the building. And then a little bit later we'll go into Gary Lawrence's office. And we'll go back and see if we can get a break down on the FN numbers. And that's why he looked like he had tears in his eyes. When I saw him in the HM this morning, but she don't take a long time. Another engineer I can't believe it. Look at this. Another engineer. We got like 40 engineers here at WINC. It's we got engineers from WINC. And from IOD, we have engineers from every station in the market. In fact, some of them, I think are still working for the other station. Very good morning, Richard. Nice to see you. There he is with his briefcase. He's going to put in the FN transmitter before the end of the day. And good thinking. Excellent. That's given some attention anyway, a little bit of press. And we're just going to kind of sit here out in the front lawn and talk about the weather. This is great. Is this great? Great. Do you want to give a little plug this sunrise? Sure. Good morning, Neil. We really enjoyed watching your show. What do you mean watching my show? It's on a radio. Watching your show is better than listening to it. Especially this morning. Well, that isn't any plug for sunrise. I want you to say something positive about sunrise. What is your position again? I need administrative assistance to the mayor and sunrise, Mayor Hoffman. I am so impressed. Do you have no idea? I'm just under no what to say. And sunrise is solvent. Since you got John Lamello out of there? Boy is it ever. It is an exceptional way. Find city and where everyone would want to move. I wouldn't go that far, but boy, that's good PR excellent. Neil, where do you live? I'm not going to go. No, let's not get into that on the year. I keep moving around to be anonymous. No way Jose. I'll pass on that. Look at that. I got a little soda here. Man, I haven't had service like this since the diplomat malls. Since sunny Rosenberg tinkled all over my knee. That was incredible. And look at that. Ten minutes after 11 we got our own clock. We have a plant out here. I think it's a fake, but it looks pretty good. And the birds are tripping in the dogs. You're barking out into parking lot. This is what we've needed at Wins for a long time. And I think maybe starting tomorrow. And the 11 o'clock hour. We've been saying this shows for the birds for a long time. That's true. Is this working now? I don't know. How about if we use two of them in stereo on compact disc? How's going to get all up sick? Because he doesn't know which one we're using, right? Well, we're going to go to this hand held mic. We're going to do like Oprah. And we're going to go up and down to block saying, you say what? You say what? Up and down. 40, 70, 70. You'll be the other one. Are we still on the year? What? It's pretty, it's pretty lucky to meet. I'm getting off of that. It was an ice-eyed deal while I landed, but I don't want to start doing one of these short wave shows. Okay. When we get down into the ones again, and we'll start doing like short wave. You know, that's not like we were on a mobile phone or something. What happened to Dan Slay? Dan was going to come out and do some of his stick there. What did he disappear? Oh, it's the rocks that you just came out here. I can't believe it. Who's that Dan? Yeah, Dan hides in those dark caves. What is this? Come on, bro. You notice how far he runs away from me? He won't come near this microphone. Why not? He's got his mousosa on. He's eating his past over motsis. He's got the only black motsis in the whole building. I can't believe it. Hey, go look into the city you're mad. Not to say to me, man. Okay. Boy, boy, these are Jamaicans, man. They are so sensitive. They're so testy. It's unbelievable. He'll go in and smoke his flip and he'll come back. All right. He'll be okay. Who is this? Look at this crazy driver. We got into parking lot. Who is that? Yeah, Mike is right over here. Say hello to Mike. Where are you right at? How you doing, man? Who is that? Is that Mike Reneri? Look at him. It looks just like Mike Reneri. I swear to you. Huh? And he's bummed out of his skull to top it off. How you doing, Mike? Look at that. He's got Sandy in the trunk. I don't believe it. Listen to her. Sandy, let him out of there. I hear a pounding on a truck. Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike. Sugar Cookies, Mike. What do you have? Is that incredible or what? Did you really? Good morning. Well, listen, let's get a parade going up here. Let's see if we can't get some other people going. Go up and down a block. Blow it a heart. You're probably getting shot in this block. But they're good luck to you, sir. Okay. Look at that. We got a live drive in audience. You heard of drive-throughs at McDonald's in Burger King. This is the only drive-through talk show in America. I'm serious. Look at that. Just like Howard Stern over here. I can't believe this. We've got to drive through that. I mean, that was like a legitimate listener, right? Does anybody know him? Does anybody know any other people in here? That's a question. Okay, Dan. This is your big chance in the sunlight. Well, would you like me to talk anything you want? You know, anything that'll kill some good time. We're not. I tell you one thing, no matter what come hell or high water. We're not going back in here today. I mean, between now and two, if we have to make gutterable sounds. In fact, we might attract a pretty good crowd out here if we made gutterable sounds. Well, we have plenty of people to do it. I think we should do our next Thursday show. It is Thursday today, I guess. From a mobile phone going down 995. What do you think? That's a good idea. And we could go out to Dolphin Expressway. Here, look at this. It looks like a Mario and Droughty coming in here. Oh, no, that's one of the newscars. It's done on Droughty. Who is it? Oh, he doesn't speak to us. Oh, Jim Looney just came in. We better get serious now. He pays the insurance for the newscar personally. Since he did that series, he's very tatsetset. Come on, Dan. Get serious. Wouldn't it be great? Are there any neighbors? Now, these people out here can't pick anything else up. You do realize that, don't you? We even come in under on their fillings. On their golden fillings. I'm serious. We'd come in on a fillings on 47th Avenue. I have a feeling that clock just stopped. I think that's what I think that's when your retainers came out. The clock just stopped. If there's anybody listening up here on 47th Avenue, we invite you to come on. Well, I'm not so sure about that. You saw we saw the burglar bars, haven't you? My gut or more burglar bars on the street. In fact, you almost get the feeling that they're in business that they're selling them. Now, who is that that just drove out of here? I noticed she's listening to Zeta, I guess. She doesn't even know where we are in the dial. Does she work here? That I don't know. You think she's a salesperson? Oh, she's definitely a salesperson. A and a rep, B and a camp. Oh, man. Actually, find out who the hell somebody's people are that working here. Pick up a paycheck every other week. As I started to say, if there's anybody on 47th Avenue right up here in front of the station, I know you can't pick up anything else. I think somebody's people are listening to QBA, don't you? We have some Cuban neighbors. That's a good possibility. We are in Miami. No, we're not in Miami. We're in Carroll City. We know we do not be in Miami. We be in Carroll City. That's a no question about that. If a lot of black neighbors up here in this neighborhood, that's why Tafi comes by helicopter every day. A brahera. There is somebody approaching the gate ladies and gentlemen right now even as we speak. Look at that. It's Sandy Payton. Sandy is coming in. Boy, this ought to be excited. We're going to get the story behind the story. Who is that? That's just, oh, that's the, that's part of the WI and Z post office there on the way. Somebody's coming up here on a bicycle. Look at that. It's John Hinkley, Jr. and James R. Ray. I can't believe it. A lot of Ted Bundy. And Ted Bundy. Okay, that's our kind of crowd. How the turning back. They only got as far as the gate. They're still looking for I-95 those kids. Do you remember the days when we had I-95 and all the kids used to come flocking into the building? I remember those days. Oh, the good old days, man. We actually had people listening to the FM. You know, it would be good. I remember the first day I came to work here and I looked in and used to be able to see in the windows. They used to have the lights on, other to embarrassed. It would be great if we could kind of invade the FM before the day is on. Look at this. We're going to have a live studio audience. Isn't this great? They're bringing chairs out here. Could we have a little box lunch, perhaps? We could bring out some of that lasagna from the cafeteria. They would put these people in a good frame of mind. No matter what we did, they'd enjoyed then. Look at that. We got chairs for our work release guests here today. That's good. Excellent. I wouldn't sit on the one that says, Practice for our sheet on it by the way. That girl, that's why they call it the hot seat. Trust me. Well, I don't think we're too big on 47th Avenue. We won't be big on Fairfax Avenue, but we're not too big on history. But we're serious folks. I mean, we don't bite. Trust me. We do have electrified seats on the chairs. But other than that, please, we invite you to come up here and say hello. We'll put you right on a radio and make the instance stars. Now, they're just a bunch of degenerate kids out there on bicycles with hand grenades waiting until we take the break. And of course, if we have any other motorists in a carol city area, I'm sure you know where the station is. You know what we ought to do? I have a great idea. In my car, I have a box full of those happy sperm candles. Okay. Now, why do you all have such a tentative look on your face like I'm going to say something dirty or something? Now, all I'm saying is that what we'll do is we'll give them away. That's when Marlon Gidden to a sport and give us candles to take home and do disgusting things with. He gave us those candles to give away to some of the listeners. So what we'll do is I'll get him out. I think I got about a dozen of them during the commercial break. And we'll give them away to the first dozen people are coming and drive through our. Now, see, there's one good thing about being out here and that is we're almost anonymous. For a middle of nowhere. And there's a lot to be said for that. There sure is and Neil just to follow up on that. There is a car out at the gate. They're now getting out of the car and I'll plan with the or on the car. They could possibly come and they could be our first happy. Why are they why are they parking about 400 yards away? Is there some reason for that? And why are they slinking? Is there approaching the parking lot? Looks like they're afraid of the radiation from the transletters. We'll get towards the transmitter too if you come on out here. This could be Dan's big chance. He always wanted to do play by play. He can do the play by play of my being assassinated out here this morning. Probably get an 80 share the assassination of fuck. Exactly. But was that some kind of a racial slur I think about our neighborhood? Camp I can't believe that you said that. Okay, there is a car and they just took off and Stanley J. Cohen just got out of the car. I can't believe it. Look at that. Stanley. He's hopping up toward the HM right now. Mickey finally got him. She threatened to turn into a frog. Mickey, Dan. And I think that she finally got to him. And look at that. The damper is going out and feeding flies to Stanley now. Stanley of course never met a fly he didn't like but that's another story. Is there somebody just hanging around the eggs there? Is that just my imagination? A bunch of kids on a motorcycle and looks like a goat car from here. Are you doing remember the day? Does anybody here remember the day that some kids went or somebody went in the back here and tried to pull a hole through the kitchen window? Several times? Okay, now at our AMSail staff. I would have helped him out on that one. But seriously, if there's anybody wants to come by today, we'll show him right where the general manager's window is. And now we're only kidding. Come on in there. I heard that. That was disgusting. This is a joke out here and they're serious. They're really, they're gunned for him today. I'll tell you. Poor Gary. And we're going to go in a little later and talk to Gary Lawrence. Here comes somebody. Look at that. It's Jesus on a motorcycle. I can't believe it. Turn back. Man, all these people are like chicken. They come up to the gate and it gets to a certain point and they turn around and they go back. What is it that they're looking for up here? I can't believe that we've got like, I think that actually what's going to happen is we're being hijacked. You folks don't realize it. But I think that we're going to be taken for a ransom. These look like a mean, certainly bunch at the gate up there. Okay, what we're going to do is we're going to take a little break here. It's 22 past 11 at wins on the arroggies. We're broadcasting out in the front lawn. What? Same to you guys. And after we take our break, I'm going to run over and get our happy, happy sperm. You can't say that on a radio. Get our happy sperm candles and we'll come right back. So we have some degenerates in a front lawn here. But before that, Mike Wolf has an outside news bulletin. All right, Neil. We've just gotten worried that a jury in Broward County is found. Michael Rivera, guilty of the induction and murder of 11 year old. Stacy, Jan's back in Broward last year. The jury deliberated for only an hour and a half before returning the verdict. During the nearly two-week-old trial, the jury heard testimony from Selmays. One of whom said Rivera talked about the crime. The other said Rivera admitted to the killing. The fence had maintained the stories where jailhouse fantasies. Rivera already faces a life prison turn. And the induction and near killing of another young girl in Broward. You're second bulletin at the morning by noon. I'll tell you that. And I don't know who some of these people are. We have some real strange looking people. Anybody want to come over. We're giving the candles away. Only if you'll speak on the air. Okay, that's a requirement. Yes, sir. Are you out on work release today? Yes. Today, only today. When they letting you go home for Easter, John? Yes. Yes. But I find a way to president's going to be coming by at noon. Well, they told me I have to see Gary Hart first. Now, you have to see Gary Lawrence first. Okay, there you go. There's your happy sperm. Have a good time with it. Who the hell are all these people? What is going on here? Yeah, I guess for what I got about a dozen sperm. So, the people inside going to have to work on a few more. I'll tell you that. Okay, who's next in line here? Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. What are you doing here? I mean, you can sing. You can do it on the carpet. You're on your way to work. What kind of hours do you work? I'm going to court. I work tonight. But I got to court. But you're going to court? Yeah. Well, good luck to you, sir. When they put you inside, it'll come in very handy. So, probably take this away from me. Probably be a whole line. Wait until you take it away from good luck to you, sir. I can't believe that. Who is this guy here from a purely accurate career? We could put him on a year. Do you notice? He saw the microphone zippo man. He ran out of here like a bad out of hell. I can't believe that guy. Yes, sir. Don't be bashful. We have a little sperm for you, too. I can't believe this. I'm right over with a hair dye. He had a shortage lately or what is that? No, no, no. I was on my way getting Easter food. I'm Polish. We get Easter food. You know, it's kind of different. And they said, hey, I'm right by there. Am I there? Am I there? Am I there? Am I as well drop in? Maybe give my dad a plug. Which is? Then he might be at a stiff richer. If Richard is that like little wichard? No, no, that's like stiff as an if an in stiffening. Like I said, like little wichard. Great. And where are you guys playing? Anywhere that'll pay us. Don't they have a word for that? We're cheap. Yeah, no, that's prostitute. I think that's what that is. Yeah. Oh, good luck to you. I'm sure that'll come a handy. You can use that as your logo. Yeah, it's a good idea. Yeah, it's a little bit richer than a happy sperm. Is that not a big good? Yes, sir. Hi. How are you? I think I'm right now ready for a big. You heard we were giving away something free. Isn't that the real reason, sir? That's not a thing. You know who we're giving away? Sweet and low. You would be stopped and by wouldn't you? No, I think. These, you know, it's good health. Okay, okay, there goes our folks at work release. They have the fallen chain back on it's the nice tab you folks out And a guy from Perala to Currier is zipping by he doesn't want anything to do with this because he knows we would put him on the air And look at that we're giving away wins mugs man. This is a high budget show today Use them in good health and wash them out frequently please you don't know who's used them inside already trust me Look at that we got some oh that's good. Let's bring out all the paraphernalia here. Give some stuff away Look at this truck looks like they came in from Davy. It says we kill for pay I can't believe it it does say we kill now that you mentioned it. No, no, this is just the Not this isn't this the guy who does the spring inside, right? The yard spray so he's gonna spray the shell On other words, we got a smell like crap out here. Now. He's not gonna do that to us, buddy Okay, use them in good health pal What happened to those people that were over here did they take off? Are they steal something? They did who the hell is this guy over here? I can't believe that Look at that outfit. He's got on today the blue shirt coat with the brown pants man. He looks about a sharp Exactly Are you gonna sell something today? Just we're in a talk but I got a four hour important client lunch that I have By the way, I hope you go to Friday soon because I heard there in a lot of trouble Friday's is that was yesterday. I was a Friday's This is Thursday Wednesday's I'm at Fridays and then Thursday's I normally get Sundays So that's where I'm going right now, but hey, I go see it will be Tuesday's Friday Okay, there they all go audio is there goes the lady from sunrise Man this is God doesn't this beat they held out a sitting in there with those morons on the phone Sir, doesn't we have the guy from week Hill here who's here to kill the happy spurns is he really did you come by for one of the candles Did you come by to kill it's free man? Listen that okay, is it something we can say on a air sir? Excellent actually anybody who says that thank you. Oh, yeah, we got some pests that we'd like you to kill as a matter of fact by the way What is this? Marlin Bailey. Thank you. Thank you so much here's a guy from pierillator career wants to sperm too I'll believe it for these people just barreling in here. Who the hell is this guy? I was like time shape for almost Marlin will bring all his spurns up here. Yeah, tell Marlin if you're listening Marlin That would be great Marlin's gonna bring all those spurns up here. Here's a guy who looks like he doesn't need any help I'm in the business of preventing the spread of STD. I know I go jack and record And that fan we've been working on it for you. Absolutely Well, it's good to see you. I haven't seen you in a long time. Take care of yourself. Okay, our man from curillator who is on his way out of here That's the what do you mean what is it sir? It's a happy sperm candle We're spreading life in good cheer all over soft Florida with that Happy sperm to you too sir. Good luck to you man look at this if you ever seen so many people all along place For these people all these people and trucks are coming in here looks like a pickup it looks like a 711 store And we got any bottles of pickle eggs inside man we could We could attract a brown bag lunch crowd by noon here that would put everybody to shame at Tom Tom Wait a minute. We don't have insurance for that We don't have insurance for that these people are running into each other pretty good another pest control guy Okay Thank you say hello to America sir. Hey, what's happening at there America? How you got some thermo? Termites yet no in this office in here on the end. We got just a couple of termites here's a little happy sperm for you Famous sperm If you stick around here long enough, I'll make your sperm famous dude I gotta get going. I got some jalsaur on here You're going goofing off? I got a communication job in fact Oh please I used to live up there do it now trust me good luck to you sir. Okay. You need one This can okay wait a minute. I'll make a deal in fact if our sales manager did he just leave? Yeah, okay, and I here's a good idea because everybody in this business is always looking to drum up clients Anybody who is in business who has a like a panel truck or a pickup truck who's got like an advertising thing on a side We'll give it a plug. Well, he had to his drive up here today like they got from curator career. What does he need right? They have national spots. This is this gain air conditioning Refregs they keep you cool refrigeration sales. Oh, they keep me cool don't start with me about the air conditioning in air You're gonna lose it honey. Do you know the people that are you serious? No, that's okay. That's good I thought the air conditioner broke. That's why you're outside. I come over to check She was the radio every day. I'm on vacate. No, air conditioning brick the the mental state of the callers broke They broke down today. This was the cutting edge today Wait a minute. Let him make sure he's on mic Well, I'm telling you these engineers man. I'm telling you they are so picky make sure you're on mic What is this is just a little girl? What happened? This is not near It is a cheap front lawn show. That's exactly what it is Oh my god, Lee Gillette just came I can't pull it now. Are you gonna write you an end to speak on FM They won't let you speak on FM, but we'll let you speak It's a beautiful day and I do have my am union card with me now Have your am he yes is am unit with me said? I don't know what that means, but that'll bring Kathy West out here Yeah, definitely and glad and hell as well. Get them all down here today That would be great if Glenn is listening now. They finally got the courage look at these guys Look at those guys. They look from that aren't they from that TV show what is an amen that showed the fact of life different strokes exactly I can't believe these guys Live in the neighborhood come on bring them right up here Now we don't want to give those we don't want to give these things do we know cover those up we don't want them to see those these are young kids We'll get accused of for varying the labor right exactly come on guys you want to be super stars This is 8 and 94.9 He's it by the way that's a superstar over there that you just saw he's a non-talking disjoc thing You guys live up the street here. Come on over Yes, you live up the street 47 that need to go to school over here. I'm not sure. No. I'm not like you Lake Stevens. Where's that? Is that a little bit of uh I can get the act down the edges Is that right over there by one Wait a minute. Lead you. Let's just store your bike See you later. Hey there he goes man. I'm telling those FM people. There he goes boy Can't they what you're like to see that with his blonde hair just waving into wind you never see him again Exactly exactly Well on TV right now I feel daddy Yeah, say hi Oprah went free I mean you know these guys Yeah Right up here and you probably can't what station you listen to what a radio You can probably only pick up WINZ Yeah You're listening to our music Yeah We need to fix it I FM Oh Get these guys out here. No, that's okay This is a whole lot. That's okay Well look at that lead brought it back. It must be a lousy must be a lousy bike. I can't believe it Anyway, Marlin What's that? Uh, drove down from Boca Retone to see you. We took our sprums right away. There we go We've only got a couple of them left but Marlin Bailey's bringing a whole lot more. There's a little uh something Do they allow those in Boca? Uh, we try to sometimes Under weekend zone Only on a weekend that's good. We don't want to overpopulate Boca Excellent. And you have something you want to plug? Uh, I work for pioneer electronics with a distributor for state of Florida GES distributors right given away any free radio's today Uh, not today probably tomorrow If you're out here tomorrow we'll be here again tomorrow 11 o'clock Okay Okay, thank you. You bet Okay, oh the last one I just invited them to come back That would be tacky if we had given it away wouldn't it? Okay, now this is I just want the audience to know all see there more cars driving in here Wait a minute is that big daddy and at limousine again? If he brings stale kishki in here again, I'm just gonna have an herbice break-up Okay, there is the last one in his badge but Marlin Bailey's bringing some I want to lay guilt trip on you You're just gonna go wrong But I'll tell you what thing I'll tell you what thing if he gets hot in there again, no you'll be hearing from me Okay, but so far so good. It's like 20 below in here now. It's great Okay, who is that? Is that somebody that works here is an early Ross? Who is that? Well, I need some help. Does anybody know? No, that's not our lean What's that? How are we being able to know cameras around? No, it's the eye in the sky haven't you ever heard of the live eye on channel 7? No, I have it either. That's good That's great. We're on here in our studio and it's done. This is just like live at five on the channel 7 and here's a young lady who How you doing? Good. Where did you come? Well, how did you find it? Come out. If you got a speak on micro Jimmy Altman's going to get up and send a screen measure What is that measuring tape you've got on there is that for something of seeing that you're going to do? I'm a box sale Before I get it back Oh boy Boy, you talk about restraint folks. Are you serious yourself boxes? Owen's Illinois Who do you sell me? Just go up and down the street yelling is anybody need a box You need a box? Boy, once be so box boxes anybody inside need a box? Oh look at that all the women just came out of the building. I can't put my right. Am I making it up? Is that all? That's it. God's on us truth. My hand to a mad little here. Yeah, she has sky boxes She has sky boxes for Joe Robby. No doubt when you know I wish oh we ought to give her a cap We don't have any more to candles right now. We're going to give you a wind cap Just for being a good sport. Thank you and if we meet any boxes But I can't wait Then you could sell boxes to how about this can air conditioning. I think I think somebody or customers wind up in a box when a year goes out But uh not really not off hand, but if anybody stops by we'll give me your uh you want to give your number Want to give me your card that would be great. Yeah, we're giving free plugs for business. Thank you. That's a good looking card in it Red white and blue. That's all American John Broward would be proud of that wouldn't they? That's great. Oh in Zilin, Illinois. Your Jane? Thank you Jane You bet Just got worried that Linda Thornton is listening so we want to say hello. I guess right well that means Joe Johnson must be listening to huh? That's right good old Joe Are they awake yet? Oh, I shouldn't have said that should I I guess not but I did well Linda how you doing this morning? Linda we're trying to break new ground here We're always doing new ground and this could be part of a long-standing phone out Who's this strange guy in the uh oh in the fatigues in the camouflage outfit? He looks like one of the taffies guests Could be or could be a U.M football player. We don't know that could be a U.M football player with a perfect like that come on now Let's get serious this guy's got a bigger Yeah, that's true he's on a mission He's definitely on a mission coming up with the radio. He could be serious Well, what you'll have to do is either come back later or take a cap and do you sad as well? That way to man this can't be all the stuff we got left to give away. Yes How about some equipment Oh wait a minute do we have some of that stuff? Are you serious? No now those could be worth something someday? Can we give them away or would they get upset? Why? Why would he get upset? We can't do anything with him. They're they're passing Well, that's the idea we want to give them away because they're gonna be collectors at him Don't you understand Zeta license plates are legendary They Neither was Zeta for years it went off the air honey. Don't you understand things come back things come back Just like Carol City it died we brought it back to life Don't ask him tell him tell him we have a chance to get a little recognition here for that FM for crying out loud that would be great Those things could be it could be like baseball cards they could be we have maybe a few of them on the car in the parking lot and Maybe a few of the old Zeta four Not 94 point. Even Bill Carter has one of those Zeta things on his car. I couldn't believe it the other day I was at Bill's house when I was waiting for a big meeting last night and man. Okay. Thank you Wait a minute are we giving away some of those You still haven't found out for are these guys slow back here? Don't you see your nervous go in there and tell I'm Neal wants to give away and we don't want to put a lot of pressure on you, but if we can't give away Neal's gonna leave Okay nothing exciting What were we saying before we got to really interrupt it license please the in 95 light I tell you one thing Some of the guys we've had come by here. I think they make license plates If you ask me all the state hospitals right down the street Fortest state hospital it is That's what we're the criminally. Oh come on. Oh, you think I would give these away to somebody What are those what is this are we on welfare and here or what? Oh? You know those are those are 94 news wins the positive story. Oh, yeah, that's right these are the wins of positive I can't believe it these are the only depositories in the world that double is a ballpoint 10 And if you really are acrobatic what you can do is you can use them and write a message at the same time It's incredible. I'm serious I'm serious Or could be one of those we put some little numbers on and I've where these people are drove up in a pickup truck look at that They look friendly, but man at shotgun. He's got Looks real you know what I'm saying he wants to pretend that it's like a prop But it looks very real to me anyway it's 17 before noon at WINZ And we're broadcasting on the front lawn. This is not so live in the morning How you doing? To come by for something free is that what brought you by or you're really come by to say hello Give by say hello if you have something free, you know Both but not necessarily in that order but I'm pretty well how about a 94 news wins cap Which is you know I'm not exciting, but it's is that what I'm wearing? I don't even know what this is this a IOD on it or something Is that 90 IOD It does really oh Well, that's it Where did you folks A self-lubricated sperm bank Oh a sperm candle she wanted the sperm bank. Okay. Well, that tells us a lot about your marriage good luck to your folks Okay great Okay, I think things have kind of come down. Oh, oh now we're talking you know the crowd We're gonna get out here now. Don't check box we got one the mug Bye we got one the mug Man, I'm telling how many of these are we got One two three four got about a half a dozen nine That's great so don't you can't you know give up folks once you get out here We'll give away anything if people do anything to bring people out here The fact that people are coming out here though is miraculous I mean if we were like IUD there on a 79-3 causeway You'll be no problem because they have you know traffic going by and there be five or 10 people listening But to get people to come out here look at this here comes another truck an ominous looking vehicle Of the 47th Avenue causeway there's another one behind it. We have a caravan Or federal express That's probably the book Well, I once once the book comes in and we're all gonna have to hit the road What is this one say it says? Modern electronics ain't moody electronics it can Miami 891 1374 I wonder if they're working with French Ross Is there some special message what a clock it's like Linda Blair why did the clock just turn itself out By itself. Oh that's good. Okay. Let's take our last break here Kyle and then we'll come back because I think federal Express is bringing in our pink slip into 145 and wins Stuff that we're giving away. How this what is Lee Fowler? Do you ever see anything so foul looking in your life? Unbelievable cool thing now. That's pretty cute isn't it how many of those are we got? About a half a dozen and it's great. Okay. I'll tell you what all of these people Well wait a minute. Some of these people work here Even the people at work here. I look at it for the free me. You know that they just stay in these people from the FM What are we getting now, okay? No seriously we have Incredible stuff here. We even have one thing here this lory else stuff that makes hair grow on your Somewhere right What you did you spray that right over the Over the suppository that's right that area right there and that'll let go here really fantastic For those of the folks uh I can't look at this Wow all of these people This is the whole win staff out here today. I can't believe it Okay, this gentleman looks like he would be a good candidate for one of these goofy louis Is that that looks right up your alley sir? Yeah, thanks very much. I worried it for you to come from today I was away parkly hospital. I'm a pharmaceutical salesman and then you know what those pill poachers Exactly you got it not any good stuff when I was trying to get them happy sperm But I understand I'm just out on out. I'll listen folks here would like to help you out Somebody some of the FM folks, but you know them they got a great sense of humor Exactly no problem. Maybe I can help them out Yeah, with the pills. I'm not touching that line. Okay. Good luck to you sir Okay, we're not touching any of that line about drugs in FM because we all know it's true Anyway, we got some old i95 t-shirts And we got some hair stuff and some mong and One of these note pads WI and Z note pads. How come they employees never get the good stuff? Have you ever seen one of these? I've seen them on death, but they never give us never got a pad three years here and I never got a pad Who is this degenerate? Boy, you can always tell the real degenerates the way they drive in his license does he work here? Oh, it's clawed pepper I can't I you don't call it Well, but what are the flies it today? Now, I'll make fun of claw man. I'll tell you he'll vote us right out of existence here in Carroll City Airborne Express just drove in here. They got a little package. It's ticking Look at all of these trucks and campers man if we don't have some cores out here and a couple of pickled eggs by noon We're gonna put ourselves to shame. We have cores hat and license plates and one the mud Here for all those lovely people. I tell you one thing we ought to be able to know wait a minute This guy doesn't even know what's going on here. Does he are you delivering something here? Yeah, I'll sign for it. What is it? A record great is it for the FM? Or sure for the AM? Okay, I'll sit wait a minute. What is it saying it says? Norcross Brian norcross in this. Do you believe that? Brian norcross and me shall send this in and it is ticking You're right. Okay. Well, I'll sign. Where do I sign for this? Or on there? Okay. Good. I'll sign anything as long as it's not a check. Do we get to open it up? Yeah, well that's your idea. I'm supposed to print that. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I'll say anything to America. I just know that I'm a buddy that'll listen to you. Who's that? Airborne Express. Where are born? Thank you. You're good guys over there. We know you never brought us anything That was ticking yet. Okay. Every stroller freight train. Where did you hear that Dan? Dan is now using my material. Dan is but you want to hold that because I'm not strong enough to pull that open with one finger. There's probably one of those underground albums that were playing on the FM. Or look at this. Look at this. It's Frank Zappa. Wait a minute. It's Tom Petty in a heartbreakers, but does it feel a little broken D. Will like maybe? Like in the corners? No. It feels pretty broken to me. It's the brand new Tom Petty album we're going to give these away. No, we're not. I know how many can you play? There's one. Can we give this one away? Thank you. Boy these guys on the FM. They're desperate aren't they? They'll give us anything. Jeff Chase wanted to say hello. Well you're larger than life. Thanks a lot. At least we can speak you know that's something. What about the budget here? Outdoor studio? It's a certain. Exactly. Well that's because we can't afford to pay the electric on the inside. Who is this guy? Now here is a very interesting looking guy. Looks like it looks like Ernie's guest from Saturday. That's right. He's walking on air. What kind of glasses? What does that think he's wearing on his ears there? What are those kind of Martian looking loops on the guys? Am I serious? I'm not a fan of this pocket. He's feeling the change too. He's coming up here. I can't believe this guy. Well he sure don't want Tom Petty in a heartbreakers. I'll tell you that. Loris is busy giving up. Boy this is better than our meeting last night. Look at this we got a whole line of people here now. Is this great? This is more people and this is almost as many people as we have working on the inside. Unbelievable. What else have we got that we're going to give away here? We got these pads and pens. We got the goofy dolls, chorus camps. And I was starting to look at this. What does this say? The talk of the town. The movie. That's wonderful. Well what does that have to do with I-95? It must be on the back. What does it say on the back? Boy now listen I'm serious. These could be worth something someday. I'm very serious. Kids don't do what at home. What we're doing now? Well we don't want to tell them what we're doing now. Look at that it just says I-95 FM on the back. I'm telling you these are going to be worth something someday. It's not that top petty record. What about it? We need it. Okay. See, what you Indian give us on the FM. Come up here and say it to America. Sir don't stand like a coward hundred yards away. Alice made an esteemed walk about you today. Yeah on the radio. Well was it. He said now he's really showing you the cow. He's out on the lawn. Amazing. Now how does Alice know where we are? You see the- Some spy called them. Some spy called them actually. They have the show on in the control room. So Alice can steal a material lie around here. We like the fanches. Mike is sitting on seven phone books this morning. What's that? Who said that? Oh Alice said that? Oh, I hear they come here. Marlin and Aldity generates. Boy I can see him from 100 miles away. Open the truck already. And the truck is open. Sandy is in the truck. Look at that. Sandy! I can't believe it. WI-Z has located Sandy Peyton in the trunk of Marlin Bailey's pimple bill. I can't believe it. Is that incredible? A lot of here come the happy sperm five incredibly attractive young ladies are bringing bags full of happy sperm to the wind's lawn. And Alice eats your heart out. Who wants some sperm? Did you hear that boy? This could be a pretty interesting now. Right in the south forward at sunshine. Right out here in the spotlight the sperm's are flying free on the WI-Z lawn. I don't believe this. This is incredible. I don't give them all away because if you get them all away here then I'll have nothing left to hold back. You know what I'm saying? No, I'm not giving mine away. Believe me that would the one last 30 seconds. What are you got there? Are you got a whole bank pull them? Great. Did everybody get their sperm? Why she giving me one? Like I'm a visitor here. Did you notice that? Yeah, you're supposed to say I live right here too. What is this a release Marlin? What is this? Are you on work release? You got on downtown field too. Actually, how come you haven't got arrested yet? Huh? I know all the judges. Well you know all the judges? Probably briming them with happy sperm too. I know one judge down there has got unhappy sperm but that's another story. Sure. Okay. And look at that. There's Nearondia showed up here today. I can't believe it. I can't believe it, Near. It's certainly nice to see it here today. Hi, I'm at the gate there. I can't get you on the lawn. No, no. We don't want to bring too much attention to it. We want to keep it nice and low profile like this. We're giving it away everything. We're giving away the general manager's clothing. How many of them we got here? 500? What do you mean there'll be 500? I lose 500. You mean downtown? downtown over here all the time. No, Marlin, how many have we got here? You notice how we just equivocates all over? A couple of hundred? Yeah. Well, where are they, Marlin? I see like we got six of them right so far. They're making them as fast as they're all I say. Okay. Okay, she can. She about a dozen. What is he exaggerator? What? You know? Play. Play league, dad. Right. Now, seriously, we're going to have a big crowd here by tour clock. I think we ought to give Marlin something. No, she, he's been so nice to us. I think, oh yeah. Look at that. Is that great? I'm going to go by collection. Seriously, wouldn't she like that? I mean, I'm going to take one of those home. Yeah, I'm looking at it like that. No, not Marlin, please. Don't do anything obscene with that thing. Will you please? Okay, listen, we're out of time this hour. I can't believe another hour has gone by on the wind's lawn. We got a great crowd of the generates here. They're all on the work release. And they might hear no John Hinckley. He'll be coming by a little bit later. Mike Wolf has got those headlines. CBS has the news at noon. And we'll come back at about 10 after the hour. And we're going to have a massive crowd here. And the proud baggers will be here for lunch. Seven in broad or 64. Oh, 19 one in day. And now, here again is new Roger. Okay, press Rashid's dot by and he's doing a little barbecue and during the new hour out here. I can't believe it. We have a great crowd around the lawn in front of the W. I. And C. Commissary. And the given away all kinds of stuff to anybody and everybody wants to come by each or hard out Alice. And we got happy spurs that were given out. We've also got these incredible goofy Louis down. But I'll always save one of those for me with a place. I like to get something out of this. And who is this guy? Now, we had to go with a coffee truck out here, but we have had nobody with food. Now, can you imagine seriously? Can you imagine we're giving away one of your mugs and all of a sudden foolishness? But can you imagine if we can get some, oh, you wanted to give a plug, inch. I didn't know a rotor, rooter in H. I. L. A. 88, 5.8, 3.6. That sounds obscene. I don't know what that is. But okay, we also have a little voodoo down a tapy here. Oh, anybody like to stick a couple of pins in a tapping with Kalim voodoo down. Right. Then a purple. I wherever wanted to stick a couple of pins in here. And maybe the brick oven pizza rear. That's not too far away or somebody in the area. One of our sponsors, I know it's getting little late. It's like 11 after noon. But I'm sure that they could be here by like one o'clock and whip up a whole batch of what are you laughing about? What happened? And he just inhaled a happy sperm. What happened to Marlin? I haven't seen him so animated since I know him. What just happened to him? Oh, I'm serious. They could bring up a whole batch of lunch for the people out here. Either that or one of the convenient stores could deliver a couple of jars with a antibiotic fluid out here. Wouldn't that be good with a happy sperm? We could have two of those big jars of the pickle eggs and the sausages. That would put it rich on it that for a long time. I'll tell you that. Look at that. We got Joe Thizeman just came in here. Man he's not looking to good these days. Joe, tell you a little anecdote and activity. Yeah, he is. He is a little bit. He is limp. You're right about that. Now they just gave him a happy sperm. Exactly. Well, Joe will be back in those spots again before you know, we got old i95 t-shirts which are going to be worth something one of these days. In fact, hopefully i95 might be worth something soon one of these days but that's another story. And we just had an incredible cry. Now who is this guy? Who looks like a mafia hitman? Tony Orlando? Where's Dawn? Tony Orlando without Dawn. That's right. He's dressed in, I guess, olive green pants and a yellow shirt with a bag for all those viewing listeners. For all those who are watching inside your little speakers. See, this is better. The people, these are all the people who didn't have the mobile phones who couldn't call this morning. They just drove out here instead. What is this? Isn't that great? They're sending over a lunch from the Deva restaurant. They're sending food over here. Why? Well, never get rid of this crowd. Now, well, wait. Oh, I can't believe it. Look at that. Mike Miller just came in here too. He heard lunch was free today. Tom Mike, man. He just is having an identity crisis over there. He can't control himself. By the way, there he goes. Marlon has some good Mike Miller stories. But he's chickened out and the guys from the FM were going to tell us some David Cassidy stories too. But they ran back in there with that Tom Petty album. Who is this guy with a bag? Boy, there's something, uh, there's something ticking in that bag. Stripes shirt and white pants with white shoes. No, no. There's the beef stew that we threw out yesterday. Incredible. Chef Boy, R.D. You know what happened to him? Hey, that's good. Okay, I can't drink any of these, but some of our degenerates can't pass him out. It's very past those out. Jerry Hoot. Oh, William. I'm. Jerry Williams? Oh, not Jerry. Yeah. Which, which? Him and some ladies who bought 85. She would pay in a. What's your leaders? No, not surely. They're all in surely. But they were really turning you up, you know, making fruit jokes and stuff like that. Great. Was Allison at Proof Tour? Well, Allison was in the technical industry. She was thinking I knew that day. Oh, good. That's good. Allison jealous because they don't have a lawn over there on 441. Now, that's a good idea. When flower comes on it, maybe he can do the show in traffic on 441. Stand right in the middle of street. It'd be like, I don't know. Exactly. Boy, that would be good for me. You could take a poll. Is the traffic would hate. Thanks, guys. That's part of the Miami Stadium crew. The new Dolphin Stadium just came over here. They're goofing off. That's why the stadium won't be ready in time for the first game. So don't blame Joe Robby folks. It's going to be the crew that came over here for the freebies. No, that stadium looks great. The room does every time I go by in the turnpipe. I see the stadium. It looks great. I wish for a call to be back open again. Here's Florida fire and rescue just came by because they heard that were given away the wondermugs. And they know that the crowd from windmowers going to become a down from coconut creek any minute. We're going to close the gate and watch them jump a cent. By the way, for the rest of the folks who come by valley parking only at the by order of Gary Lawrence, Gary said, we might as well make a money while the sun shines. There they go. They're the troops on their way back to the stadium. The happiness the neighbors are going to start selling parking places like down at the earth. Exactly. By the way, get some close spots for about 10 bucks. Right up close on 47th out. Look at this care of them. What the hell is this? This must be because they heard the food was coming. I can't believe this. We're being indicted. Yeah, turn everybody is coming out here to the station. Turn on your headlights. Would you please? And then we got actually we got a guy in a back who was washing the cars. 10 bucks to charge the battery. And he's also filling him up with our WI and Z gas pump. And exactly, which is not bad. It's only 250 a gallon back there. I noticed that management's here cleared out. Now UPS is coming. And I was he really delivering or is he here to be a star? He doesn't know. See coast and tear yours? Where are we desperate? We're going to be pulling up the carpeting and the plants in the nature of next to give away. But I'm telling you, everybody who comes out here will give them something. Right? That's an idea. Somebody said, let's give away the old I and Z van. That's a real good idea. Think anybody would take it? Probably I O.D would take it. Somebody that owns a paint shop would really be interested. Let's scrape off all the paint. Okay, there he goes. Is he? Okay. I'm an eight-free service this year for WI and Z on the fire equipment service. Great. Okay, we'll give you a little plug. You want to do it? Yeah, my name is Steve DeLise here. I represent myself, Florida Fire and Safety. If you need a fire equipment service, please call 2 7 1 3 3 4 1. Thank you. 2 7 1 3 3 4 1 4 to fire and safety supply, which is like extinguishers and all that good stuff, excellent. They need one over there at I O.D. I know that. Okay, now who these two really interesting looking guys who just came, uh, I don't think they, what do they do walk in all the way from Miami? Ralph Bevy's half-century club. What is Annolabah? What is that? Not for you. This guy is 50? No, I didn't think so. Who's 50? Who's 50? Who the hell is Ralph Bevy? Hey, boy, is this guy unbelievable or what? Like everybody knows Ralph Bevy? I know Ralph Bevy, but I don't know Ralph Bevy. We have a Bevy a folks out here. I'll say that much for. We just got a whole crowd out here. This is the whole audience. They're like what 20 people? At least 20, 25. They're half to be something with these happy sperm candles. Everybody seems to be smiling after they touch them. So, we'll give you complete details as they happen. Oh, how come the TV stations aren't here today? Is anybody else doing their, they're, what? They're downtown with a sperm. I doubt that. I'm sure that's that. Now who's this guy? dipping hot dogs into the mustard. I heard that. So, I'll help yourself. Thank you. What do you do? What do you do? What do you do? You distribute this stuff? I'm at salesman for our decreases. I was in the neighborhood. I was in three shows. So, I said you needed some food. There's the less I wouldn't talk to them. Thank you, sir. That's great. Now we need his credit strategy to bring out the hot dogs. We'll be all set. Thank you. Is it as good? Then we could have a hell of a haul here before the day is that. This is the W.I.N.Z. picnic. Who the hell is Ralph Bevy? In a large? Now they're asking, now they're asking for sizes too. By the way, if you're tuning in and wondering what the hell is this we're doing here today, there are a lot of us. Now this is a medium. We're going to large. We have some size people out here. I almost said something. Here's a large. Here you go. Oh, please, sir. It's a family show. Oh, please, put it on fast. What are we going to, in other words, this is so important to you. You're giving it away. Okay. Well put that right together with a micronereet t-shirt. What do you please? Well, we're going to go away with a real haul here. A small for your wife. This is the W.I.N.Z. flea market of the air. Yeah, medium-ish rate. That's a good story. If you believe that, sir. You'll believe anything. Listen, it's a low budget show. You'll take what we can give you. Okay? Well, all of a sudden it feels like there's pressure building here. Doesn't it like there's something exciting going to happen? Like maybe a fire bomb or something? It could happen. You never have to stop for it. Jake the snake. I looked like Jake the snake come on over here. That is Jake Scott. I can't believe it. Are you doing? Lucky number, hey, it was the last guy who were 13 before Marina, wasn't he? Now you got the wrong person. These, I'm telling you, this dolphin guy. Well, you were for Southern Belle. Get him out of here. Sunny Rosenberg is here. I can't believe it. What do you do for Southern Belle? I do inside the wiring. I work. I'm listening to your show over at the office. And I'm on my lunch hour. What do you do? You pick up our show on the wiring? Yeah, no, no, no. I have a headset. I listen to it and do wiring for other people. Oh, that explains it. So the folks out there will get their wiring crossed up. You'll know why. For this recipe. No, no, not here. I've a wire that for Ellis Ruben. Yes. Martinez. Oh, good. That explains it. Is this really sunny Rosenberg's brother out here? I can't believe it. Now he looks much too much too much too much. What's that? Good. Why did you come from, sir? From Carroll City came from a long way. Oh, look at this. The mafia hit man just arrived here. On this. This is who I think it is. Oh, you're like a girl. You're going to be a little shy. Is it? Why? Why I think it is? Oh, boy. Well, listen folks. We have a little break to do here. It's a work here. That a bunch of real winners from Southern Belle. Well, these are the guys that came to fix the phone system inside. Good. Well, we've been waiting about three years since I came here. What have you got there? Are those Easter eggs? Oh, look at that. Here's a guy from Southern Belle with two yellow balls. You can raise. There's a left over here. The first day. Are you cereal? Look at that. By the way, we can have a little savior out here today when the stuff comes from brick oven pizza. That's right. We can be George. It's going to be on motsets on 11 pizzas coming out here. These people can be the Russians. We'll be George Schultz. Those are green, by the way. I guess that's some significant to those who are green to you. We're rushing green. Lime. Yeah. Guy from Southern Belle brought us two line balls and Boy, wait till Kathy West comes out here, man. She's going to go nuts. They are. Boy, no wonder Kathy has that ever-vescent personality. I can't believe it. And in return, we look at that. They got wondermugs and happy firms. Many guys got more than they bargained for too. To Birmingham, when you have to have a passport to bring that into Birmingham, you understand? At a visa or a mastercard, one of the other. Okay. And we got any other bell. What have you got here, man? Mark's the way, son. You brought you one of ours. Thank you. What is this? That the coffee's stine. That must be Larry Stein's brother-in-law, I remember. This is one of the products we sell is for constatation. Well, that's in man. Yeah, I'm ready for it. Are you serious? It's for constatation? Where do you put it? Look at that, man. Can you read that? Silly, I'm a hydrofilic musaloid. I don't think we can say that on the air. No. I'm read, raw. It looks like I think that's what you used to catch you. There's something. I don't know what that is. It's lines on it too. I mean, you try to fill it. We need to measure it to you. Okay. Well, thank you. That was really more than I bargained for for sure. I'll tell you that. By the minute they're coming. Now, this is probably going to inspire a lot of real free loaders to come in. But we have, we have a crowd of wins and ploys on a way to the brick oven pizza rhea and food. Food will be on the way in a little while in just a few minutes. Now you watch the free loaders come barreling in here, man. A be here from Kendall. A be here from sunrise. Even from Hallendale. A be coming in. Do we have those boxes of sweet and low? Or do they take, we do? All man, bring those out here. Somebody's got to bring those out. Because all of these people seem to be under the age of 100 so far. Do you notice that? We don't have any prunes here yet. Everybody seems to be under the age of 100. And just now, camper pulled up. I think that's, oh, that's one of the people works here. Look how far away he had a part. That's good. Chris needs the exercise anyway. I can't believe this. So anyway, and there goes the rest of the phone company. If there are any folks in the audience, by the way, waiting for the repair man, forget it. Because they're all in the cable van is also out here. So I would probably wait till tomorrow. But brick oven is going to be setting some food over in D-Vise. Going to send some food. That not a really big good, huh? How come rich didn't bring any food here? Well, Neil, I was out at Bayside signing Neil Rogers autographs. And the only thing that people have been asking me for 8 by 10 glasses, but the only one I have with you is the 8 by 10 glasses, if you're blowing up a balloon in the chat in New York, police station. So you were in Tennessee, right? Oh yeah. Not in Chattanooga though, in Nashville. You know how they practice breath control in Tennessee, don't you know? New to D. Are we in delay? No chance. Well, that's all right. We got the guy from the FCC on tomorrow. We'll ask you if any of this stuff was objectionable. Okay, again, when you drive in here, turn your headlights on because we got a couple of guys in the bank who are charging 10 bucks to charge your battery on a way out. There's a traffic jam coming up from the No, come on traffic jam. Anyway, we had some of our geniuses inside of suggest that we give directions. We don't want to do that to because it's already like 12 30. Exactly. We don't want you to find a place. We like to remain anonymous. You know what we want to do? We got to give them directions to W snooze. Is that a good idea? Do you know? I want to go out to 2004 Street. Just like for a place with a lot of satellite dishes. This guy's an expert on Reneri on W snooze. Where do you work? For glow? Oh, the glow. I thought you said for WGL. I thought that was that religious station. Boy, you came to the wrong place. I'll tell you that. What are these guys doing out here? What are we doing having a band? Are we doing a roster band out here with Richard Taylor? What are these guys doing out here? Many engineers are crawling around in the ground. I can't believe it. They're putting on a show that I haven't even seen. ZD94 is back there. We're going to put the FM on. See if we can't put everybody to sleep on lunchkits here. So we'll have something left over. Is that I guess that's it, huh? This is it. This could be the end. Yeah, I think we finally reached our peak. Wait a minute. We just have Holy cow. The federal communications commission gave notice to broadcasters today that it will expand its definition of obscenity beyond the traditional seven dirty words. In a major policy decision today, the FCC said it will increasingly enforce its prohibition on indescent and offensive material. Looks like we're not going to have a lot of bunch of douchebags, huh? You believe it? Boy, oh boy, are they in for a surprise tomorrow when I have this old fart on the air? I'm telling you. We got the guy from the FCC on tomorrow at 10 o'clock. Hey, am I going to give him what for? I'm going to ask him. You know what? I want him to define all of the words on the air that we can't say. Is there anything wrong with that? In other words, if we can't say him, he's got to tell us which one. Now the guy with a fishing pole here. What the hell is that all about? What are you fishing for? Ron Harrison? Where did he steal it? Man, I had Harrison. He's in the fishing tackle business. He's our final occasions and we're sitting with someone. Please don't disturb us. We could have a bullet in here more from the FCC. Howard Cern, what the hell? Well, that'll be a mark. You know what I'm saying? Okay, leaving off with offensive, but don't you love the way they do this? XXX offensive material. I think there's something symbolic about that. Don't you? Once published in the federal register, the decision will apply to once published. To another words, it hasn't been published yet. We can still do anything alike. Outside of those seven words, the decision will apply to radio and TV stations. Officials said violators will be subject to fines and loss. License. Yeah, Lawrence is going great. What does this man do over here? The whole show is just for two lousy towels. I've lost the whole audience. What is that, Tanya? Man, if it's for free, forget it. Let me say it again. Officials said violators would be subject to fines and loss of licenses. Are they listing inside? The decision is expected to be at least as famous as the 1975 Pacifica ruling. It responds to a series of complaints against radio stations, including WISP FM and Philadelphia and the non-commercial stations. KCSB FM and Santa Barbara, California. That's a biggie. KPFK, woo FM and Los Angeles. Most of the complaints said it around New York City, radio personality, Howard Stern, host of a more-in-show carried on WISP and a play, Jerker, broadcast in August 1986 over KPFA owned by the Pacific of Foundation. In three separate unanimous votes today, the commission said it will send warning letters to the stations in question in the future all broadcasters will be held to Strictor Standards. FCC Commissioner Dennis Patrick who's expected to take over his chairman of the agency next week said, when we are doing here today is to correct and altogether two narrow interpretation of decency. FCC General Council Diane Kilroy or Kiljoy said the agency will now enforce the prohibition on indecent and obscene transmissions in a broader fashion. It includes Robin Wutzer name. Along the lines of its original Pacific of Decision. Stations will be barred from using patently offensive material, not just the 7-dirty words. What the hell is patently offensive? Exactly. I use a lot of words that aren't patented like douchebag. The US Supreme Court upheld a Pacific case in 1978 ruling that the FCC could curb obscene and profane language. Kilroy said the change in policy is warning because there's no way to restrict children from hearing such broadcasters. That's always a good excuse. Several commission said the policy will not chill free speech because of scenes speech is not protected by the first amendment. They said the new policy is consistent with the first amendment rights afforded to the print media. Well wait a minute does that mean that we can say anything on the air that we see written print? Anybody got the village voice? Not the right everything that is anybody got the village voice in here or mother Jones? Who does? Yeah well that's what I'm going to ask the guy to do on the air tomorrow. Tell us the words that we can't say on the air. If he doesn't want to tell us how to help that we know what they are. Exactly you ought to hear these little kids like this little guy down here man you ought to hear when he just said right a little while ago to his mom I couldn't believe it it was unbut even my years were burning it was unreal. Now the band part about this is just a little this is great by the way the food from diva I said again it's sensational diva diva. One is a series this for the people is this for the people who are lost and don't know how to get home? Perhaps a palandelle, maps of Cal city, looks how people how to get here. Great. I had to come all the way from England to make a map of Cal city but we may not. Would you be a swim the English channel to get here? Oh no great well that's good so for everybody wait man for everybody who is lost now doesn't know how to get here to win. Stop buying pick up one of these maps. By right hey that's the only way you're going to get here stop buying pick up a map and we'll show you how to get here. I'd like to have it. Oh that's good here's a picture of Sandy we wondered where she was who gave that to me. What is this guy? Let me tell me. Speaks are spiked to me. You haven't returned any of my telephone calls we want to interview you. Why? Anybody that brings me a profile of Sandy Peyton I'm going to return to guys calls right? Where is Sandy? By the way you know do you have the answer to the question? She's in the trunk of Okay okay ladies and gentlemen if the van that's driving around South Florida with Sandy Peyton and the trunk will please come by the W. Y. Z. parking lot we could have a wind's news exclusive for you. Here it comes right now is a matter of fact. Very slowly into the wind's parking lot. Mike Renery is driving. Mike Miller is getting signatures for his petitions out there that of boy Mike who is that is that somebody works here? Is that something he's hurt? Who is that guy? He's wearing a red shirt with matching sunglasses and driving a red card with red socks. Who is that masked man anyway? You have a park he's just back in the parking spot diagonal. Lousy job of parking pal I mean I'm sure you're a great guy. What is the guy from the FM doing? We just wanted to mention that in passing right and you wanted to give another free plug because you're just pretty yeah well I'm trying to get the business and I'm going over to Furco's on sterling road we're looking for their burcos E. Z. A. They're gonna come on the air they got to hit a light bill around here you know but we'd like to get Furcos and thanks Deva once again that's Deva D. I. V. A. on Rickle just got a brickle on Coral that was incredible the fedachini was of suit really was pretty valid they brought a cob salad by which I don't think you got too much of and the hot and spicy chicken that was pretty hot yeah well listen that's that's Deva and Herkose Deva and Herkose thank you boy absolutely no shame you know it's it no shame at all okay now I don't want to drink it's another rectal thermometer I can't believe it oh this is the drug pusher here again look at the way to my way till the people here see what he's passing up hi man he's violent look at this man he FM with hash out of base order is look what the guys given up we just dropped our needle I can't believe it are you really are you a pusher car absolutely awesome ruts you're the money I tell you one thing you better not be here when tapy shows up I'll be long gone this is for all the early very people give us a extra dollar to spend right and they want you know rushing these are discounts for more pills and what was the other thing you're a little game for you to play what you're going through your mail oh yeah drop the pill in the slot that's a good one that's one of my favorite games and time release valium look at that with a close pin with a close pin there he goes that's a neighborhood pusher folks here in Carroll City I can't believe this guy no what are you the what are he's dressed so well right look at the guy there's a little cut and picker let's give it look at that this is what it is is a razor blade I can't believe it this is one a Jim Kelly left behind that's incredible look at the size of those pills these are the these are the drop in tablets that he hands out on believable now listen I know it's been disgusting because we've an I've been sitting here eating and that's not the way it was supposed to be but trust me are they not back yet from the pizza wheel well that's because they're ordering they're bringing loads of food believe me they're bringing tons of food one for Dan and one for me Willie Nelson is here Willie how you doing I can't believe it Willie how's Farmeet going Willie it's great to see a horse sent me over but your teeth and Willie come on my boss sent me over for why who's my boss who is your boss Willie? Cod pepper well that answers the question about the teeth I've one of the many guy that he's hired to help spend that campaign fund a 1.2 million good and obviously you won't have it a good time to buy that t-shirt with a little of it yeah doctor jam jam for yeah great he's also has a rambo book so that the reason I stop by you want me to find out when your next remotes going to be in harm the ill beach because we're going to combine corn feather yeah great we invite okay we'll look for you pal get him out of here okay who is whatever happened to y'all with the event with Sandy Peyton locked in it I still in the bag and now y'allton and Sandy are together in the van in the bag that ought to be interesting okay now the food is on away from brick oven it's going to be real interesting to see how this crowd well I keep saying that then until a clock I'm getting a lot of here but it's going to be real interesting to see the way we manage the crowd at to a clock it's going to be a frenzy is this going to be like the hallmark all over again that's right and we're going to keep the food worn by putting it after the transmitter exactly we're going to put it on the final tubes we're putting out about six watts today right that's right what is your story well I'll tell you go inside and all in Ross will tell you she'll explain it to you boy I'm telling it he's interns man they are totally awesome he's holding the happy sperm what is this boy it's just I'm telling it you think this is an easy business man yes man I've been listening to you for a year and a half and it's obviously affected here yet I had to meet you I drove all the way from Hollywood from Hollywood and I work for you use the Santa Monica Freeway no 441 and you are terrific you make me laugh sometimes you make me mad but that's how it goes thank you did you get something did we give you it oh come on all the way from a Hollywood come on give a resperm somebody will you please I work for Toyota of Hollywood I want to give them a little plug and for those Japanese cards are they for Hollywood okay and so they're rather have a plug Hollywood the most Japanese cars we should mention that all of our happy sperm candles are autographed by Mary Joe Whitehead Mary Beth oh down 764 oh 707 in Broward or 64091 in date and now here again is Neil Rogers okay we have a real crowd on hand out here today what a card I wish we had TV for this can everybody see this man I tell you tapping the column never looked better and it's a picture oh I can't even have you ever seen anything like that she looks like that Russian she's one of the KGB spies and she's holding a big douche bag over the waistbasket with a sour look on her face and it says with friends like you and you open it up who needs anamos who look at that that's incredible we have more on the FCC Tom Jicker from the line news just called for my reaction and I said you can tell them that I think the FCC is full of S H and whatever else the news will print in the rest of that word and dot dot I think it's going to be S dot dot because the news is very nervous about those things yeah Howard Kleinberg it's real nervous it's a pace off time but anyway we have maps of all the celebrities and Broward we've also got some we've saved the good stuff for the last hour we figured anybody who would stick around long enough for the last hour this current by the way it's really good I'm going to say that for Kathy West and how are we going to give these away because everybody's going to be now is it okay so I forgot one of the black cases is disqualified for these okay but how about the rest of me like how many of those swatch watches what do they say I'm they say Winc they say Lorye okay well listen whoever takes all their whoever takes all their clothes off no not this crowd we don't want anybody taking her now no sir please this is a family show I got one yesterday boy and if I showed it here it would be all over try you huh no no no we don't want that either not after the ruling well is there anybody wait a minute what is this thing this is really spring house cleaning at Winc we had a lot of junk inside that would have been desperate to get rid of speaking that there's done my Rio de just can you come back and done is wondering what the hell is going on here today what is going on according to haircut by the way was he really oh that mario is ready for the broadcast tomorrow night he's got a new haircut boy he's got that bob greasy look today I'm telling you mario is unbelievable now what is this this looks like a diaphragm I can't believe am I right is that this that uh beginning look oh wait a minute these are the big apple what you do with these where do you stick these then on your visor is stick it on your visor well how many people here are from New York okay well listen how many new York things have we got how many oh we got a lot of these don't we okay give it to the young lady behind you from New York New York not all my year from my right New York no father's big oh that's okay then here's one that's just no smoking well wait a minute these all say the same thing on them I make a pardon the pieces you know wait a minute now you see all of the center going to forget about me all together you know this proud I'm telling you no this is just a no smoking thing what would like this now they don't want this what was an you just real oh here comes Wendy with a pizza I can't believe it seven seven three we're coming and his more common man you guys are great great who wants the no smoking we got any fanatic not you'll take anything I know that the big kneel oh my god it weighs about 400 pounds that looks pretty good oh that's a big kneel that's a big kneel it's never you down the oven yeah oh call time jica hilltaya okay listen how are we gonna do this let's just pass these about and share these with the people around you you know yeah these are if there's any a fanatic or jews here these are all on leavened breads it don't panic I'm just taking a one slice trust me trust me and I'll get all the rest of it out of here oh wait am I love you get the heat but I left all a good stuff on it hmm that's good okay if you're listening and wondering what the hell is going on here today that's exactly what Gary Lawrence is wondering inside too did anybody get him out here or is he still in hiding we just gave the big kneel to the kneel look like oh yeah well ritual hill in hill at about two seconds well wait what you're going to sit there eat the whole thing come on now just for the micronurite shirt okay okay I just want to make sure oh he's got the big zedi I can't believe it listen to these animals ladies and gentlemen it is all or gashmick out here okay here hand uh huh you don't want it well give it to these other people how do you like that we got a guy here who doesn't eat I can't believe that where's the other who else doesn't have food over here over here on this side they don't have food all they don't eat it looks like yeah they did they oh how do you do a show and it just have a bunch of animals eating around you man or all just size a good good stuff huh yeah it's good stuff Rick oven always the best in fact Dan is gonna be speaking here again because I'm gonna have this little piece okay this is the big kneel I guess I should eat it in honor of my friends at the Rick oven Pitcher Rio and you're talking the big kneel is what's on everybody's hands and mouths right now Dan it's a pizza you know well I mean the rule hasn't got an effect yet so we're gonna get it a few and our last 50 minutes I don't think any it looks obscene but it must taste great here we go tomorrow's guess will be open wind free here on the kneel rod yourself and Tammy and well Tammy it's hard for Tammy fade to talk these days what are feeding the alarm out this full we can say that I guess right anyway what do you all think about this huh and our studio in the sun right now here wonderful w i mean w i and z according to slip oh what is what I did Dan well it was nice anyway this place looks like a picnic battleground right by the way if Alice is listening now looking for material for tomorrow if you tune into Maru Alice at about 10 o'clock you'll you'll figure out which words it is that I can say and then you'll know which ones you can say well they haven't passed any ruling that's again Simon casting right we can just Simon cast the show over there it's already gonna take delay here and oops we're gonna whisper here that's late I don't know if I can say that I've better pass it to the big cheese here here talk mark for okay he's passing it on to the big cheese right now we hear live all right we did get confirmation on this Alice there is a big sperm candle waiting for you at area that comes directly from our sources at area and we may do a remote from their reports over with I'll talk about a night mill now I think you're living all the all right there while we have the pizza here we might as well bring on the miller okay here we try to go with I don't want to try to take over the show or anything but first of all art line Stein and Marvin that's been sorry about that but I'm true and having a good time downtown can I introduce the sperm net's new some of them at least let's not jam look at a are yes support book Tony, glory. Korea and the firm man. The firm man, the country's doing for us. Why is the way in Holland now? Why is the way here? Have a single heart attack. Sing along and of course the man behind it all missed my Emmy Marlin. We call him that right? My Emmy Marlin. No it's Martin Daly. A superstar creation. Look at him take the mic. Here we go. This is the same guy in Holland. I couldn't get him to say two words. You notice all of his sudden slowly but surely they all become the evolve as Tampy would say in the superstar. There's a me people in the world. I'm still out of blame him. Wait a minute. What is this stuff? There's all my god there's loads of pizza from brick oven just showed. Let's go. Bring that pizza here bud. Come on, pal. Wait a minute. Where the garlic slices? I might dive into one of those. If there are those in the audience listening getting hungry, that's tough. That's about him. Like go over yourself to the brick oven and sprinkle a few bucks and get yourself some good food. Look at this. There you go. You know what I think we might do? We might do like a whole week out here. Like next week or something out on the lawn. We can play a game. You can do play by play. We got enough people here. We see the only problem with that is you can't do play by play unless somebody scores. And in his place nobody ever scores. That way the rumor. We have the happy sperm canals here. Yeah, well that's a good start. Although you notice the interns are still wet. Why does this? Why does this fart? You're selling her cone right here, Neil. Oh, wait a minute. Are you serious? From wait a minute. Well let me read it. This is from Bass Itch in the Luria's Plaza 1-1282 Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines. Oh yeah. Bass Itch purchased any corner cup and get a second single scoop. Half off. And the New York Times that Communist newspaper says that Bass Itch is the world's finest ice cream. I'll open it up already and let's fight out. Do you find for everybody? Boy, boy this is great. This could be the marketplace of South Florida and Carroll City. You know we don't have any imaginations. We let you come for the merchandise here. You don't have to do it on the phone. What if you come down before you feel people have been down there? But if the mountain won't come to whatever will come to the mountain. No, listen to that shot. What a shot. We got a new. We got French vanilla and chocolate chocolate chip. Oh the chocolate. The French. I'm not into French at all. Believe me. The French vanilla is for the gift. Give that to her for her trip. Will you please? Anything that will help her go away. Fans. This is the best I can. Well it's going to melt fast too. It'll temper to that incredible texture. Look at this. They're flipping underpants and everything out here. Man, this is getting to be wild. No wonder Gary doesn't want to come out here. He doesn't want to spoil his image. Okay, that's great. Well I'm going to taste this when we do our break. And if you don't have spoons, it would be embarrassing for me to eat. To gum it right out of. Thank you very much. It's Coachella La Paisa and this is Bassett's. In the lourious plaz I know where that is in Pembroke pie. I can all wait for Pembroke. Thank you. Yeah all the way from Pembroke. It's five minutes up the road. Come on now. Well it's a big chop of jam. I know. I know all the people waiting to cross the Pembroke road. I know it gets your stir. Have I got ice cream on my hat now? Quite. Oh good. Okay. Oh wait a minute. The good prizes have come out. What is that? Dolphin Jenny. Oh we've got no, I don't want one. Let's give them away to these people. I mean they be kind enough to a shwitch up here. Okay Kyle, let's do a little break here. It's one nineteen and wync will be right back. You learned me out. I must admit the crowd, the overwhelming. The chanting, the placards. It was just overwhelming. Yeah the embarrassment. What happened? You might have been a skill in Barris. Plus they had his car locked in. He couldn't get out for lunch. And I wanted to come earlier but I was talking to Mark Fowler who is the chair. Of the FCC. And he wanted to know he said what in that hell are you doing down there? So that said what they thought you do spags do it down there. Well I didn't want to say what he said exactly. You have a good time. I have it a great time. By the way we have this. Wait a minute. What the hell is this? Thermo King is just brought in. Tons. Look at that. Mucher Weller. Reconna. They brought in enough Italian food to feed Venice for six weeks. Now we have a little advisory here. I want everybody to quiet down for just a second. We have an advisory from the FCC. The famous seven dirty words which the FCC has used in the past and defining obscenity are on that piece of paper. Exactly. Exactly. That was good. That was quick too. And that was what called saved the license is what it was called. But we are going to get the guy at a Marmortica. We are going to make him define. Now I got him on paper. And we are going to make sure he spells them all out with an S1 with an F and a couple of a C. But that is another story. Now what is this guy out here? What is this guy doing? Is Alice in that truck? It is a refrigerator truck. It is a refrigerator truck. All the way to him. Maybe Sandy's body is in a back of that truck. Wouldn't that be something? I can't believe it. Is there anybody getting out? No, save it for me. Don't give that to anybody. We are out to a community ice cream. Where did the guy go? On this guy, did you bring a spoon sir? Yes, we got a kitchen in there with a microwave. See another fossil arm. We got this guy going to truckload of food. That is our right. We got plenty of food. They are doing a job on a big ZD. On the pizzas and ice cream. By the way, some of my audiences got some wild diseases. So I would just be very eyeed watch at guy before we do the communal ice cream meeting. We got an incredible crowd. This is bigger than some of the audiences are some of the other shows. It's bigger than a lot of the rock concerts I've been to lately. You know those FM stations. They are great. Why do we think we are going in there on the FM? Wouldn't it be good? We could take the log microwave and go in the FM see if there is anybody alive in there? Yeah, I mean, they are looking for free publicity. Did you really hear about Alan Fried? We heard you stuff them and you put them in a control. The clean has to come on to raise Alan Fried back to bring him back. I love Alan Fried. Alan Fried was one of the first radio personalities I ever listened to. But he is way past any of it. You are audience here because none of your audience here are over 35. And I am amazed. And I really think if you took a poll, I don't think you would find anybody 50 years old in the audience. Wrong. Where was that one lady that was here? Come on. Did she go away? Just spelling the myth. We are just spelling them here right now today. She left. You mean that prune that was here because she was a nice lady. Come on. She was really nice. Is there anybody here over here? You got to stand up for this one. There she come. Oh wait a minute. Here she comes. You asked for it and you got it. Here she comes. All right. This is what we have been waiting for. I can't believe it. She came all the way. You want to do a little play by play? Purple and white shirt with black knickers and black shoes. And she's gay walking. She walks a little like Oprah Winfrey to walking like Jay and here comes her husband here. Her husband's way by. And black pants and a white shirt. He's about 20 yards behind and he's going to come up here and talk. Oh, this is going to be a good idea. All right. He looks a little like sunny Rosenberg's brother is a matter of fact. I can't believe it. This is great. Come on, man. Step right up here and say hello to America. Come on, camera. Come on, camera. So that the world can see you. Hi. Where did you come from? Femblefrancer. Hamburg. Fine. So that's what I had. Are you ready? Did you come for freebies or did you come just to say hello? My husband came. Oh, you're not here. Can't from Carson City. Oh, I'm going to call him sitting in your May. Well, you know, prostitution is legal in Carson City. Do you trust your husband? Oh, my. By the way, I think I'll assure her this card. I'll assure her this card. You might want to think a second time. Oh, my god. Now that the food arrived from Rick oven man, the caravan of cars is unbelievable. Is tapvy in a midst of all of that? Oh, I'll pick up truck and. Oh, here comes tapvy. Well, it's happy. Look at that. I can't believe it. Tapvy bleached her face white before coming in. I can't believe it. Well, if you got a sense of humor or what? Okay. Thank you so much. You're going to carry Lawrence. Here he's going back in to check the words again. What is this that we're giving out now? Is this something valuable? Was that for me? Is there something that explodes inside? Sir, what is this? Oh, this is no paper. Thank you. That's good. That's excellent. Well, am I going to get a good haul out of this today, huh? This is better than we ever dreamed. I just thought it was going to be quiet out here and the sun was shining. Nice peaceful show. And man, we've had like a picnic out here today. Out here in a boondox, man. This has been incredible. I think it's about $10. Just outside. Okay, we have a discount. 10 bucks in the first six houses on 47th Avenue for parking spaces. Hey, listen, we could make some money for these fakers up here on 47th. You know, we could do something for them. We can put a football field out here. Okay, where's the happy Macau? Where's the air she comes? Okay, this is the moment that they've all been waiting for. Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes, the lecture the audience. By the way, what did I wait a minute? What did I just do it at slip? What happened to the, oh, I got it in my hand. No, what do I can't find it? I was just wondering, I heard this news about the FBC and I wanted to- Okay, now I want you to read this. It says the SECC has decided that DB Cooper has to change the name of its stores. Oh, very interesting. This is called the seven deadly sins. Neal, neal, neal, neal. You left Howard Howard and Alice. What happened to FAC publish this? I'm going to make the guy shady's on here tomorrow. My mother would wash my mouth out with soap. Well, I've heard some of the jokes you told off the air. If she heard some of the material you use, she'd wash more than your mouth out with soap. It doesn't matter of fact, FAC. Here we go. I don't know. Hmm, well, it's nice to see you all out here today. It looks like you've been having a nice meal. We want to thank- Is this evolved this crowd? This is a wonderfully evolved crowd. I mean, anybody, you know, who wears a corse light or WI is- They're happy to have you sperm right there. That's a- That's a happy right there. You know, pink isn't my color. You have an influence. Oh, it's my color is matter of fact. A little pink, oh, you don't- A little pink, oh, I didn't ever want to look here. They'll ride you as a pink color. But, um, well, are you- You notice you've never seen her and John Broward together. Have you noticed that? Well, that's what I am. Oh, and she puts- She puts a uniform on. John Broward, where are you when we need you, right? Let's- Oh, good fun. John Broward. John will be goose stepping up to the entranceway any minute now. I'm becoming a long-distance- What is- It's a matter of fact. Mike Thompson called me yesterday morning and he just wanted me to send you his best regards. Yeah, Tom, to blow it out a zero, okay? Tell him he's a- A great American, he never stole a freight train. He was on his morning as matter of fact. I listened for about three seconds when I heard his voice. He was sitting on 12 telephone books. He was defending God. But we couldn't figure out which one. The one on the right. We over on a far right as far as you can see. Okay, there she is, tapping the Calum Tapio on a two today. You're not really- you're not really going to do that show on a taxes. Are you tapping? No, no matter the fact I have a better show than that work. Thank God, okay. All right, say we're working on her. We're working on her. We had an intensive meeting last night in the program director worked on her for about 45 minutes. And really changed her outlook on like softened her up, right? Exactly. Anyway, we have a crowd of folks here, Tappy. Thank you very much for stopping by a little bit early. They're starting at least. About five, six thousand. Six thousand people here easily. I mean, this lady wants to- if you can say hi to your husband. I want to say hi to Joe, who's listening right now. You can't do that. Oh, I'm sorry, Joe, I can't say hi to you. Okay. We're going to give you your ice cream back if you do that again. Tappy didn't take her candles. They'll sit in there. Well, she doesn't want to ruin her image.