All those great things yesterday that she's in part It wasn't broken right? At the time the ship in the glass bottle was not broken It wasn't a ship in the glass bottle It was a fake when I when I leave the studio today I'm gonna get inside on a ship that had to go any place it'll take I'd love to see that I bet you would Listen, happy west is just adorable I think it amazing how the audience is turned around We're going to do the show from her hospital No matter fact, she's gonna have her baby here in the studio Hospital I want to be there Seriously, she's gonna have her baby here in the studio I love it We're gonna have her head wife She's in the house here Well what a pair I love it It's just great But I want to ask you Do you have club passes to Galshine? So I have some leads show I have all I have everything you could ever need and then some I'm sure you do Okay, I just wondered if you did a lot I sure appreciate that I appreciate the thoughtfulness I was really nice yesterday That's me And I give my love to mom I hope she likes what I said Thank you and have a great Easter tomorrow You have a great Easter tomorrow I know Passover is still on So keep enjoying Okay Okay, dear Man who called Craig said that Craig said that Neal would never kill himself How the hell does he know? Interesting All right, I'll tell you what I'll show him a finger to wait till the next hour Okay It's some of those stem nuts in it Exactly Man I'm telling you Kathy West left some garbage here That even a parrot would laugh at In fact, I think the parrot dropped some of those in the box I mean it is the most disgusting looking stuff That anybody's ever seen I would just tap it on the phone there With that glitch all of a sudden just in like one second It leads Lee on top Okay, we have a couple of open lines In date county 624 O191 And there's an open line in Broward at 764 O707 What are you looking for Tom Tom Gallagher's OIC Tom's looking for the newspaper So that he can bring you some heavy lines That of course is one of the great tactics that they Wins new staff has been famous for for 11 years now Is that we take boring news out of the Harold And we make it Interest the college And he was like Colops and this is news and that give it to you Oh, that's true I'm going to get the weather from the folks over there Maybe Tom Schafer's still hanging around with Craig Talking about his mystical boat I'm telling you man Radio in this town is reaching new levels ladies and gentlemen Even the FCC isn't prepared for what's we're on the horizon Of an official follow sleepless intimacy Exactly, they'll be into a terminal coma And of course the new chairman of the FCC Mr. Right Wing We're going to have him probably on the Tafi McCamham show One of these days in the next couple of weeks And he'd probably be the first guest to follow sleep on the phone Do you remember called or had a couple of callers Oh, I was sleeping on the phone number those and he would be you from you fit From the redlands he must be related to Biff from the redlands Okay, listen we're out of time for this hour Froucae could see her and he's going to stick around until the Reform police come in and take him away And Tom Gallagher who just is trying desperately to figure out what the hell is Saturday morning business Is all about Thomas standing by he's going to try to bring some respectability back to all of this He's got those local and area news headlines that Wins is so famous for World news from CBS at the top of the hour and we'll come back at 1106 Ernie Sotchen is going to be doing his show from Temple Bethel at 2 this afternoon Get up 94 news wins if you'd like to call Neil Down 7640707 in Broward or 624-0191 in date And now here again is Neil Rogers Okay, we have a special celebrity guest standing by boy We've got him all today man are coming out of the woodwork They're coming from Kendall and from Panellis Park And from Carol City and from Hungary Is a matter of fact and yesterday of course We had that jerk on from the FCC James McKinney Well absolutely told us nothing I mean the most ambiguous vague bunch of mong in the history of radio And we also talked to Jerry Williams and this morning We thought we would probably talk to one of the real experts on radio Obscenity who was standing by in Panellis Park are you there sir Yes I am this may cost me my job Rogers but right now you're full of dude Oh that's okay Hello Mr. Lastman Does that have to do with the next criteria something I'm not really sure Or is it just that you haven't grown up and you continue to talk in baby talk If that's the case it's okay There's a lot of bull number two if you ask me See here he goes man we've had him on like for 20 seconds And he just spew it out man It's just like a gigantic telephone animal Well I'm going to call off of the whole thing Rogers There's a guest here in the studio who'd like to say hello to you Hello Mr. Lastman how is everything up there doing Everything is fine up here doing You still have that right there in the studio with you He's in the studio we have him captured in here And Lee follows on his way with a group of boardops And they're going to beat the crap out of him Well I died change to the chair I wouldn't let him get away Take his phone privileges at least They're taking away the way That's okay, but we have sources up in temple how many get through We're trying to get to a night 800 number but I don't want you to pay a dollar for it that wouldn't be fair Don't answer the 100 number anymore You don't? Oh only when we're desperate don't have any other call do we Oh no one is ringing a lot In other words every 20 minutes So how are things going over there Bob Things going pretty good How's the wife? The wife is fine thanks Did you get the news like that? What is this house the wife? What is this? This is this the Joe Franklin show By the way, I think it's speaking a Joe Franklin show He had the professor Irwin Cori on again last night And I got to tell you something that man is the funniest man In the history of mankind He's hysterical he really is And of course Joe Franklin you know what a great sense of humor he's got And he's sitting there and he's trying to interview his 40 other guests To our sitting you know sprawl over the couch And Irwin Cori just keeps going on and on It was great I don't know what that has to do with anything But well I did actually have a great deal to do with things Because they were dropping apparently the PTO met me The PTO met work up here and replacing it with WOR Hey listen to that There's hope for mankind even he's that in Penelis Yes that is a big secret no one knows that yet Even in Penelis county that's with two else We're coming into the 20th century Well wait till the governor finds out about that He'll probably try to stop and Well there is there is some talk about that So well which of the words did you want to say to us this morning Don't do it please I'm asking a wrong guy We worked for the same company I wouldn't dare When you did once Can we get Bob while he's on the line? Go ahead you can rip him he's got broad shoulders Bob did big shoulders In enormous Bob Yes Of course you are How did uh how close was it between you and talking it? How close is it? And I've not been in numbers numbers I mean not this thing What? Me or the men's point like an 18 chair in this market And you have a five so much I heard you had the height Wait a minute wait a minute Who's pulling an 18 chair? Talked that Why is there this deafening silence? In here what you said No no who's pulling an 18 chair in that market Bruce Williams? Yes And I've been the show The highest wide local members Which are just under a five Four dollars just over a five for one That's you Aren't away the highest locals A Bruce Williams is point 16 17's in 18's Oh my god Amazing We have to have a saliva test in the Tampa Bay area Ladies and all more I don't think there is any saliva up here I can't believe that Are you serial or is this a put on? Oh that's real That's why I feel like doing so good Oops I had a call from somebody at WFLA The other day had a message Some lady at WFLA And I threw it in a waste basket And I laughed Wonder what that was all about Well they are aware of you I had lunch with some people over there This week and we were talking about you In other words they were calling me to offer me a job Perfect That was it But we were talking about the FCC and you and Howard Stern Last Tuesday Well I see I'm today Well you know the chances of my Talking to FLA and one of the competing stations They're the outrageous I don't know if they pay pretty well probably It's probably a $250, maybe a $280 for you Really? They'd like you up there too Although I'd be big in that market man Oh you really want to? The almost as big as Bernard Meltzer Bernard probably is doing over there Well it's funny that Bernard is beating all the ass The attorneys on WC's Snudgets Snudgets, Snudgets which is kind of interesting He is, he's beating them by I mean I think one thing that all three of us have in common Is a basic intrinsic love for Lee Fowler I don't think there's any question about that Bob, do you have any latest information about Lee? I talked to Lee this very week You did what did he have to say? No. Oh that's all, oh no. Oh I get it. Okay. That was dope. Don't even go with that. Bob isn't going to go too far because He knows that when the door is still Even if there's a little creek in the door That he just doesn't want to close it all the way I wouldn't give Lee the pleasure He probably do better than he would He has like he has what's it? He'd be like he's just as popular as Shirley Two five. Two six for him and two five for Shirley Last time I had spoken with him and he told me over my dead body And there was a report up here this week That he had a stroke and died on the air No, that's not true. You gotta tell Joyce the straight now to source his I spoke to her today. She crankled me up in home Joy, I don't see this is going to be really inside Is that that miss fit down in homestead? Do I recalling her miss fit? She's working at the LB now She's a wonderful person. Are you serious? Yes. The audience is listening to all of this And they haven't got any idea And I'm beginning to agree with Martin he That this has gotten so inside I mean even I haven't got any idea Yeah, I mean it's like What any of these people are talking about all of these We have like several different levels of crank callers and groupies And subgroupies and subhumans And it's just amazing What goes on in the periphery of the real world You want to know about Joyce Bender? Of course. I was really into Tom Bender? To Bender over She's probably full-sistered to Dr. Bendova That's from now on. Now she's been over She's still at WRBA Which is a country station Which is off the year She's therewah Weekend nights over there And she's the cop John McEau over here And play him records and stuff like that John McEau John McEau He every time I speak to me Takes shots at you The radio douchebag You remember him? That will at least I'm working No he's working too now He's a general manager of WZR in Mokalee He's pretty funny when he's doing He's doing news over there and Spanish I'll tell you one thing They're big Indians over there He's got eight found in workers And Margaret workers, it's fantastic His name is Raul Travahay I got news for their loyal Because when they get that buck to fill out the diary Man, they'll do anything Oh, so he's got an enormous audience Send that into You believe this? I mean, you believe this is on the air Because I'll tell you I sure don't Anyway, getting back to why I called you Because I'm sure that someone who lost a job over an innocent Forlet a word Probably is apoplectic It turns out that most of the people on the air This market are a bunch of whips They are not a whips They're really a bunch of whips Because I'm the only one who's really making a Shrill protest to this And the other ones of course are You know, busy Looking the boots of the commissioners up there Lee Getting me Oh yeah, even Fowder is quoted in the Haroldus morning is saying I think it's a good decision There are many irresponsible people in this business Who are offensive And have no business being on a radio I was Of course we all know that Lee is patently offensive Just on the face of him Oh, I wouldn't think This is sex elephant pose and how often do elephants do it Yeah, yeah, he's recently been involved in a series of sex pool I wonder why is that like that old The white say The white favorite down there People who don't get it talk about the most I don't know a question about it all Kathy West is an exception Go ahead sir I'm sorry you were saying what you say what I just didn't leave hours my favorite talk He's my favorite too, especially David Fowder up And they have another follow-up There's just before last thing in the morning And I keep losing my train of thought Because I'm trying to have a conversation And this misted over here just keeps rambling on And rambling on with incoherent non-secretors That make absolutely no sense even to him But what do you have that misted in a studio? He just showed up here today He just showed up and you know we felt sorry for him We figured you know he's been desperate for so long To have some attention and we thought we'd give him some This is a man or the boy that you were calling in the middle of the night And cry about Exactly, he used to bring tears to my eye Are you serious? No Okay, that's good Now what were you saying about what you said yesterday Or last night about the FCC ruling Are we going to ever get to that? Or is this just going to be one of those teases that goes on and on and on? I did about 15 or 20 minutes on it, that's it That's it? Totally ignored it They're not in the least bit interested I can check that You've got to be kidding me Oh, I'm dead serious I mean this is on the front page of the Miami-Herald this morning Of the world famous herald And channel 4 and the world famous channel 6 News people came by yesterday during my show And if channel 6 comes by the cover You know it's got to be big stuff Well the front page of the same Tuesday Time this morning has a Florida and other states revive long-term All alone. Oh, that's good Oh, but now wait a minute I bet they're big on the obscene bumper sticker law The warrant they know that is really even known about up here They don't have ties with us I ask you a stupid question What the hell is it that they do talk about up there? What on my show are the others? On any show up there For example this morning I'm sorry I'm giving you a strip throw You are and Kathy West has gone all the way home to get me whatever the stuff is to give me some drugs You West Yeah Who is Kathy West? We don't have time to go into a cheesy family way And she's pregnant Guess who's the father I wouldn't even want to try So long pause here I noticed that I wouldn't even want to go ahead Don't let him, you know, don't let him deep-six this conversation Just keep going ignore him Pretend he's not here Well no this is this market up here Could not care less first of all We don't have anything that even comes close This market with a possible exception of the cues Who Now on the cues, who they are extremely racist and sexist That's okay that is not in decent And Mason Dixon the operations manager at the cues Mason Dixon Mason Dixon Ryan I was quoted on paper yesterday A thing that he thought in decent radio was awful And he would never do it But they just sit there and take shots at every minority known to man And perpetuate every stereotype known to man But that's not in decent They do do is Mason Dixon I don't make up these names I can't believe it Go ahead I'm sorry And that's about as far as it is gone What kind of a stiff market is that? I mean how are you surviving up there? How is a man with an IQ of at least over three? And I know that from personal experience From some of those long depressing conversations We've had on the phone about you wanting to get out of there How is a person able to survive in this world? I'm lucky I have my own following And after a year and a half of going to the Zirka here I do whatever I want to do I take a lot of heat for it And it costs me money out of my pocket However Well what does that mean you paid to be on the air? Almost To pay by the hour by the minute It's very close to my name Damn to be on the air No it with endorsements in a lot of spots Yeah, can I get the ticket to the bag? What's that? All the people up there don't like a lot of the views So they're calling up the sponsors And they've actually had an impact on the sponsorship on the show Oh yeah sure See now that's a difference between the two markets Because down here that especially during the hellemday They tried that And you know there were one or two nervous people who Like went into limbo for a few days and they all came back Oh there are people up here who threatened to turn me into the chamber of commerce But I said for tourism To turn you into the chamber of commerce And what is the chamber of commerce? How do you do to your Bob? Oh boy they're going to sentence you to two weeks in clear water With the Scientologists Where waters were at that clear water The acting town up here Boy that's his a lot I thought Bob's going to work at WSC when Go playing bingo on the air with the old people That would be good Man I'm telling you those old ladies They still just they just go nuts They're probably right now hearing your voice Is doing things for them? The Lexi would even doctor Ruth couldn't do He has more crankers all up there for square inch than anybody And all you get a lot of crank calls up there? Millions I'm not the way that you do in Miami No he does he's lying to you I have them docked I haven't untaped I should have brought the tape Bob you get so many crank calls up there Oh Mr. Lassarder Who are just in rage They're the real people They're not calling up just the crank They're calling up because they can't take it In any other words they're really peo Yes Really tingle off Hmm Seems to wait for that letter to come in the mail You know this McKinney that I had on yesterday I asked him if it was true that they sent a personal letter of warning the Howard Stern And he said the warning is not only for Howard It's for you too Neil and for everybody else Like just a little subtle intimidation You know about his subtl as an elephant in the Chinese shop Okay listen hold on a second you're not going anywhere are you? I Like I said hold on for it Twenty minutes past eleven at WI and Z Bob Lassarder is with us Fruitcake is here in the studio If Lee is listening by the way you know where the station is And we have an open door policy here Moving from one place to another is a big step And it's important to work with someone that you trust If you're considering a move Call your neighborhood moving in story Jecks birds Father and son moving in stories Father and son have been family owned and operated since 1908 Three generations of moving experience And you'll receive modern move Twenty four minutes past eleven at WI and Z we're speaking with Tom Likes And now actually Bob Lassarder is on the phone And you'll be pleased to know that some little old lady in tennis shoes Just called Kyle and is just spazzing she's so delighted Here you are a malifluist voice Oh, the centorian Oh team Will team? I don't know who it was One of those old bags of cheese to call you when we can They need to all your listeners you told them not anymore They're not man I've sent them all to Siberia My audience is all under ten By the way, I want you to understand the impact of this The business about exploiting children Children may be listening that business Oh of course that's just a bunch of nonsense Yeah, they're using children as an excuse to be fascist And censor free speech But the bottom line is you know who they're referring to They're not talking about anybody under twelve Because all of this is based on the nationwide arbitron ratings According to Mr. McKinney of the FCC And as a result of that, since there are no measurements for any one under twelve They're talking about people between the ages of twelve and seventeen Now aren't you just positive as can be that somebody to say 15 years old Is really offended when they hear somebody use one of the words that they use You know, 400 times a day on the average Yeah Well the extraordinary thing is last night We stopped off and got a quick hamburger at McDonald's Wait a minute, was Craig warning with you? He was it You don't know what it's like to be able to afford to go to McDonald's Well you don't have a dollar of your pocket friends You don't know what that's like There was a man sleeping in one of the benches over there But he's not even a sailor head on Yes he did And brown checkered pants I can't believe he came all the way back in this morning Do I'll show it? That's incredible I don't know who it was but he did look familiar In any event we're sitting in the booth and there's a booth next to us with two women Apparently on mothers perhaps under 30 just over us Not under We were getting up to leave and one of them said And I just think the whole thing whatever they were talking about As a bunch of bulk you know what The point is you can go into even McDonald's with Ronald and the American flag And the little employee game and a whole thing The mood for this line which all over the place Does anybody remember the watergate tapes? Snicks and staves? I was going to say tricky dick but we can't say that on the air anymore either Well does anyone remember our illustrious president Calling the members of the press Oh yeah Oh boy even Ronnie has used exploits I can't believe it What do you got to understand? We're living in this Casper milk toast world at the FCC and all those sea-nile Farts up in Washington Where they come from As nothing to do with children it makes the people themselves the moral majority The Federation for decency and all of these other people The right wing? Morality and media by the way are jumping on the bandwagon on this one Not They say that they're going to fact it's in a lost regional that our guest brought in this morning Bradley Curl National Director of Morality and Media says that they're going to be monitoring Howard Stern's show and complained to the commission if he violates the broader Indicency standard that they passed yesterday So they had something else in there about increasing promiscuity and there Did you see that was a little quote down there at the end of the article about about saying that if people started using those kind of words on the air Then AIDS would I guess get out of control Oh yeah, I don't want to talk about it All somebody has to do with a douchebag on here and right away everybody Agrabbed the person next to them and starts doing you know, I've seen things By the way if there are people in the audience who'd like to speak to Bob Lanceter Wouldn't you love to do that? I've got to take calls too This is our dime you understand you know what a cheap company this is And I've got to talk all of your twitch cavities down there exactly Okay, would you do that? Of course. Okay. Now if there are any is we've already got a whole bunch of people that have been hanging on I have no idea why because yours is what do we do we took this call right after the news So what the hell are these other people still hanging on for man? I'm telling you they are loyal aren't they not to bright, but they are loyal. I hang on and on and on It's just incredible. Okay, we have a couple of open lines here in date at 624-0191 And I'm sure that there must be some last-letter groupies in date Who would just spaz at the nose to get on the phone and hear this malifluis soothing voice From Pinellis Park speaking to the phone and say Ah, shocks Pishol Oh, Pishol But you know I bet you don't say that up there do you you wouldn't have the guts to say Pishol in Pinellis Park the caller said Have we got one form? Doesn't have a shock value. What you're that I had in Miami. You know it would be embarrassing Or if nobody wanted to talk to you That would be more to talk They don't have a lot of the last-letter is it's been a long time That's you see how soon they forget man. They haven't got any idea who the hell you are How long has it been about Bob? Pardon how long has it been since you would it when was the last date when was your last day here? What do you remember the date? Number the eighth. What was it? A year ago December the eighth. Over a year like almost a year and a half December the eighth and 1985. Boy that's incredible. Well you saw that was right around the time of our last talk manion in fact that was the same weekend wasn't it? I think I know that caller was by the way he made that made the I made you say that Well how'd you like his number? I know who it is too. Really? The guy I called right and said, I don't even know how much the last year coming in. Yeah. And so you are full of, yeah. Yeah. No what's it me? So although it's been alleged. Okay listen we got some calls for Bob. Oh we do. Is that for Lauderdale call for Bob Lassidy? Well let's check it out. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah I think this is a crank call. Okay. That's that I could get out there. I know it. I know it. I know it. Okay. I can't believe he said that to Bob. North Miami. Hello. Bob. The last. Yes. How are you doing? I'm doing fine. Please come home. I tried to but they won't let me. Isn't there anything that you can do? Is this a power that would convince him to push you on? Well the matter fact I just asked him that question this very weakening. This is another crank call or by the way. It's not a crank call. I think Mr. Lassidy is one of the best talk close to every hat in South Florida. Well next to John Brown. Please. Okay sir. Good luck to you. I'm not going to press my luck with that one. Yeah. Have a happy, happy circus. Okay. My turn on your flag and amount of the woodwork today. I'll turn that. Dan Slay brought that card and that little thing that you did on the air. And he's going to play it right now. Okay. Wait a minute. Let's interrupt the segment with Lassidy for just a second. We have little special thing here. Let's just be handed to me from the news department. Prior to the arrival of the now famous FCC letter, the federal authorities of devise this FCC danger zone card, which is to be played when it would be talk show host is getting near what the commission feels is obscene and indecent. How did they get that thing? That was it? That's the bad song. 23 people in the production department and that's the best they can come up with. Are you sure? No, those there has to be. Maybe not here, but the other stations have a stay secure and all those double on time isn't there. I can't believe it Dan. What happened to you is something happened to your mind since we last spoke. I mean that on a scale. I mean Dan has been just working to a frenzy in a production studio. And I thought he was going to be putting such great stuff together for us. And I thought this was going to be a real winner. Well, that's just to let people know when you're getting near the danger zone so they can get there. I mean that was so weak on a scale of zero and while a last hitter is on the phone, we might as well play something that last hitter will enjoy. This is Michael Jackson, who is a huge artist. This is Michael Jackson, who is a huge artist. Who is a huge artist. Who is a huge artist. How do you do you? Do you do like I do. Go to the loan. And make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson Glove. Why not either hand the Michael Jackson Glove at the security and peace of mind that I need to do it myself. So remember before you put it on, and. Michael Jackson Glove, who have been once again the word and the hand is better than one and the bush, he is available in secret models for extraterstit Emolation. OK. Okay, now Betsy, they would play that in Tampa, wouldn't they? I, I, I don't, I, I, I, I dialed very much. Do you really? Yes, I do. Well, what a bunch of old bags up there. Oh, let's see. Wouldn't wants to talk about that foul mouth. Don, web. Ooh, bad boy. That ought to be good. Well, let's see how she's in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Hi. I'm not a crank call. I now want to say a lot of Bob and call my grandson. Thank you. I have friends over in Tampa, area who here. I'm here, partial, or we can hear you all the time. And I'm wondering if everybody, you to turn Boondale on for anymore. I've not been up that way for probably a dozen years. Oh, my goodness. Well, I miss you, Bob. Thank you. I'm a shoot-to-do. I used to listen to you all the time. I enjoy getting a close-time like me, and I listen to the Amman. It's been anyway. I'm ready to hear you today. Oh, good show. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey, Bob. It's something nice, sister. I'll try. Okay. So, bye. Can't believe it. Even Jimmy Carter never said, oh, Pasha, to the Iotola. Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes. No, Bob. Can I speak to Bob? Are you deaf? I'm deaf. I'm deaf. I'm doing fine. I'm thinking, look, call you in Tampa from time to time. I mean, I don't know the air, but I usually call you before you go on the air. Do you remember me? I don't know if it's that you may name. You live in South Dakota? I don't know. You live in South Dakota? Isn't Hollywood. I call you to tell you I am missing you. Oh. Oh. You probably said, oh, sympathy calls. And I want to tell you, Bob. I call Lee Soler a few weeks ago. And I was a asking for name. Could replace, you know, um, his game. And I gave you a name. Did you ever call you? No, no, he didn't. You didn't call you Lee Soler. I told him they would be nice if we could get you. And after noon. We miss you so much here. And I think you, you're so intelligent. And everything. And I don't think you belong where you are. You belong in the big city. No one belong where I am, man. Well, can you come back? I could have said, if they'd like. But I thought they could put you instead of passing. Yes, they could have met her thought, but they won. Well, if I call, if I call, if I, if I make, I call Mr. Q and many times, and I mention your name. Oh, the problem is it's real Roger. He's the one that's blocking me in the market. He likes to do something for you, because he knows there are people. Maybe pay a salary. Well, I, I'm going to wait until you come back, but because you, we really need you in Florida, because we got no design. No, we have nobody. I understand that. Well, there is Lee, Tyler. Oh, come on. Okay, man. Listen, listen. Listen, have a wonderful life, but it's commercial time. We're going to put last year around hold one more time, because he's just just got the turret of calls. And we do have one open line in date. If you're hurry at the 624-0191, because Steve won't be back on you. It'll be the first to July 624-0191. It's 24 before noon at WINZ. We have our usual cast of Saturday, Miss Fitz here, and we'll come right back. Okay, 21 before noon, we have Bob Lassiter and Penelis Park. And we also have Steve Cains' replacement in the studio with it. Hi. Hi, Neil. Is Bob on? I want to talk to Bob about some good guys. Who's on here, yeah? Are you there, Bob? I'm right here. Hey, so what were you talking about Mason Dixon? Still provide that. I didn't hear it. I'm sorry. Listen, Jason, you've never do anything like that. Oh, I have stories of Mason Dixon that would burn from once. By the way, thank you for these drugs. I'm delirious. I can just see all those mothers out there. Why don't I camp, and leave? She's getting out for a subscription drug. Say hi to Bob. Say hi, Bob. Anyway, so how's it up there? I'm sure you're talking about. I'm entering a break. She was uttering, you have to say that three-letter. Who was uttering obscenities during the break? Yeah. Yeah. That was one of them. That was one of them. He, they see, if Joe, if he, we heard that the first time that if Joe would say it, it's okay. If adults say it, then it's bad. But if you understand, you've got to protect the adults who are listening out there. That's right. We don't want to hear about that. Exactly. There was another one. I thought you didn't have it. You don't have it. I thought you're all the infigures. I told you they're all the infigures. I thought you're all the infigures. I thought you're all the infigures. I told you they're all the infigures. I thought you were all the infigures. That's right. It is boring in Penalty's Park. Let me drop some of these. Fluffy, yeah. Listen, or what she says, I'll have a lot more interesting than what you're saying. I'll tell you that. This could be our addition tape she could send it to Lee. It's my cake bear. Fine. Okay. Say hi, Neil. Say hi to you. No way. She scared of that thing. Well, I think she's seen too many of those around your house. So what's going on up there? Nothing. Oh, very quiet. Yeah, Mason Dickson. I hear Mason Dickson's going to be on TV with the, or I guess the morning's is. The morning's is going to be on camera. Hi. Hi, Bob. Hi. All right. Well, we just came to give Neil some relief from his, uh. She wants you back on the air also. Who was that? She does. Yeah. High flowers. That's really nice. She's saying flowers are fluffy. I think she's talking about fluffy McHalam. There you go. I'm going to fly there. Boy, she's going to do a good job from three to seven. Yeah. I'm going to tell you my replacement. Only tell her to clean up her length. Yeah. Exactly. That's going to be her first. You're going to have the plant man on the first day. I'm going to be your first day. She'll say frog and that'll really calm. Frog. Froggy. Froggy. No, she does a little work. It's just like that. Oh, that's very close to froggy, but not exactly a man. And four. Yeah. All right. Great. Okay. Are you listening, Mr. McHalam? Okay. Now this is a two year old child. Okay. So you can't be for two a peer to the pre-ent interest of our adult audience. Tell me. It's nice and high. Okay. Thank you, Kathy. That was very thoughtful. But don't do it again. Thank you. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Bye-bye. Yes, ma'am. Be careful. Mr. Please. Go ahead. This is for you, Bob. Okay. Mr. Laster. I'm not one of the fatty, the fatty, the degenerate's normally. But I really do miss you. And I sure wish you were back on the earth down here. I really thought that Neil Rogers was one of the stoppins you from being on the air. I'd come over there and touch him in the nose. Oh, it isn't true. I got more cough in the oil. Yeah, I don't. Oh, all of them were from me. That's only problem. Yeah, they were all cranks. That was the problem. I've done the hit per a top 10. But one call is for the Neil Rogers gift. So, you're like, how many times you don't want them help? We're begging for calls. Are you attacking him? No, not really. This is another one of those last-ter-callers always attacking Neil. Boy, I can't believe it. Let me say that. Go ahead, ma'am. I didn't like Neil Rogers originally. But I've been listening to him. And I've get news to him. You know, he's kind of like a ward on your finger. You get used to him. Yeah. Bob, I sure- A big ward. You're doing this, you and I should come back down here. Well, that's very kind. I appreciate it. Well, you take care of yourself and G to become, do come down even if you go to another station. Okay. Okay. WKT. Ah, shucks. This is good in it. Ah, shucks. Man, I'm going to tell you something. The tinkle meter has just gone right off the end. Let's go to Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hey, you doing Neil? Okay. Was there a decision by the Supreme Court that the Seven Ward's could not be used or was there a legal decision at all? That's correct. The Supreme Court. Yes, he's the preempt that legal decision. Oh, they're not preempting it. They're expanding it. And of course, it is going to be challenged by the ACLU. And it is going to go to court again. The only thing you have to be concerned about is when you look at the composition of this court. You know, somehow I just can't see Sandra Day O'Connor saying do Spag. You know, I just- I've just real nervous about it. We still have that five to four sometimes. Yeah. A fluctuate. They swing both ways. Right. Anyway, okay, I just wanted to ask that. I went to a position. I didn't want to do that. And I like the idea. Maybe we get blasted there and that two to four shifts. You think, can you pull from strings or nothing? I've got three to seven. Hmm? How about two to six? About two to four. In the right of two to four. Yeah, he's not saying anything. Now he speaks to me. It was me, my bags are bags. My bags are all I can. I can't fall with the bags. Oh, you know, if you get Neil to pull from strings for you, a lot of cloud. I got- I got news for- I got about as much cloud with this present regime as a dead frog. Okay. That's how much cloud I've got. And he'll tell you to speak to me. Okay, thank you. They didn't even speak to me. They passed me in a hall named Mudder. Oh, there he is. What's he going to do today? You know, Waterhill. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I get off at a Tampa quite a bit. I was in the WPLP. You're the one. Yeah, their signal is good for about 20 miles. That's 20 blocks. Yeah, very weak signal. But I'll tell you. I listened to that. That's a talk radio over there. And I cannot believe where these people are coming from. They really are in the dark ages. Yeah. Most of them are coming from Britanton. Yeah. Wow, South soda. Oh, boy. And they want to hang everybody. And they think that Reagan should be canonized. And- Well, maybe we ought to put- Yeah, happy on here. Older Bear. I want to offer for Lancet or bring him back here. It couldn't use Tafio, but I just two left wing. Well, we can- Because it's not- Any market is really much more conservative than the Tampa market. The Tampa market or a bunch of armchair social security recipients who hate everybody. In Miami, the conservative down there put on fatigues and go out into the Everglades on the weekend and practice. What's John? Can I talk to Bob for one minute after one question? Go ahead, sir. This is America. Okay, Bob. When you were doing the- I guess it was five to five to eight or something. I would leave Tampa probably around five o'clock and start down 75. And I could pick up almost a four miles. And you get into something really, you know, free swinging in liberal and- And making people think. And then the coldest start coming in. You got to be frustrated. I got to feel it. It's a people weren't listening what you were talking about. Well, that's the same case in Miami that is up here. If you really want to know the truth, the Miami market. Oh, now can I phrase that Miami market was- With more inclined to express their opinion up here. The people just expressed their frustration because call up in screen. You can't really get a dialogue going. Yeah, sure it's frustrating for me. I don't own many in night. How about this if you want to do a morning show on competition with the zoo over there. And unless I've had Neil and Bob. Hey, it's fine with me. That would be great if probably last. But what now in half two hours? I was five and take it right ten minutes. The FM here is looking for people, Bob. Maybe you said- Yeah. The FM is speechless as a matter of fact over the last book. They're speechless. They haven't said anything for two weeks and I think they got another two weeks to go before they're going to let their people start speaking again. Why are the rumors that they take in all the pictures of the FM people down? Oh, that's been for over a year. In fact, just when you left, they took them all down. Oh, really? Yeah. The book, this last book had to be in two colors. So they could put the, the FM rating in red. And leaves. Okay, so you're well-less and good luck to you. Have a great life and audio. So welcome, I'd like to know. Okay. Twelve minutes before noon at WI&Z. Couples concerned about... ...rather house, jolt, listen. ...tranford, oh. Hello. What is warm, huh? I'll say you come here often. Pardon me? Have you been here before? No. First time. Which name? Three-way. Three-way. That's nice. Let's take it. Please, to nature. Take it. Come here. You know, you're here to get some cleaner. Oh, I don't know. You work around here? I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah, yeah, I know. What's the top? It's probably needs to rely on it. Oh, how to say. But you know, with everything it's a news and all, it's to pay. You can start relaxing right now, for your way. I, uh, brought something. Ooh. Uh, sheep. And three-way. Not just any sheep either. Well, wow. Gold, lame. Hey. Pretty good. Come on. Here's the most important part, three-way. And the pro-tech label. Pro-tech tech. Aren't those in dorm? By the city council of San Francisco? Absolutely. You know the pro-tech slogan, though. I sure do. Certified safe. By the city. By the bay. Well, what do you say? Darn. Look at that. I dropped the soap again. Oh, my God. You bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and spikot have condoms. Don't let worries, foil those tense meetings and public showers. Always carry, pro-tech. PROT, the EEP. My free SMB. PROT, the EEP. He then down with no apologies. Dr. Paxi. Dr. Paxi. Dr. Paxi. Dr. Paxi. Don't doubt. No, what it's all about. The pro-tech chief. So they won't send you. All right. Pro-tech condoms. Adhibition of Black Black House and Garden, has controlled division. Keeping situation safe since 1887. It's a 10-4 noon at WI and Z. I hope you're promoting safe-sex in Tampa. On D.I.M. Excellent. Okay. We have another call from Kendall. I'm sure I know who this is. Hello? Hello? Yes. Now this is a new year. Okay. Hi. I've been listening to you since K.A.T.B. by the first album call. But what I want to do is say hello to Bob. Oh, either. Um, this is a lady from Oakland. Oh, sure. I remember. The only news and quick is a part. All right. This is quick. Keeps us apart. And I'm glad you're here from here. I think about you. And I'm bored. Why would you get along somewhere here? Like everybody else. Yes. Everybody else is on. Everybody. And the only other thing I want to tell you is I've listened to the other day to a talk show host. Uh-huh. And he got mad over people saying, Why do people say quick? It's supposed to be quick. You know. Wait a minute. Who is this? Uh, who is this? Pozo. Oh, oh. WNWS. Crick? Huh? It must've been great work. I think. Yeah. All these ascaring on about people saying, uh, quick instead of quick. And I was thinking about us. We say Newton, quick. Well, that's because Craig's been up a quick without a saddle for so long. I'm a guy that we, uh, that's part of the country. No, that's a new jersey. I'm live in the lived in the world. I can't write next to Bob. Really? Yes. We're open. And a first year. We always, we also know the jury, which news from New Jersey, too. So what does that tell you? Yeah. He's from, uh, Pramer Hill. Pramer Hill. Pramer Hill. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I'm from Oakland, which Bob knows his next piece from Calling toward us. In fact, I think Jerry was akin to that mass murderer that they had up there. What's the idea? He sounds like it. Yeah. Okay, Bob. I just want to tell you that people get mad at us for saying quick, but I can't get out of the habit. All right. Okay. That's what that nun said. I'm Kathy Show this morning. Well, listen, man. It's been great hearing from you, but life must go on. Coral Gables. Hello. Yeah. I'm 34 years old. Okay. And I have, uh, remember Bob when he wasn't on his show. And it was great. So let me take a the best combination. Radio had was Neil Rogers and Bob Lasser. And you couldn't be this. Some of those you guys. I mean, the English one of you, the way you guys presented it. And there's no additional but a combination in town. I'm sorry. You last. And I just, I'm just waiting around. One of those radio stations either. Tell what you want to see or the other. One of the others would just bring Lasser back. Oh, I'm assuming you're sequishing at time. And Bob, let me tell you. I can see how you feel over there because you know how. When you got, uh, you, this is very low. Hick town where you're living. I can imagine how depressed you are living in that place. I want to tell you after the last call hearing that, Crick or Creek with the topic of conversation. Exactly. I'm not so sure. I want to come back. Yeah. Oh, come on. This is a much sophisticated town. Listen, Neil. We've been ahead of call yesterday from Rock Creek. Go ahead, sir. Well, I'm just going to be your things. Get a bubble come back to Miami somehow. A radio station. Give me a gun of the yard. No, he's going to be back in a couple of weeks, sir. I didn't want to let it out of the bag. Good morning. I'm Bob. I really hope you make it back because we're, Mr. Forest sleeping. I don't know what's going on. Great town. It gives me a rush. And I hope you come back. Maybe. I'll be tomorrow. Which I could. Thank you. Thank you. I hope you're back. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Now, listen. We're going to do our last break. You want to stick around a little more as your wife getting hysterical. I want to start and get hysterical. I also do with you told me what I said. What do you mean? Till noon. Like way. It's six and a half till noon. We got a three minute break. So I guess when we come back. We'll have to say goodbye. So long for a while to Bob last that or when we return. Okay. You're the one I know. I'm a real nice and Dilmen. They said moment in radio broadcast history. Bob we just called up Mike Miller. He's going to be collecting postcards to bring you back to Miami. Why don't you get that? Thank you, Mike. And then the real question, of course, before you leave us positive negative. Or negative. Neutral. I can't believe it. Listen, obviously you're really titulated to Sound Floor audience. I'm excited to hear your voice again. We thank you for your press, FCC ruling and of course probably you'll be the test case knowing you as we all do here in San Florida and good luck to you. Class Bible question before it goes I know you got about 30 seconds. Was it true that you up in the rock station up there and you said something about the giving out police car under cover police cars license plate numbers and because of that they jumped on your case and you were a good man. That was not me. That was not you and did you ever play that record that you were a part of a. I did a landmark thing in FCC. Why I tell you this is also exciting. I wish to tell you what they were talking about but Bob take and carry yourself our best regards to your wife your boss Dave Murray the whole staff. By the way what time will you be home at that and I was going to call you today. I have something to discuss with you. Really? Well I would say probably around three o'clock so long as nobody hijacks me on the way. Okay I'll talk to you later. Excellent. Thank you, Neil. You bet by. I'm I Brigade. He's a real man. Yesterday jury Williams today Bob last year. Who knows tomorrow maybe even David Gold were reaching for the heights of broadcast intensity here in South Oregon. Now when we come back we have two more open hours till noon which makes it very unfortunate because what the hell we do with this point. Nobody's got any idea but you said you're going to have the n kids calling you. That's a good idea. All those kids are going to call in but of course they'll probably be all your friends. If you have any questions about this, please leave a comment below. I'm Tom Gallagher here with a headline CBS with a news of noon. We'll come back with our number 3 at 12 o'clock and early sunshine broadcasting live from the Hadasamating at 2 this afternoon. Area why? Nation why? World why? When you're there at down here's where you get radius. And now back to Neil Rogers on 94 news wins. If you'd like to call Neil dial 764 0707 in Broward or 624 0191 in date. And now you're again is Neil Rogers. Okay it's 12 o'clock 6. It's funny you should say that because I was thinking about yesterday having my producer called Pam's jingles in Dallas. Oh I'm serious. And doing a show will be great. We could get all the old jingles packages that are no longer in use like the way BC jingles and a little bit single. Uh, Kiner 13 and Detroit for all the real radio groupies. But of course we've only got about six of them so might be boring. Okay we're going to get to all the calls Bob Lassard is gone. He's having a wonderful life. He and his wife are having a little lunch now for the next couple of hours babies. And all sorts of other things that they're whipping up over there in Penalis Park. And Kathy West is on our way home with her young daughter who said several profane things on a year. And we thank her for bringing in my penicillin man. This has been a morning the likes of which. Even Bill Tanner never had a morning like this. And I wonder where Bill Tanner is right at this moment is we're speaking. Kelly makes some speculation or who's with him. No, let's do that a little bit later in the show. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. The old do you know of any talk shows of the past or North Carolina? Ashville, North Carolina? Yeah. No, I sure don't. Crazy loud. I know that WBT and Charlotte, North Carolina used to have talk shows on. I don't know if they still do or not. Oh, well, I'll try them. Another thing. What, why do you mean are you going to Ashville? Yes. Well that's better than Nashville. I'll say that. I'm going there too. Oh boy. Well, you get real religion up there. I don't know how religious you are, but once you leave there. I don't see Dally Barrett. Dally Barrett. Oh yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing. There are a lot of boobs in Ashville. Can I say that? What do I say? I don't know. It's your dime, man. No, I'm not talking about your life. I'm planning on having a new Roger Sandcloth. Great. Down here. Boy, all the people who use my material can join it. I'll. I'll always only to cargo members. Uh-huh. Great. Maybe Steve Dawkins join. Well, another thing if I can go to the talk. I have a play. I'll go to the bank. And then I'll go to the bank. And then I'll go to the bank. And then I'll go to the bank. And then I'll go to the bank. Oh, great. Did they give out free coffee in the Danish? Well, we don't care about that. We're from Chicago. Okay. And would be nice if we could get all Chicago members. And we can call it the Neil Rogers Sandcloth. That's a really great. What do I say? What do I say? What do I say? What do I say? What do I say? What do I say? No, it's nothing but the Neil Rogers Sandcloth. Great. Well, maybe you'll bring all your members to a Pembroke Pines to see me Smith Park next Saturday. Okay. Maybe I can get members from there. Great. We're doing our whole show there next Saturday. It's going to be talk. Me and you three. All of our staff is going to be there. Kathy's going to be there in a family way. And Kathy's going to be there in a redneck way. It's going to be great. Okay. I'll be there in a Jewish way. Okay. And Michael be there in a short fat way. Yeah, thanks for calling. There. Not only kidding, Mike. Why do we do that? Why is it so easy to pick on poor Mike? Because Mike is a pickable person. He just is. He's one of those people. You're really like a lot. And I do. He's a super guy. But it just. There are just some people that there's something indefensible about them. You just want to pick on them all the time. Because of that dentistie. I don't. Boy. Mike. Kind of like Mike Miller was calling me the town bully the other day. That just came back to me. And that in Cipid Conversation he was having with the caller. And he was talking about how some people have to be the town bully. And they're always pulling everybody around. But that was before I redeemed myself with a show yesterday with a guy from the F. Mike needs some help. I don't know what he needs, but probably a job. Probably a job. In fact, there's a rumor that yesterday was Mike's last day. Well, as Holly would. Hello. Yes, no. Well, there is no. Yes, sir. Holly, weird. I'm a cab driver and I had to pull off the road yesterday. I bet. Yes, during the. The conversation with the general and from the. Fashes since the Cip Commission. Yeah. I'm hearing. Can I read some here? It's called amendment one. It's 200 years old. Go ahead, sir. Congress shall make no more respecting in the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise there of. Or abroging the freedom of speech or of the press or the right of people, repeatedly, assembly and to petition the government for redress of grave. Yeah, there's no after it's an error. Exactly. There are no exceptions. In first of all, when a Supreme Court ruled years ago that the first amendment is an. Absentity is not protected on the first amendment. They're not they're crazy. I don't see any after it. I don't think there are no exceptions. Right. I wasn't the anonymous stuff. And I would like to say, I think you're fighting for a long freedom. More than I was there because we're not going to be a con or a Russian. It's a huge bag. Derecrack is just going to kind of nibble it away. Well, if I pay attention, I don't want to get to BMW's. Or there be am is a case may be. But you know, that that's a thing that amazes me is that. And maybe I'm just in dream world, but the rest of the broadcast, at least in this town, the rest of the broadcast community doesn't seem to be up at arms. I mean, they're exploiting it naturally because it's on a front page and something that talks about and gets some calls on. But in terms of really being up in arms, they're not in a lot of them in a very selfish way as I said earlier. If it doesn't affect them or what they do, they don't care about it. But how about next week or next year when the FCC decides that any of vicious verbal attacks against politicians or against the president are beyond the bounds of decent broadcasting. And you know, the year after that when it's something else. What can the people that are urinated off? Can I say that? Yes. What can we do about that? What can we do about it? What can we do about it? Only average, you know, the average guy out there to just, you know, this woke me up man, it's just on a steel, still on freedom. Yeah. Well, I was going to do something about that today, but I'm going to wait till Monday because I want to talk to somebody at the ACU here. Maybe we'll even get him on the phone. I realize that petition drives on something like this. I don't want to sound like Mike Miller petitioning for the Super Bowl. But at least you know, I mean if 69 letters can influence the FCC out of Philadelphia, I'm sure that thousands of other letters ought to have an impact. I'm not sure they will, but at least they ought to. Can you say 69? Well, if the guy from the FCC did yesterday, although I noticed he was trembling when he said it. Oh, he's humble when you said dickhead. Oh, yeah. Twice. No, but Monday really, I mean, you know, I mean, there are people out here that are concerned about our freedom. And we know we got a fight from these bureaucrat two specks. Can we, can I say two specks? You already did twice, isn't it? Three times like that. Goody. But wait a minute, you see it's that constant repetition. Of course, of course, the word has no meaning, but I'm sure that some of those stuffy jerks have to be a bad one. You can say in him a bag. Thank you. Okay. Well, I want to change it to that one. But you know, I mean, really, definitely. We don't have the letter yet. Okay. So you can say anything you like other than those seven words because we don't have the letter yet. As long as it all, don't say, don't say any one of the seven. I'll have to dump it. Oh, hello. I'm not sure we can say dump any more either. No. Oh, no. That's extra. Exactly. That has a new colloquial meaning. Can you say a bovine of species or things like that? Bovine or feline or canine, as a matter of fact, just not human. Just not human. Yeah, let's see. Let's all go. Oh, my God. What do you do? I can't. Oh, I heard that. Yeah, I think that's the buzzer on the microwave. Okay, sir. Have a nice day. It's. Yeah, that was interesting. I went to 14 past noon at WINZ. Ernie Sochen is going to be having a pass over say to Ron and show to the Sanctenone from to the seven with some of the original members from the last Supper. It's going to make money on the air. Exactly. They're going to be breaking and baking. Let's go to the Miami Beach. Hello. Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay, sir. I want to speak to the person. I want to address something to the WINZ chronic phonolar just went off in my ears. Yeah. A guy from the FCC. Aren't you going to bring me my medication, sir? I mean, a few weeks ago, you were so concerned for my health and well being. That's right. That's right. Okay. I'm going for another more. What's your day? You're going for one? From luck. So, I see how my diabetes is. Okay. But I know I'll be a right. I don't need anything, I'd really. But let's forget that said in this. Let's just go from the FCC. All I can say is all I gave it and cut and dread. Oh, you can't see that, sir. I know. But he don't know what that means. I do. Because you're not. I want to do it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what these guys are going to do next. That's impossible, right now. But I don't know what that. Hold those. World with these people. Maybe it doesn't like that. Or did I just say two? They're going to put a 976 number on all the talk shows. And trace them from under coming too. All right, they're listening. Take care of yourself. And you're going to a good job. Get ready. You fight in that guy. All right. Okay. Good luck to you. Along. Oh. Oh. This is a level I need to follow. You're going to slow it. You can't believe it. I don't listen. I'm going to say it. It's 1216 at WING. That's the sound of South Florida breathing. You know, it's just barely. How long have I told you that's offload of needed. Some kind of a transfusion or maybe oxygen. And you can you can just tell by listening that they're just barely. Well, that was a table. Get a Tanner's house. Okay. Oh, for me. Okay. Let's go to a day v. Hello. How you doing? How you doing? Yeah. What's up? What do you think about this credder? Pull on you. The East Harrow statement. Did you say, Crodd and Sir? It's Crodd. Yeah. Did you say that to appeal to the Prairie and Interest of the Children who are listening in my audience? Yes. Crodd is something on the bottom of the toilet bowl. How about that? Is this the tidy bowl, man? Yeah. The tidy bowl, man. Okay. Well, so long as we keep an indigenous to your line of work, sir, there's no problem. Well, you should. It's not my line of work. I was the one who called you the first time with a two-ch bag. Oh, yeah. The guy just stole that line. He said that about. So, any fire time, you have to get that patented. It could be patented. It's not patented. That's right. How about dog bowel? You like to say that? Let's not see, you know, let's not get into a tinkling contest here today. See, what we can't say and what we can't because we can say any of it, but it isn't going to serve any useful purpose. So, what's going to happen now? Nothing's going to happen. I mean, what's going to happen is a lot of us are going to raise Holy Hell. And the ACA is going to take these morons to court and then we'll find out if the auto ring nine there in a Supreme Court have the guts to defend the first amendment or not. Well, I think we'll win. The American people got a win. But we don't forget it. We might not even have a talk show or anything else. Exactly. What if we lose? I guess we just all, you know, other than Lee Fowler and Barry Young, I guess the rest of us will all go home. I guess you have to find a different job then, huh? You bet. That's terrible. Maybe I can find a way. I saw you on the game last. I can be the Roto Ruter Man, did you? Yeah, I think you could, uh, you could get a good job doing a sports telecaster. Okay. I'm ready. I don't want to fill you with that kind of business. Okay. Well, see if we can't spend some more productive time talking to somebody who is 12 18 and WINZ. We have an open line on the board. I'm positive. It's in Broward County, 764, 0707. This has been, uh, I'm not really sure. I'm a little bit under the weather. And we had a weird final game last night. There are hurricanes 1119 to nine. And I think Ron Fraser's comment, as he went to the mound in the ninth inning, probably capped it very well when he said, listen, we got to get this over. I'm going to sleep. Was his comment, which I thought, and he didn't realize his mic was on. But Ron never have two awards been spoken, but it was a good way to go out. We won big and everybody was happy and we had a lot of shots of the cheerleaders and the backer rolls and the ballgirls and all of that good stuff. I'm telling you, those guys in the truck, man. They're just in a constant. Did there? Did there? No, that's all right. You didn't feel it, honey. Well, I was just saying we recorded some of the conversation in the truck that goes on between innings as the guys with the cameras are panning around the stadium. Okay, let's do our break. It's 12 19 at WI and Z. We'll come right back. We'll do it in Debra's. Let's go to our next call now. A North Miami Beach, Chelo. No. You know, I can't believe that Ken Block is calling us again. Okay. All of there's no question in my mind about it. There's not even the slightest bit of question. Now, I thought that we had a good heart to heart conversation with Saul on Monday and that we had put this to rest. But, you know, it's obvious there are some people in this community, even adults, supposedly mature adults with responsible positions who don't care about them. And that's amazing. I mean, that's a, come Monday morning, man. You don't think that was him? I do. I don't think that was him. I know his voice. You know the way. What? There he goes. He's still talking. Yeah, he was still talking. I should have left him on there. Hollywood. Hello. Yes. I just want to mention, I agree with you on the thing. See how you should proceed with adding your doing a good job. And I hope that you have filled the work. The something I want to mention, Thursday night on Channel 10, they had to see Kena. Ask him two questions. Yeah. Who should be responsible for a talk show? Words. He specifically said management. Yeah, that's because he's going to have to clean up his act. Yeah, that's why he's going to work for Cox Broadcasting. And of course, they changed into where every half hour. And then and vice-abast him. Yeah. I'm innocent. Said. He said, do you know of any talk show host in this area? But use foul language. Yeah. He says I couldn't mention that. I couldn't mention the station of a name. Why not? I guess he didn't have a goddamn nerve. Steve is such a moron. It's not even funny. Steve is turning into a whimper. I know the other thing. On the same program. Do you talk? Go ahead, sir. We're listening. Doesn't that supply the television, too? Yes. Allegedly. Okay. All right. How the hell did they get away with having a doctor? Holding a man's penis with a new medicine. Trying to help him with infotency. And if he couldn't do that, they had a line of penis implants. Well, they don't. Is this guy in Washington this crazy? Who's that doctor, Kilder? Some doctor from Miami Institute. Dr. Sotion. He was holding a man's penis? It did not show the testicles or his legs or anything. Projected in the medicine. Uh-huh. What shit was this on a readjustory? On the regular nude. On the regular nude. No, Steve. Did I not touch a net line, sir? No, that's what I say. On health beat? But how the hell did they get away with it? Well, I don't know. You'll have to call in and fight out. Art Carlson already was measuring the real technical kind of clinical stuff. 25 past noon at WI and Z. We have an open line in Broward. This has been a really interesting show. Yeah, 760707 and Broward. And let's go to Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. I really enjoyed that heavy breathing disco track you have there. You know what that really is? Yeah, ready. I'm waiting, sir. No, no, no, no. Is this serious? Yeah, I know who it is. It's tour de France by craft work. Really? It sounds just like the back room. The church ace would get all to win. WNWS is bathroom. Come really? For really? Huh. Yeah. Maybe they were altering their voices. They're altering something. Altering something like the guy with a last call with a doctor. Well, that was true. I think I'd see video. That movie altered states in fact is on a cable this weekend. And we're sorry. George, South Carolina, we know this could go on forever, sir. I mean, it's just limitless material that you opened up. The whole show's been this way. I know, it's just like no beginning and no end. It's like mankind this show. Really sick. Okay, thank you. Thank you, sir. That was good. That was pretty good call. I'm not so sure he intended it to be, but it turned out great. We have an open line. Yes. What do you think 1010's going to do with three companies now? Boy, that show is full of them. It's full of it. All right. That's one of the worst shows on TV. Man, that John Ritter. I'm telling you, they must have lead weights to keep him on a ground. We're going to candle next, tell us. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, there's another factor to all of this. What did it try to do? Let's go to Fort Laudernale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. First time call up at only because I listened to every week in the car. Great. You know this morning, you were talking about Professor Corey. How great he was. Yeah. Well, compared to him, he's nothing compared to that episode. That's C.C. Who double talks better than I and I know could already personally. He's a good, this episode double talked to you even more than Corey could have a deal. No question about that. All right. But you know what the problem? He said he got 16 and lettuce of Philadelphia. No, it's not. There's a rest of us sit on our butts and we don't write it when we like something. Yeah. Well, just wait till Monday, sir. We're going to start a letter writing. We're going to have phone calls, letters, postcards. We're going to be sending bottles. We're going to send Mike Miller up there with bags of cars. Anything we can do. Well, I got to be a base on a medical research and new discovery. I got news for you, though. So wait a minute. Wait a minute. Sir. Hello sir. Be slow down. I know you're getting yourself excited. But just one comment to you. Again, Mr. McKinney in referring to children was talking about 12 to 17 year olds. Now, if there are any 12 or 13 year olds out there who have yet to see a penis, good luck to them. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm not saying it's too close. Personal necessarily. Yeah, I used to do the distributor of Pono years back in the early 70s. And it was only to move leaders. Legitimate movie leaders during the depot days and all that. Yeah. And I had dear friends and I escaped that with her curl. I was as a prosecutor by the federal government with obscenity and a being arrested in their homes because they shipped the piece of film to somebody. I mean, the laws were so ludicrous compared as comparable to this. And it took unfortunately about another 10, 15 years before it finally got to where I had to control it in specific areas and so on. But I think the radio is still 10, 15 years away. This is the sad part about this thing. Okay, sir. Well, listen, good luck to us all. Believe me, you've been a pleasure to meet my call for the last year. And I love you for it. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, we got W. snooze's calling over here. Well, that's embarrassing. Okay. What is he doing? Is he taking all my calls away over here? I think Follard just put this back on hold. Would your please go sit on and relax and have a wonderful life? Holly would. Hello. I need a high-end on. Okay. Enjoy to show you that touch really toy to guy up. I mean, he could not know if he couldn't answer because he didn't know. Or because he was probably told, you know, not to be really specific about it like the whole lot. Right? Just being biguous about the whole thing. But I really enjoyed it. And I'm telling you, it's, you know, you talk about the 1984 syndrome. It's really, really coming to pass. Yeah, just three years late. You notice he kept interchanging obscenity in decency and profanity. Yep. He kept playing with those three words back and forth and in and out and up and down. And all around the mulberry bush, you know, what the hell is really the difference? You know, I mean, it's so ridiculous. So I tell you what, I mean, maybe I'm stupid, but it didn't seem to me that he defined any of it. He didn't really to my status. No, I didn't. He didn't. He was no more specific about what it is that they're upset about or what they're going to be looking for. All he kept saying is that we're warning, we're issuing you awarding. You know, all the broadcast is warning. And if children are likely to be listening and he kept repeating the times when they're most likely to be listening. And then when I'd say to a mother three in a morning, can you say that well, it all depends on the intent and how you're channeling it. I mean, you're right, even Erwin Corrie has never given so much double talk. Yeah, really well, you know, and then you look at regular television, the sitcoms and with the young kids, the teenage kids, the 12 to 17 year old. I mean, look at the subject matter on that. The only thing they omitted is the words. Everything else, there's nothing left to hear about. And they said anyway. Well, you see, I think. Again, I guess it's okay if you watch him do it, but you just can't say it. Exactly. Well, you know, I tell you what's really bugging me here's the top or all of this stuff you talk about the government's fashion is a next year up to get to claim you're telling for the Dutch. And they're going to have to have social security numbers. Okay, it's like you're going to have a number on you from the time of birth. And you know, that way the government's going to be able to keep track of it. Yeah, and I understand that William F. Buckley would like us to tattoo them on their buttocks, the social security number. That's what my wife says. She says, well, why don't you just do like the Nazis? They just tattoo, you know, from birth, you know, right there when the doctor delivers a kid, they just have to tattoo or just right there and put the number right on your roof. You know, I mean, why not, right? Okay, good luck to us sir. Really. Okay. 1232 at WINZ. We have an open line in Broward, 764-0707. I must say this, that when you're not here, or nearly, I'm not quite so paranoid about air recall, but since you're here in the studio, it's like every time we punch a call off, it's like, touch and go. No, this is the boy, some of these calls, today I can't believe this. Maybe it sounds better at home. We also want to say good morning to Alan Eisenson, a W. snooze, when I stand that Alan's suffering from terminal boredom today, does he really call here? And cranky, he's done it before I know he has. He's done it before I don't know. I'm not asking about his personal life. I'm just asking if he's cranky ghost before. Really? Kind of like that movie Massapio. Okay, let's go to Pepper Cine, hello. I just want to raise a question. If the commission is so worried about what broadcast is going to stand here rather than, go after people who are using language that is obviously entertaining due to the ratings, etc. What about all my hate being spewed by mostly Spanish language radio stations here now? I'll see. They're not interested in content. That would be the answer he would give you. They are not interested. And I asked him that question. You know, Nazis can be on the air and clansmen and hate groups and the most violent things. The most violent, rotten obnoxious disgusting subhuman types of people who are who's views are repugnant to the overwhelming majority of the public. They don't care about that. And now here about insight to riot just if you say this bag, it may have sense of little aligning. Exactly. Okay. Good luck to you sir. Thank you sir. Okay. Do you think that the whole FCC thing is going to be enforced? You think everybody's going to be running all over the place, sending your letters and stuff like that. That doesn't work. You think there's any over here. There's a lot of other eccentric village. Oh, he said to Spag part times today and he said, Dude, Spag six times and his college said, Mung. I mean, they don't even know what the hell he's words mean or how they're being used. And right away, you know, it's the war of the words again. This is so juvenile. I'm so embarrassing and so pathetic. And as I said before, and I really know, I know that almost everybody in this business, listen to the show religiously, I am going to tell you something. Anyone in this business and radio or television in any capacity, who supports the FCC decision and beyond that, who doesn't fight against it with every ounce of energy and his or her body, is a moron. Because again, it has nothing to do with what you say in your show or your performance or your newscast or anything else. It has to do with allowing more of our freedoms to be taken away. And I got news for you, baby. Once they take them away, you're never going to get them back. That's the C.C. should worry about better things because some of these illegal stations are playing all those words and everything that I played it played at the disc. Look at this. Talk about quick action. The folks in Brower have already called to put me on notice already this morning in terms of their setting letter. So I hope they have a wonderful time. I hope you folks, again, it'll keep you off the streets and probably reduce the crime rate in Brower County because it's going to keep all of the misfits busy inside typing and writing and how can away. It'll probably do just as much good is that petition drive to get me off the air in Helendale. Just like this. 22 before 1 at WI and Z were here to talk when I'm going to be out running the 440 and Ernie Soche is going to be here. He's going to be broadcasting live from televeave today on the sandlight. Let's go to North Miami. Hello. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. I just was wondering. Did you see what is spelled an objection award? Would you be in violation with the new code? Yes. Would be in violation? Oh, sure. Because they would say that you're only doing it for the purpose of being vulgar. So even whether you spell it or say it. Oh, I say. I just, I just was wondering if it took the count of, like, that could be used. Well, you know, it is. I am up the law. But you see, here's the point. The point is, and this is the point that you're making is that we're dealing with such nitpicking and semantics that they're playing now that it's hard to say. Who knows exactly what they're looking for. It just gives me the feeling that they want to be big brother and they're looking for any excuse they can to stifle free speech wherever they want. They know question that they want to get Howard Stern off the air. No question in my mind. They want them in off the air. It's probably the other radio station. And you know, if they want to get out off the air, can you imagine the two of I mean, here's a guy who's the most listened to personality in a market of 12 million people. Can you imagine the public response if they should try to take this guy off the air? Sure. Yep. They'll be marching on the FCC. They'll tower in the feather these guys. You know, in Washington. I don't think so. Well, you have to be defined of the law one way or the other seven has to stand up to. And I thought maybe that was suggestion. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you. I'll tell you one thing. Nothing is changing on this show. And I'm not I don't think that I go over the line. Although there's some of the little bags out there and the audience should do. But there's nothing to change on this show. Well, we should not look anyway. Okay. Thanks for calling. Okay. The mob. Those are the ones sending the letters. Not the mafia, but the miserable old bags. That's the acronym mob. And we've got so many of them down here in South Florida. They're the ones who get all benefit of the shape of our viewers. Give the FCC's address. Monday. We're going to do that Monday. We're going to start a barrage. The likes of which no one has ever seen. Maybe even last hit or a part this is a paid in that. Why are you looking at that phone like you'd like to impail it with some very sharp bloody object? Okay. Let's move on to Hollywood. Hello. Hi, what? Yes. Okay. You don't want to read you have to date on something technically that can be avoided with the FCC and their problems. Typically that happened a few years back in Holland. I don't even know if you're familiar with what's known as radio Veronica? No. Okay. There, FCC in Europe was also trying to control what they did was they simply put a transmitter and which the FCC actually licensed here a transmitter. They don't license the talk show host or radio announcers. So what can be done is put a transmitter out three miles out of Miami and transmit. They can't have any control over that radio station since it's not there. That's not true. They've done that. We've had pirate radio stations all over the place and it's just not legal. And as soon as they find out who's doing it, they put them right out of business. Not know. The FCC is slowing that. It's been on for, I just want this. There's one down here. I'm not going to mention anything about it. But, uh, the FCC has control. Oh, yes. Oh, right up the thrift. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. The FCC has one guy I spoke to lady over there. He works from here all the way for like all the way up to Key West. There's one guy to check out the complaints. So they're like three. Oh, yeah. I see. As soon as they can find out who's doing it. You know, but again, how quickly that happens is another story that could take years. Just slow. Well, how about that? What is that light train? Well, one point out on earth. Yeah. One point your missing is that this is a commercial enterprise. Okay. And it's not very likely that somebody is going to go to the ranks to start a pirate radio station on a ship and sell advertising. It has been done by the way. But I mean, it's just such a preposterous notion that somebody is going to go into a profit making business like this. In addition to which all of the people who hold broadcast licenses allegedly are responsible broadcasters. And they're not going to, you know, go out of their way to do something to violate the law and jeopardize their license. I don't quite understand that if the FCC can control outside of three mile limited data control all satellites and all satellite transmissions. Sure. They do phones and they're all you, you bad, naturally. Internationally? No, not internationally, but we do have international agreements. There are cooperative agreements. There are some countries like Cuba, for example, which violates, which will not, you know, cooperate with international broadcast law. But most, we are taking up their transmissions, right? I bet you're pardon? We are picking up their transmissions. Sure. And they're trying to, and they jam American signals the best they can. They're working my dude, make a deal, it's capturing over and setup a station there. Well, listen, if he has his way, he and Van a white can start their own station. What can I say? I can't believe that this is a celebrity caller on this line. Hello? Hello? Yes. I'm the Olex built-inner. Build-tanners, enter in the afternoon. Or the just barely past morning. I call them twice. Wait a minute, you called him twice when he was on how one of five doing mornings. Well, yeah. Yeah, but it's very hard to get on your shun in the morning, 96. Guys are very entertaining with first of all. I want to agree basically with Neil that anybody in this business and God knows that been in Galagher, here's through it for 30 years. Anybody who doesn't agree with what you said about people in this business being alarmed. Yeah. Putting, you bet, you're a position that you have voiced today, and although I didn't hear you show Friday, I did hear from everybody in the broadcast community. You are right, the broadcast community listens to Neil Rogers. You bet. And they, God, they do. Well, I'm really glad to hear that because I, and coming from you and I would have predicted your position because I know that you believe as I do, that the commission has absolutely no business getting involved in content or language or any of this and the idea that they're now trying to make more and more restrictions and in fringe upon a freedom we already have is absolutely unacceptable. And I keep hearing the word chilling being used. And I would agree with that. And I think maybe it's an understatement, but it is a chilling ruling because it's a, you know, it's a stroke of fascism. It chills me because I was just thinking about the things that I say and don't say for years. I said on the answer of how you have said, how are you? Yeah, over folks. Right. Yeah. Well, again, you know, and this is what I tried to get from James McKinney yesterday. I said, look, what are we talking about when you say sexual in you window or a suggestive material? I mean, those are such broad, nebulous terms that can mean almost anything. And I said, hey, listen, suppose somebody makes a joke about Dali Parton's boobs with that fall into the category and he says, well, again, it depends upon the context in which it falls. What the hell does that mean? I know exactly what you're saying. My question is how far do you think this will really go? I don't, I don't have a crystal ball, but I do know that now is the time for people to, to protest. Every responsible, ballsy person in this business has got to say no way, Jose. And I know, you know, the ACLU has already said that they're going to, you know, they're going to test it and they're going to fight it all away to the Supreme Court. And I think we need to do it now because whether a person likes Howard Stern or Neil Rogers or Bill Tanner or anybody else is not relevant. You know, as well as I do, there are lots of people out there right now who'd like to get you off the air, like to get me off the air, and certainly a lot of old prunes who'd love to get stern off the air. Absolutely, but that is not the point. The point is what it's going to do exactly what you said a few minutes ago about what happens when the next thing or what if you call or said what happened? Yeah. Next thing to be regulated is what the president says or what the FCC says or what somebody that you just don't like, period says. Yeah. There are a lot of implications to go beyond Howard Stern and what they've done here with the Howard Stern and the Pacific, at cases I think, is they're using a bazooka, if anything, to give them the very most that they can have, they're using a bazooka to kill a fly and the fly is our first amendment right. And also what they've done, and I really believe this firmly in talking to this guy yesterday and listening to the other comments it has been passed. They're looking their wounds really because they lost. I mean, they had the hearing and they didn't beat Stern and they didn't beat infinity broadcasting on that. So now what they've done is say, hey, we know that you were clever and we know you didn't say any of the seven words. So now we're going to make such a wide generalization and then we'll wait till Monday when you get back on the air and morality and media and all these other jackasses are going to monitor. Now we're going to nail you. What's also the Reagan administration's legacy they've got here's more of nothing so they're going to leave us with this. No question about it. You are a morning showing specific like some of the jokes that you make about the dog sex. Are you going to be changing that or anything like that? I'm with Neil. Of course, I'll do what the management of the radio station ownership absolutely insist on doing because they have to keep their license. The old point about this being a commercial business. That's the chilling effect right there. But do I want to do I think it's necessary? Do I think I should absolutely not. I'm like Neil, don't change your thing and protest. And if you're in this business and you don't take the stance you're a damn whip. Well, I really would like to see all of us get together. You know, I was disappointed reading followers comments this morning, but I guess that's to be predicted. But I hope that a lot of us in this market and I know that people like Jerry Williams, I had Jerry on yesterday and many others will. Join forces in doing whatever we can to stimulate a lot of letter writing and a lot of phone calls and work with the ACLU and. And beat the hell out of this thing because, you know, to think that just a small handful of people can dictate what is free speech and what is not or dictate what our contemporary broadcast community standards is ludicrous. You know, as well as I do community standards are not definable. You know, any kind of time you've got a community of more than one person, there are no community standards. Well, I'll tell you one thing, here's one person stands ready to do whatever I can to help you and you have a standing invitation to be on my show and promote the cause and tell me what to do. Excellent. I'll talk to you next week. Thank you. Thanks a lot Bill. Bill Tanner of Power 96 and hopefully I'm sure that our people here, of course, the problem at ZA 94.9 they're not talking yet, right? But I'm sure that we can put some kind of messages on there because everybody in the market really needs to get together. Everybody with balls that is and say, listen, you're not going to intimidate us and you're not going to tell us what we can say and start defining because again the seven words were bad enough. I never agreed with that. But okay, we can live without him. As childish as it was, we could live without him and I really thought that as of the other day, they were going to say, hey, listen, it's childish. The regulation has gone very far. We're just going to be, we're going to be babysitters. We're going to watch to make sure you don't overmodulate. You don't interfere with somebody else's signal. We're going to make sure you don't run a Nephony contest and we're going to make sure that the licenses are held by responsible people and other than that go do your own thing because that really is what free speech and the first amendment's all about. And instead of that, now they have all of these vague and ambiguous and nebulous conflict or restatements and is it going to be sexual material? Is it Dr. Ruth? Is it Fred Schott? You know, again, it's just an attempt on the part of prudes and prunes in this country to stamp out sex. I guess that's their SOS campaign, stamp out sex. You can do it, but you can't talk about it. And of course, the moral majoritarians, they can do it, but nobody else can even think about it. And it's just absolutely intolerable and unacceptable and Joseph Gerval is alive and well in the United States today in Washington. So I'm really excited that Bill Tanner called and I'm hoping that we'll get some other people in the business who've got some guts. You know, we're going to respond exactly the way that he did yesterday. The stations that will not say such as Mr. Snoos, they don't have anybody on there right now. We'll even go into that maybe Owl. So basically, I think. Alistair, Alistair, Alistair, Alistair, Alistair. They're not going to be worried about that because nobody in that station will do that. So Leo, just basically our management over there will use that to their advantage. Yeah, but again, see the broader point is Tanner pointed out that that isn't really relevant. What happens in a couple of years or in the next year before Reagan is out? What happens when I say, okay, and of course, keep in mind the new commissioner, the FCC is a right winger appointed by Reagan. What happens when I say, okay, no more derogatory comments about politicians. They are no longer public figures in the traditional sense that they always have been. And the no longer can you make these outrageous statements, etc. about the president, about the vice president, who knows what they could say. You know, they are doing these things arbitrarily. They're making out these rules as they go along. And as the gentleman had called before who read the first amendment, which is very brief, very simple. There is no asked to risk. There are no exceptions. It doesn't say a bridging freedom of speech except doesn't say that. And all of these stupid rulings about why you can't yell fire in a crowded theater. You know, even that even that is marginal, all right. And we do understand about the libel and slander laws and there's nobody who debates that because if you defame somebody else and you run their reputation in livelihood or life or whatever. Nobody would debate that from a legal standpoint, but in terms of just being able to speak what's on your mind. And there's another thing that really bugs me too because a lot of people, including someone this business, I'm embarrassed by some of the comments, including some of Craig Wardings this morning. I'm ashamed of him. You know, the idea that there are people who come on the year and just want to tell it like it is and just either from a sense of humor or just outrage, you sat tire, whatever it is. And just want to speak like real honest to goodness human beings, it's got nothing to do with pandering for ratings. Now, Sternia, Stern does that whole stick for a reason. It's an act that attracts an enormous audience. It's done very specifically for a reason. But I don't think that everybody who comes on the air and makes uses a particular phrase to be expressive or to be outrageous. I don't think it's done the pander for ratings. And I'm really getting tired of hearing that term every time you do something that you think is innovative or interesting or outrageous or different or new. He's pandering for ratings. Well, what the hell are we here for? Are we here to lose? Are we here to turn off the audience? They're looking. They don't like creativity to just want to. Now, what they want us to go back like Gary O' Insai Lafayne, hand over the ear and in tone for the audience. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. In fact, this jerk, this a fine who was on Larry King Show a couple of nights ago with I'm is he says, well, you know, listening to the content of some of these programs, we're discussing it certainly not edifying or informative. You know, as if everything that has to be on the air is edifying or informative is moonlighting and formative or edifying is Friday the 13th part three edifying. It's entertainment 99% of what goes on in radio and television is entertainment. Even the nightly news has become entertainment at the local level. The details there with the earrings and she's winking and blinking and the weatherman is dancing around like a clown and Lloyd Lindsay young on W. O' ours on speed or something. It's entertainment. This is he hears a group of pseudo intellectuals. Taffy ought to love this thing. I'm sure she probably agrees with them. Sudo intellectuals looking down their noses and telling us that we have to look down at the public. You know, how far down can you look? What am I getting excited about it? 74 one at Windsville come right back. It's four minutes before one at W. O' ours. I'm so positive you have no idea. Okay, let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, no. This is a long time listener. The first time caller and I have to congratulate you on the stance that you're taking in Mr. Tanner as well. I think you hit it right on the head that it's good that it's a rottie bay legacy. You know, leaving us and if anybody is doing any pandering, it's live his administration's pandering to the right wing fanatics. Absolutely. You know, all right. And we'll just read all of the time. I should have changed your theme that they came down with and that these old cronies over there are nothing more than political hacks and a point. By the Reagan administration and there are the ones that are trying to tell us what we can listen to what we can see on television. Instead of allowing us to make up our own minds what's the folk or what's obscene. The supreme court can't decide what's obscene. The communities themselves can't decide what's obscene. And all of a sudden these guys are going to tell us what's what's wrong and what we can or what we cannot hear. And I'll phrase the only way that anything is going to change on this without any kind of a public share, which people don't raise up on this and they deserve what they get. Okay, but I want to remind you something when it meets and all those letters out from the Department of Justice threatening all the Southland Corporation's 711 stories about playboy in penthouse. There was no odd cry from the public and the only people who really got excited about it were all the fundamentals to win a feeding frenzy and low and behold Southland cave Dan and they took them off the stands. And this is just another example of the same kind of thing intimidate intimidate intimidate. Clean up your act and of course, we're most of these people are doing behind the scenes like Jim Baker and Jessica Han. You know, that's okay. Well, I think the Southland is in a bit of a different position than people like you because you have the public's here. And it's enough of the broadcasts and I think it's absolutely uncomfortable that people like Lee Fowler can go along. If anybody goes along with this kind of a ruling, they got to be out of their mind. Well Dan, this is a broadcast especially in his case because his station is an all-talking. Anyway, shape or form with a ruling like that. Yeah, okay, sir. But you know, that's really a major point. That's an all-talk station with the exception of their morning program and for that station's program director to be parenting and kissing the butt of the commission on this is really one of the most gutless. Act anyone could imagine. Arlene Ross is standing behind out. She's got the exciting local entering news headlines. I can tell she's excited about it right now. Or a news from CBS at one. Welcome back at 106 and then Ernie Sochin is going to be doing his show for make a butts from 2 to 7. Russian through Rush Hour then Count on us to rush up everything you need to know. 94 news wins WIMS WIMS WIMS I am before Notre Dame. Thank you for your success. You're Rogers on 94 news wins. If you'd like to call Neil, down 764-0707 in Broward or 64-191 in Dave. And now, here again is Neil Rogers. Okay, it's 106-191. Do you just had a nice talk with Sandy Peyton during the news break? Sandy is okay. She got out of the trunk and now understand she'll be back on here on Monday. Okay, let's go back to the calls. We have one open hour to go. We've had a pulplary real bizarre stuff here today. I guess it's the best way to put it. Tamarack. Hello. Yes sir. Anyone? Okay. You say what? You say what sir. I was watching Oprah yesterday. Well, obviously effective you. First time in my life I got out of school and I sat down and because they were talking about the, we're going to have some outrageous radio personalities on Oprah. One for sure. So I'm thinking, oh wow, I get to see how it's turned. I get to see somebody really outrageous. I suspect that it would probably you weren't on it because a par from your feelings for Oprah. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I could you mention anything. But no, I heard they had fun. They couldn't find anybody at Stradig in this market so they put funny fox on here. But I'm going to believe it. Yeah. You had funny, yeah, you know, and I guess there's a people watching this show. I think in these are the most outrageous people on the radio. Yes, as a matter of fact, I heard just a rumor. I didn't see the show. I heard Sunny started eating a banana in the middle of the show and the FCC demanded they get them off camera. Well, I mean, this, it was on first of all they bleed down suck. Can you believe it on the show? They bleed it out. With an ass? Yeah. Okay. I thought that, that's what I thought you said. Yes. Yeah. And then Oprah was having a nervous breakdown anytime one of the guys who started talking about one of their outrageous things. And these are, you know, they asked one of the guys, what was the most outrageous thing you ever did? And he says, oh, I put in a police report that my air, air guitar was stolen. I mean, that is the most, you know, that was stupid. That was an outrageous. That's pretty heavy stuff, I was saying. I got arrested. That was stupid. Well, Sunny couldn't get arrested. That's his problem. And, you know, and what do we get? As a representative of my M, you guys are looking for his own drugs. You know, and sounds like he's underrun. And he looks like it too. And acts like he's underrun. Can you do his imitation? I was again, you know, more and more close. But there's the thing about this, scared me the most. During the era of the Miller versus California case, which is, which is, which is, by the way, a pornography case. Yes. Feeling with the airways or anything. Justice Potter Stewart, who was one of the three judges who retired recently from the Supreme Court, over the last 20 years, he said, they asked them, you know, how do you, how can you tell of sanity? Yeah, he says, I don't, I can't define it, but I know it when I see it. And that's the danger's part about this. Yeah, it's ridiculous. And when I see it, and the SEC knows it when they see it, or they know it when they don't like it. Yeah, and they know, they know profanity and indecency when they hear it. They can't define it because we found out in that incipit interview yesterday that they can't define anything. But they know it when they hear it. So they're not going to tell us what it is, but when they hear it, they'll let us know when they'll come after us. So that, that, that, that Mr. McKinley, that you were talking to, he must have been an attorney because, William McKinley, former president sir. President, well, he might, hopefully he wanted to be for all the same faith as he will, William McKinley or, of the past, but, uh, sounded like he already had. Yeah, uh, the thing is, you know, I, I, I go to University of Miami, law school, and that kind of reasoning that he was using, uh, was, was just, you know, it was just patting legal reasoning. It was patently offensive, right, right, as he would say. That guy would have gotten an A in any, in any base of maneuvers in, you know, in trying trial tactics. Yeah, I think there's probably something Freudian or at least significant otherwise, in effect that both he and, uh, professor Corey were on, you know, the same day. Well, what, but, tell me, what can you say about, uh, a follower? The guy agrees with this thing. I can't agree with it. That's, I couldn't believe that either. Well, again, because he's a professional butkisser, and he just, uh, and it's interesting to me because there was a collar who questioned about it the other day when I got off the air. And, uh, he was dancing all over the place, and on the one hand, uh, he was saying that there are people to go over the line, but on the other hand, he was defending his, uh, childish sex pulls that he's been taking, and have you done it on the ceiling, and did you do it in the car, and in the backyard, did you do it on the floor on the wall? You know, so I guess that's okay, and that's in good taste, but if somebody, uh, uses a little bit of language in order to be comedic, or in order to make a satirical comment, then that's, uh, that's naughty, and we ought to, you know, we ought to applaud the F.D. Say, the guy's a hypocrite and a jerk, and he ought to be arrested for imitating a broadcaster. What's the problem in here? And this, this, this is, this, this, this, this, these are holes of anxiety, especially, uh, during the Reagan administration. That, it just don't want to truth, because that's your problem, you know, you, you get down, and you, say the things, the way they are, and you say the truth, and I know a lot of people tell you that you do that, and, and then that's true. I feel it's true, and that's the problem with this. The, basically, this all gets down to, let's not let the people know what's actually going on. We're not going to let the people know that most of these kids that they're trying to protect are using words twice as bad as the ones they want to ban, and, and probably, are chaining them together. In addition, we'd let this not even, you know, I said that to the other day, but let's go beyond that. Words don't hurt anybody. Words are just, they're just what they are. They're words, and they're only as meaningful as we make them. And if we give them this added significance, and we, we cloak them in all of this gigantic shroud of mystery and vulgarity and all of this other, that's when it becomes something beyond what they are. Words are just meant means of expression. Nothing more, nothing less. All right, well, I think, I think that, that there's a little exception to that words on her, anybody. The words that the Reagan administration and all their cronies are using, the words to get out of of responsibility and the lies and, and, and, Yeah, but again, that's the intent behind them. It's not the words themselves. It's the intent behind the ruling. And, and they're, they're just getting out of all these, you know, problems, and they can use words, but, well, just, you know, I just think that this whole thing is, it's like you say, it's going to happen. The ACLU is going to get down on them. They're going to have a test case, which the ACLU is the next part of doing is, is setting up a situation and getting somebody to sue and setting up a test case. Yeah. And, and, they're going to take it up there and, and the problem is this, you got a conner, you got rank list, as chief justice, you got Scolia, and you got justice, uh, Stevens, who, who, all three of these, all four of these guys, you know, all you need is one more swing boat. Yeah. But, you know, and then that's the bad, the SEC is one thing setting up an administrative rule, but one of these Supreme Court comes down and lays down a ruling that they've been hitching the lay down since Miller versus California. This is going to, it's going to really, it's going to really affect the market. Well, let's just cross our fingers. Yeah. Okay. And get our passports ready to by the left. Once they're team at WI and Z, we have an open line in Broward. 764, OE7, OE7. We start saying that in this hour because Ernie show is less than an hour away. Plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing good? Uh, I had a couple remarks I written down here. I just wanted to tell it to you in Frickkick. The, uh, the problem, this is so widespread that the, uh, numbers also have a problem. Like, take for it. For instance, the number 69, which he mentioned several times yesterday. Yeah. That's also could be sexually, whatever. Right? No. Well, not in his mind because he's one of those clean, pure, technical individuals. He probably doesn't even know what that means. But in somebody's mind is listening to it. They could think that and be offended. So, absolutely. It could be certainly suggested. If they're offended, then that means that they know what the words, as that's, this is silly. I mean, you know the words, and I know the words. Yeah. Again, you know, I could find painfully offended by what he said on the radio yesterday. Right? You bet. Right? So also, that would give the weatherman a big problem because they couldn't say the temperature is 69. They'd have to say it's between 68 and 70. Yeah. Somewhere between 68 and 70. And we have another problem because we also have the number eight. Which could also be sexually thought of. And he'd have to say, once between 70 degrees and 90 degrees, which would get rid of sky, Ocho also. Yeah. Yeah. There's so many different things. Uh, in fact, I'm thinking of getting a little bleep tone and putting it on a card. Well, I think another name to rename the FCC. Is it something we can say on the yesterday? Absolutely, but it might be patently offensive to somebody as they could think of it as a sexual undertale. Yeah. You could call out the Richard Craneum communications company. Oh, that's okay. Yeah. That's okay. You could say Richard Craneum, but they don't like you to say the other word. Right. So I just figured I'd bring those up and let you roam around in the maybe star per room with it. They're going to change in there. Okay. I'll get off the air. Good luck to you. And of course we certainly, I mentioned this before. I could not refer to a president Nixon as tricky dick anymore because that obviously could be patently offensive and be considered as a sexual in you window. Or as suggestive material suggestive of what? Why don't they just come out and say, look, can't talk about sex anymore. Dr. Ruth has got a lot of money. Good bye. Go spend it. Have a wonderful life. For a shot. Hey, listen. It's been nice. But goodbye. All you people. We just don't discuss sex on the air anymore because children might be listening. And this is the same government where the Neanderthal right wing surgeon general who's like a guy. They a lot of a cage. See, Edward Coup, even he has said that we have to start dealing honestly with kids about sex and AIDS and all of these things at a very early age. Even on the end of a creed and like him has said that, and the same administration says, in essence, don't talk about sex because kids might hear about it. In the countries where they do, they don't do not, for example, in the Middle East, they would run the uncut versions of films. And here I wanted, okay, we got some celebrity callers standing by Ron Harrison. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good evening. How are you doing? Good. How are you? Into the conversation. And of course, I called you yesterday up to get out the air. I didn't want to call and think of on you on the air. But that was a great piece of radio yesterday. Thank you. And you stood very tall. And it's time for the sportscasters and the other people in the media, not just the talk show host to get behind this and do something. This is the most frightening, chilling thing that I can recall in all my years in broadcasting. And you know, there's a guy named Jerry Thomas Evans Cincinnati who gives the punchlines to dirty jokes at the end of every hour. And he says, if you missed some of the jokes this last hour and he hits punchlines, which are absolutely, you know, Ataseptic, they don't say anything. If you know the joke, it's a very dirty joke and it's very funny. And with those also be banned, you know, you take a look at that thing. What they're doing is they're probing and they're trying to exercise mind control. And it's beyond belief. And I heard Tanner say a little bit earlier. I was just going to go and I heard the idiot, the McKinney from the FCC on who just sparked the, the under the line that they, yeah, or start putting down. He said, well, I don't think we're just going to go out and start. But the point is this, we've had a breakdown in the search and seizure laws. They are now allowed to do roadblocks. All of this has come about under the Reagan administration. And while they haven't pushed it to the limit, they can. And that's the scary thing. It's unbelievable. It's absolutely frightening. And by the way, there's a message, Kyle just put on the screen. Daffy's callers yesterday said that they thought it was wonderful hearing me be put in my place by Mr McKinney of the FCC. That's a good idea of where that crowd is coming from. You know, again, these pseudo intellectual snobs. And of course, we know that they would never use any of these words in there day in and day out of affairs. They ought to hear some of the jokes that he's told me off the year would make them grow new hair on their head. But again, you know, be a hypocrite, I guess is what it's all about. When you're off the year, speak one way in the real world operates one way and when we're on the year, we're supposed to be in fantasy land, I guess. Well, what happens is, as I told you, you really what you should have done and set the interview up a little bit and said, hey, here it is again and played it back. And you ought to do that sometime and let the people hear how they see the man was he had no answers. Yeah, and the vagueness is what's scary because they can interpret anything and what they're saying is, well, the government's going to read your mind. And if we can read your mind, you're in real trouble. And it's a America ought to get up. I heard another guy say, well, if we don't do anything about this, then we deserve it. We know that's a damn poor attitude. If we don't do anything about it, then we deserve it. And we're going to do something about it. I'm on board with you, Phil. Okay. We're going to do something about it. You watch. Right, we are. And this is something that has to be done. This is a really an infringement on free speech. Okay. And as you say, you can't get a little bit pregnant. You can't infringe a little bit on free speech. You either infringing or you're not. Okay, Ron. Thanks a lot. See you Monday. So another celebrity college, you Michael McKay is standing by Mike. How you doing? Pretty good, Neil. You're right on with this whole subject. Absolutely. I heard Tanner's call before and I won't try to one upman. But rather one also, every broadcaster in this town should be on the phone with you today. And every broadcaster should be lining up behind you. We've all got our asterisk. Can they say asterisk? Sure. Until we get the letter. Yeah, right until Monday. Then you can only say tourist. The Reagan regime really is coming in at us hard right now. And it's time for all the broadcasters to really get behind you. Something has to be done. And that means everybody needs to rally. It can't just be like the 711 that you pointed up before. Yeah, everybody rolled over and played dead on that. And you know again, life isn't going to end because you know, you can go to Eckridge and buy playboy or penthouse or whatever. And the bottom line is that every time people do roll over and play dead and allow one more nail to be in a coffin, it's just it just has to pattern that sooner or later is going to become irreversible. Absolutely. I'd like to have the access to the hot 105 morning show as well for whatever gets going and please feel free to call in me to help out. I hope every broadcaster including the Rick Shaws and the Leaf followers and everybody gets behind you too. Even when they start to realize that it's their asterisk as well. Excellent. We're going to do it this week. Come Monday. We'll see you in touch with everybody. We'll hopefully the majority of the people get on the bandwagon. All right. By the way, one question is, Nautafi is a sticky gooey substance that gets dragged between the fingers right. Exactly. At what jittimate to use or will she have to change her name on day? Well, her show has been rated up seen on this show on this station for a long time, but we'll see what happens Monday. All right. See you later. I'm going to have to send her to Turkey to Wispenbull. But he McCall. Turkish traffic. 20 bond past one of WI and Z. That's great to hear from some people in the business as Jerry Williams would say and hopefully you know, what's going to happen with the people over at Pahalmer station? I mean, are they all going to have to roll over and play dead too? Because your pop up right now? Because Pahalese is, hey, it's a great ruling in Jefferson. Pilots says this. I mean, if we got a lot of cowards out there, we're sure going to fight out about it in the next few days. Who knows what evil lurks and Tessela's of embassies? Find out Saturday at two when we discuss Thai tech with author Graham. author Graham Yos this is Ernie Sotochen see his Saturday at 2. It's the great spy in the sky with Ernie Sotochen this afternoon the Jewish spies of course it's 25 minutes past one at W.I. and Z. Ed Ernie he's incredible he comes in here with tons of halvah and I've never seen anything like it in my life okay where we go next to Miami hello hi hi this is gonna be great program and so glad all the professionals have been calling in when I first heard about this ruling it didn't really think in and I thought so what if it's still and can't say genitals over the radio or something like that you know that's just you know really threat to anyone well not only that but the more he starts thinking about it they might decide you know that it's a downer for kids to hear about nuclear accidents they might feel that it you know like a fascination uh pamper it's that the CIA has printed up but those are very down depressing things and that children might not need to hear about that I mean this thing could go on and on and what is odd about it it's totally against Reagan's hands off business policy no regulation starts business let's see what it's always been with the far right in other words let big business do anything they want and don't interfere but when it comes to individuals and their private lives and personal choices that's when big brother starts stepping in into the bedroom into the radio into the TV set anywhere they can get in and when have you ever heard that 69 letters could have made an impact to cause an investigation yeah has not incredible in the fourth largest market in the country in Philadelphia which has about five or six million people 69 letters and again I'm going to check it out but the rumor is that 63 of them were unsigned are enough to cause them to have a hearing to take action against the broadcast they've got this meal with all this ptl or pat robberton with their very sophisticated computer right now and if they take hold of this thing which just sounds like it's a really extra chromosome republican type thing you know they could get their members to start mailing out thousands of letters oh you bet that's a very good point and I can just see fall while especially now that he's got two empires going at the same time so I I want every listener to think about it cause I'm not going to do any good and I despise writing letters but I will write a letter on this I may write two letters once for me once for my husband maybe another one for my son because I think this happens to be a very very important thing well what I want I'm going to do monday I'm going to work in draw petition forms and what I would like to see is broadcasters all over the country these are going to be you know on radio station letter head they're just going to be petitioned forms signed by american citizens all over this country and they are we are going to petition the FCC to reverse that ruling and to stop infringing upon freedom of speech and stop interfering in content you know again it's freedom of choice if people want a sensor it's an individual basis if you don't want to watch something turn it off if you don't want to listen to something turn it off if you don't want to read something turn it off if you don't want your children to see or hear it take it away from them or turn it off censorship must be individual it can't be done by the product we don't buy it exactly and if people really want to get smart besides writing to the FCC and going along with your petitions anyone that's sponsored any of their favorite radio or television programs they ought to write them they're out here if it's key or whatever because letters count to these people say we we like this program keeps sponsoring it yeah and of course it's 60 i letters because them they have this hearing and we're able to send them hundreds of thousands or even millions of signatures from all over america and they have to and they ignore it then how are they going to justify it and they all got your credit their mailing list yeah okay actually nice talking thanks a lot how many people on the FCC commission i think five isn't it five five million dollars was a unanimous vote what somebody must have some influence over there are on i mean it could be their life maybe their uh yeah what's fine the other five of them so it's basically this five this thing does five people's opinions and that's what probably i think this is just my opinion i think it's going to this this whole thing is going to be abused and you're going to have everybody who doesn't like so and so we're going to write in about him oh no question about it then they're going to I think if i'm going to let go of it without you doing the petition but that would be a good idea well but this is what i told this guy yesterday uh uh Mac McKinnon i said don't look now you're opening up this pandora's box you had 20 thousand letters from a country of 250 million people as to you which is really nothing now you're going to have perhaps millions of letters and here as you already know the staff is minimal to none exist and the Reagan you know budget has eliminated most of the staff from the FCC so they really don't have to wear with all of the manpower to deal with most of these complaints how and hell are they going to continue monitoring the signals and do the things they ought to be doing at a technical standpoint and v be able to get into the legalese of handling every single complaint can you imagine the number of logger tapes i mean they're going to have tapeworm at the FCC by the time they get through with the tapes they're going to be tapes of every damn show that's ever been invented some that haven't even gotten on the area by the time they get through with us and how are they going to find and you know what this reminds me of it's like the judges who watched the pornography tapes yeah oh do they have a good time and they just they come at bundle collect themselves in the under and when they come out it's unbelievable after they come out of about five days in seclusion it's uh from this ready to pass out all those old parts up there and I getting their last gas oh what could that it's gone hold well it's just unbelievable it's going to be the same thing we're going to have a bunch of old sea-nile parts in Washington listening to tapes of Howard Stern saying dickhead and uh neorodges saying douchebag whatever else it is they're listening to and they're going to be sitting in it's just going to be like confession in a Catholic church man tapes are going to be playing on one side and they're going to be on the other side Kendall hello hello yes sir the morning I like these is just one idea they might drive me um as you use power brought out instead of kind of a large neck for both out of people who are calling for all of the nation not as brought out of the people who just are all they're listening and watching colors and having a pain and a rack of the I mean I'm the person who's the opinions of what they think could be done about touching what should what should be done here for the people to talk for while because I don't know I don't think you've seen what is the so-so we're gonna get them to really send to everything and we'll see if it needs to be sent to you or not I'm sure that the intention was good but I uh no company Kendall hello this may that's you Neil let's thank you for three years and this is the first time I've called I'm a sports nut and when I'm really desperate and there's nothing on you know when he gets the end is running reruns of the national figure skating championships I will put on TBS and watch the Atlanta Braves baseball games right and those announcers I guess they should be endorsed by the insomnia acts of America can really put you to sleep and I think that you would apply for the job of baseball announcer so the TBS network except I have a warning for you because I've heard you on the hurricane games before and more often then not I've heard you refer to nine strikes as balls oh you can't say that anymore especially if the count is too an oh oh boy are you in trouble then about pop up the high-rise this we're peeling to the curing instincts it's you period baseball yeah well I'm glad you know as much as I enjoyed doing a hurricanes game in a way I'm relieved I you last night was the last telecast because I can't say the catchers name anymore after I get to letter oh that's right there done the something I guess we'll have to change his name to decency or something and you have to take the while also something like that yeah also I think on one occasion I heard you refer to a double as a two bagger and I almost I know what you would try to say and I heard you say one other thing and I don't understand the end you went or not well that's a sophisticated but you were talking about a split finger pitch and to me it just smack the vets and I mean I wasn't sure exactly what that is but maybe you can explain that to me oh no a two graphics share would probably be blatantly offensive to many of our century village listeners if I think that Mike Scott is going to have to eliminate that pitch from his repertoire after Monday yeah I think exactly I was going to be able to say it at least it's open to too much kind of touch you know one of the advertising agencies in town ran a commercial or put together a commercial in which they say bull spit and we played it once I think and our people pulled it off the year which you know I can debate one way or the other I don't really care but several of the stations in the market have played it and continue to play it now again even though it isn't one of the words per se certainly the in you window is there it's close enough yeah so you know again it gets down to commercials it gets down to comedy it gets in the sports it gets into every single aspect of anything that can be on radio or tv well anyway I just I just wanted to alert you to that because if you if you'll be doing the hurricane games again next year and I hope you will be you be a lot of those games that you will come up with a new set of of words to describe what's going okay maybe we'll just give hands signals very good okay thanks a lot if their mind isn't in the gut if they won't pick up on those things now you want to call it gut or whatever you want to call it but it's based at the what they're thinking of and they're just picking up on it well you see again another part of the problem is that they don't understand the contemporary usage of a lot of these words for example when I was on at night two three years ago I started calling a couple of the colors subhuman douchebags and I didn't use the expression a lot but there were some people were just so obnoxious and I thought it's fit perfectly and I understand the way the word is used and contemporary usage especially in New York and it has nothing to do with women and it has nothing to do with the instrument itself it's just the way of saying somebody's a nerd a jerk and now in the daytime that we have such a so much broader of an audience I guess that was the wrong word broad surely get all of a set up much wider audience wider also it gets surely upset a much more numerous audience the fact is that there are people listening who never heard it before and all of a sudden what was something that was perfectly acceptable and we got no response to before now we got a whole bunch of little old ladies getting hysterical because we used that word on the year and that's exactly what happens even with Howard Stern when he calls somebody a real dick for example in New York that just means a jerk it has nothing to do with any part of the anatomy it just means a jerk like James McKinney for example that's what I should have told him yesterday she said you know you're a real although I did say dick at a couple of times and he never batted an eyelash you really didn't know although I did hear a little tinkling on his leg there I'm not sure what it was 24 before or two at WINZ we're going to take a little break here and when we come back well continue