Talk about it, just a lot of cooler, and that's what we all, it's a drive for every day, you know, I know Tanner can relate to this, you go, try to get people to talk about your radio station after Tenercrack in the morning. Hey, Rosita, I have to go shopping downtown for my morning. You need some tortillas and chili peppers. What happened to that taste, you hear that? It's unbelievable. It's self-destructing at the beginning of the show that could be a real almond folks, that could be a real almond. It does sound a lot better that way. It's a little bit of flavor to it, like a little salsa to the sound of that tape. Anyway, it's a 10-0-7 or 8 or whatever it is here at WI&Z on the aronters and every day. We go through this incredible exercise, this great trauma from Tenercrack to an instant-major comes along and kind of cleans up the mess from 2 to 6 or makes his own mess. I guess is the way you put it. And while ratings are going to be sometime in this next hour, right? Boy, that's exciting. Everybody in the building is kind of sitting on eggs. In fact, there are a couple of people in the building laying some eggs right now, even as we speak. And our new slogan here at WI&Z this week is mess with success. You remember dress for success, well we have a new one, it's called mess with success. But we won't get into that until a book comes out. Okay, now speaking of books, I have the New York Times magazine in my hand and now that it's Tuesday, we had Fred Chant here yesterday, and I think we had a pretty good show, especially since we didn't take any calls. And I think Fred gave out a lot of good information. Unfortunately, I'm not all that convinced that most people are going to pay any attention, but even if a few of them do, and they can benefit from it, then it's worthwhile. But on this show, unlike all the other shows in town, we have really had a chance to talk about this outrageous. I heard a woman calling up Stan yesterday. I'd like to beat her with a stick. She was going on about how everybody got a right or letter to the New York Times and right letters to their advertisers and I really let him have it. Let him have it for what? For telling the truth and kind of a milked over a way? I mean, this article is so much to do about nothing, and the only reason I'm bringing it up is because I want to make that point again. Can Miami save itself a city be set by drugs and violence by Robert Cheryl? And if you read the article as I did on Sunday morning, you find out that it's, it's number one, 99% accurate, and number two, it's no big deal. It's no big deal, it basically is true. It's a pretty accurate reflection of the way this town has been turned into a cesspool. And if there's anybody in this audience, whether they're one of the, you know, Chamber of Commerce types, the Beacon Council, or the non-group, or any of these other self-appointed mavens, who wants to refute it, man, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves. And instead of constantly refuting it, why don't these people come up with some answers? And about them, line of courses that none of them have any answers. They have nothing positive to contribute to this community. Now, when it comes to chasing away the kids in for a lot of day-long spring break, politicians in forlaterdale and a Broward County did a magnificent job on that. When it comes to dividing the community, and constantly doing the ethnic thing and getting all the ethnic tensions built up over and over again, people like George Valdez and others have a tremendous ability to do that. And to keep the fires burning. And when it comes to a total inability to prosecute major drug dealers, and certainly the date-state attorney, who remains by the way incredibly popular. Everybody loves Jan or Reno. She never got anybody convicted. You know, unless maybe they were a pig pocket, but everybody loves Jan or Reno. And then, of course, we have that cowboy of a police chief in the city of Miami, Clarence Dixon. And in the city that's overrun with cocaine cowboys, I guess it's appropriate that we have a cowboy. As the chief of police in the city of Miami, on the end or thaw, who, by the way, is very thin-skinned. He's not only dark-skinned, he is thin-skinned. Because, and I'm sure that today, somewhere in this building, there will be a phone call from his office, we want a tape of what did he say about chief Dixon. Nothing that I haven't said before that he is a cowboy, and that he's a knee-and-earth-thaw, and a total disaster, the city of Miami, and date-county in general, a soul overrun by drugs is to be just unbelievable. I mean, it's everywhere. These barbarians, these animals, these subhumans, are out there pedaling, not just crack, but air-ve-kind. It's like a supermarket, everywhere. And we're supposed to be upset. I mean, even a moron, like Charlie Whitehead, could see through this in a herald. On Saturday. And Mike Spendell was kind enough, and his own juvenile way. Mike was kind enough to leave me the Whitehead column, because I don't get the herald. I know that's hard for some of you to believe I don't get the herald. I get the New York Times and the Sun Sentinel. Why I get the Sun Sentinel? I have no idea, because it's not a real newspaper. A lot of ads in it. If you like to read the ads, man, the Sun Sentinel is for you. It's kind of interesting. The Sun Sentinel continuing to panoride a Palm Beach County. It's really like a Palm Beach newspaper, and like maybe if you live in the northernmost two or three miles of Broward, you might find something that relates to you in your life. But, for example, all of this business about the New York Times, if there is anything or has been anything about this whole business in the Sun Sentinel, then it's been very well buried. And I just don't go through it all that much, because there's nothing to read in it, except ads. Here comes our first message of the morning that have a new building beside I-95 in Del Rey, who the Sun Sentinel? Oh sure, pretty soon there'll be a Jacksonville. I mean, the Sun Sentinel is doing very well, but they could do so much better if they would put something in the paper that related to most of us who live in Broward County, and to those, you know, two million people live in Dave County, but they just don't want to do that. For some morbid reason, they continue to want to be a primarily Palm Beach County northern Broward, newspaper in that order. And of course, this article brings up all the business again about bilingualism, and I hear all these discussions on a radio shows again, the same stuff we've heard over and over again, and you folks can continue beating that into the ground from not to the end of time, and I'm telling you it's not going to change, because you have this segment of people here who are rude and arrogant at obnoxious and who think that they've taken the thing over, and, you know, in some cases, there are those of us who believe that they have certain parts of the area. And they don't give it to them about, you know, they're not going to hire people who aren't their own people, and they don't want to talk to people who don't want to speak their language, and that's it, period. It's not debatable, it is rude at obnoxious and disgusting, and you cannot legislate civility. You can't pass a law that says the people have to be civil to each other. It could pass all the laws in the world that one doctor out there who's made himself a real chronic regular caller, the one who always happens to mention that he would love to send whichever host he's talking to, his English only petitions or whatever they call it, new campaign. What a pain in the ass he is, isn't he? Unbelievable. Is there anybody who learned anything? I don't know why I'm asking that question because obviously the Joe sold 350 copies, which is all they had, all of the copies sold out, and they're probably a relative handful of people in South Florida who's subscribed to the times like I do. So, you know, when you come right down to what how many people potentially he even read this thing, it's interesting to me that everybody at his brother, it's like noses, everybody's got one, and that's how opinions are. Everybody's got an opinion on this, but most everybody has it read it. Just like Sergio Pereira, who had an immediate opinion on it before he even read it. And all the shows, even on this one, we were referring to it because it became a big cause to the lab, and isn't it amazing how former mayor for Ray is making all of these very frank comments in his article, which he never would have made while he was still the mayor? I'm not going to even bother to take the time to quote from them, but there certainly things that he never would have said when he was the mayor. When he was mayor, he was busy saying brilliant things like, well, the economy around the rest of the country is really in desperate strates, but in Miami, we don't worry about that because we've got all of the money in our banks, ha ha, like big joke. You know, people are dying from drugs on the streets, and people are blowing each other away, and people are fleeing like crazy from all of this, but ha ha ha, all our banks are full of drug money. See, it's people like Maurice Pereira's, the endothal's morons like that, who have helped us to get to the point that we're at today, and now when something like this comes out, these same morons all raise their arms and dismay, and the beacon council, and the Chamber of Commerce, and all these other leaders, self-appointed leaders. We're going to do something about this man. We're going to write a letter to the editor, dammit, of the damn New York Times. How do you like that? Put that in your pipe, put that in your bung and smoke it. Put that in your beer can and smoke it. And then, of course, the pictures in here, and everybody makes a big deal. See, they're Harold manipulates the public, even even to this day. They still manipulate a good segment of the public. And the Harold, as Mike pointed out, very accurately, the other day, the Harold has errors and pictures all the time. There's hardly a day that goes by that you won't find a little retraction or correction somewhere in the newspaper about the wrong name on a picture, or something that was a mistake. And I grant you, this is a big picture, but nonetheless, who cares about that? Is that why people really bought the magazine to see that there was a picture in here that was only staged, and it wasn't for real? What difference does it make? I mean, it's still part of the reality of what this town is all about. And this town is going to hell in a hand basket, and you drive around different sections of town. And basically, all we have left now are like the candles, not so great either anymore. Trust me. Kendall is a crime-ridden, Spanish-speaking town, basically, which is why I moved out of there years ago. I can't believe it. If you could see what I'm looking at right now, we have the Zeta Sync. I cannot believe that with a little hole in the bottom. Well, I tell you, you better get that thing ready. I'm talking about the hole in the bottom. You better get that thing ready. I think that Portable Echobee is a ported John. And it's got its own little sync to kind of wash all the evil away. Zeta, 94.9 on the Sync, isn't that great? Where's that going to go? Okay, I'm going to restrain myself because I got some ideas where it could go, but that's another story for another day. Excuse me for the distraction, but I was so overwhelmed by that. That is cute. I'll see here on the AM. We don't have that. We don't have syncs with our insignia. We don't have any of the good stuff on the AM. We've got all the numbers, and we got most of the revenue, but we didn't listen. We're like the Pions. We're like the lost children. We're still waiting for Moses to come and lead us out of the desert out of the bowels of the building. But anyway, I'm sure that there are lots of people in this audience. I'm just positive of it. There are lots of people who've got all kinds of things to say about the New York Times article and all the reaction to it. Even though most of you haven't read it, that's okay. Don't let that stand in your way. Okay? Never. It's just like Admiral Pointexter. Don't ever let the truth stand in your way. I mean, if your memory gets bad, hey, we understand. That seems to be very popular in Washington last the what? 15, 20 years. People have bad memories as we get older. Our memories start to fade. We can't remember what we shredded yesterday. Much less today. And certainly much less six months a year ago. Do you think we're going to get response on the New York Times article? You're withholding judgment. Okay. Hey, listen, you're going to be surprised because everybody wants to say all those same things all over again that they've been saying for the last to six, seven years now. We are today. Come to America. They are speaking English. And when they come to my country, they should you know, and I don't disagree with that. You know, I don't disagree with it. And I said the other day and it's amazing that nobody commented on it. I guess maybe it was a blessing that nobody commented on it. But all of this crap about how if the Cubans hadn't come here in the early 60s, Miami would be nothing. That's a lot of garbage. Miami would have evolved like most other like a lot of other American cities. Miami might be like Houston or like Atlanta or a lot of other southern American cities, or maybe even like San Diego with a better climate. But Sergio Pereira, you're right, better stop discriminating against Cubans. He better hire a lot more Hispanics in Dave County. You just see that in the Heraldie other day. We're not hiring enough Hispanics. Big headline on the local section. Now in, of course, who are they kidding over there? I mean, they're so desperate. They're running around. They're just going through the phone book, fighting Hispanic surnames and calling those people up. Begging them to subscribe even if it's only for a week just to goose up the circulation numbers. Okay, let's give our numbers out and see if we can't just kill a little bit of time here today. How do you like that? That more on George Valdez is going to bring that crap up again today at the Metro Commission meeting. Look at the response on the phone here today. Has this good? I told you, I felt it. The minute I sat down here. Now in about 30 seconds what I'm really going to do is pick up the magazine and rip up the New York Times magazine. I can't throw it in the waste basket and assume that there is nobody in the audience was anything to say about it. Which is fine with me. I'll just go home. I'm ready to go home. No problem. Because if I sit here long enough, I might say what I originally intended to come in here and say this morning anyway. Which you would have really enjoyed. Mess with success. I'm going to give the numbers one more time and if we don't really see anything going on here today, I'm just going to take the day off. I can be out there. Doesn't flaglar have a matinee on Tuesday. Surely do. I can be out at Flagler by 1230. No problem at all. I can stop having a good breakfast beforehand. Go to Flagler. Plunge my brains out. I see Kyle screaming into the phone just shouting and yelling and carrying on like a bandsheet. But that's this market man. That's what this town is all about. That's another thing that he doesn't. First of all, the article really doesn't say anything about the market as a whole. That's with a W. It's nothing about it as a whole. It's like I mentioned this the other day. It's like Miami is the whole area and like all arrest of us are non-existent. And of course sometimes you feel that way. But it doesn't give you anything of the flavor of how anti-social it is here. The people aren't friendly. They're not outgoing. They don't want to talk to each other. They don't want to talk to you when you're on the air. And after 11.5 years, it gets old to come in every day. I ought to be able to come in here and sit down and say hi. How you doing? And every line on the board should light up. Not because it's me. But just because that's the way it should be. That's the way it isn't a lot of places. But the people here are just hard to get to man. They're just hard to reach. Like I've said so many times before this is a tough town. A real tough town. And I don't know why we're waiting for those ratings to come out anyway because you could have an 80 share here. I've told you this before. It means nothing. Zero. Not a. Nothing. And I spent almost an hour this morning telling our management that it doesn't mean anything. Nothing. Zero. We could have, how do you like this? We could have a 100 share. In other words, every person who has a radio and is listening to it in this area could be listening to this show. And it wouldn't mean anything. Time to bring back that Zeta's sink. Would you please? I'm going to jump in a sink. And just, you know, wash myself down the hole. That's it. Waterhill. Hello. Hello, Neil. I waste some time with you. I read most of the article that was in New York Times on Sunday. But I read it in the Sunset. No. They reprinted it in most part with permission from the New York Times. Wasn't that nice? You mean it was really something to read in the Sunset. No, for a change. Of course, it's easy to reprint something, isn't it? Yeah, it is. But it was in the Sunset. No. And you see, I couldn't get into your time. Because my new stand had had it so about by 8 o'clock in the morning. And I got there at 830. But I think Miami or the city fathers and date and Miami overreacted. I have read articles knocking to your city and telling it like it is about that. Most dangerous in San Francisco. And this was no great stuff. This was telling the truth. And these guys are going, the crying is, oh my God, we can't do this anymore. I want to tell you something. This article was a superficial piece of garbage. It was such an understatement of what's going on here that if anything, Cheryl ought to be criticized not for knocking, but for really, and he went over backward. When when that woman called Stan yesterday and said that he didn't mention anything that was positive. She obviously didn't even read the article. Because he went on and on and on about the new basketball team and the new symphony, which is in the works and the this and that. And then the last part of the article, which I'm going to turn to, the last several paragraphs. He keeps quoting all of these different self-proclaimed like, Mitch made dec over at FIU. Who also, I wonder if he's ever going to learn to speak English. He goes on about the growing the Karragun community and all the new entrepreneurs. And about the business community is going to develop such in such a way in the University of Miami raised all of this money. You know, so really when you read the whole thing and on balance, it is so positive compared to what the reality of the community is that it's almost like a blue sky. I read the old article with Paradise Lost in Time magazine when it first came out. I guess it was about 45 years ago and no 1981. Six years ago. Yeah. And that was a lot more negative than this article. And it was also accurate. There was nothing in that article that was inaccurate. No, there wasn't any. But that was time magazine and it had time to study and do a good investigative reporting job. The newspaper Sheryl used to be down here. He was read it up and tell a half-see and he's doing something from long distance. And the people down here in Miami didn't read the paper. They just listened to Pereira and and Swarras or whatever the heck as name is. All these people complaining about what the times article had said and not listening to or not reading and forming their own opinions on it. These these people. I don't think there's any hope left for any of these people down here in South Florida because they they're just walking dead. And it upsets me and I can see it's happening in Broward County out. So it's already died in in date and now I still bring up the Broward with their kicking out the kids during spring, spring break, which was the only thing that kept the hotels going to diplomat is going belly up. To the EMR on the beach is offering 43 dollars a night and stay six night and get one free because they can't get anybody to come down here anymore. People are afraid to. There's nothing to do. They're upset and and this article really didn't say much about that at all. How how most of South Florida now is just falling into the ocean. Have a wonderful day. Bye. Almost it's almost like I invited a call from Bob Lancetter today. Isn't a 10 30 at WI and Z. Now I'm not knocking the caller because I mean he was you know getting it off his chest and I invite people to do that. It's frustrating. And those people who knock me for my any bashing and knocking the area. Shame on you. For the way this area is deteriorated since I've come here and and long before that it started is enough to make you want to cry. And if somebody has the. Well really I mean the guy you know was commissioned to write the article he's a freelance writer so I'm not going to give him a tremendous amount of credit. But nonetheless if somebody you know is honest and tells it like it is or even tells a little slice of what's going on here. Right away let's attack the messenger man because we don't like the story. We don't like the message. We have an open line in Broward. 524 9400 in Broward home of the brain dead Kendall good morning. Good morning. I have a couple of things city first of all I'm a Miami native but that doesn't change the fact that I've seen the deterioration here. How long have you been here? I've been back just over two years. I left just after the riots. I had been a party in one of my friends brought a bottle of wine and another one brought a gun and I said well. Is that how you feel safe it's time to leave this town. But I wanted to say I went to Colorado because I heard so much about the frontier mentality and how people will warm up. And it's a bunch of superficial nonsense. No different. Wait a minute you had to go to Colorado for a frontier mentality? No I thought I would go. We have a frontier mentality here. So different than Miami. Somewhere less, less decadent. For lack of a better word. I went out west as it were. And I found that that unity is not different anywhere. There's a story there. There's a, there's interracial problems there. There are the word about Mexicans here. They're worried about Cubans. But when I moved back I moved from Miami to Kendall. And then I heard you saying what you said about Kendall, I almost cried. I just got here. I was thought it was going to be better here. Oh good luck to you. But I walked into a restaurant the other day and I went up and I asked them and Spanish if they spoke English because I could tell it was predominantly Spanish and I said nope. I had to say it with my limited Spanish. It didn't speak any English at all. I can't Kendall will be the next, you know, see we had Miami and Hylia and sweet water. And Kendall is well if I say will be probably we already could include it. I mean there are some people who speak English. But you know when you go into the convenience stores and even some of the other establishments now and even some of the stores in date land years ago. I mean it's nothing new. Oh you go in and they approach you in Spanish. So Kendall is the next lost community. The May Fair first opened and they were hiring. I remember seeing the ads in the paper and they would not hire unless you were by language. So Spanish had become a requirement even back then. Yeah, that's terrific. But I once one thing I want to say in our favor is that I found when I first moved back here I lived in Boca for a while. And I think that to Miami's credit as a traveler's it can be. The communities that don't have all the stress and all the interracial mixes are so right bread Neil. I mean I couldn't even find a good restaurant to eat and I'm a gourmet food addict. So I have to say that or that reminds me I was listening to you Saturday morning. And I heard somebody call and talk about a new restaurant in Coral Gable. So I think it was up to 76. Yeah. It's over on all-hambro's circle. I don't know me. I think it was called. I went in there myself and then I was listening to you Saturday and I must tell you that it's fabulous. It's a fabulous new place. You have to try it. The food is really unique. It's a tiny little place. But it's really warm and the food is really different. I just I have any such a nice place in a long time. Great. But I want to go back to what you said. I'm a little confused. I don't want to misunderstand you about good restaurant. What kind of communities did you say that where you can't find good restaurants? I don't know. In both of my town everything is so. Well that's ridiculous. Oh I don't say there's there's there are two nice places in Bokeh. There was there was love. You may say. And there was another time place where I say hello. You had to go either up to Palm Beach or go out to Fort Lauderdale. Let me make a point for you. Okay. When I lived in Detroit downtown Detroit was a sewer. It is still a sewer even with all the renovation. It's still a sewer. But there was something to go there for. There was the London Chophouse and there were a lot of other fine. There was carols and there were a lot of other fine restaurants in downtown Detroit. Even Kony Island hot dog joints. I mean there are all kinds of places to go. Now where do you go when you go to eat and downtown Miami? Over there used to be place. I'm not talking about beef. I'm not talking about bass side because bass side is like you know it's like a shopping center. But I'm talking about downtown Miami when you go there. Where's the for the fine eating establishments? I don't know anymore because I've just gotten back. And the few that I asked my friends about that used to be there like Kulio and Andres. And those little places that were hidden away are gone. Yeah. They couldn't stand it anymore. Even what's his name? The Northern Italian guy. Romando. He moved. So I guess you're right on that count. But it's just it's an aura that I was really it's the attitude. Maybe because I grew up in Miami and I'm used to the ethnic mix and I like a little bit of of the differences that when. There's a difference between an ethnic mix and feeling alienated and being in a foreign country. And the Miami is not a cultural mix. It is a foreign country. Period. I can't disagree with that because I'm confused about the issue myself. I don't think that it's fair to mandate that we be bilingual. I do agree with the people that say if you're going to live in our country. You have an obligation to at least attempt to speak the language in public. I agree that you're with you that is rude and crude. It's disgusting. It is vulgar. It is obnoxious. It's it's one of the most to use one's language as a weapon as a divisive force to beat. To beat other people over the head with to isolate yourselves with and to bring. Scorn upon yourselves. Nendipurra. Say, oh, big it. Big it. Well, what the hell do people expect when they behave in such a way that's is very clearly. We don't want to assimilate. We don't want to be part of your damn culture. We're going to do our own thing. We're going to take over. We're going to hire our own people. We're going to have our own thing. And if you don't like it, you can get the hell out. And if we're going to do it in your country with the benefits that your society provides. Exactly. With all the benefits you gave us with all those cheap low interest loans with all the health that you gave the Maryalitos with the food stamps and the welfare of your and my tax dollars. We have people turning around and spitting in our face. And that's why there are so many people leaving. They'd count. And that's why there's so much divisiveness in this town. And here we, you know, we just had that promo on a few minutes ago. Here George Valdez again today is going to bring up the attempt to repeal the anti-bilingual ordinance. So we can open up all those wounds again. And we can everybody fighting with each other and bring back all the old hatreds again. Isn't it just what we need? Perfect. It's perfect. But I'm right wrong about the New York Times article. I admit I didn't read it. It's all over myself up for that criticism. But the news did say that most of the negatives that they stayed at were from the riot period in the 80s. Was that? Oh, nonsense. That's a lot of baloney. What they talked about was an understatement of exactly what's going on here today. This is not a rehash. This isn't something that, you know, again, it is, I said it just warmed over because there's nothing new in here. But in terms of what's really going on now, it's accurate. For example, it talks about the survey that was taken by Lewis Harris last spring. When they asked all the CEOs all over the country to rank 30 metropolitan areas in terms of desirability, Miami came in 28th out of 30. Okay. And it talks about the reasons why they felt that way about the crime and the drugs and all the other things. It about housing prices and how they've declined and so on. It's up to date. This is not a rehash of 1981. That's just an excuse by those people who would try to say, Oh, this is all ancient history. We made a comeback. Everything's wonderful now. Everything's great. And I'm going to say to you again, if you believe these people that everything's wonderful, you'll get in your automobile and go down to South Point or whatever that thing is there on my me beach where the dog track used to be a government cut and you drive all the way up. All the way up, Collins Avenue and up a biscing or a one A or a biscing boulevard, whichever you choose federal highway, update and brown and take a look around you and you'll cry. You will cry when you see what's going on. Bad what's happening to us because the area of the land mass are such potential. Yeah. Well, good luck to us all, man. Yeah. Thank you. What am I getting hysterical about? Mess with success. 20 minutes before 11 at WI and Z and let's go to North Miami Beach, Hello. Hello. Yes. This is nature boy D now. How I could get a few things off my chest if I can't on the air is nothing. Dirty or nothing is just how I feel about what's happened to my land. The reason I called out my land is I've been here for forty years, I'm forty two years old. I was born in Brooklyn and raised in Miami and high allia. Excuse me. I just moved out of high allia. I built my own house there. I spent twenty five years on my life building it. I lived thirty five years there as I said and I've seen it change as I've seen a lot of other things change in my land. And I kind of disgusted about the whole thing. There's not much anybody wants to do about it except. Like you said smile about a nice everything is and it's really not. I'm an old diver, skin diver and you're talking about South Beach. I know just about every rock out there on the jetty's. I've been diving here since I was about seven or eight years old. And first someone attacked the Army Corps of Engineers. They come down here and they say, oh, what you got to do is replenish the land on the beaches. And hotel owners who has all the money says, yeah, fine. It's a good idea. You know, we'll buy it. But the people didn't have a chance to say anything about it. Because the people just don't know. How many people are living here or diver? No anything about what's underneath the water. So the Army Corps of Engineers come here with their big pipes and they set up all the dirt and rock. Sure. I'm fed up on that. For the benefit of the audience, I understand the point you're trying to make. But you're going to put the audience into a coma. Yeah, I wiped out. Now I put my kids to sleep all the time. Exactly. And you know, the point is a valid one. But you know, that isn't really rough. Just the tip of the iceberg. Exactly. I'd like to talk about the train and jails. I think if we got rid of the jails and build barracks out there instead of building barracks on the school grounds. I put in a children and little barracks. And we build barracks out in the Everglades. And we put all these guys that are selling drugs in jail without air conditioning and color TV. I think you'll think twice about going to jail. I think I should live. Okay, let's go to Miami Beach. Hello. Hi. Now I'm just going to waste a little time, but you might as well do it to the public. Probably probably the purpose. I have not read the article of New York Times because I can't find it yet. Uh, I want you to have a copy of it. Right in my hand. What about if you read it? The whole thing? Oh, no. It goes down for like seven or eight pages. There. And that way, you know, I don't want to make a comment without knowing what, you know, if you're in the article. No. I've already said the essence of the article is it says, can Miami save itself a city be set by drugs and violence and talks about the fact that most corporations don't want to come here because of the image of the community. And about the fact that we have a housing cost in day County have gone way down since 1982 and last five years. And about, you know, the ethnic tensions that exist here and about the right wing mentality of the big segment of the Cuban population, which is alienated the rest of the population. And the fact that this ought to be with the most liberal, they used to be the most liberal county in the state of Florida. Now of course, it's become a right wing county. You know, basically it's, it's just an understatement of the truth about what this town is become. That's all. You know, it doesn't require taking an hour and a half or two hours to sit and read the whole thing on the air. It just, it just tells it like it is. But again, it's very superficial. It's only just scratching the tiniest tip of the iceberg in terms of how this community has deteriorated. It doesn't even go into the fact that about tourism, for example, no mention of the way that Orlando is taking away so much of our tourism or the fact that, you know, we allowed Disney to get away in a casino gambling. Doesn't make any mention of that. Would you be taking away exactly? No mention of that. Okay, what about this is only about the city of Miami. There is no mention of Fort Lauderdale, no mention of anything else as though the city is like kind of self-sustaining and supporting. And there's nothing else but Martian he ever glades around it. Okay, then another one is an overreaction by the politicians again. Exactly. Exactly. They're just trying to, you know, you know, in a dog does it's number in the backyard, how it kind of runs a couple of feet away. And then it kicks its hind legs up and kicks him dirt up and he or like it's trying to cover up. That's what the politicians are doing. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. And the politicians have done exactly to us what the dog did in the backyard. Okay. They've done that on us over and over and over and over again. They have no solutions, they have no suggestions, they have no answers, they have no nothing. But Blue Sky, that's all they can do is continue to lie and to lie and to lie. And Chief Dixon, I'm going to tell you something, what's going on in your city, in all parts of the city of Miami. With with animals and I do mean animals out there on the streets selling crack and just a smorgous board of every kind of drug that's ever been invented. It's so pervasive and so disgusting. You ought to hang your head in shame. And the people who live in those neighborhoods with those barbarians and those animals who permit this to go on in their backyards and right under their noses, they ought to hang their heads in shame. What it is, Grace. What an absolute disgrace. And here we have all these big stories on the nightly news on our local channels crack cocaine and this and you know something, it's getting worse, not better, it's getting worse as everyday goes by. worse. And I see our friends in Broward are really into this man, we got every line and Broward is wide open. This is just like old times again, isn't it? Now you understand why I gave up doing this kind of show. Because the people who live here also are a big part of the problem, they don't give a damn. They're willing to accept any kind of crap, they don't, you know, all we're going to get the attempting on our windows and we're going to go out and buy some more guns and we'll get some more security systems, they don't give a damn about anything. That's the thing that really gets me. For I'll never forget living through that business in 1980 and 81, I mean that was really some picnic. I mean, there were bodies poppy, they're almost like bodies falling out of the sky in this town. A couple nights when I left the South Day to go home on Dixie Highway, remember seeing these big cars sideways in the middle of the opposite lanes of Dixie Highway with bodies and blood, it was like watching Miami, Vison, it was the real world. And nobody wanted to talk about it, nobody cared about it, and you people, those of you are here who live in your little ivory towers, you don't care. You don't care, so I don't know why the politicians are overreacting getting hysterical or why I'm even bringing this up again this morning, because the people don't give a damn. And when it comes to the politicians and when it comes to our quality of life and when it comes to the drugs and when it comes to anything serious, that's why six months ago on this program or seven months ago, I stopped trying to save the world from itself because the people in this community, man, are like vegetables, they are brain dead and then some, they're beyond brain dead. Whatever the stage is beyond brain dead, that's what the people are in this area. So a laugh and will puke and will play all our cute little stuff and we'll do our thing and that's what we're going to do on this show, believe me. I have no idea whatever possessed me, whatever got into me, the coming and bring this crap up again today. It's like never never land. A while live in plantation and I live in David and I live in Cooper City and I live in Kendall and what, what, like I said a couple of weeks ago, what is it all revolve around in the answer is nothing. Nothing. These are isolated little meaningless communities that have nothing to do with each other and nothing to do with nothing. Roya Locke. Harper Woods. Gross point. Their suburbs of Detroit. There's something real. There's something. I mean, it may not be great, but at least it's real or something tangible. And the same in New York and in Chicago and LA in San Francisco in every real city in America. But this is not a real city. This is just fantasy land. Let's make believe. Miley Beach, Chelo. No, Neil. Yes. You are so right. You predicted all these years ago and it happened. And you know something the people didn't care of then and they still don't care. I want you to know if they don't get up and start doing something. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What are they going to do? Start doing what? They're crazy. Get off and fight the goddamn politicians are in here. Come here and come here and talk to us. We're here for years. They've gone here. They've got no rights to dictate the way they are to tell you that you've got to hire Mark Nobons. I'm going to employ the Americans out there here. I'm scared they say this. And I'm scared they come from all over the world and go to places that were countries and kill animals and slaughter them with vegetables and stick to them. These people are absolutely out of their minds. And God damn it, buying out buying products. They ought to put them back when we were there and send tape on there. Are you all? I said we should have called last year this morning. It's 11 before 11 at WI and Z. We have an open line and brown and it's before 11 at WI and Z. Coral geobals. Hello. Hey, good morning Neil. Yes. Hey, doing. Okay. I'm only 16 but I'm like unfortunately many of my friends. I happen to know exactly what's going on in this town and it's very frightening. I've lived there all my life for and here and it scares me very much. And that the problem is I think about like if I remain in this town, what will the city if it's the way it is now, what's it going to be like in 20 years. And it's absolutely it's scary to think of what this town will be like in 20 years because as a politicians right now, they're just there are comatose there intellectually, comatose. Like the lights are on and no one is home in these politicians. But it's not only the politicians, the people who live here, they're people who live here, reelect, every incumbent. The people are the most unsophisticated voters perhaps of any large city in America here. They go out there and never any issues. You know, and it's not only Cubans, the Jews are the same way. There's very shrubber with his Yamakan. Hey, we love very he's dancing the horror and it makes no difference. All they got to do is go out and panther to the ethnic group that predominates their particular area that they're in and man they're back in over and over and over and over again. And no matter how stupid they are and how divisive they are and how counterproductive they are, we keep putting them back over and over again. And then every time something like this article comes out, everybody gets on a year. Wow, it's the politicians who they help keep putting them back into office. Just saying as I look at that, they all the kids in my high school and most of these kids in 10 years are going to be the same way I can tell I can see it. The one in 10 years they'll be doing the same thing, the politicians will panther to them. I want to ask you a question. A serious question. If kids in your school want to get crack or they want to get any drug they want, do they have to go far to get it? Not my school. I mean, I'm in it. I go to a very, I go to a night, it's not go to school in Kendall. It's a pretty basically a white collar school. They're about a third black, about a third, a little less than third black. Predominant, but the majority one is white and then you guys, you know, a lot of span of two. But I'm telling you, if you want to, if you want to drugs, if you want to crack their all connections you can make. Okay, it's just that it's very sad too. And the thing is, we're one of the better schools too. I go to one of the better schools in terms of throughout being some of the inner city schools by Ami High and who knows what else there. I mean, it's disgusting. I mean, I've heard saying this that they really do scare me. And these kids, in 10 years, they, if they even, you know, know how to vote who knows, but they'll be doing the same thing in 20 years from now. We'll be in the same thing New York Times. Can Miami save itself part 62. Yeah. And it's really scary. Okay. I appreciate hearing from you. And I'm going to say something that's going to get a lot of, I've said this before. It's nothing brand new, but you're just not supposed to say it in polite company, and especially not on the air. You people in the black community, you blacks in this town who sit back and permit, and I'm not saying that all blacks pedal drugs and all blacks are permissive, but I'm going to tell you something what's going on in the black sections of the daydeng roward county, and I'm guaranteeing in a lot of the black sections of big cities all across this country is at a disgrace and don't tell me about discrimination and don't tell me that you can't go out and get an honest job. Oh, but it's the white man. We'd be the lackeys of the white man. Maybe the ones that are getting provided all the drugs, you know, it's, you know, if it is twisting anybody's arm, nobody's holding a gun to anybody's head, forcing them to go out and pedal drugs. Nobody. But boy, what a cush way that is to make a living man. And every place that you will find, large numbers of black people and date and braward counties, and I'm not saying that, you know, we don't have Hispanics, dealing in drugs, we don't have anglo's dealing in drugs, but the black areas and where blacks continue moving in are just overrun with people standing on the streets. From Miami to Homestead to Fort Lauderdale to Lauderdale to Lauderdale, you won't name it. And I'm going to tell you something, those aren't human beings, those are animals, those are barbarians. And I don't know chief fix and maybe we don't have enough jail cells, but I'm going to tell you something, we got to find some way, to round those barbarians up and get them off the streets. We didn't have any problem putting illegal aliens in the chrome detention center. Why don't we put some of the barbarians in chrome? And lock them away there till we get cells available in our prisons, because this is what's destroying this town. And as I said yesterday, if anybody really thinks that the majority of people who understand how pervasive the drug problem is in this town, they're living in a dream world. It's everywhere. Tourism long since, long ago, stopped being the number one economic part of our community. Drugs has been the number one part of the economy in this area for years now, and it's getting bigger and worse every single day. And how people with any kind of conscience, how people with any kind of soul, can sit back and permit this to go on under their noses and permit their children and their grandchildren to be doing this. And to be destroying other people's lives, beats thy hell out of me. But we're not supposed to talk about it, and then the art title bombs come along, and all the other, we have, what is that group put down there where we have the community relations board, and all G, we better do something about these talk show hosts and about new arrogors. I'm going to tell you something, the truth never heard anybody. The truth only hurt those people who deserve to be hurt, and expose those people who deserve to be exposed. And this is a community that's a sleep, a community that's a law law land, because the people don't give a damn, they're busy off in their little ivory tower, as I said, often plantation and they're off in Cooper City, and wherever the hell it is. And don't confuse them with the bigger picture because they don't care. And I'm getting a headache sitting here, you know, deluding myself into thinking that I'm going to get him to care. But again, I'm to care, I know differently, they're not going to care for lover money. Michael Fissier with the headlines, CBS News at 11 o'clock, and we'll come back with our number two here. I'll tell you, if you want to make this very simplistic, the two biggest problems with this whole area. There are too many old people, and there are too many, I'm looking for the right word. I don't want to say, foreigners because that would sound like taffy McCallum. There is too much riff raf that has come here on boats and on rafts, and God only knows how they got here, and they're, you know, destroying the area. Destroying it, they're turning it into a cesspool. And all of these limousine liberal friends of mine, you know, the ones who love to live in the suburbs, but like to tell everybody else they should live in the inner city. All of those limousine liberals who would point to finger and call you a bigot because you move out when certain groups start moving in. How many of your people would like to live in a cesspool? How many of you would like to live in a kind of conditions that you can see in this community where people are living like animals like barbarians who throw their garbage on their front lawn. Who's children pedaled drugs on the street corner to five o'clock in the morning. Till a sun comes up, but see, that's a problem in this country, if you say what you really feel, then you're a bigot. Then everybody's going to attack you and they're going to try to mussel you and shut you up. And then, you know, the status quo we go back to the way things are, and nobody can understand why we can't solve the problems. Miami, hello. Good morning, Neil. I do. Okay. Yeah, I wouldn't like to live in a cesspool leader. I'm telling you one thing, I'm kind of, I'm in between a rock and a hard place. I'm a, I'm a, a Cuban American person to keep his second to see him tell by my language. I speak pretty good English. And my Spanish isn't that bad. But like I'm, like I said, I'm like between a hard and a rock place. I love this country. I love what it stands for. I hate some of these people that come out here and they come to this country. And then they don't learn the language and they pose their views and their language on other people. No, it's even worse is when they do learn the language and they refuse to speak it in public because they want to be rude and obnoxious and arrogant and disgusting. That's even worse. Yes, it is. And I want to tell you something that happened in the Friday. I wrote with a high-wape to call officer as an observer. We pulled over a Latin male. He was drunk and took him down to the station. When the officer started reading him as writes, you know, to do the DUI test and the video tape and all that stuff. When he was video tape, the officer asked him, I'm going to read you your rights in English and the guy goes, I don't speak English. And the officer read him in English and then read him in Spanish. About 10 minutes into the whole steel, about the DUI rest. The guy goes in perfect English. He goes, I need to go to the bathroom. I don't go to the bathroom and I'm going to think of all over myself. And that was being video video tape. So imagine when that guy stands in front of a judge and the judge views that video tape, what's the judge going to do? You know, I can't understand why these people come to this country. And they love this country. But then again, they want to impose. Who says they love this country? What makes you say that? Well, that's what they say. Yeah. They love to take advantage of what opportunities the country is giving them. But that doesn't mean they love the country. Yeah. And it takes me off because I said, I don't keep it. I love this country. And I've been here and there's nothing I wouldn't do. And if for their casual falls tomorrow, I beg you that half of these people are you listening to on these Spanish radio stations who are getting all these old Cubans all around. They want to go back. They wouldn't go back. You're crazy. Yeah. You think they're going to give up all the stuff that they got here. The houses and all. No way. Back there. No way. You have to see in order to get listeners. In order to screw the American public, the people who live the Americans who lived down here, they're sitting there talking away. They're sitting there talking away. They're talking away. I like to tell you that's my skill for now. But I like to tell you, first of your Friday I was listening to Steve Kane on the way home. And somebody called about you and your numbers and all this stuff and he was talking about the time he called your show when he just left W. News. And how you treated him and when he's not talking to you, he's sitting there, you're sitting there screaming and yelling and saying all these things. But then when he calls you or whatever. We don't even discuss him. We don't even breathe his name on this show. Well, he called you a coward because you're not willing to face the fact that a front of a. Well, the facts in front will be out this afternoon. We'll be out in the next hour. We'll be the next set of numbers. And I guarantee you the numbers for this show will be even better than they were the day that he called in. Yeah. Those are the facts. But the caller was defending it. And he was saying, well, I make, we know what tells me who's better is not the numbers. It's how much I'm making. I'm making more new Rogers. You know, something I couldn't care less if he made 5 million a year. He's still small potatoes and we don't discuss him. He's an arrogant SOB. Exactly. All right. You think you're very much Neil? Have a good day. Twelve out of ten after 11 at WI and Z. We have an open line in date. Six, two, four, and ninety, four, and hundred. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Great. Show today. I really enjoyed this. Listen to you all the time. I'm in 10, 10, and I have some investigative reporting. And I'm covered with that. There's a manager of Dave County, Sergio, Pereiro, Souta. This guy had carpones installed and his car is county car, his white car, his deputy manager's car, and this is another deputy's car. And they asked him about all the carpones. And he says, when I have to, when I need to be reached, I need to be reached. So they surveyed every other metropolis in the nation. And not one county manager in the whole nation had a car phone. Yeah. Oh, he's having a good time. He's taken us for all they can get, just like most of these other guys do. And they're just like Rosario Kennedy with her $80 billion worth of furniture or whatever it is. They're just taking us for a great ride. And as long as they realize the public is oblivious and all of a kind of other way, they're going to squeeze and suck every dime and every perk out of us that they can get. And he had one in her car though. Yeah. Well, sorry. Well, listen, you never know what he might be in her car, you know? Oh, this is really comical. She might have him hidden in the trunk. That was amazing. I thought that was, I thought I was just bringing light to, I don't know if everyone saw it, but I was quite interesting. Yeah. Well, you know what they say about Neuro is spiddling while Rome was burning. In this case, it's just the opposite. The community is spiddling while the politicians are burning the rest of us. Exactly. Okay. Okay, Neil, thanks a lot. What is that? Nine fingers and here comes a sheet of paper that says, oh, well, this is a good response to the, uh, to the last caller. And while we ordinarily don't mention Steve's name on this show, we certainly would at this point because we know that he's listening. And from 10 to 3, the ratings are just in from the spring, arbitron rating book, is in that interesting. Well, let's start from the bottom. Let's start from the very bottom with WNWS, a 3.3, WIOD, a 3.6, and WINZ, a 9.0. By the way, I'm not working Saturdays anymore. Okay. Let's say it's 11 to 14 at WINZ. We'll get, you know, a lot more on this and we'll, you know, spend just we don't want to spend a lot of time on it, right? You know, maybe till like, maybe till 4 or 5, I'll stick around with Stan. And we'll go over all of the numbers and break it down because we like to spread the truth on this show. A 9. Okay. Is there anybody in the audience who went, and of course, now the logical thing, if Bob Rich were the general manager, Bob would come in and sit down and say to me, we need an 18 realistically minimum 18 in order to survive. Okay. A 9 share in midday. And I think the audience, because really, as I said, 9% of the people, and I say this just the other day, 9 or 10% of the people in this town, have a lot of time. They're heads on straight. They listen to this show. The other 90% ma! Okay. So I'm not insulting the audience. I'm insulting the rest of the public out there who are doing whatever they're doing. What are they doing? Listening to music? They're listening to life. They're listening to that wonderful elevator music. Oh, it's so wonderful, God, true. They are. Living in their little cocoons in their ivory towers and their adult, only retirement communities in their vegetating. Vegetating. We have more number of this just like election night. We have more numbers coming in right now. Here they are. Oh, look at this. This is good. This is all of the stations. We ought to go now, wait a minute. We need you here for just a second. You can even open his mic. I mean, when you got a 9 share, you even let a douchebag on your show. I wasn't saying that about you necessarily. Are you talking to me? Yes. Who do you think I was talking to? The moon? OK. Well, let's see. W-I-N-Z is on here somewhere. It's half a bit of a clandet. A 6, 3. Ooh, did we be QBA? God, Staluevo. W-Q-Q-B-A. Oh, no. Are you going to believe this? They only had a 5-1. It wasn't even close. We killed them. Well, let's see if anybody beat us. We had a 6, 3. I guess life, of course, lifeless, yeah. They were down a little bit in 8, 6. Isn't that wonderful after them next? Now, what about W's snooze? What about W? News and talk? On the lead louder show, talks louder than anybody in the market. You know, I have something hit me yesterday, but why don't we play something, Hitchuit? But why he talks so loud, Neil? Why? I think he's going deaf. I think you know, after I met him at the softball game, I think he's going deaf. Well, look at this AM seems to be, I thought AM radio was dying. All the AM seemed to be going up, except the Spanish language AM. Somebody said AM was dying. Look at that. W-Q-A, isn't that wacky radio, mom B? Oh, wow, mom B. Went way down from a 46 to a 32. In this end, double a QBA went down from a 56 to a 51. W-R-H-C went from a 17 to a 11. So these Spanish language stations are going, Adios? Oh boy, isn't that a breath of fresh air, huh? That's about time. W-C-M-Q-A, I'm down from a 14 to a 12. What about QBA FM? This'll get stand up set. Now they went up. Okay, stand you okay? From a 19 to a 23. That's super cool. Yep. What about W-E-D-R? From a 50 to a 41. Ooh. So you see all these ethnic minorities, man. They're going down. Weird. So they're listening to the truth in English. I don't know, you will be depressed, no. What do you show is to hate man, you're gonna turn into this morning. Okay, now wags and get go up from a 30 to a three, five. And that excited. First up book and got a little. Oh yeah, well, you know when you get down to it. Oh, you know what I haven't even looked at yet? I almost forgot. Oh, the last station. Uh oh. I don't think I'll mention that one. Should I? That'll take the pressure off you. There's no pressure. What pressure? I mean, would you prefer that I read it? Look at this, the roster, do you just brought in the mail? What do you? Thanks, roster. Ooh, this'd be pretty good mail here, roster. This'd be pretty good. Ooh, thank you, man. You're so mean. You're soccer of America. Oh, look at that. Soccer America. You sure you don't want this? Oh, wait, I'm going to rise to Jews. Don't play soccer. Do they have to? A nine, you sure? Do you have any idea what that means from a seven? Nothing. It means nothing. That's the incredible part of it. A nine in midday, okay? A nine. This is a radio station that used to do ones and foods. What's in two? And those were all old people. Okay. Real old. I mean, like over 100. By the way, the news is coming back. Tomorrow on midday. Well, listen, I made the decision before the book came out. What can I tell you? This is great. What's that? Coopan. We don't have time for that right now. This is from the New York Times. We still don't have time for this is from the New York Times too, okay? This magazine that everybody's so up in arms about. Okay. The FM? Yeah. Why, Derek, should I read this? I've been already told in no uncertain terms. Don't go overboard on this. Although Peter Bulger, you were witness. He said I could say anything. I wanted to read it. Okay. Well, listen, it's a, maybe it'll stay by the 20 year plan on the FM. Maybe it'll stay by itself if you just read it. Well, how about if I look at the other AOR's first? Okay. Oh, yes. WGTR and she went from a two to two to a two six. Ooh. Okay. Yeah. She. Yeah. She went from a two seven to a two two. So that was like kind of a turnaround. Yeah. It sort of flip flop. Yeah. And Zeta. Go ahead. Went from a one, six. Two A. One, two. I still label. Now, why are you doing that? What are you doing that? There's still, you know, just a couple of years away from greatness. All right. Let's take our first break here. And I'm apologizing to a lot of people online. They've been waiting a long time. And, you know, you're 11.26 and WINZ. So I guess we'd be there to everybody but life, right? Let me go up and down to listing. Does anybody care about this? Do you think are all the other? Yeah. They care. No? Well, I care. And the other, all the other people in the business care, and of course, they're all listening. There's anybody else. This station had a 6.3-year 12 plus in the spring book. I mean, that is so incredible. It is so mind-boggling. Of course, the question now is, will they be able to sell my show? And the answer is, of course not. Let's see, you know, who's this with a 5-4? Uh-oh. Tanner. Powerless 96 went way up, way up. To a 5-4. Of course, that's all those people are into that scratch music. They'd be some real interesting people. No. So we're like number two in the market. With the number 1 AM and number two overall behind life list, and of course, you know, two thirds of their audience are in offices. They're captive audience. They're listening in dentist offices and doctors offices and psychiatrist offices etc. Look warm 105. What is look warm 105? What is that? What is it? Oh, hot 105. I'm sorry. I forgot, see? I totally forgot about them. Other about flat, 3-4-2-3-3. Flat. They're going to be playing Chinese mouserkers next week. I'm not so hot 105. Or maybe they'll become a little hotter. Maybe it'll be such one 105. You never know. Okay, so those are the numbers as we have them. And of course, we'll be getting a little bit more on this as the returns from the farm belt comes in. So a stick around and we can glow it and we can jump up and down and carry on and just, you know, do a Kazanski on here together. So all of those people out there who would like me to be off the air and all the people who send the hate mail and it would like to have the news back in midday. And are all upset because we don't have Admiral Point Dexter. We'll give them the Italian salute, exactly. Stick it where the Mundo and shine is basically the message. But of course, it was a lot of fun. But now I think we have to go back. Of course, we don't want to do too well because like I told you when you do too well, then everybody starts getting real nervous. Real nervous. Like the people in the programming department. They're always nervous. And if you do too well, then you attract a lot of attention. So if we can cut it, you know, like slide back. A lot of guests exactly. Let's bring back those boring guests. You know, I was thinking, our Fred Schatz was really good yesterday. And he passed out a lot of good information. But I want to say this. I sat in there with Tweety Bird in the programming office this morning. And I said to him, as of this moment, I'm beginning to think that perhaps no guests ever might be the way to go. Now, I hate to say that because there's some people we have on every now and then I really like like Jika and Cosford and Linda Thornton and Tony Segretto. And you know, there may be about a half a dozen, ten whatever it is that I enjoy. And we have a good time together. But I don't know. We'll find out. Okay, we had a couple of people drop off in date and I, you know, profusely apologize from the bottom of my heart because I know we kept you waiting. And you're really, we got you worked up to a frenzy about what this town is turning into in New York times and all this other stuff. And, you know, we lost three colors while I went through this whole tirade, this self-aggrandizement about the ratings. But this is what it's all about. This is what we live in die for, okay? Now I'm sitting here with a nine. Now if Mr. Pomp is over there on that other station whose name we don't mention when his book comes out, you know, obviously he wasn't a part of this, but when the summer book comes out, I'd be very curious to see what that number is. Should we compare numbers? That would be interesting. Okay, let's go back to the call. Look at that. Just about everybody dropped off. You know, something, I don't think I'm even going to try to go back to it. I really don't. No, I don't think I'm going to go back to it. I think I'm just going to play the whole rack. Don't you? We didn't take any calls yesterday and look how painless that was. Everything was wonderful. Until to a clock when I was about to leave and I got called into our program director's office and then it was not so wonderful. And I thought to myself when I got up this morning should I really go in there to work today or should I just, you know, kind of go out on strike. Should I pick at the radio station and just have a big placard that says mess with success? You see, because obviously based on these numbers, I don't know what I'm doing and I need a lot of direction and a lot of restrictions. And one of the things that's happened on this radio station and it's because, thank goodness, we have had a tremendous amount of latitude is that we've brought enormous numbers of people back to AM radio. Because we've had a lot of latitude and we haven't had people standing over our shoulders assuming that we didn't know what we were doing. I don't hear you. How come I don't hear him? Ron here within his driving home. He just offered these shelves to the liquor store to get a bottle of champagne. He wants to hear the morning numbers again. Oh, I don't, I don't have the morning numbers. How come I don't have the numbers for the rest of the day? Maybe there's still days to use the... Probably, yeah. No, I don't think so because I got 10 to 3. 6 to 10 would come first. Yeah, exactly. How come they don't bring me? I'd love to a tooth to horn about the rest of the station. About our great morning drive news, which is, I mean, if anybody listens to the news in the morning on any other station, they got to be a fool. And I've been saying that ever since I came to this radio station, I'd say it with all sincerity. We have great news people in the morning. And for the life of me, I have no idea why anybody would choose to listen to any other station for news in the morning. Or any time for that matter. Well, there is one hour, but I'm not going to get into that because I've been told, don't, you know. Don't say it. There is one hour in the early evening. I don't want to mention what time it is after staying gets off the air, but I'm not going to talk about it. Let me just give the numbers out again. And I don't care what you do. You know what I'm saying? I don't care what you want to talk about if you want to keep up with the New York Times. Because I know that nobody gives it am. I can sit here and get all emotionally. Get my blood pressure up in scream and holler about the animals pedaling drugs and the towns turned into a cesspool. And we've got you making gangs and this kind of gang. And you know, it's pathetic. It's really sad. You know, I guess the new thing, you know, when you're, when you're some part of a ethnic minority now, the new thing in America, unlike what it used to be years ago, then, no, I shouldn't say that because even years ago, we had all these other gangs. That's true. It's not different, but it's just a lot more unpleasant now because we're living through it. But what is it that gives you the right when you come into the country to all of a sudden, um, have a large segment of your people need barbarians? I'm not not sure I understand that. North Dade perhaps has the answer to the question. Hello. I wish I did, but I don't. I didn't think so. I wish I did. Well, first of all, congratulations. Thank you. Okay, and for God's sake, don't give up the phone. We live for six. I love he ask you something. Well, I don't even know what to talk about, Ted, the truth. I know. You know, but the thing that urged me is that these God damn telephones. We are paying phone bills for every employee of this city. They're calling us straight. They're calling on our family and we are paying for those calls. I think they ought to call trailways for a one-way bus ticket. And I think we'd be delighted to donate 75 bucks a piece for each one of them to for a one-way ticket to anywhere they want to go. Oh, this is terrible deal. And him with five phones. Yeah. Well, he has to have a phone for each suit. Of course. But to know what, it's funny and yet it is so pathetic. By the way, do we know where he got the phones and how much he paid for them? Oh, that might be interesting. That's it. You don't say that. I heard he got him at the flea market at a special discount. He's stolen good, I hope. Probably, yeah. I don't know what else to talk about. I just want to say congratulations. Thanks a lot. Hey, I'm okay. Hang in there. Keep your head above water. Okay. It's always try to do in South Florida's tread water. Now, here's Mike Wolfe who, of course, is the Dean of the Wins News Castors. There's a little bit God damn machine. But we were at five one in more than one. Five one in morning drive. Excellent number. Excellent. So we beat him again. And I would be with a four five. Uh-oh. I OD was a four something in the morning. And Mike has been told he has to do a 12 minimum minimum. That's a true story, by the way. Now, how would you feel if they told us that? You know, like we've got to do a 15 in the next book or you're all on a work. Exactly. It's time to open up a second bar, Mike. Well, can I say a thank you for those numbers? Okay. And congratulations to our morning news team who again have beaten the competition. What was that they were saying? It's news after the softball game the other night about how we may have beaten them off the air. But they beat us on the air. Well, the last couple of books that hasn't happened. So perhaps Tom Schaefer and his midget sidekick over there. Or to just, you know, if you're going to talk loud, at least have something to brag about. North Miami. Hello. Hi, honey. Yes. First I want to congratulate you when I'm very, very happy for you. Thank you so much. And secondly, I hope you just kidding when you said that you're not going to work on Saturday. That means that you'll be denying all these people who work all week long and can't listen to you during the week. I look forward to listening to you one Saturday. Let me tell you something. The chances of them letting me off on Saturday are non-existent. Okay. Oh, now you make me happy. I really mean that I have to interrupt a very important thing that I was doing to get you on the telephone and to verify it. To verify what? That's you're going to continue working on Saturday. Well, how about if they let me have off like every third or fourth Saturday? Wouldn't that be a good deal? Well, that wouldn't be too bad. Yeah. I mean, they even let Alissa be fourth Saturday and he only works three hours on Saturday. Uh-huh. Right? You get that right. Well, anyway. Again, I congratulate you, do you say? But everything, all the ratings that you get, all the good ratings that you get. Thank you. It's rude. There's no one like you're working on it. Oh, well, I know that's what they tell me. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you, John. Continue working on Saturday. Okay. If I'd like people, I'd like listening to you. Okay. Okay. Bye-bye. Maybe Sunday too. How about Sunday? And then I can do a, let's see, a show on the FM on the weekend. I want to the night's on a weekend. I can do an oldie show on the FM and what else? And then I can over, go over to the Lout 94 and I can sit around with noodles and all those other exciting people over there in the morning before I come to work here. Okay. We have an open line in day. We have a very bright color from deer field coming up next. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. I thought I was going to echo the congratulations. And with your numbers, you shouldn't have any difficulties getting off whenever you want to get off. Exactly. Like it noon, for example, today, if I want to go over to Flagler, they should bring somebody in here. I'll just take off. You show for a limbo on anything you want. You want to get placed in numbers of anybody around the place. Right. At least they ought to, at least they can do. You know, as Brimmy a cake it is not now. I have a bit of aggravation with the so-called management people at all. They should be suburb or suburb or suburb. It's a bit of the year. You're a few of these eyes. After all, you make it go. All right. Now that's stroking. I want to get down to something that I know about personally. And I think it might be interesting. I'd give to your listening people. Back in the 60s when the first Cubans came over, they were wealthy people. They had the retinues and they had the groups of, they had tremendous retinues. I was a mailman. I had the liberty mail to them. We had a project out there called Westchester. It's not a project that is very shouldn't be used. But it was a very fine home, built in the wonderful neighborhood. These homes were just begging. Nobody wanted to buy nobody could buy them. They were too expensive at that time. Back in the early 60s, I think they were 18, five when they had central air. They had every convenience you want. All of a sudden, I see this in-blocks of groups of people going in each home. And I see some of six months old going up. And then I see where you're retinue, somewhere to what the marcos would have. And then I started delivering checks. And then I would find my amazing, that everybody got to check. Well, fair whatever. Some bees are. Let me see. I'm a little nervous. I never called them. They were all ready before, but never the rest. They're doing what I'm going to stop that. They'll go ahead and listen. And then once a month, I found out that I was delivering 250 dollars checks to anybody that was in the bill of pay-of-pig, pay-of-pig operation. So this is where a lot of the money was. Now these were the people that were supposed to be the cadre of the, by the way, a lot of those folks that were out there, I recognize names from those days. A president of banks said nowadays and really have gotten up in this world. But they'd let's face it. They were never to hound. In either world in Cuba or here. But if you can just imagine all those checks that went out there. And the funny part of the sidebar, this is, I don't want to deliver the, the seats, the CIA checks. They were in the regular envelope. And I noticed that place was in the building in coal gables. And I said something to the clerk and Coral Gable. He said no big post, I know that's the CIA. But, um, was interesting to be anyway. These are, let me see, I'm a little nervous. I never called them. I'm ready to be for it. But now I'm all right. Okay, 20 minutes till noon at WI and Z, we have an open line in day 624, 9400. We have a, um, I think we'll take the collect call from West Palm Beach because we're trying to conserve. Hello. Hi. Congratulations on your numbers. Thank you. Despite what management says, continue to do it just what you're doing right now. Obviously it's working. Yeah, I always do the opposite of what they say and look how well it's worked down. That's right. And I think you should get Saturdays off. I think only at, everyone else works five days a week. Yeah. And at, slave labor, I thought that was illegal. That's right. Management doesn't work six days a week. No, do, that'd be a cold day in hell when you'd see them here on a weekend. You should get off also. Question on IOD. What happened to them? Not that I can't anymore. What happened to them? Well, I'll tell you what they said four is numbers. Well, you got to remember that I don't, I don't, well, let's see in a mid day they had a three six, which was up quite a bit amazingly from a two four. Well, but you got to remember that all the people who were on then are gone. That's right. Well, when they left, I left to, I said, Dr. Lowego to them. Yeah. I got a call from my Anthony. You want? Yeah. What do you want you to do a show? The, the my Anthony of IOD call me. For what? I had written an nasty note to him, you know, complaining about all the fire and the bill. Yeah. I had a foreign letter response and that kicked me off further. Uh-huh. So when you had Tom Jick on, when he was on, when you were on vacation, he mentioned that Mr. Mouse up in Atlanta was the head, Bigwig, as far as I... Mr. Mouse? Mr. Mouse? Mr. Mouse? I thought that was... I was in a him and nasty note. And his brother, Mr. Rat, is down here in Miami. That's about what I said. I said, you know what's going on with this Lowe station. So I guess by way of networking, he sent a back to my Anthony and said, answer this lady. So he called me up and said, they are now into high-tech radio. What's high-tech radio? Did he really say that? High-tech! What is that? It's other than the helicopter. Well, I think you misunderstood him. I think he said high-dreck. Oh. He said high-tech radio is... You want to know what high-tech radio is? Listen. Can you hear it? Can you hear it? Yeah? What is it? That's it. That's high-tech. And then? Yeah. Okay. That's where the boat is going to be. Those are their numbers, yeah. Next time, there it goes. Here it comes. Look out. In fact, it's hovering over Channel 7 right now, right next door. I have to have a lot longer than I thought it was. Wait a minute, Rick Weaver's changing his underwear in the blimp. First time this year. Here comes Joe. Bring out baby. Okay. There they go. That's high-tech. A high-tech. Yep. Thank you. I appreciate that. Okay. Have a good day. Give my best to Mike. Oh, dear. Okay. See you later. High-tech radio, boy. That's exciting. That means, well, you know what that really means? It just dawned on me. See high-tech, I guess, has to do with equipment. And that's why they're putting all those board-ups on the year. Because they're familiar with all that new modern equipment that they brought in. So that's high-tech radio. You bring in all your board-ups and you put them on the air. Okay. We have a couple of open lines. One in each county in date, six, two, four, nine, four, and nine, four, and then, and then, Broward, five, two, four, and nine, four, hundred. I promise you that tomorrow we'll go back to whatever we've been doing for the last several months. But, you know, some of us never learn. And, of course, when I left here yesterday, I was somewhat psychotic, a little bit psychotic, because I got a good talking to yesterday. And I was told, no one certain terms that, you know, some of these things, they just have got to change. And, of course, if we go up to an 11 in the next book, then for sure, we'll have to change because we like to mess what success! At WI and Z. Now, you see, it's like the old saying about if it's not broken, don't fix it. We like to do the opposite. Okay. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Congratulations. Thank you. I don't even call it to say that, but one other thing, cross on one ball as I see, is it later before me. Can't believe I'm hearing this voice, Steve. I don't, you don't have to say what it is. But, just let me say, the only other things that is that, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I try to track and the day that, day, she's referring to the mister Stanley Mount, Stanley is his first name. I also wrote in Caulgeum, and it's coming from about what's going over there, that I would think. Stanley Mouse? Stanley Mouse. That's where they got infected. But I thought this type of stuff, this is the apparesis. You put me on, right? She says no valour! Wait a minute, didn't we used to atleg, make was to that RGM used to be called Stanley J-Mouse. Well, I don't know. I don't know. That's the same guide, but this is the kind of chest. Shut up, or quen were hitin', because it's the line is your jet. Viski for medicalifying is crystal for constable. and I said him a note, you know, like I mean, I'm scared about that station, but you know, you know, live and that was part of a call for you today. And I don't have this sound, but I'm going to say it anyhow. If you wish to believe me, you make it your finger ready. Well, wait a minute, what are you going to say Steve? Right. Is there any season getting built, Carter, back on your show on your station? Nobody would like that better than I would. I think he would be so great from 8 to midnight on this station, but unfortunately, they're just in love with talk net here. They just love that swirl on talk net. And you know, what can I tell you? Well, what a host of letters, postcards, guy, your pigeon, don't you express them in with any kind of communication? Help change that. Well, couldn't hurt. Let's put it that way. I don't want to offer you a lot of hope. And I've talked, you know, to build about that, but it's just a very hard headed around here. I'm telling you. Okay. I don't want to take a bloody time, but again, I felt in the guys of the day, I'm in keep knocking. I'm dead. Thanks a lot, Steve. Good luck. Now, they have that Burger King mentality. They want to do it their way, you know, which generally when you're dealing with management in this business, their way is the wrong way. And don't, you know, don't bother with us. Those of us who want to hear because we're more on, we don't know anything. We're just, you know, those on a year, people, man, we're just a bunch of pions. So, though you all had to pee on us all the time. You know, that's a bottom line. We're just pions. And I'm only sitting here with a nine share in the mid day. There's no such thing. There is no such number. Okay? No such number in daytime radio in a market with 37 signals. It doesn't exist. But I will say this. Gary did come in here and he went to like that and then he ran out of the building because he knows that we're going to be renegotiating my contract or I'm not showing up tomorrow. Okay, where are we going? South Miami? Hello. Hello. How you doing? Thank you, Mr. Rogers. Just got off work a couple hours ago. We're listening to your station. And I work for the federal government, the agency's mentioned in that article in New York Times. Yeah. And I've been in Miami now about seven years. And I'd say that the people here in Miami are some of the most uncooperative people. Oh, you can see that again. I can vouch for that on this show. I'll tell you. I mean, it's unbelievable and the stigma that my wife or myself, you get in this community being employed by an agency. It's unbelievable. I think that we're some kind of outcast. And you know, it's 18 years. And sometimes you just want to give up and maybe the best thing to do is let all these people run a muck. Run a muck. Run a muck. All the, I mean, we try to do what we can. But all we get is bad publicity and no cooperation whatsoever. I think I may have a good idea. Maybe what we ought to do is take all of the riff raf. All of the drug people, all of the undesirables and all of the do is we'll build, you know, they're very big on walls here lately. You know, the big wall and for Lauderdale and the wall in Hellendale. Oh, I did this build a big wall around the city of Miami like the Berlin wall and jam all of these people in there. And, you know, we'll let all the nice people out who want to get out first and we'll just jam them all in there. We'll leave them in there. And we'll just ignore it. And we'll let the politicians, you know, try to control them. And, you know, they'll deserve each other. And, you know, they make it hard and harder now because what a little tricks a lot of them have is a lot of these people is that they don't speak English. And they understand and they do speak English. Well, when it's convenient for them, they speak it. That's, you know, always the innocent, the stupidity type act they put on. Yeah. And now with all these new policies from the INS, you don't know who it's who. You don't know whether this person is a legal alien, illegal alien. And it's one of these things that the policies just unbelievable. Just let everybody in and we'll take worry about it later. So, you know, it's just a shame that in Texas, it was completely different thing. The people in here in Miami, they just want to be left alone. They don't care what's going on next door. Yeah. Now they're oblivious. And, don't forget, most of them came here to escape and to get away. And they just, they have that kind of mindset and nothing you can do is going to change it. And we just have far too many of these retirees here. And there's nothing wrong with being retired. There's nothing wrong with being old. But we've just got this really warped population here and it's just not working out. Yeah. I'm one of these, I guess I grew up wrong or, you know, someone tries to sell you a new color television for $50. Yeah. You know, that it's stolen. So, if there's no buyers, there'll be no sellers. And people, you know, that on the up and up, we'll go ahead and brag about buying a TV for $50. Yeah. Like Sergio, you know, he wants to be a great role model for our youth in a day county. Yeah. And it went away. Texas now. Well, yeah, because we got to, you know, subsidize all of those suits that he's buying. And, you know, I also see how people can continue living here because it just gets outrageous. And property value is going down, but he says they're going up. I don't understand. Well, sir, good luck. Well, need it. Thanks for calling. Thank you, sir. 10 minutes till noon at WI and Z. We got two open lines and they'd now where people are expiring like flies. Did you hear the story on the news this morning by the way about the new state gun law? Were they repealed the previous law and what they didn't our legislature and they're infinite wisdom? What they didn't realize when they repealed the previous law? What they did in effect was making illegal for people in Florida now to walk around carrying guns. As long as they're not completely concealed, based on the new law now, you can walk around anywhere and carry a gun. Even if you don't have a permit. As long as it's not concealed, you can walk around with a gun so stand must really be excited about that. Because he, you know, he's a great advocate of bringing a wild west back and having everybody carry a gun on their holster so that when you go trolling around in the Broward Mall and somebody gives you a dirty look, you can get even real quick. We have another break to do, don't we? I think nine minutes till noon at WI and Zia Campoli. We have night for me to midnight for so many years and I made the point that, you know, my goal was to expand not to take away anybody else's audience. Maybe a little bit here. Although it is interesting that all those people are running this time period are gone. All of them are gone. In ten months They're either off the year or they're in another time period. It's really bizarre. But anyway, my point was to expand the talk market during this period of time because we got this incredible signal which is going to be even better the day that we get to go non-directional in the daytime even in Tampa. Even last that I can hear it every day and steal my material fresh every day instead of getting it second hand. And it's kind of interesting if you add up the numbers from our station and IOD and NWS and midday now and this way this rating book gets 16% of the audience. Whereas before when there was only Sandy and Al basically on and midday, between them they did about 67% put together 67%. So we have more than doubled the talk list new ship during this day part. Does that mean anything? No, I'm sorry. Okay, excuse me. My amy, hello. Hello. Yes. I just want to say to keep up the good work. I have you people on. I don't even cane my dial. 24 hours a day. And the only thing I'm doing is getting begs of the eyes. Yeah, what are you laughing with? There are a lot of bags in this town, sir. Right, I understand perfectly. But you're doing a wonderful job and only you'll be key to the good work. Okay, thank you. David, hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I have a couple questions about the rating system and how it works. Maybe you can clear me up on it. What is the latest time and day that the rating's actually go towards? I mean, they don't go into the midnight hour or two. Oh, sure. They're 24 hours a day. Are they 24 hours a day? And they are listed hour by hour, which we don't have the whole book yet. They won't be out for a couple of days. But they are listed hour by hour through the midnight hour till one in the morning. Because I'm just curious. I mean, I'm not a big fan of, uh, you know, talking at or just picking up a pot and receiving it and I enjoyed it much better before when you actually had someone there in the evening. Right when Bill Carter was here, I agree with you. I was wondering if there's a difference in the books between, I mean, if the rating is just the fire at okay, that's one thing. But I'm just wondering if it's just a fireball or not, as far as money is concerned. Well, let's see, that's the big problem. And even when I was on for me to midnight and I had great numbers at night for years, but it always just story was what we can't sell night time. And the problem is that advertisers in this market and agencies especially do not want to buy after 7 p.m. Which is unfortunate because, you know, I used to have a very large audience at night. And Bill had a big audience at night. In fact, his midnight hour, he had like an 11 share in his last book on this station. But, um, you know, it's very difficult to retrain old dogs to do new tricks. Yeah. I had another quick question about the rating system too. Now, you have a nine is your rating correct? Right. For the last book. Right. And what percentage of that rating can you contribute to yourself? How much would actually go towards the tackle and how much would tile take out of that 9%. Okay. I think probably the tackle has about 8%. You're kidding me. I hope so. Yeah. Because I, you know, I mean, I show it in just one person. It's the whole concept and your whole show bring that time here. No question about it. Yeah. That's it. Keep up Thanks a lot. Yeah. The writers, all those people are right are material. We don't have any. But, uh, see, that's the one thing that astonishes me is they give us nothing. I was talking to Stan last night. We're having one of those on the phone, bitching sessions that people in this business love to have. And I was saying, you know, what do they give us? Nothing. I mentioned that. I said it took me Stan was very fortunate in days. I don't know what it is with major, but you notice how the first day before even went on the air, Rick Edwards was in here with a boom mic and they brought that stupid old mic and they messed up my show. And, uh, you know, they were running around with all this equipment. Took me months to get the first car rack in here for all of these crazy things that we play on the air. Major's here for like a couple of weeks in Bingo. Look at this. We got a second car rack for all of his stuff. I want to be Don Johnson and all like in Madonna. This man has got a sense of humor. You know, I just realized he deserves to be on between six and seven. You know, that he deserves that every night. Just slowly, but surely each evening his credibility is just, you remember that thing that the Max was carrying around before that had Zeta on it that was pretending to be a sink, but looked like some other something else you'd find. Um, I'm telling you, just kind of like the tidy bullman just swimming away. Exactly. And between six and seven, I think for one of those tears, I'm not sure wait, but I'm not supposed to talk about that, okay? All of a sudden I have this sick literally, the sick feeling of the pitomized stomach. I am sick to my stomach. I'm nauseous. Wait a minute, the island queen said that Rick and Suds said that Saturday the Vulture and Lee had lunch. Lee Ho. Fowler. Lee Fowler had lunch with the Vulture. You have gotta be pulling my beak. Are you serious? Lee Fowler had lunch with the Vulture on Saturday? Now what could that be all about? I have noticed that he's been acting pretty bizarre this week, so that we're better check that out. We ought to start our own rumor line and find out what that's all about. Probably something they arranged at the softball game, no doubt, right? Wonder how much he's getting paid off. The Vulture's super spy. Okay, Michael, we'll see you at the headlines where those from CBS had known and we'll come back with more award-winning birds at 1206. It's a little bit better. Right? Right. So just send us your name and address. You don't even have to put in the stamped envelope. And we'll use our own, we'll use those old 95 INZ envelopes that they refuse. You know, this is an interesting story. Okay, this company has no gripes coming when we do this kind of thing. It's not like we have a shortage of envelopes. We have 7,400,000 and 6 envelopes that say 95 INZ. And I imagine a couple of letterheads along with them too, right? Let me use them. And they won't let us use them because the embarrassment factor is too great. Well, there is no more 95 INZ. It's now of course Z to 94.98236. And if you can remember all those numbers, that's the problem. They have a few listeners, but they can't remember all of those numbers so they can write it down. In the appropriate book, I love those stations that every rating period, you know, write it down. Write it. That's that is so crass. And so disgusting. Do you think that anybody out there writes it down because somebody on the earth says write it down? Course not. And it sounds like hell. It is so it comes across so bad. But of course, if you are listening to WI and Z940 on your AM dial, write it down. But anyway, the address postcards, letters will be delighted to send you all you want. Boone in the box. Here are Neal Rogers WI and Z. Miami, 33.0. Now I do want to remind you that Pat and Debbie Boone are coming to town of the sunrise musical theater next month to do sound music. Those wonderful religious Bible-toting god-fearing wax are coming here next month. And of course, we have sent out literally thousands of copies of the Boone in the box picture from the, would you try to control yourself from the January 1984 issue of Hustler magazine? And if you would like your very own copy because listen, when you got a nine share now, especially, we don't give it them. We'll pay the post did you don't even have to send the stamp self at rest envelope to send us your name and address on a card in a letter to Boone in the box and we'll send you believe me it'll be worth the effort. I will not disappoint you on this one. Send it to Boone in the box, care of Neal Rogers WI and Z. Miami and the zip code is 33.055 because we want to make sure that every man woman in child, every living man woman in child and date, which leaves a lot of people out. It leaves the brain dead out. We want to make sure you all have your copy by the time Pat and Debbie come into town. What are you trying to say? What do you wire you over there? Um, it's not open and when Carla's ready, he'll open it. Well, you need to deny the rumor, but in the meantime, think of something good because everybody believes it now that you and Lee Fowler had lunch on Saturday, probably being paid off to be a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a spy, who a doesn't that sound of the vulture sound like a spy to you, who does to me? Just kind of hovering over all the dead bodies at wins. I was sitting at home Saturday afternoon, mining my own business. Yeah, bothering nobody and how many witnesses do you have to confirm this? Nobody was by myself. See, he has unsubstantiated testimony. Bring on, Arthur Lyman is going to come in. He has a few questions he'd like to ask you, Mr. Hill. Who said I had lunch with him? That's what I want to know. Who is spreading this malignant spuds? Well, there you go. Consider the source. What do you mean, Rick and Spuds? That's the message it called, give me, is there my right? That's the message we have that Rick and Spuds. They said this on the air? On the air. Tell them not to call the station ever again. They didn't call somebody who heard it called it. Oh, is that right? Yeah, heard them saying that on the air? Oh boy. They're wrong. They're absolutely wrong and I deny it in fame. It was from that same station. I think we have a tape of the call. It's a lie. I am not a nonsense. Yeah, that should give you an idea. Who was exactly what they're wrong? And I'm a fake. See, he's not know. You're not vehemently denying it because I know you too well now and it's kind of a lukewarm denial. So that beyond the shadow of a doubt indicates it's true. A, I would not break bread with that man. First off, he hurts my ears when he talks. Yeah. And I think he's going deaf as why he talks a lot. And I think we should take up a collection to buy Lee Fowler a miracle ear. I really do. I think it would be a good thing for a miracle rear. Oh, Lee Fennig. I don't know if I can must go to post this. Absolutely untrue post a screaming. What do you think? What do you think? Now, I want to tell you something that's going to really get you to press what the arm management. I mean upper level management told me this morning. Oh, God, that he thinks that Jeff Charles is real competition. And I tried for 15 minutes in the middle of the rest of what I was trying to tell him to tell him that this man is so bad that it's embarrassing in addition to which he cannot buy a call. Every time I turn him on if Stan goes into what one of those rare commercial breaks, I punch over to 790. He can't buy a call. And he keeps pumping those numbers and pumping the numbers. Come on, you want to talk to us. Call those numbers. They don't want to talk to them. See, Ron Sacks had an annoying voice. Ron sounded kind of like the vulture. Okay. But at least he had some semblance. He had my cue of over one. Not very much over, but an IQ of over one. But this guy has nothing. There is nothing there. There is no substance. Well, there may be a substance, but it's one of those that we can't mention on a year. Yeah, you know, I, I, I have speaking of the dog kicking up its hind legs in the long. We mentioned that earlier in the show. See, you have to kind of keep in mind all of the different things that we touch on during the show. And then sooner or later, they come back and fit in perfectly. I've always said that. Yeah. If you listen to the show in total, in total, you'll also notice that I was told the same mung brain that gave me my lecture yesterday. Mr. Messwood's success also told us in no uncertain terms he didn't want you on this show. Yeah. Why today? No, no, no, no, quite some time ago. Yeah. Yeah. And that you were going to destroy this program. Remember how upset they used to get? Yeah. And now we're in a course. Unfortunately, you have been on the show for quite some time. And now we're up to a night. We did a seven last time, which was a miracle. Now we've got a nine. Even the pulp couldn't get a nine. Okay. I'm serious. In Bogot, Colombia, and it couldn't get a nine. And as you said, 8% of that is the cackle. What does that tell you about this market, huh? What does that say? And you, what you did your usual thing, they hated it when I came on the show that used to get so upset. And you kept having me on the show. You did your usual thing. You did exactly the opposite of what they wanted you to do. And it's worked out as usual. It has worked out just absolutely beautiful. Now you're looking for something. You can't find anything. And that stands rack. You can't find anything in that rack. Here it is. Okay. He's got that in your rack. He! He! He! He! Adios! He! He! He! This is an upper level programming meeting at WI and Z. That you're listening in on. I was not in the way. Ooh, I wonder who they said that to. They're looking for our studios. It's the building out in Carroll City in the middle of nowhere where the big sign reads mess with success. Exactly. Why don't they just leave me alone? Why don't they just leave me alone? I thought they were. They were. For a long time they just left and I came back from vacation and I attacked our program director for putting those boring hearings on. Oh, that's what that's what they'll see now. He's this is a backlight. He's responding. He's flexing his muscle. You're right. He's still upset about you. Yeah. He's flexing his muscle. Yeah. Absolutely right. Yeah. Oh well. And I will not call that newsperson psychotic anymore. They're embarrassing yes, but not psychotic. I will not use that word. Well thank God. I'm not retracting it, but I just won't use it anymore. Well, Jim burressing humiliating degrading and debasing yes, psychotic. I'm just not going to say it. I know. Fool. Anything else? So what did you have for lunch with me? I did not go to lunch or to eat it. I would not. I would not. I would not. Shorty. No. I met one of those joints over on 441 that Lee likes with a donuts. I met him for the first time with the softball game for some of ever met in this way. I set up lunch. No. Of course it all fits in, doesn't it? No. I did not have Jerry is deliberating right now. Someone's hallucinating in this market. Who uses that term all the time to cover up his tracks? Who? Who? Only one that I know of. Lee. Follow. Oh yeah. Yeah. hallucinating. Like me and Jacob we were hallucinating when Jefferson pilot was going to buy W. snooze. We were hallucinating. Right? And when Beth Smith was going to Orlando, I was hallucinating. I didn't have one. And when that new lineup was coming in, I was hallucinating. Well, besides all that. And when Bill McQuake was going to be on midday on IOD, we were hallucinating. Text. Yeah. The Redneck boat up with those heavy top. We got to discuss brain surge read a day. I forgot to check the radio highlights today to see who he has on today. I don't know. The brain surgeon. Guy operated on Bill Casey. Right. And Bunky Bunky buyer. Yeah. And he mixed the brains up. You remember like in a Frankenstein? You got the brains confused? No wonder we went into that whole arond thing. It's all Bunky buyers fault. Poor Bill Casey man and never going to change the redeem himself. Boy, boy, what would happen to you if they opened up your head and put Bunky buyers brain inside? Man, you'd be off the deep end too. You'd be selling weapons to the Soviets. Good point. Am I right? Good point. Do you think please go in death? Well, you know I'm pretty well. I told them that the man had all. I told you if you came in here you would dig a hole for yourself. So deep that even a falcher would never be able to fly out of it. I didn't have lunch with anybody saturday. And that's the truth. Always at the wrong day. Or Sunday. I'd mind to buy own business. We had a wonderful weekend. It was gloomy and rainy and dark and cool. We, I. What is that like pet shelter if we are president? We're going to talk about this arms control thing. What is it with her? She is such an airhead such a moron. It's right in all those diesel bikes matter running around. Yeah. Yeah. People's men over the headband beat him up. Did you see that thing? Yes. You see it on the man. That's disgusting. Yeah. I'm not just I like their old leader. Well, here's somebody in North Miami who is very upset that you're on. Hello. Yes. Let him have it. Mr. Rogers? Yes, ma'am. I just got home a little while ago. And I turned in when you were talking about Miami turning into a cesspool. Yes, ma'am. You're absolutely right. It's gotten so your freight even though during the daytime went alone at night. Right. And I live alone in an apartment and I'll tell you I have window guards. I have a chain on my door, a deadbolt, and a regular lock. Now is this any way to live? No. I swear to God, I can panic attacks. Just from everything that you hear that's going on. And with this new gun law, we're going to be like the okay, Correll. They'll just have a shoot out. I'm flaggler or something. That's all I wanted to say. The other thing is that I like the way you say it, the way it is. Thank you. Okay. We may have something to help that lady. It's late at night. You're fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home. But you're protected. Yes, the James Brown home security alone. The heart is working along in the safety business. Design by the Godfather of home protection himself. The James Brown alone protects you from burglars. Bandals. And if you act off, we'll include it no extra cost. The patent is James Brown hot pants far along. So put the soul patrol on your keyhole. With the James Brown home security system. You'll say a big good. Okay, now we have a queason art that we're going to be attaching to the FM transmitter. Well, they make some pretty interesting noises. No, I'm not going to rack because I've already been told. Don't over it with and don't rag on them because there are a lot of very emotional people up there. And it might we like a lot of the people up there. Like lead you let and Peter Bolger and Jeff Gunser. Is there anybody I left out? Scott Lezier. I don't know him. I like him. He's a real good guy. He does six. He's had a night. Good guy. Yeah. Who else do we like? No, I don't care. I mean it's up to you. You're a Kyle running the show. Well, I think you're off again. Yeah. Yeah, if it was up to him, you'd never be on. Well, just maybe he likes you to be on only when you're on the defensive. Now you can put him back on. He's on the defensive. It's true. I am. You're in bed. Yeah, so I know that they want it with the animator. That's a that's a faith worse than death. We're going to probably have hearings that will be caring. In fact, I get another couple of weeks vacation. I was we're going to be hearing the WI&Z Contra hearings. Contra gate. Valor days. News gate. So we're going to the shorties. We didn't. I didn't. I wouldn't. You wouldn't? No. And you didn't. Well, he talks too loud. I could tell you. He hurts my ears when I talk. I talked to the man. So you and Lori Sheffield are really make a great team over there. I'll tell you it'll be great. You'll have a good time. I'm not going over there. When are you leaving? I don't like it over there. I'm not going. They don't want me over there. Jeff Charles is over there. I can't go. Oh boy. Yeah. Well, you could get some body by solo flex information. The callers are here comes another message now at the farm man. There's they've been waiting a long time and because you're sitting here making a mockery of this show. Well, you've got the highest rated show. Now if they would bring me in the rest of the number I'll go out and I'll get what I'd like to 25 to 54 is because obviously that's where, you know, we are bread and butter resent that will get me out of the way here. You can say that you know we're on a big diet. They'll get me out of the way here. I'll get the numbers and I'd also like the day part. All right. Okay. Wouldn't that be a reasonable request? I'd like to be able to give the audience some information here. I'll be happy to be able to. What to whom and when? I'll be happy to go out and bother our man. And I would also like to be able to see if there's any other show. I kind of doubted because there's a certain morning banana mouth who was talking the other day. I didn't hear about it. I understand. I already has more listeners than I have. That's right. Now I kind of wonder. Now what did why 100 do? I don't want to make it. They were down. They were saying, they were funny foxes name on the year, but I have a feeling that he didn't do no nine in the morning. Okay. Because overall, he did a four or five. Right. They were down from a four or nine. I don't think Sunny did a nine in the morning. I want to compare his numbers with bill tanners. Yeah, Tanner. I'm sure must have beat him this time. You think so? Because they were up way up. They went over the five four. They were the closest station to us. I think in the more. Yeah. Powerless. I think you're right. I think they're number three. Rodgers in Tanner. You're laughing about the big guns in the markets. Yeah. What we can start to did are here. What you tell it. That's the kind of stuff that we strive for. We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen. And of course you're not. That's it. That's a way goes in a big city, right? I'm going to go. Please. I'm going to go stand around the water cooler. Yeah, round of water cooler and see who showed they're talking about today. That's right. Okay. Well, do something useful and go give me the rest of the numbers because I was lucky they brought these in because they're not too happy with me these days. I'm doing too well. Did I say that a few weeks ago on the air when you started doing too well? You become a little independent. And then they can't boss you around and manipulate you and bring you in and brow beat you and so on. Okay. 23 minutes past noon at WI and CI promise when we come back we might take some calls. 25 past noon at WI and Z. And we do have an open line of day that's 624 9400. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Definitely a nail. How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? Listen, I just like to say I enjoy you show a lot. I haven't gone back to F-Amen about a couple months. Great. But listen, I got something you might be interested in. I was searching through my record collection of the day and I found a sound effect record. I'm honored he has authentic culture sounds. I can't wait. They try to get these on a cassette they have. The first one is a one authentic culture. They have a family of cultures and after that they have tweeting birds. All fantastic boy that's perfect for us. The tweeting birds. We didn't birds say sound real good so you might have some things to play with there. Listen. So to speak. So to speak. One other thing to before I go I just want to say what's out of a pile today. He sounds like he needs a double-height colonics. Well, he's a little irritated today. I think so. I think we should get him something. He was an irritated until you just said that, but now he's a little irritated. He's a part of it. Get some sort of mouth there. Why you got to understand first of all, a corporate chief engineer is in the building which gets him nervous to begin with. And we've had many misfits on the phone that I noticed he's becoming a peptic about. So you have no concept of what he goes through up there. You just you can't even begin to imagine. Do you have hair? Has he lost your hair? Do you like when? He keeps gluing it in when he leaves every day. Okay now I get those on cassette you and I should get them down in a couple days. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. Okay. Okay. What Kyle's typing another message in response to the last caller it says the misfits on the phones. It's the summer and all the intelligent or semi-intelligent people are gone. What does that say about us? Okay 27. Well if we were intelligent we wouldn't be here in the first place. 27 passed noon at W. I. N. Z. Write it down as they say on the FM on restroom walls and on Charmin from coast to coast. Okay. We have a couple of open lines. I don't you know I don't know what the problem is. It is lunchtime in date County 624 9400 and in Broward 524 9400 for Waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Good. How you doing? I'm not too bad. I just want to call you and tell you that during the Iran Contra hearing that I was listening to your show. Now I are actually to the hearing. And then afterwards I got kind of hooked on Washington to ram talk radio. And it's been years since I've listened to AM but I think there's been some advancement in the quality of the sound because my radio picks it up really well and now I'm converted. I listen to AM all the time. Fantastic. And I just want to say that you're doing a super job and I listen to Stan in the afternoon and he was talking yesterday about you keeping him from getting dates. And what? It seems to me, right, he does a good job out by himself. Wait man, now this is interesting because Stan is one of those who likes to transfer. He likes to place blame on others for his own failings. For example, how many times have you heard him say that I Glenn or Neil gave him some stiff subject that didn't work out and that's why he wasn't getting any response. Yeah, he's complaining about it. Exactly. Exactly. And now he's blaming me for him not getting dates. Yeah, he said he was out with a young lady or maybe not a young lady. I mean he was out with a lady. A lot of things about 11. And he said that her parents told her that she could not go out with him anymore because they knew you and the any friend of Neil Rodgers he could not go out with. Okay, now in the interesting I can take a little bit of the truth and you can just you know, mess it all up. He never went out with this young lady. This young lady isn't anymore interested in him than she is in a fog that croaked in his pond. Okay? But Stan and I've known him for a long time and he's a great guy but he has this ability to create these fantasy. For example, if you were walking into mall and for whatever reason you went into a shop and a young lady in the shop said hi, how you doing or something. And then you walked out of there and you thought boy, she's in love with me and I'm going to leave her my phone number, you know, based on nothing. You see what I'm saying? And Stan has this amazing facility to do that to take nothing and in his own mind to transpose it into this incredible romantic interlude at what nothing is going on. I'm saying I'm not exaggerating it's true. So I guess it makes for a fantastic vicarious romance life but that's about it. Well he's misleading his listeners then. I hear how I'm not there waiting with David Greft to hear about this guy's love life. And he starts talking about how he's got this guy right where he wants it and then you go and screw up his run life. Yeah. Okay. Well I'm responsible for all the other bad things that happens. Well I'll take the fall for it. All right. Hey, it's good talking to you and I really like you to go. Thanks for calling. Bye. Bye. Bye. We have another message on the screen. A woman said that Ray Charles is asking for calls from people who want mancin freed. And I guess he's trying to be a natural quenella with fowler because fowler is the one who did about 17 shows on a guy in California and I can never think of that guy's name. Do you know his name? The one that caught the girl. Now I raped that 14 year old girl and cut her arms off and finally got parole from jail and everybody who knows what he wants him in the neighborhood and the father did about seven shows defending the guy and the talking about how mean the public was because nobody wanted to give this guy a break and now evidently Ray Charles is desperate enough. I mean you talk about trying to be outrageous. Talk about being desperate. And it's so obvious, you know, to come on here and say something so outrageous that you're going to get everybody crazy and the most embarrassing part about that is to still not get a call. It's it would be like coming on here and saying I think all little children ought to be put in in garbage disposal. And you look at the phone and nothing is happening and I'm sure a lot of you have seen that bit on TV you know where the guy is doing the talk show and he just everything and then a phone finally rings and it's a wrong number. So if you want to talk to Ray Charles about Charlie Manson the number in date is 379-8255 and in Broward 389-8255 come on light up his phones give him some action because we understand through upper level management that the guy is a legitimate competitor. For what I'm not sure about a legitimate competitor. Let's go to a coconut Grove. Hello. Congratulations on your numbers now. Thank you. Hi, it's a dentally. Have you heard the latest Delta story? Is there a new one? Yeah. I heard the one about the plane with 144 people on board that landed in both wheels blue out is that the one? That was another one. That was an Atlanta. Yeah, well this is happening in Atlanta also. The plane was getting a little take off and there was a bag at him who got locked in the bag. It's a play of things. The lady kept her something under her scene tears. The gentleman for the guy who took off the head and I let the guy out. Unbelievable. And in the every day you see one of that same dumb looking spokesman for Delta and he says we have no explanation it's human error and there's you know I'm telling you they I don't know what those people are on but they must be doing some wild stuff at Delta. I don't know that the spot was about as east and now I just play this hard to tell with words. No, I've never had any major problem with eastern. I know that a lot of people have but I guess I've been lucky. But my one experience with Delta was so bad that I wouldn't fly I would walk before I would fly them again. Well, I've never flown them and I don't think they're just one ever will. No, this would not be a good time to start I guess. Okay. Okay, I'll see in a baggage compartment. Okay. You know the crazy part about these theories is that they're true. You know somebody wrote a satire about an airline and you know pilots were taking off with doors unlocked and they were landing at the wrong airport in the wrong city or on the wrong runway. You know it would be funny. But it ain't so funny when it's true as William Conrad would say for FPNL. Okay, we have an open line in date 624 9400 and in Broward is one line at 524 9400 if you'd like to talk about whether or not Charles Manson should be freed from prison. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. Congratulations. Thank you. We'd be very happy in Fort Lauderdale. I always know a ton of sitting around with you. But I just wanted to congratulate myself for having a good taste for listening to you for at least eight years. Well, you see, you're not the only one. No, absolutely. I'm not the only one. It's much not vindicate you. They what? Which vindicate you? Oh, all right. I heard you got the picture of the Pope after day that I sent you. Yeah. Did you like that? It was great. The one with a bird and the droppings? They can pop up. It was excellent. In fact, you know what those almost look like. There was look like those burger bundles that they got at Burger King now. They didn't have any cheese on them, but they looked like those little burger bundles. I could do a whole show on Burger King and the Burger Bundles. You know, it's just amazing to be. Have you seen the size of those things? No, I've only seen them on television. Oh, man. I mean, they are so tiny that they're almost microscopic. I don't understand why they're doing that. I'm not saying this is only a word. No, this is their answer to royal castle and crystal and white castle and all the people like those little, you remember those little good ones. Yeah. And this is their answer to them. And I'm telling you, they are so bad that it's unbelievable. I have a new dam for us because we're going to make some money on the Pope. If they're selling bags, they're a couple down the street that want to build a new swimming pool. And they have given me carpalons to their backyard, dig up all the dirt I want. And so I figured we could go down there and sell bags of dirt when the Pope comes. And some dirt bags, too, that I'd like to get rid of around here and make some money on it. Is that a pill, too? Sounds sensational. And well, we think about it. Okay. A note of Spaniard. Okay. When is this? Congratulations. When is that this? It's when it started. Okay. A mobile man wanted to hear followers versus ours. What the numbers? We don't have the hour by hour. They don't come in until them. What about property Friday? Friday. So if you want hour by hour numbers, you'll have to wait till the entire rating book comes in. But from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Which is kind of a spillover. WS News was in last place of the three news in talk stations, as they say. I had a nine here in midday, nine point. Oh, a nice and even number. Wiod had a 3.6 and WNWS had a 3.3, a distant last. Pulling up the rear. Let's go to Cutler Ridge, yellow. Hello. Hi. How you doing? Fine. I'm the first time caller here. Good. And I've been listening to you about a month. And then before you went on vacation, weren't you for the Cubans? What do you mean for the Cubans? What does that mean? Everybody just vote to make it. Speak Spanish. What? In Cutler Ridge. Where I live? No, no wait a minute. Wait a minute. Everybody vote to make a speak Spanish. What are you talking about? Well, you were for. No, I'm not for everybody speaking Spanish. I'm for English and I always have been. And I noticed by the one glad you mentioned that because I forgot on the news earlier that the Metro Commission and their infinite stupidity is going to put this thing on the battle against. So we can be sure that we're going to have another big, divisive thing all over again. Isn't that great? Because they're too spiny, list to tell George Valdez the stick it were the Mundo and Sean. We're going to have to go through another big, divisive campaign and another big divisive election. Well, I've been in Miami 25 years and I think it's a great city. You know, as compared to what? Oh, just? No, compared to New York. No, I'm from New York. No, it's not a great city compared to New York. That's a great. I mean, you're entitled to that opinion. But based on what? More down here. You find out more down here than you do in New York. Oh, yeah, from all the great news papers here, you have so much information here. It's such an intellectual, you know, bastion here. I mean, what are you talking about? You find out more. What does that mean? They let everything out down here. They tell you what's going on down. Like what? Like everything about the drugs. Oh, yeah, all right. Everybody knows all about where the drug sure. Everything is great. But it's great down here. Yeah. It's better down here than up north. The weather is better here than up north. Don't let me say it again. The weather is better here than up north. Period. No. Period. It's great living down here. Right. Because because the weather is better. It shouldn't be down here. Click. There she goes. Cutler Ridge. I tell you, there are a lot of real-ney antithols down here in that cutler-rich perinary aboile. And now there's some nice people, you know, five or six. But that's another one of those vast redneck wastelands of 21 till one at WI and Z. We have two open lines. They're both in Dade. 624 9400. 624 9400. And that we'd be going to North Miami next Hello. You should make that last call. Listen to Ray Charles three weeks straight. Yeah, we should tie her into a chair with a radio one as loud as it'll go. I mean, there is so much you weren't that Ray Charles. I mean, you could cut out this or just his left. Forget about the Volta's his left is unbelievable. I'm glad you mentioned that because of Volta gets a lot of heat from the audience for his cackle and I the first time I heard Ray Charles and I heard that that Hyena laugh. Oh, well, well, well, it's incredible at last. I couldn't believe it. I mean, and he did he came on today with a subject that just so talk about contrived. I mean, that subject today, I think, man, and should be right free. Yeah. Well, you see, this is the guys idea of being outrageous is to come on a year and to desperately start lashing out and everything and anything with, you know, these obvious attempts to get the audience hysterical and just not going to work because like you see, you can see through it in five seconds. Just so ridiculous. I mean, who's responsible for this guy? Lee Fowler. Another winner from Lee. Yeah, well, Lee is got one thing about Lee's track record, man. He may not be good, but he's consistent. Now, God, like this, I brought him down from Minnesota, right? Did I have to get an order you think they gave this guy a contract? Are they obligated to this guy? I have no idea. I don't know. I one thing that I've always, I really was down on the culture until the other day when I heard him do Lee Fowler screaming. His best act for sure enough. Yeah. I thought of a conversation between you, doing great words and him doing Fowler, it's monitoring him, sure for something or other and I would be think that a big star. Okay, we'll work on that. Okay, you. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, what do you think? Charles Manson should we let him enter or keep him out? And what about Cherry Coke or, uh, and what about steak and shake? I hear they're all closing up. You see, I really have no idea what this business is all about. In fact, that was my first question to our general manager this morning. Is what the hell is this all about? You know, when you tell me, what is it all about? And after an hour, I realized that he didn't know any more than I do. 19 before one, it wins. Let's go to Miami Lakes. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Is there any good or any good fallouts from all of this drug trade in Miami? Is there any good from us? Yes, or not, not that I know of. Other, you know, if you're talking about individual good people getting wealthy and buying cars and, you know, buying big houses and have it a lot of money, maybe individually, there's good, but certainly for the community, there's not. Well, there is one. What is that? We've developed the finest trauma unit at the medical center in the United States. Thanks to all of the Nathan Gunn Society's going on. Isn't that great? Yeah. Good thinking, sir. What a genius. You what? 25 to 54. And he's very slowly, zero-oxing the day parts. By the way, did you hear the guys say that the rate-chirls laugh? Vindicates you almost. In other words, the tackle is now almost commonplace because rate-chirls laugh is so embarrassing. Now wait a minute, what is this? Oh, this is the weekend. Oh, boy, I panicked. Wait a minute, what are you giving me here now? What are you giving me? 25 to 54. Okay. 6 to 10 AM. 6 AM to Midday. Why don't you give me like a 10 AM to 3 PM? Wouldn't that be nice? 25 to 54 and the day parts 12 plus? Oh, man, I'm going to tell you something. This man on a scale of zero. Like I said, laugh or no laugh, he could just put you into a coma. Okay? I mean, he has brought me stuff here that is so useless as to make you want to just do handstands in the middle of the atrium. Isn't that something? Overall, 25 to 54. Huh. Huh. Boy, W. Snoos is really a gut that young audience, don't they? I mean, like almost invisible. But that's on a weekend. Well, he's got me even the pages. Oh, this is also the weekend weekend weekend. We don't care about the weekend, you and the end are all. All of these pages are the weekend. Oh, man, give us a break. Helen Dale, hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. I got a comment about that. Delta deal? Yeah. Yeah. I'm about a couple months ago when I got out of school for the summer. I got a job working in Mary. I didn't fly it up in Loderdale. And you would not believe the stuff that goes on to the Delta planes and how unsafe they are. I mean, one day I opened the door to load the plane and the emergency shoots shot out. Just the food is disgusting. The unsanitary, I mean, Delta used to be the best airline around. And, you know, what's happened to them? You know what it ought to say? You've seen, I know you've seen those ads where says Delta is ready, where you when you are. And after the word ready, somebody ought to take like a little mark in there and both at right the words to crash when you are. No, but like just like, I give you a word of advice. Like if when you fly on any of these airlines, like your coffee pot and stuff like that. Yeah. When the guys go out, if they're short, they just take the coffee pot that's come in from the wherever the plane just landed from. And they'll just wash it into the dirty water and the dirty garbage that's come off the plane and just wipe it and put it right back on the airplane. I mean, if you're going to order a drink, anything with a webinar lime or ice, the guys they have dirty hands and grease all over from being on the truck, they just go ahead and make it up. Your meals are pretty safe, especially if you order the, um, the, what do you call it? It was a special meal, like kosher meal, vegetarian meals. Yeah. You know, but other than that, you're off just sitting in your scene to the plane land. I'm very selective about what I eat on a plane. In fact, when I was on vacation, I was on two breakfast flights and they bring you, and I'm not an egg eater to begin with, but they bring you these eggs that look like, um, like the this called out of a bad egg. Exactly like death warmed over. Right. And I eat generally like things out of little packages, like sometimes there's, uh, I'm trying like little cakes or something in packages. Right. When they're sealed, they may be still, but at least you feel they're fairly safe. They haven't been read on and stop. Backly. Exactly. There's anything that's sealed on there is, is all right. It's the prepared meals are pretty good because the girls prepare them in the kitchen and, you know, they're fairly clean. You know, what I don't understand, why does it have to be so hard? I mean, we're talking about what a couple of hundred people on a jet maybe 300 on the biggest. Why is it so hard to prepare meals? Even if they took regular TV dinners, they would be better than most of what they feed you. Oh yeah, exactly. The food is really awful. I mean, the one of their company benefits, their wages were so low. That's why I quit. The wages were so low. What they do, they're benefit. They feed you. Big deal. Who wants to eat airline food all day? Yeah, you can say that again. And I've got one of the ways they get even with you. Yeah, really. I just wanted to call once you know about that. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay, it's 14 to one at WI and Z. Will not do that. No, I think WI or D used to. Do they? Yeah, yeah, they've done it. Of course, not lately since they changed. No, lately they would not be too crazy about doing it. Well, listen, a four or four and a half years in a shabby. They don't have, they don't have a four. They've got a three six. And was that also when they had the last, uh, the people on air. In other words, as far as Mike and that was, that was when everybody was there, which is what makes it so ironic is that they went up with the people that they had there with Sandy and Mike and Bill. And now all of those people are gone. They haven't been through. I think the people they on air people have on now are worse than what they have. That's my point. That's what I'm trying to tell you. So even though they went up a little bit to a three six, they can't brag about it. And they can't sell it because none of those people are there anymore. Oh, really. Does management really like when you got your numbers in today? Does management sit down and look this stuff over? And they can important decisions is to who's going to remain on the air after what can get this stuff or not? Or do they just say, well, we're down for whatever reason or a fluke? See, every time a radio station gets a lousy book, but they do, if they say, well, look, you know, while they're trying, they don't know what they're doing. The Neil Fins are off-stage. Oh, no, I don't agree with you. I think the bad part of it is in this business and radio at least, is that most management reacts from book to book, which you really should never do. One, one book can be a fluke or one change can be a fluke. This business is not a one book business. It's got to be over a sustained period of time. But unfortunately, a lot of management just waits for the book come out. Then they start wholesale firing people. And we've seen it more than once in less couple of years that management has reacted and done wild things. And then the book comes out and it turns out that the previous people were doing well. And that's exactly what happened to Io-D. They're previous people were going up and they're all gone. You know, I happen to know and you can take this to pick. I happen to know that you for whatever reason make other radio stations very nervous. Now they never have something nice to say about you. They'll say that you've got this, you've got problems, you've got this and that. But you make them for very, very nervous. Yeah, you know, of course I do because I talk about them openly and honestly, and I tell it like it is and they can't remember about that. And it makes most radio stations don't like to discuss the inside stuff going on. Exactly. They hear it's an in-house type thing and you just don't blab about it on the air to thousands of people. And that's one of the reasons why all the people in the business listen to this show. Well, they do. They do and I think it's kind of ironic. And what they do is they'll listen to you, they'll trash you, they'll indicate, well, this guy that, what have you and then the book comes out and you get whatever number that you said you have, but to which they have, they have for run. Nine. Nine? Well, mine is pretty big heavy duty stuff. Let me tell you something nine in the daytime and the market of this size is, I don't know how many years it's been since anybody has had a nine in this market in the daytime. I don't, it's almost impossible. But I'm not a boss at twice at your radio station that he has more, and listen or ship than you do. Not anymore. Not anymore. That's why I'm anxious to see the day parts. If Twittybird ever gets his finger out of his ear or wherever he's got it hidden, I'm real anxious to see that because if they did a four or five or something overall, there's no way that he did some humongous number in the morning. It's just very unlikely. Now with all your numbers and with everything that's going well for you, what on it seems like that you have less commercials than other radio stations. True. Did my crack? True. Why? Because in other words, they don't think you're a sort of radio as marketable. I haven't got any idea. I start management that question this morning. And unfortunately, the sales department here has gone through a series of and the previous sales manager when he left before he left this station, did everything his power to sabotage this radio station. That's not right. No, it's not right. It's not professional. It's not the way to go. Exactly. So we got some good people back there, but they are practically starting from scratch. Hey, then what good are big numbers? If in fact, it does not precisely. And actually, that's exactly what I asked this morning. So we'll find out. Yeah, almost. Maybe you've got one of those bugs. No, I don't have a bug. But that is a really one thing I don't understand. I mean, if the numbers are there, what have you, the idea is to transfer that into dollars. You bet. And can I transfer in into dollars and something is wrong? Something is rotten in Denmark. Right. But see, I think the type of radio that you do and I think people are getting a little bit more used to it is not all that outrageous. People are talking about this radio station. I'm out and about quite a bit. And the type of radio you do is not that off-base. I agree with you. It is not that great. I agree. And I think if I operate your doing is the type of life that we all lead to certain extent, each and every day of our lives. You've got it. And I think it's all wrong. But hey, right, listen, I'm happy for you. And I think it's great. One thing you can do is get my friend Billy back on the air. I sure love to. What's he doing? What's Bill doing? Yeah. He's the taken a paycheck. You're the other week. Oh, that's right. You're hanging out with a little member right here. Right. Well, what the heck? He'll be okay. Don't worry about it. Okay. See you later. Yeah. Do we have another break to do? We do. Another break on this show. Okay. And when we come back, old, look what happened to the phone when you just came in the door. Look at that four lights are emptying up. Since you just came to the consensus, they can feel you coming. Okay. Let's take this break. And when we come back, he's got all of the stuff that we don't want in his hand. Okay. Let's say one thing. And again, I, you know, people look at it like I'm tuning my own horn. And to some extent, I guess I need to, because certainly nobody else in the market is going to come. I, hey, Neil had this nine share, you know, the QUM of this show is 198,000 people. Okay. The QUM of some stations in this market is considerably less. I'm talking about the entire station. Okay. That the QUM is the total number of people that you're reaching. On, believable. As far as sunny fox in the morning is concerned, Glenn has brought me all of these pages, some of which are right, and some of which are wrong. But, you know, when you're dealing with mental incompetence, what do you expect? Now, let's see, why 100? Why 100? Oh, I see. He always talks about QUM because they've got that gigantic QUM of all these people listening like for five minutes in the morning. Okay. So in QUM, banana mouth is right. He's got 235,400. But average quarter hour, average quarter hour is pathetic sunny. 38,100. And average quarter hour on this show, wait a minute, is 63,000. Almost double. And that's what they look at. That's what the agencies look at. The course. The course. Like the last new ship. Yep. And you know, QUM means all that means on an FM station like that is people punching up the button in the morning listening for five minutes sunny. Well, congratulations. Thank you so much. And if you don't, if you don't self-promote and destruct during the next couple hours, I'll do it for you from three to six. What do you mean the next couple of hours? Well, you were complaining about, you know, if you don't want to sound like you're, you know, being a part of that. But you're the one who would do that. You're the only one who would do that. Do you think Lee Fauer has got come on here? I'm not. He said, you believe Neil Rogers had a nine share in his day part. And we ought to build a statue to him in the Smithsonian Institute of Broadcasting. Well, in the area of Lawrence and Mark Quna ought to be on their hands and knees kissing his feet right now. Of course not. They're preparing another nasty memo right now. If, like, don't get too big of a head and you will continue working Saturday and buzz off. If anybody wants to know. By the way, congratulations on a good book. If anybody wants to know how incredible this number of the Neil got is tune and to my show after three o'clock. We have a guest, Ale Brer is going to be here from two to three. But three o'clock, I'll tell them who? Ale Brer Rock. You mean there really is such a person? There you go. We're going to find out. We found out. We're going to find out about the wonderful things like the sawgrass express. I've only been here three and a half years. I've never seen them. You've never met a house. I've never seen them. You'll be here at two o'clock. I'm leaving early. I have an appointment at Flagler for the fifth race. Seriously, I heard there's a hot dog in the fifth race. Anyway, congratulations. Dynamite number. Incredible numbers. Matter of fact, I would challenge in the top 15 markets. Yeah, I'll even stretch your fruit in that. The top 20 markets. Yeah. I'll challenge anybody to find a comparable number on an AM station during those hours in the entire country. Probably G.E. and Chicago. Problems. I've got to go out and call G and ride on. Find out what they got. Yeah. Make it a long call. We've got to build up that long distance bill. Now, what was sunny? Shearing a morning of five, five. A five, five sunny. Yeah. All those little 10-year-olds who don't even know what station they're tuning in. Well, here we are. One more hour, and then Stan Major's going to be along with Alibrara tube. That ought to be really exciting. Are you responsible for that? Try it again. I just do what I'm told around here. Oh, in other words, Stan told you to book Alibrara in a show. Remember, I'm sure Al is a wonderful guy. I've never met him. Have you? You've never met him. Never saw. I've never seen him. We're going to find out if he really exists. Don't you think that the least they could have done? I mean, I know I've said that the weight thing is a problem and I don't want to eat all of the food. But couldn't they have gone out to publics and got one of those party planners and put it in the kitchen now. Wait a minute. Here is their message coming. Here's a message. Maybe they're going to do this. Very and mark are eating it. On other words, they did get one and they're eating it. Are you serious? Oh, no. That's probably true. They probably went out to lunch to celebrate and we're just sitting in here with nothing. Wouldn't that have been a nice gesture instead of the stale cake with a douche bag on it, which is such a, we're not such a mung brain kind of a thing to do. You know, what are they going to go to? We don't even say douche bag on to show much anymore, right? Not much because we've gotten finally gotten rid of most of the douche bags. We're here doing the work that we didn't think we want about them because they're at lunch all of a someplace. No, you can't. We are not supposed to be giving it to management. Don't you understand that? I was told that yesterday and no one certain terms that we have to cool it. We in terms of this attack. We. We. We. As an OUI. Forget it. It says on the screen. Right. So as they say, at windyxie, we are so well. We have a couple of lines on the floor. We have one open line in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, hundred and in Dade. If you speak it in English, six, two, four, nine, four, hundred. You did hear that they're going to put the anti-violin. We'll think on the ballot. You're kidding. So we're going to have to go through all of that all over again. Yeah. Again. How many times we have to do this? The Metro Commission. Every year we have to discuss things subhuman, vulgar, powers. Again. We're going to put it on the ballot. Well, that was on the first reading. They have to do it a second time. And maybe between now and then enough people can call them and raise hell about it. As Bob Laster would say, how would be pressing? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. South Miami, you say what? Yeah, two things. First of all, I took in the gallery a mall. It's always been dead. Absolutely dead. Yeah. There's no formal life there. Right. What were all those people lying to us about last week? I have no idea. I worked there for seven months. And I've never been in a mall that you could hear your voice and from one end to the other. Exactly. It's like going into the Grand Canyon. Exactly. And secondly, last night, my parents were on a Delta flight that went through kind of a tornado storm heading into a hair. And they heard engines shutting off, shutting on, shutting off, shutting on. When they finally got down and landed, the captain came on the loud speaker and said, everybody on board, you should thank God right now world lives because five or minutes and we wouldn't have made it. Oh, boy. Nice thing to tell the passengers. Wow. Unbelievable. That's it. I want to let you know that it won't be a bit of information. Terrific. Well, listen, words to live by, right? Right. Okay. See you later. All right, bye. 11 after one at WI and Z. Don't forget Delta is ready when you are folks. We have three open lines. And day we have an epidemic of open lines in Dade County. No easy engines. We'll turn them off for you. 624. 9400. Well, it's probably true. And our radar is a pretty heavy competition. So after noon, we better, you know, not take anything for granted. Here's a caller in Boko who needs to talk to Glenn about where is his jacket. Boko? They hung up. Thank God. Yeah. So obviously that wasn't for real because if it was somebody in Boko wanted their jacket, they would have hung around. Just another false alarm. Well, I guess we don't have too many people who want to talk about this Chuck Manson thing, huh? What? Should we let him out or keep him in? What do you think? Question for you. Question for you. Get in on the action. Is Donner Rice telling the truth? How big was it? He hasn't taken a poll yet. We do have two open lines in date. We've heard from quite a few date people today. So probably we've exhausted most of those who still speak at the end of the list. But if you do speak English and you're somewhere in date County right now, we certainly invite your participation in this exercise in American democracy. 624. 9400. Wait a minute. Look at all the mail stands getting these days. What do you think this is from the Boko? Open the office. The guy has been fingering that. The guy has no idea. Look at the shape of it. When you stop fingering stands mail, please. West to have an load. You rip off his mail. Westchester. Yeah. I went to the Broadway mall last weekend and I went to buy a table corner. And you wouldn't get to what's on the mall. Well, I have them on tape. So you want to hear it? I have a little portion of it. I had it. Luckily I bought a tape machine and hear it. I didn't listen. Go ahead. Oh, Stan was there. That's great. Okay. Well, I can go vouch for that. He was there. One third team at WI and Z. And we have an open line in each county in day 624. 9400. And he was powered 524. Just for 9400 as we ask our poll question, what do you think about Chuck Manson? Would you like to have him to lunch with Lee and the Twiti Burke? We need to above, loads and despise Neil Rogers. We have joint forces to house the screen from the local airwaves and look at the names on the list. Jack McDermott. Edwin Polk. Dick Kapen. Jim Hampton. Bob Rich. John the Baptist. Lee Foller. Bill Broucher. Rowell Martinez. And funky buyer. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. We left off the names on the other side of the page. Judy Wilson. Father John Joust. Father Joseph McCarthy. Joseph McCarthy. I don't think so. Is that that's his new name now? Archbishop Joseph McCarthy. George Valdez. Steve Clark. Sergio Pereira. Joe Corroyo. Anyacriman. Rick Shaw. Sunny Fox. Gene Steven. Sunny Rosenberg. John Lamello. John Broward. Terry Robbins. John Lamello. Richard. Richard. What? Can't read it. Jed Bush. Rick Ciderman. Barry Schreiber. Aldow. Marley from the beach. Omar C. Alvin. Steve from I'm a beach and Mayor Bob Cox. Very, very good. Excellent. Good mail stand. Okay. Where are we going next to? Holly Wood. Hello. Hey, do a nail. Okay. Captain. Captain. What? Marley. And good. World of Thrones. honey. Manny Lengas. You know that nice thing you got. Did that mean you're the host with the most. Don't count on it. I see that nine and it gets me excited. You know. Yeah. Well, you didn't see where the decimal point was. Tom. Okay. Can I make her request please? Yes. I'd love to hear you. I really would hear a cammy face granted. Good. I'll wrap with you. to play anymore the management starting to get real cowardly now and they've given us a little list of things which were not supposed to play including the Michael Jackson glove which by the way we will continue to play come hell or high water but walk with you know what has been removed that's probably because the people in a programming department can't get a you know what but that's another story along with what you know the go-to-may condom oh yeah well no that was for another reason that was um little problem with the rights on that one okay is that's why you know the condoms are like the ones that are pink and a real bump on them yeah those are great those are really terrific yeah but I was thinking about a riffin's case we'll be real by yourself hello go ahead I'm listening and you know what I stand as a real attitude problem no question about it we need to do something about them send them out I got a place for them and you know what it is they need to get them to the heat for about a week and they have a lot in the water they want to them big fish will take care of them you know they got the second thing out there that's the what I've seen some of those on forward water they'll be okay okay what's out of man well listen I got your piece here now so just go back to the radio and calm down would you please okay okay put your tongue away and have a great day finally but ten record set you've been waiting for cammy phase unbelievable new album here's the rock I crawled out from under I put the seat tings of makeup on then my husband does it with kiss a cow oh baby forward cold and go I will I'm all strong now down boo then p it's all here the headache the headache the pancake rock away just is my face my mascara only raised tummy phase here's the rock that I crawled out from under what you buy my new album if you don't you burn in hell you be the way you thank you god bless you okay 1117 and WIZ and I have a mobile caller on south beach hello hello how are you and you're doing you're going to describe all the exciting activities going on on south beach sir everything you've said it exists out here this is this is ridiculous yeah it's fantastic I listen to you all the time it happened to be over here and this is the opportunity to get on but tell us just like you said what are we I enjoy your show and my relatives and friends are all listening to you know and I'm 40 but 23 24 25 years old so you have a lot of you folks listening you're living and breathing uh rightening okay we appreciate it okay have a good day have a good trip on a beach all right okay pampered pines hello hello why talk to Neil hold on hello yeah waiting for Neil yes okay hold on a minute hello yes good to know hi how are you doing pretty good hey agreed with you if you'll see a part of the morning um well it was driving around then uh uh forget I had it it could chance to get on with you and I agree with you that most people are in their own little dream world and uh they're in their own little cocoon mines yeah like in fabric pines that well I'm probably one of the exceptions since the moment yeah well I used to there I agree with you well that by a lingual it's all probably going through now since the only 37 percent white so now the times probably right to have a new election we'll do it until we get it right you know yeah and no a 37 percent white dot I mean where else could you vote what that um I've been trying to was running actively opposed to a floor right over here where I distributed a thousand flyers spoke at the counter commission meetings and actually you know politics as it would have it yeah uh would go ahead and be funneled the mines of the ignorant by the way somebody sent me an article um I should have saved it but I threw it out about the new base side that they're going to build in uh pemorch pines uh seriously stand is laughing this is serious uh I haven't seen it's true and this is just what we need in pembroke pines is another shopping center yeah we don't have enough itals my shop sent is in well condos yeah a few more strip shopping centers another rub base side and we'll be all set uh exactly now I've been trying to get uh get some support I got a few support it's been on it up to make any difference now they're brain dead over there oh exactly yeah but uh as far as uh people standing up for their rights as far as uh uh coming coming from the York City I've seen neighborhoods good down the tubes where rights moved out black food in is just that earlier I've seen what happened to neighborhoods and I can see that happening now over here where it's predominantly white and you get one of two here and there now I feel that I'm going to spot the infosale signs pop up my neighborhood yeah and the lights moved out the black some move in but the same people are liberals as you mentioned earlier the ones that say well thinking about house and bed is shape the most whites I have in my neighborhood felt that maybe true fit I want a particular person person which may be the exception to a rule but however if there was such desirable neighbors these people professing this would still their house and move to the city and yeah I don't see a lot of that happening to be honest we don't see a lot of white middle and upper class people waiting online to move in a liberty city now that you mentioned it now yeah well that's more in the overtime because actually people are in the little hating if a crit's and uh yeah just uh well seeing our biggest and racist uh the hypocrites they would they would like you and they would like for me to move in the liberty city but they're going to you know they're going to be living in pamper clays I see a lot of people at a push in this and so on and so for what and uh the Jewish community staying there all little segregated area I don't see them race mixing or professing in the racial marriages and like you said I I've seen uh papers uh distributed on the college campus where I have them when also on my window from a white student union and it was also an article reference that from as you would put in the article bomb giving negative publicity on it which I thought newspapers and coverage from whatever organization at D uh we're covered on the first amendment freedom of speech well you don't like it don't read it okay well listen I'm not really sure what you're saying but have a wonderful day 20 human past one at W i n z we have an open line in the day 624 9400 two open lines in Broward 524 9400 which is incredible because the phones have been solid all day until of course Stan came into building look at that frogs in love cause upper in neighborhood is that in your neighborhood or is that in a different one corals springs corals springs probably a few of the their goes they would yepy you feel those corals springs frogs have moved into plantation and Stan and his neighbors are running around screaming bad go is the neighborhood unbelievable okay it's 123 let's take a little break will a hop right back take a trip to Europe without ever leaving the soft floor to soil experience a unique culinary treat the jamey international restaurant in north Miami Beach here you'll find hearty uggus lobby in fair as well as an eclectic international menu served with panausian and elegant atmosphere of starlit ceilings and colorful aquariums feast on the freshest the most succulent lobster that you choose yourself from the lobster tank enjoy steinsam and with the tangy mustard sauce or flavorful grilled salmon with a light creamy dill sauce absolutely delicious indulgeny exquisite rack of lamb marinated in grilled with jamey's own special sauce try the veal chop tender and juicy grilled to perfection and topped with a delicate mushroom sauce the taste is European the flavor absolutely out of this world the jamey international restaurant and unforgettable experience you tell a medaniel roger said jivey for great dining any evening to jamey at 33 63 northeast 160 third street east of biscane boulevard north Miami Beach in cnd personal ons mr more may help you i finally got the new woman in my office complex to go out with me let's nice yeah taking a sailing next weekend you know small boats spectacular sunset bottle why but sounds great yeah except what i don't have a boat oh oh well we can help you with that to see our boat lawns are designed in cnd personal lawns mr more may help you i just saw the best looking thing i ever laid on excuse me at the bus stop it stopped right in front of me it the cutest little sports car ever seen oh i said can i get a car alone today yes ma'am i'll take your application now and you may even have the money by the staff to know for fast answers and simple interest personal loans call n c and b national bag n c and b personal loans mr more may help you yes mr more we need to home and crewman loan hi honey the home improvement loan we're going to need a nursery a nursery oh like for roses and gardenians no or like a baby spread baby spread and c and b national bag equal housing okay 125 w i'm still in two open lines and rower and what we've been really cooking until you know who came into building i'm leaving five two four five five two four niney four hundred and we have somebody in Miami who wants to speak to the vulture yeah go ahead sir yes unless we can make mention that you were you made mention of lakeland did you sleep there or uh that's where i was born sir that's where i grew up that's where he was had play how about that yeah they wrestling capital of florida that's not that it's not that bad likeland's very nice you've ever been there all get out of here it's not very nice it's not very good there what school florida oh sure florida something college yeah very nice and quiet and it's a horrible place yeah out of here you have fond memories of lakeland don't you yeah it's very very slow up that sure yeah but different in Miami oh yeah yeah i like to go up there for about three days and all come back and have a good time now you hear people actually speak to you on the oh yeah redna they speak to you all right like what are you doing it out that now it was very you don't look like one of us let's go get him leeroy that's a very nice time uh uh went up there the visit and the service up there in the restaurant was so much different to down here they actually spoke to you and uh spoken with mayor fact yeah well listen pretty nice up there and want to move to lakeland good luck to you sir i don't really like sighting town back but uh i just want to enter maybe it's a nice place to drive through it about seven day but uh you know it's about it you wouldn't want to get out it's a good place to go relax you might want to go through the drive through it Burger King and get 10 of those burger bundles now they have a steak and shake and lakeland oh yeah i like i've always like lakeland a lot have you had any of those burger bundles by the way oh boy you don't like them they're like bird droppings well you know the reminisce and of the old no they're not boy oh no they're not white cam no they're not they're supposed to be but they're not you think they have you had any sir no no you know what we're talking about don't you Burger King has these little tiny burger bundles they call them which are little they're about the size of a bird dropping little little cheese burgers and they'd like impacts of three or six rear six pack and if you're smart and you're really hungry you'll get like about 20 of them because 20 of them comprise about an 18th of a wopper or something they're horrible so sir we'd like you to try some and call this back and report on that okay yeah we understand they're big and lakeland by the way so still live a totally call back okay pretty a lot yeah they have crystal in lakeland also i love crystal in Tampa they do I know in Tampa they do I don't land or they do if I didn't know I would have asked do they have a Tampa they might in Lake amazing how you want your questions with non-secretors you asked if they have a m in lakeland in Tampa they do well Tampa is not lakeland i say probably but i'm not 100% positive yeah well we're going to get on a book called Mike Miller and find out my need be chillo oh no you hold on a minute hold on we have a mobile phone call or who's in heat hello hello how you doing good how are you okay good i just wanted to uh wait a minute where are you calling i want to tell sand that uh where are you calling from from bokeh okay i wanted to tell sand that the time Dick and Harry Tom was great yesterday well that's the last time you'll hear that one sir and i wanted to request a song from you the pop smoke dope yeah that one will get on okay thanks a lot okay now probably today i'll get a memo at two o'clock saying i can't believe we can play the pop smokes dope but we can't play walk with the you know what i see i've died and Florida out there on the uh are you gonna play that i've heard that a long time smoke smoke smoke smoke it's in there i didn't you played earlier today yeah where to go well we put them in that rack and they where's the pop Danny's from the face of okay well while i'm looking for it my me beach i'm sorry I did that to you hello okay now listen i have a question to ask you about this bilingual wisdom thing uh in the event our weak needs commissioners allowed us to go for referendum in March and all our assimilated Hispanics both to repeal the current ordinance which means that in day county any farm language will do all happen when this drive for Florida English is pez and i'm sure will be pez in 1988 or this is later right here well that aggregate this a day county thing will be us okay one one thirty a w i and g let's go to north bay village hello yeah and it's not down a rice meal sorry listen meal yeah a couple of holes back you had some guys some else mucco uh wait wait wait a minute wait a minute what what do you mean that's what are the seven words what did i say why don't you just call them a schmendric okay yeah okay i want to tell you something if you want to see be here be here your a she come over to north bay village is see what happened here good little mucco quality i've seen it i've seen it lately yes well i want to tell you something it's grim i think i'm gonna move to south beach yeah well i do anything to get away from i odio but they're on tell you that i want to tell you something mail you can you could take my amy beach you know where i'm going that's where i'm going lakeland where's that but that guy what do you say i could make it i run to two hours for that they can maybe something maybe uh change a life or something look it could any of the last 10 colors it could have been that okay so don't worry about it i want to do something mail is getting uh it can't get better it can't get worried it's got to get better yeah well i'm not going to talk about this anymore tomorrow because it's too depressing this is not a depressing color right now i don't know you know who i meant yeah i sure did yeah don't talk about our programming department that way will you please are you still there are you uh now she's gone she's gone great she's up she's up to else muck us pebble legs can you please bring us back to reality yeah that's what i'm going to attempt to do new yeah please i'm really concerned with your uh Michael Jackson jokes here the man is working extremely hard trying to buy the elephant man's skeleton and i think he's got enough on his mind without his white glove being uh the object of uh everybody's uh ridicule i mean i would really hope that his his uh one goal to get the skeleton doesn't doesn't doesn't depress him let alone all this other talk i don't see it hello i'm here i'm looking for something he's setting you up anyone yes nail and i've enjoyed your show it's excellent and uh but i do want to say Pemberg Lake is a great place to live in it's uh beautiful we've got plenty of shopping every day there's more and more shopping available there is a date missing from this rack sir so hello i'm still here but there's a tape missing from my rack oh well no i didn't take it honestly um you have to look all over that's not it well hello still here sir oh okay there is a tape i'm going to say it for the third time missing from the rack which one do you think it is um i have no idea i'll give that to you i hope it's not the one about Michael Jackson but i really do hope that he does get to get to get the elephant man's skeleton i mean that's that's to me is one of uh likes is great into the pleasures nail what do you think of you you think you really don't like Pemberg Lake i love Pemberg Lake's beautiful places yeah yeah when what they need there is probably like you know basside but my only quite yeah we don't have enough shopping here yeah what you need a more strip shopping centers i just want to know do you know where how to get to the beach from Pemberg Lake you can't get there you have that i don't think people realize they're in Florida alabrero will be on stan show it too it'll be glad to explain it to you you have to get on a plane without well we have a major crisis here at winds and it's a good thing for management that it's so 134 and not uh ten o'clock in the morning because there seems to be a tape missing from kerosel number one now it is possible it not very likely but it is possible that it could be in kerosel number two right so instead of both of you acting like dummies over there why doesn't one of you looking kerosel number two and i'm looking in the window at the reflections of both of you perusing desperately and uh i have a feeling it's not there right because there were two copies of it could be a major problem a serious problem developing in the next twenty five minutes in fact there could be twenty five minutes of dead air i don't care means nothing means absolutely nothing you found it you found it how is it isn't it interesting that all three of us kept looking and looking and looking and we couldn't find it on the thing unbelievable comedy oh well we could find no wonder okay now of course those of you in the audience we want you to take note that you are not hearing this because we are not permitted to play this on the air hello this is Michael Jackson urging you to help stop the spread of social disease don't risk your life by heading a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar coins i urge you to do like i do go at a loan but make sure you wear protection that's why i recommend the Michael Jackson gloves one on either hand the Michael Jackson glove add to the security in peace of mind that i need to do with myself so remember before you put it on put it on and Michael Jackson glove proving once again that a bird on a hand is better than one in the bush a battle than sick one models for extra stimulation a Okay, let's take some sound. I know I'm not. Okay. I think your show is disgusting and it doesn't stand for anything decent. The wire you listening to at you, Miss Fett? Because I'm switching over to Steve Knalees. Okay, good. Good for you, pal. You're exactly the kind of listener he needs. A miss Fett. Do you believe that? I mean, it's only a 140 and you have to know that the guy was on so much grandma boon or boon in the box. Let's go to Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes. Oh, I was just calling the senator about the fourth guy that called before me. I was talking about the niggle. About one? I have the niggle. No, he didn't say niggle. Nobody said niggle on the show until you did. He didn't say niggle, man. Okay. He was talking about between black and white. Yeah, he didn't say niggle. Why did you use that word? Because I thought that, I found this on the still right. I thought he said you had a sign on his call saying, I'm talking about the niggle. I didn't hear exactly what was the artist at this time. I read it for a while. Why don't you must be listening to a different show that I am? No, I'm not listening to show. In now, you get into the point that, um, well, God made us all to me. God made us all. Oh, yeah, right. Black blue green. Yeah. And when this world comes to an end, it's not going to be a place for the white in a place for a black and black or play for a green or whatever. Yeah. Everybody going to be there together. Yeah. The artist where you want to be there or not, everybody going to be there. We all going to be there. That's right. We all be here now and when we die, we all be there. And get along here on earth. Kind of where the expect to be along will be headed. Right. Terrific. Very good. Excellent. The rationale of the whole problem. We solved it almost immediately. Folks, no more racial tension. No more problems in South Florida. Thanks to a very astute caller. Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Let me try one more time. Yes. Yes. Congratulations. Thank you all. At this point, with these calls, what does it mean? Yeah. I know. Well, the last one, let's go over and listen to Steve. I think before long, I owe these going to have to ask for a rebate on earth. Yeah. No question about it. There. I mean, the sky's getting ridiculous. Just repeating the same format ahead with all the same old tired garbage and we don't talk about him. Really. Listen, I want to ask you, did you happen to hear the resolutions they put before the UN on the Iran war? No. That they want to cease fire. And George Schultz's introduced a second resolution. If that one fails, which is to ask all countries to put an embargo on arms to Iran. Terrific. That's a little empty. Yeah. We want to put an embargo on here where. Well, exactly. That's because we want to make sure that the general seagulls can sell them all himself and Mr. Hakeem. We want to make sure they get all the profit. Exactly. Just American capitalism, that's all. I just don't believe the things that they did. They got the girls that come on and ask other countries to do these things and then put this all over the war. Were we doing that before? Were we we're we chastising all the other countries and admonishing them not to sell any arms to Iran and we were doing the same thing? And now we got the gold that come back and ask for it again. Of course. That's really incredible. No, I do run a congratulating. Listen to all the time. Neil, I've got a lot of people turn on you. I mean, you're sure. So to speak. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. 143 at WI and Z. Hello. Hello. Goodbye. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hello Neil. How you doing today? Okay. How you doing? I'm in there. Okay. First of all, I might say I ordered my boss. He's in the next room. Let's in your ship. Just for the heck of it. Okay. Secondly. Is that all you want to tell him? No, he recognized my voice. Isn't there something else you'd like to say to him? He could get busy, but you know that's beside the point. That you might not want to say to his face that they might sound good over here. There's nothing I would say to his face. I would say behind his back. Okay. In other words, you need to job as what you're saying, right? Well, yeah, it's nice to, you know, the pays nice. It's good to have money coming in. Yeah. Even if he is a little bit of a... Schmendrick. He just gets excited. Okay. But you know, bosses are like that, right? Of course. Not our bosses here. They're always in a coma. They never get excited. No kidding. Yeah. Well, maybe mine should be in a coma every now and again. That way you can relax. Okay. I want to wrap on my mistake, mission. Okay. Why did these people approve the zoning changes in Strip Center and Tendell when we're Assaulted, elbows and cars down there now? Why did they do things like that? Do you want to stop and think about what you just said. Assaulted, elbow. Have you stopped and really thought about that? Can you visualize that in your own mind? I said five years in the Marine Corps. What is this guy, contortionist? Listen. If you're from the service, you know what asshole, elbow me. Okay. Are you calling for this show or for Stan's show? Because I noticed the last few days now. We started getting these misfits. I'm not saying you're a misfit. Oh, well, I'm close, I think. I think you're borderline. But we're starting a lot of of Stan's callers from like about one, one o'clock, one, fifteen. They start rolling or trolling in. And it really has a dramatic change in the thrust of the show. All right. Yeah. Maybe I should, you know, hang up and call later? No, no, this is fine. You can call later on Stan's show and just repeat the whole call. I would just interest it, make in your opinion about the MIMI-MITED Commission and why they keep approving. Forget about him. Will you please forget about politics in his town? Forget about him. Forget about him. I know, but you see if you forget about him then they walk on you. Well, that's okay. No. Just laid out on the ground and let him walk on you. Yeah, right. I have nothing real life. You can't let these commission. Why are they keep approving stuff like that? They keep approving strip centers and can't keep getting. First of all, can I say something to you in all honesty? The MIMI-MITED Commission is nothing to do with Kendall. Kendall is part of unincorporated day. That's the Metro Commission. Better Commission. Okay. So if you're going to step on somebody, step on their right people. I mean, the MIMI-MITED Commission doesn't speak at any place. So leave them alone. Oh. Yeah. Well, I'm here to stay. So, me too. I'll have to wait until they're here. Can you there? And learning is for go home. Okay. Buenos dias. Howdy Oats. 0.7. To a 4-3. From 10 AM to 3 PM, 18 to 34. Of course, that's so we have all these young living and breathing people on. Which is why we have a lot of funeral parlors on the air. Of course. A lot of nursing homes. They're any nursing homes out there that want to advertise. We'll be delighted to put you on the air. Because that's our audience. Of all those, a 4-3 and 18 to 34. Howdy like that. No, they're not teenagers. Okay. No, 12 to 17 is teenagers in Arbitron, Lingo. Okay. When are you going to come into the real world? Huh? When are you going to break out of this lefthargic mindset that you got into it? Gloves 94 for all those years. When are you going to come back and be with us? Those are the members of the living. When? When's it going to happen? Or is it too late? You're sitting here making gutter all sound. Teenagers. Yeah. Move. Like this. You know. Unbelievable. We ask him for, you know, certain numbers and a book. He goes like, it's me weekends. I don't care about the weekend because after this Saturday, I'm not working weekends anymore anyway. Whether they like it or not. Don't you think it's about time that some of us stood up for our rights? Slave labor is illegal in the United States. Does Wally Phillips work on a weekend? No. Does Howard Stern work on a weekend? No. Does Irene Richard work on a weekend? No. Does Sunny Fox work on a weekend? No. Does Bill Tanner work on a weekend? No. Does Mike Miller work? No. Again, same answer. No. Color on a mobile? Yeah, this is a bell. How you doing, LeBelle? Oh, fair, man. How round you? Is this Patty LeBelle? No. Just LeBelle Florida. Okay. How y'all doing in LeBelle? We're surviving. You doing well in LeBelle? Well in LeBelle. That's well. Poor folks that couldn't manage to stay in the county. I lived there from 45 to 82. Well, I don't play. You got out just at the right time. Right. But I want to make a comment about this. Tell the thing that nobody's even mentioned. I don't really want to put any blame on anybody. Okay. But you know that tell it is an onion you're not like. It's never had a onion. And there is an awful lot of people that have been trying over the years to get them to go onion. Yeah. Do you think there's a little sabotage here? I wouldn't say that, but it's just something to think about. In other words, you think that they're purposely blowing out the tires. You think the pilots are kamikazeys? Well, you never know. I mean, there's nothing. There hasn't been no real accidents. There's just been a lot of clothes. Yeah, that's true. Well, show is something to think about. We'll check it out for you. It's the eight minutes before two at WI and Z. Boy, my glad this day is coming to an end. I knew that did I say at the beginning of the show. Did I not say it to you? It was going to be a real dream. I mean, it's almost four hours now. And I feel like I've been here. It's like a marathon. I feel like I've been on the air for 20 hours. At least, maybe longer. Okay, we do have one more break to take, right? I pray. And we'll come right back. Let me in. Okay, we got all of this now. This should be the Bob Lancet or Memorial Show today. Because it was all very depressing. And we got it out of the way. And we also in this last hour. I got a lot of stands, miss fits calling in early. Now why don't you explain to you? Why don't you explain to me? Why don't you explain to me? Why don't you explain to me? Why don't you explain to your listeners that your show starts at two. And that at that time your gross end until four. Your callers can begin calling in into a clock. No, because lately, last few days have been starting to call in early. That's great. And they're in coherent. Because your callers always call me until six anyway. They're in coherent. Well, after we end, congratulations. After yesterday and all those right wing leanings coming back to the surface again. It's very obvious. Well, I have to think myself therapy. You know, once in a while, I have a Jordan little syndrome strike the charge. My battery. So to just like in fact, it was even quoting from Pat Buchanan. One of America's foremost. You told me you don't think I yesterday. I heard bits and pieces. And as a matter of fact, the reason I didn't hear most of it is because of what I did here. I'll let the fascist cry. Oh, I see. Well, the good part started at four. Did it really when we had the livens, the singles call. Well, that's a colleague with me. Must have started four because he was gone in and I was gone by then from the radio. I told you that. We hear all the blue hair, lady called in and wanted to tamp a taffe back or whatever name is. Yeah. You know, and one of the specialties. I did hear that call. I was taffe's audience. So I made her happy. I programmed my, I stopped whatever I planned and I programmed my old program. I'm going to wait the audience. Exactly. Blow away, I'm all. Okay. Well, when the summer book comes out, you'll be able to use that. That'll be a good excuse. That's what I'm going to say. Okay. That and it allows you to top it, you lead me. By the way, I got a great subject about Manson, which I'll pass along to you. But Alibra is going to be in here first. Well, I don't see him yet. Is he not in the building? I don't know. Well, he probably landed at the wrong airport. I'm telling you. Well, he's probably landed at home instead Air Force Base. Maybe he's bucking to work for Delta. Exactly. Good idea. Are you going to be here at 3 o'clock? I'll be around. I'd like you to be around. I'm going to bring you a little food and nothing too fatning. But I've eaten nothing all day. A zero. But all those people who don't. Don't you think when you get a nine share, they got to bring something in. Like maybe from the unicorn something helpful. At 305, I will tell people what this management should do with your nine share. Okay. Well, I'm going to tell them what to do with it right now. You've been listening to the Neil Roger show. The views and opinions expressed on this program are those of the host guests and callers and are not necessarily.