or 0707 the crankers in deer field are starting again at monkey business up there just amazing this morning. The people seem to be getting ready for a wild weekend. A wild weekend of course this is the time of the year middle in the end of February and the first weekend march that's the highlight that's that's it right that's the whole year in South Florida and then of course we go night back to peace and tranquility and it's real quiet all a tourist goal away and all the college kids go up today tone and we can just you know we can just kind of a shrill up and die together in peace and quiet there's something to be said for that isn't and I heard the FM blasting away up in the front into the atrium today so there's something going on up there that isn't quite kosher what are they trying to do just get a last saver the last few sounds of that music is that it couldn't believe it I think it was right near that promotion often. She would have been gracious as a straight instrumental trust me. I live here on the knees of the hall in Dale is a people that are driving themselves Dale. Please give them candies with their chances to hide. They can't sit at home no matter how they try. Blueheads, both men tall folks, very very special herbrede by fees near their folks winning anything messy they're about to lower chain of street new organizationalmit now Is out the door it goes big versus stuffing back friends made with grocery stories with tins hebelown. All the folks in Maladele with their cars stacked up for low A fortune show them right at checking the re-owner's way They gave them to miles A trip to last all day A muck shit Roof up Famous in junior rages shown when radio The end is all that stupid comments from their mouth flow They fit to the down council about this all-for-mails And wonder when the rush is said these things about how it will I want to tell you one thing I want to get caught dead in how it will now I know, good luck Well, we're excited to see how the end of the farm again He's going to climb all the tower this time after hearing you believe that? Is that incredible? Shameless is MoTuck would say shameless Or 0707 in Broward or 64-0191 in day Oh, now here again is Neil Rogers 107 at W1's evil I just heard some real gossip about Lee Fowler And about crank calls and about termite inspectors and boy Are we going to have some fun with that? I believe it? Can you hear me? Yeah I'm lying, yes You're there, I was on record teasing They have a son in some of the actors who understand pipe And then they have to tell us about elevator music You understand hear that up front elevator music is on the way out Wouldn't it be just our luck to pick up on it just when it's on the way out? That's like a guy opening up a disco tomorrow, you know? Ha ha ha ha Maybe that's going to be the new format This go 95! Hey Wouldn't that be good? Ha ha ha ha I can just see Harry Casey over there And all those other exciting things Whatever happened all those guys You know that big music recording thing over there And was it in Miami Lakes or Highly? Yeah, I was in the summer over there Well, it was hot guys we're doing all that stuff I want to say hot guys because I've seen them But you know they were hot They're too Miami cars with a hot dubbing They're all the streets fighting crime They're not in a game, they're there Yeah, yeah, yeah You sure have that no one who works for a really reputable Like an insurance company, you know? They're so ethical and so reputable We'll do something like that, right? Okay, let's go to Hollywood Hello Huh? Hello, Neil? Yes sir Oh, you're done today Great, how you doing? Good, well, not actually not that good My radio is turned to your station yet for about 3.30 And that lady that comes on path to you What's the name? Duffin was good or whatever it is Uncle Tom? Yes She was talking about people who bring in our diseases to this country Really? Yes And she was mentioned in We know that it's to make us He means she was after those foreigners again Hi, and I'd just like to know What is this we bring? So I have an appointment, this even that tree could go and get checked No, what should I ask is Dr. Delupor? As you know, you work with this organization Maybe you're first some kind of rumor on there You mean you have the well we have? You mean from that island of Jamaica? Yes Did she? Is it going to notice what I'm seeing? What kind of disease were supposed to have? Well, I think she's doing a show on that today Because she said yesterday, and I didn't get much sleep last night You know, not going with, you know Okay, I think I missed I miss Red Her promo card I think it's the outward bomb program that she's got in mind for all the foreigners Outward bomb That's for the cruise ships that she's hiring To put all the foreigners on I hope she gets on it first Well don't forget, she's going on a trip to France in May With her audience, maybe we can take up a collection and keep them there Well just in case later on you hear of what disease we're supposed to have You wouldn't mind putting it on the airways Oh absolutely, you'll be the first one to know And I think you're doing a great job, excellent program And I'm one of these minorities that still isn't here Thank you The air laughs to do Ross did you You want to hear it? Yes, why not You won't be offended by that Well hey What's life like if you can't have a joke I can't be offended, but we'll listen after hearing Taffy show Nothing should offend you right? I'm telling you, that was just a tragic mistake That I had it on after your program Yeah, well don't make that mistake again Definitely not Okay, see you later if we can't get into each of our lines We can mix the cake All the other things that we're dont Yeah You can't be wrong You can't be right Yeah The me, ask to you, ask to like, ask to you, ask to you, I, ask to you, I say I a night, I see what you're doing, I'm not that off the dark, I like Jimmy Cliff, and I like a smoke as swift, I like my super-a, I am a unit type of guy, ask to me, ask to you, ask to like, ask to, ask to you, ask to you, oh my lord, yes, ask that to me, I like gacha tsu and I hide the motorbike. chicken soup with honey, the luck, that's what I like, happy skating crepes, And give this a fish Last much more might be Rustling Rustling Rustling Rustling Rustling Rustling Rustling I want to tell you Rustling Christmas Left Rustling Rustling We close with Tous Rustling Last Sticking Let's just go Because by Collide But it didn't Because it isn't I just thought That So