any inciting from asian but the all the information I get is that the that my uh... has been his time so firmly implanted that they they love them over there so soon we've been trouble hunt that uh... you know that the bob rich and then my can't any leave the shoes outside their office and i'm as breaks uh... you know might know that comes out and signs them up good and you know anything else may have so in the run back in dozens programs suppose that the guide doesn't belong on the air i mean you could now know what they mean when they say my knoor speaks with for yeah i mean over here as you know that i've been here before and i said well he isn't that bad i listen to him from time barrisely as jara isn't embarrassed he's he's an ambrick tiny like amateur out of him amateur hour and you know this whole thing with a wide you think that going to the york tomorrow because they have in dot him you know they've probably got the secretaries over their signing petitions like crazy so they have at least a respectable number he had six weeks to ask people who can be opposed to bringing the super ball to my honey any can't even get that uh... really so i would say he'd be the one to go but now uh... if they put came to the six that certainly would seem not way right they've got sending out ten to two gentlemen let me ask if this question you really believe that a guy who is making a lot of money and who is got a pretty firm position in the afternoon because he's got really has had no competition do you think that he's gonna leave one station and go to another for any amount forget the amount without a head of time having some agreement or what time he's going to be on the air you really right that i do i think because of the time you know the kind of money he's paying him they do just about any you know he would he doesn't know i mean he's barely honest with me i said you still is never lied to me unlike farla and he told me honestly doesn't know he told me what he wants he says he wants to do two to six and he said that you know that he's heard talk that they'd like him to do ten to two and and i would both agree that that would be a mistake because you just don't fire you know you best can and against your best can and that doesn't make sense by the way in the next hour following cms news at eleven i want all you people even you radio people are listening this morning to call everyone you know because we have another major coup and you're gonna be here to cover it exclusively for the my men's what is that we have the debut of qs twice which is the sequel to halloween deal vise i don't know if you call this with that violators on you uh i think so what it because i think he would call if it didn't i don't know well Steve if you want to call it a jeopardy i said about it you call in but if Steve does want to call we certainly we would put him right on the ear when we oh yeah if stand up we know that stevers listening there's no question you told me you're gonna be like a bet your life oh he told you he's not me he'll be listening he'll stevers a big fan of mine he won't admit it and i do read it was listening for me i do forget that i do recall when at first one on in the daytime he said in the beginning he thought it would be real close neck and neck and that alan i would you know battle for the audience then he later on retracted that said that i couldn't cut it in the daytime you know that all i had was those old condo commandos i wonder if he's gonna change his tune on that way in it if i can go on io d if he's employed by endws why cony co that's right excellent point i think the president was said yesterday Steve so if you want to call in we would certainly put you on your immediately for a you to give us the load on in fact what other station in the market would promote yeah some means it's gonna be on another station he might even be a competitor in his time slot but uh we have thick skin here we're not you know thin skin wimps we're just thick skin wimps here at w i n z okay so we have that big exclusive coming up thanks to uh mark mostly i can't believe it marks gonna be doing a lot of stuff for us and days to come after yesterday boy did he have a heated go around with the marlin bayley yesterday was incredible even athlete bayley was involved in that thing and the jury bayley was writing in the JD bayley yeah i think he was he recovering yeah he want to raise this so i'm going to come back because he was injured he's back he want to raise this good well we're gonna talk horse racing later took us the derby's coming up and times going to go back to winter and hockey uh last night what are depressing night i mean we're last at a in one year in a hockey game and why don't you get more to turn on oh that's my second well that's good but my wolf wants the new as well and then the world news from CBS 11 we can keep going and then we'll come back with Tom Jika with Key West vice with Von Jovi and uh all of that other good stuff and some departant the talk show host at 1106 go ahead put a little excitement in your life listen to Neil Rogers midday standard two only on w i n z i m e f i m e f to moth at each other but ladies and gentlemen we go to the end of the year to bring you the top radio talk show talent i can't believe that we have a celebrity online three Steve how you doing Neil hey Steve how you doing it's great talking to Tom how's it going great one time huh and literally i can't believe this man i'm off the air for a month and he stole one of my sponsors when into with lakes the carriage hell yeah you well listen between now in the middle of July baby you better watch it you're well that's right there i'm a recreation center of the full time social direct captain crab may take you away by the middle of July so how you do what are you doing with all the spree time it is so fantastic in fact it's a new truth i'm kind of sorry i only had a three month no compete i would have liked that at six months it has taken me the first month just a unwigned and relaxed i'm so milled out nobody even knows me they say you can't be Steve but uh got rid of all the tension i spent some time i know you love this Neil up at the sister school oh my god and days up they're getting my head shrunk great and uh i saw you on CNN yet i looked like uh little tiny head on this big body was incredible i haven't seen it yet i at least i would give me a tape and i haven't had a chance to play it although i don't think we can say head on the year anymore can we oh really no this one i wanted to get one before we started when it said the record straight in a couple of things please i'm said number one uh in in terms of my leaving wnws i was not unhappy at wnws at all i had in fact i really enjoyed working over there uh the problems were financial between us and uh that was basically the reason i left the other thing which nobody can believe especially my wife is that i get one really well at least i'll i know i'm the only person in the world but uh Leonardo friends i love it well it sounds like sand he gets along with him pretty well i haven't given that very well could be yeah in fact if i were your wife i'd be getting real nervous because you and lee in sandy now that could be a real interesting trifecta there well he uh she thinks he's the uh this is the just a guess of the and we're going to get more very perceptive one his wife is the right on target for why i like lee fallabies fun i i do and in fact i can't leave among i'm i'm is friendly with lee as it's possibly possible to be with lee because he doesn't let anybody too close but i think he's a i i loved working for him i was gonna line that we never had any problems and the other thing is uh with uh well these terrible things you keep saying about my cantany i've spent uh some time with him and he's a real gentleman a very nice guy in the world this uh terrible wrap comes from on well i i only speak from what i know it's gone on at that station and the brutal way he's treated a lot of the people there uh it's a brutal business you know car you know that well yeah but it's it it can be some humanity and it people uh you know the music i love it what is this this is a love fast ladies and gentlemen this is my lady i gotta tell you it's it's fun being here i've been listening to the show every time i'm a he has i used to tell people i'm the talk of holly can when i'm not on i'm always listening and i loved an erection you've taken the show it's really fun and exciting and the entertainment philosophy of course is one that i've always believed in and i think it's doing great and i congratulate you and you're numbers thank you well what do you think of the FCC saying uh today that you i initially when it came out i was very very offended by and very upset by my spoken and fact on a couple television i'm so desperate to uh get rid of my creative juices i've had a resort to tell them it's great if you wait a minute can you say create juice on this show no you guys have dirty minds i can't believe that that's not us the FCC say uh well but anyway i have the more i see uh of the way see and everything depends upon how station management across countries going to deal with this thing the ruling in itself is sort of an obvious it's just a question of where they're going to go with it in other words if they decide to plant down don't you think it'll have the chilling effect that the FCC wants it to have evidently it hasn't so far from what i'm hearing i was listening to how this morning and he was reading something from the uh uh the broadcast publication saying that my let's say it when a talk show is or or a you know a music show is very very successful you're talking about hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars and uh uh arms was in fact neokits tell you about this i mean when you get uh you know when you get good numbers and you're very very strong management i know management doesn't love neok but uh how can you say that's oh because i know you're not level when it comes to working with management but the fact is you're making them a lot of money and they're not going to mess with you it can't spare loves me i would have said something yo how was you like to work for a guy like loucron right now i love loucron loucron the one of the greatest guys i have a wall the only man ever thrown the out of a studio you're kidding really oh yeah right on the air you threw me out it no that what did you see what the system is horrible i can't believe that stevens on here canonizing all of the radio douchebag that can't believe this is incredible steve it was the day that Neil had the seeds and i was sitting there just as an observer and i would crone came in and he says i'm gonna have to ask you to leave now i says i'm here i'm sitting there with my heart's mountain bird seed and louis convinced that it was pot seeds and was having a nervous breakdown that i was gonna lose the license i was right before i got here yeah but i i did one of the differences between the one i's i i had sort of a management kind of person i i've been i started this business as a producer so i understand a lot of management's problems and i've always i mean there are exceptions i didn't get a one particularly well with neok rock off but Steve you're gonna get along real well with Mike nella the way you're talking well my husband but i i mean i don't want to get you know kill him i'm waiting for that i heard the answer but no i heard from the people of i odde that Steve was sharpening up his tongue for coming back on here but i didn't think they meant for this come on steve i know why he was just because i'm an easy going guy doesn't mean that i'm an easy going guy well i will say this i must confess that when Steve first came to the market and i'm not really sure at what point it changed but Steve was like a maniac i mean he was just like compulsive and hyper he almost dishyper his al and then all of a sudden something happened and i don't know whether it was the marriage or whether it was the leaf powder or something happened i sure it's true i mean just became like mr. mellow mr. establishment it's just incredible i wouldn't i wouldn't go that for almost i did go well i did go them the marriage did change me well i was very frustrated angry and i just come off a very bad relationship when i got down here and i when i'm angry and frustrated i do have a tendency to take it out on my show you know but i uh i have no it's somewhat but i mean i still know what it is to get nasty i think well what does that mean is i mean when you come back on your way can you expect which okay which Steve can we expect i can tell you there the date county steve or the brownard county steve i can i can tell you this i can't i'm not going to be like i was in you know when i first got here because i'm not that person anymore but i can give you a little insight has been a lot of speculation about whether you know w rodo he was going to tone me down and because they have had let's face it very conservative image boring yeah planned well i'm trying to terminal diplomatic but uh in my discussions with mike he is very anxious for me to uh you know he said you know whatever you want to do you just go for it and they're not going to inhibit me and they want me to be as you know as uh outrageous as I feel comfortable with being so i did there's going to be no censorship and no turning me down and i'm kind of looking for it that the other thing that i love in the one i think you'll love this too is you know there was a ever since you moved into mornings against now yes uh there was a moratorium passed on you know i'm going back and forth with you on the air and on the tacking you were yeah issue with you which i hate it because i mean i think some of the best shows that uh i've done and i think you too i think we we enjoy playing off each other a lot and i love going after you we're playing off it right if you say that yeah figuratively speaking on like what do you say some of those things that are uh perhaps you know now you need somebody to keep you in touch with reality and i was not like to do that and it but you i don't need to take in the gloves off they say if you feel you know if Neil gets out of line you can feel free to go right after him so it'll be fun great i know you look forward to that as much as i do okay now what what what what is this going to happen in the morning or in the afternoon steve at this time told you spoke with time yesterday it's still up in the air i kind of see now i have difficulty believing that i mean i know you would not lead us down the go i do i wouldn't allow you i know that but i just find it difficult to believe that you would negotiate and grant you their pain you a ton of money and i really mean it what i say more power to you because i i am what you say about management i'm not a management type person i think that most management miss business leads talent they get whatever they can't out of you and then when they're ready to scarred you they couldn't kick her less what happens to you so i'm delighted if you get a half a million more power to you but i can't believe that you would negotiate that kind of a deal without knowing up front when you were going to be on by the country in fact i'm putting very well uh when i negotiated the deal which i did which by the way i i see i agree with you and i'm not that management is ever what you would call black me but i mean i think this is a business i think you have to negotiate your worth otherwise you don't you know they're you have to admit if if w and w i's gonna find me for twenty five thousand dollars they would have been glad to do that yeah but i i think the salary thing i i think is something that will benefit all of us because i i we have a ten as you were as a time you said it great yeah run a ragans the rising tide lifts all the ships for sure yeah and i think it certainly will benefit all of the the major talent certainly in this area but uh yeah and i told uh mike when what already has David Gold said he won't come back for a penny less than you make hope he doesn't hang by his thumbs until that happens yeah but i hope he does in my discussions with mike Anthony and and you know he's a good i find might be very open and very you very i mean i have worked with him extensively but i have he he's i told him i said listen i'd be glad to tell you you know what i think but when you're getting paid this coming they don't pay me this kind of money to make uh you know management decisions as far as i'm concerned they want me to do overnight that this price up were that happy to so i really was not for what they do when they want to get rid of you what that's what they do when they want to get rid of you you know i i don't concern myself too much with that my feeling is that uh as much as i mean there is a part of me that is always wanted to go up against you nilka's gonna be fun i think it'd be a good good match but the point is why split that audience in my i'm just giving you my thinking that's certainly not the management of i-o-d not sure but i'm the thing is if i go on like this climate convenient you know to have your audience join me too but i mean that's that's well i need to have me with what and leave to have me well i might have some problems with taffy i don't know it might be difficult by the way you are prongles at that quick lady why we speak only the truth on this show it can you i've got to ask you this what is taffy like orf the er i got me off the air she's delightful we get along great she came in at two yesterday she said i don't want you to think that it was me because i don't have any problem with anything you say and i think it's all very funny and uh so on and so forth she doesn't understand it's all you know i mean it exactly but uh no we get along great well it's interesting i got to tell you it's it's gets very uh why aren't you surprised the lion she was a black woman Steve i heard that no i of course not i got to matter fact i'm pleased you related to robin quivers did you know that yeah i got to be very honest i really don't i i draw you know i tried with everybody i can only make it about five minutes into taffy shows and i keep turning back hoping that something will happen that will hook me in but so far that has well what happened to Lee in the ratings i wonder because Lee uh had some serious problems in here fact we might give Steve the hour by hour break down you know the book is in love to hear that yeah would you like to hear it out for like from what nine a.m. to three p.m. but i'm what i'm really interested how many like three to seven is what you want to hear to sound too commercial though it i'm really interested into the twenty five to fifty four numbers great well it's unfortunately a kiss beat out in twenty five to fifty four i had a six share in men twenty five to fifty four uh go go through the day let me hear you have you can break it with me because i've been listening and i haven't heard the uh a breakdown i have you and i can be a rundown okay i'll tell you why can't you get a whole lot of minute right you're not going to worry are you don't have a work i'm going to know until July 1 but you they got to pay you for this right yeah oh my god after they're just you know i get some living expenses out of the kindness of their hearts they're paying you to keep your silence every very nice to me great okay hold on a second this is Steve Kane uh mister in limbo in talk radio it's 1119 to WI and Z when we come back we unveil for the first time anywhere the exciting new numbers all next week on thirty nine to twenty two it's eleven twenty two it's WI and Z the land of the free and the home of the grave Steve Kane is standing by now this is a momentous occasion isn't it yeah i love it it's exciting okay at nine a.m i can't give you the shares on twenty five to fifty four because they're not on this page i do have the uh numbers of people average quarter hour which make it terminal for the audience but i'll try to do my best okay just give the regular numbers whatever okay nine a.m. WI and Z four point two these are shares of the audience WNWS 5.2 at that WIOD 4.0 10 o'clock WI and Z 8.5 are you thirsty I'm working WIOD 2.7 WNWS 2.8 11 a.m. WI and Z 8.1 WIOD 2.5 WS news 2.9 noon 12 noon WI and Z 7.1 WIOD 2.3 WNWS 2.2 oh my god one o'clock WI and Z 7.0 WIOD 2.3 WNWS 2.2 one o'clock should we keep going get net the 11 to a clock 25 two o'clock WI and Z 10.4.0 WIOD 2.3 WS news are you listening Lee 1.9 WTO 3.9 we we also leaving the planet from the people company is the former arms so that is neighborhoods Well, wait a minute. In addition, which the demo is 67% of the young demographics all this appeared to a clock on this station. I can believe that. That's a true story. For example, men in women 18 to 34 in one o'clock hour, we've got 9400 in the two o'clock hour, we've got 3300. Now, we'll have a figure. Okay. Now, let's go to a 3 p.m. Okay, because this is of some interest to you. 3 p.m. Taffy has a 4.1 Wio-D2.5 and W snooze has a 3 p.m. A 3.0. Unreal. At 4 o'clock, we have number doing snooze 3.2, IOD has a 2.7 and snooze 3.4. 5 o'clock, Wio-N-Z with a 3.4, Wio-D with a 2.4 and W snooze at 5 p.m. with a 4.0. That's the big hour. At 6 o'clock, Wins with a 2.4, IOD with a 3.7 with sports talk and W snooze with a 3.1. And then at 7 o'clock surely with a 2, then a 2.8, jury with a 5.3, a 6.6, a 9.4, and a 12.9 in a midnight hour. Well, not a sterling book for WN-Z, that's for sure. No. And I had the feeling it's only going to get worse. Oh, you said, well, you were over there. Has Lee Fahler ever hired anyone who was successful? Well, I don't know. I mean, it depends which you mean, but no, as the answer I guess. But I don't know. I don't really understand fully what they're doing over there. Other than, I can give you a couple of theories that are, you know, from the inside that people may not realize, they have an excellent sales department at WNWS, and there is some feeling, but I understand something. They view the entity over there as a combo. And of course, when you've got the number 1 FM station, which generates mass amounts of revenue, when you have a bedbook at WNWS, you kind of lean on your combo figures. May I have a sales department, a text one over there, that is able to do that. And they do not, I can say, from a business point of view, experience, extreme variations in income, for the station, as the numbers on WNWS fluctuate up and down. So from a business point of view, in basic, I mean, let's say that we, you know, we, as performers and as listeners, tend to view the radius and attainment from a programming point of view. But basically, it is a business. And when you're doing practically as well, you know, when you have a good book as a bedbook, it can, you know, can make it. Yeah, but that's a cop-ass, Steve. I mean, that's like saying, to write good and wins 25 games and to match second-pitch at WNWS, five games, you know, saying, well, they won 30 between them. That's not bad. Well, I'm not, you understand something. I'm not giving you my viewpoint. I'm just telling you, you know, how they tend to view it at the station. And there is also some feeling of, why stand? In fact, I think this was at the root of the salary conflict that I was involved in with them. They went to their sales manager who, quite frankly, is not a dear friend of mine. He was the only person over there who didn't get along with very well. Well, probably selling one and he was, that's good. Well, that's not because they didn't really permit me to get to involved in selling under Mr. Lada. You hear that Steve? You, bum. But I had a little shot. It took 20 minutes, folks. We finally got a little shot from Steve. That's good. There are people in the business that don't like us. A few. I want to mention any names here, but. Right at the top of the list. But the point is, I don't want you to do negative on this show, Steve. If you want to be positive, that's okay. I don't believe in negative. But the point is, the story I got is that they went to Steve Lapa and they said, do you need, you know, how important is that the Steve can't be here from a financial point of view as opposed to a program, you pointed to Mr. Lapa said, well, we don't need Steve as long as I'm here, we'll keep it so bad. He's not important. But anyway, that was at the root of their bargaining philosophy. Really? And that's, well, that's the story I've gotten. I assume it's true. And I know he's Steve Lapa can probably believe that. And that's why I'm no longer at the WNWS. But, okay, now there's always rumor about Al being very disinchanid with what's going on. And he and Lee have been sparring on the air. And if Al should wind up leaving and going somewhere else, and obviously he certainly got the credentials to go to a lot of places. That would pretty much be the end, wouldn't it? He ought over. Again, it depends on the perspective. You must understand this company was making a lot of money when they had WGBS. And we all agree on, you know, the effectiveness of WGBS is a talk station. So the point is, I don't know, again, you must understand. I don't know any of this. I'm just giving you my feelings and my intuitions. There may be some feeling that it works scenario if they go back to a, let's say, out left and say, they went back to a, you know, a GPS level of programming on WNWS. They still have a very viable and, you know, money making operation. And I think that the feeling maybe why spend all this money for these expensive salaries when we basically can generate similar, again, I don't agree with this. But this is what maybe they're thinking. Why spend a little bit money for salaries when we can generate the same revenue, you know, thanks to a very successful. But you know, way that kind of philosophy eventually leads. A two becomes a one five and they become the one that becomes a point eight. I mean, there's, you know, you can take the FM here. A few years ago was doing sixes and sevens and eights. And you know, now it's down and doing one sixes. And you know, once you start that kind of a slide and you say, well, you know, we can make this much money. It doesn't really matter. When you, when the bottom line becomes the bottom line, you eventually wind up going into the toilet. And can I say that? Yeah. Yeah. I, you know, my orientation is programming. And I've used to have a fantasy of being involved in management, putting together a station with a Jerry Williams and he'll Roger Steve, you know, getting the top people on the country and giving the, you know, the public role they want the best. But again, my orientation is programming. And that's why I, you know, I have those feelings. But from the business point of view, Jefferson Pollett has been successful in the past. And that's another thing that you have to consider. We view WSU. It's the old story about the blind man, feeling the elephant's tail and saying an elephant looks like a snake. We view WNWS as an entity down here in terms of this market. WNWS is a tiny little particle of Jefferson Pollett's holdings. And Jefferson Pollett, of course, you know, is where they, I mean, it's just a company of tremendous wealth. And sometimes the decisions that maybe, again, I don't know this. I'm just going by a sense. I have a feeling that the decision to keep my salary at the level that it was. My feeling is was not made in Miami. But it was a decision that was made in Charlotte by Jefferson Pollett who are not programming people. And they don't really understand, you know, they're bottom line people. And they say, what pay talent over 100,000? They, I understand, because they didn't, the idea of giving me the 100,000 I was earning when they picked up my contract was outrageous. That I mean, they had to because they inherited the contract. But these people not being in the programming end of the business. They don't really understand that they're bottom line insurance. Well, what you're saying then is that this really not hoped that they're going to know much hope that they're going to get anyone very exciting over there. And that probably explains why it's taken so long to replace you. Well, I wouldn't say that. I mean, they're not going to get anyone very good that cheap. Well, it's going to be hard. I mean, there are, I mean, when I came down here from Orlando. My salary, my starting salary was $17,000 plus $10 a lot. So I mean, there are people out there that are good that perhaps have not been discovered of whatever, but it's hard. So I mean, there are not a lot of great 12-chefers in the country. I mean, if you can say that again, it is a very, it had people think it's easy. And you just get up and sit in front of a mic to be great at this business is very unusual. And those of us who are at the top of that, I think, deserve the big bucks. Because when you go into any business and you get to the top five or six people in any business or in any field, that's the kind of money they are. And it's hard to find. I had a conversation with Lee over the five, still talks of, so I were a lot. And he was telling me, you know, that they're involved in this big talent. Sir, he's always a lot of telling me there are a lot of good talks, your host, that there has been listening to tapes. And I told him I said, Lee, there may be a lot of good ones, but there are very few rate ones. And he had to concede that. I mean, it's a hard job to be great at. Hey, man. Well, listen, this has been a lot of fun. I'm glad that you called. I wish you the best of luck. Not too good, but we wish you the best of luck. It's good talking to you. I've always wanted to call you on here. Maybe one of these days you'll call me if we're not on it. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you, Lee, the matchmaker. Okay. Thanks, Steve. I'm going to tell you, Steve. Bye-bye. Okay, Steve Kane. It's, boy, this is really, I'm telling you, this shows kind of like the meeting place in the airways, Lee, isn't it? I mean, we get them all. The employed, the unemployed, the would be employed, the near employed, the great, the near-great, and so on. Come on. I'll leave Lee, can call, right? We know he's less likely. Come on, Lee. Well, we invited him before. He didn't have the guts to do it. Yeah. I mean, Steve had at least a courage to do it, but Lee did not have the guts to do it. They'll call, Taffy. Okay. Now, after we do this break, we're going to debue a new musical piece. This is the follow-up. This is the sequel to Hallendale Vice. It's called Key West Vice, and you're going to hear it exclusively first. I can't guarantee a last because everybody else got the record is going. Here on WINZ. Okay. It's 23 before noon at WINZ. On the arroggies, we're here till 2 and Daffy will be along. What's Daffy subject today? Oh, God. Daffy subject is, how come if it comes every four weeks they call it a monthly? Will the real Taffy McAllam please stand up. Twenty questions. It says invite Milus News to call. That's good. Taffy still wants to continue building that audience based on the sloppover. Can we say sloppover from this show? So, we're going to invite you to call in. Okay. Let's do this right now. This is courtesy of Mark Mosley. And you have to see this letter right here. So everything is kosher. And I am told that this makes Hallendale Vice pale into WINZ significance. Friday nights, there to Miami Cups with a hot new beat. There on the streets fighting crime. Let's help! We just don't do strip searches for J.W. In King West Vice. We get a problem. We're getting you back and down. Lieutenant, in that group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach, hold them down and then set their hair. Yeah, get back and down. Let's go get out. There's nothing that clean up the streets. I'm sorry for skipping in the most skipping dome. I hope you guys don't get on the beach. Just take a seat. Go ahead, please. A chair! A chair! Yes, he was by. All right, stop you pick pocket. I picked your pardon. I am not a full pocket. Oh, sorry. Just look. Light is here couple of hitmime cubs on a hot new beat. In key West Vice. Righty nice and nice. On MBC. I don't believe it. That's incredible. Okay, Tom Jikers, let's get back. This is in all over the world. We're just all over the road here. That's like the FM format. All over the road. Let's talk a little bit about that. I understand a lot of this is in stuff. Some of the people are building a green nervous. They can't really do that. They can't really do that. The audience doesn't care. They love every minute of it. They go a lot before it comes out. You're going to talk about the ratings. Yeah, I mean, even if we just make it up as we go along like lead us. Can you believe they're still playing the most listen to talk host itself? That's shameless. That's absolutely shameless. I was going to call him on it last rating book when they did it. But to continue it after two rating books. I mean, there are only two rating services. They're still playing the biggest thing. They're still playing that big league. You would say to one, I don't mean to go with that. But apparently he's beyond that. Well, I don't hear him talking about the numbers at all. Did you know? Oh, yeah. He was crying yesterday or, day before about how one rating book doesn't make it career. Just going on and on and on. How about two? Yeah, or three? Yes. And that's true. That is absolutely true. And ratings aren't precise. And I'm not going to see him pretend to have to hear him. I'm not going to sit here and pretend that they are, but certainly they indicate a trend don't they? They sure seem so. And what it is is he's really in a way to solve it. I mean give you know despite all the kid and they're not he really is the only talent they have left over. I tell you one thing the only oasis that's successful in this time is rust oasis over the anything but other than that being in a way this is a bad situation. But he really is. He's the only one over there now that's pulling any kind of an audience and you know you've buried him you can see he's got a five before you come on the air and if you're right here he'd probably tell us very well when he's on a pose he's got a five two and a nine o'clock hour last time he had a five six and an hour. Yeah and you can't say anything about look at the oceans say on a pose because Sandy was on an hour but that's the next best thing to be on. Well one one one one one one one week she's on that hour and the next week she's on what Mike Renerion and the next week something else is on there. And you really do need to score card to keep what keep track of what's going on and I by the way you know what I saw a note yesterday interesting idea I don't know how well it'll work. WHNN you know it used to be the country station carries the myth they're going all sports 24 hours a day sports radio they're going to be the first one the country wouldn't that great. I don't think it's going to be excellent for Mike Anthony's probably listening right now and there's a rumor that sports talk is going to be going for our yeah I heard that six to ten. Yeah but it's not very often. Oh how many nights aren't there games they have a game on just they don't understand though they had that fluke. Back at the fall because the dolphins in a hurricane were a big topic of conversation yep and they had that fluke for sports and Anthony comes barreling into town and he looks at that and hey let's do 80 hours of sports talk. You know as well as this is not a year there's nothing to talk about. Although I will say I did two days ago we did a whole show on hockey well not a whole show I heard it but we never had an open line. I mean it was incredible some of those names that were coming out there that you know Doug Mones and yeah Johnny Buick Doug Mones can you say that on here? I don't know. No it depends what he's moaning about. Doug Grones Doug makes gutter will sound perhaps but certainly not Doug Mones. We can't even discuss how Terry such a diet. No please. This is a family show. All the way we'll say this in the teen column all across for WINZ we have no teens zero. And you were in a school when you were a college there in school now so in spite of this huge audience there were no teens so Jim McKinney from the FCC or any of those other bureaucrats you're listening we don't have to concern ourselves with that now all the what happens during the summer book. Nice folks you'll have to turn your act out but they'll probably listen to Bungovi. In Miramar? Well except oh God can you imagine the implications first I listen to that record then they'll actually be going out there and doing it. You know all the kid in the side that's really frightening. I know it it really is. And this is what I keep trying to tell people with this FCC thing it's got nothing to do with Howard Stern it has nothing to do with shock radio it's got to do with the idea that all around us were surrounded by a group of right wing oppressive people who want a sensor. It's not a shelter. Other people how to live their lives they're not satisfied if they want to live their own life and some oppressive manner and you know, gen you're fulcting every three seconds guide love them they're entitled to do it but don't tell other people they are kind of just reminded me we don't subscribe to the summer book so you know see no evil here no evil we don't know I mean if we got eight million people. Well listen you don't know about it. This is how this cost would made the point this Sunday in this column which you know for the people who are in listen before was a wonderful column. They always find some justification and children are a great fall back. They're protecting the children because who's going to come out against protecting children but in point of fact the kids anything the kids are hearing on the radio they're hearing a lot worse in the school you know anyone who's ever been near a school knows that and a word after the hearing and using for a period of time to become mean well just for a good example you couldn't say rape and very you couldn't say virgin and pregnant on the attend years ago and remember when par said water closet yeah and then you see what I believe in yeah yeah what I'm gonna what I'm gonna do the reason I use the word rape you know the one the one absurdity lunacy in our whole language is that you can't say the f word which to most people has a pleasant connotation well depending on how you yeah but you can say rape which is ugly and violent disgusting and is essentially the same thing well I'll tell you one thing you can say rape on the ear now there'd be one talk hostess who'd be off she would never show up yeah that's true she'd be out of question I don't have a show up anyway oh come on I wasn't surely do that I mentioned that before but I could look at those seven to nine numbers or two at seven or clock and a two-way to eight o'clock I guess you're right you surely I didn't have a show I'm gonna have to leave cool sandy yesterday yeah I let me can I make a prediction because I really don't know I just talked to a lot of different people in the business and I put all the rumors together I think sandy's out at I O.D. if she's a sandy will do it at W. snooze I'm not sure what ours I think she's gonna wind up over there I think that Steve will do tend to two and Miller will do two to six and Bill will be on at night and and that's it I think that's gonna be the idea I disagree I really do although I agree with the second thought if she is actually on NWS is quickly is a lot I don't know she has a no compete and I don't know if a no compete is a valid if they get ready to you is it oh hey that's a whole different ballgame if she's an employee and I didn't depend on contractor they can hold her doing on come even if they get rid of her sure that doesn't seem right but anyway well unless they have some kind of an agreement she would she'll be on NWS immediately upon leaving I O.D. except I haven't know that she she wants to stay at I.O.D. you're not dancing on a grave now are you know she was very ignorant when she came back about my dancing on her well I think I think that she'll be at I.O.D. for a while for a number of reasons I think that what happened the three days she was off there afraid of some kind of a backlash and and secondly Sandy has about nine years in change in and in at I.O.D. which is a cox company the same company I worked for and after ten years you get a wonderful pension that's really is happens to be true and so Sandy is it would it would she would be very foolish not to try and hang on there are you hearing that Sandy hang on well I and I she knows it has been plastic surgeon doing by that was a terrible shot actually Sandy said that and you stole it from her with another thing and it's rating book that really has I know that people in the audience they listen to different kinds of radio and she and I see that are and some are music first wouldn't be something if all of this kind of like little creeks and river is met you know and they all turn out I got it well I'd bet you if you went out in the street and asked 100 people that 16 and would tell you a country was something you use having sex probably I mean there's just no maybe Jim Baker is having sex with country leaders yeah a country bank there was a picture of Jim Baker right after the right after even off the air and it was taking a long lens about a block away he was sitting with some babe that wasn't tami by the pool I mean a real shape we went young really yeah well you all like supposedly come to the latest things they like to swap around swap me they call yeah well if you don't know what you can't do it's a me out family she's incredible man she's a piece of work okay listen we're at the end of this hour and we digested it and we've heard from some real celebrities out there and great senior grades it's been incredible first two hours but when we come back following the new newsbreak then we're gonna turn it over to the audience and if they're not excited about ratings and radio and the FCC and everything all right here again is mirrored okay it's 10 past noon at W. I. and Z. Tom jick is here the TV radio editor the Miami news we're talking about radio and television about the new ratings about anything else that tickles your fancy we're talking about the FCC and first amendment rights and a whole ball of wax and let me give you our numbers in date county six two four oh one nine one six two four oh one nine one in Broward seven six four oh seven oh seven Thomas just emerged it's a blank reading as an number is over there is having an nervous breakdown and we'll give you a really want to have a look start in halloween Dale hello hi Neil congratulations on the book thank you two points first of all Ed Little is no longer with the neutral radio I know he's down here running traffic patrol oh he does traffic patrol yeah he owns the thing I didn't know that yeah yeah that's the one that's on all their other stations that give it to him for free and you know you're the you guys are the only ones that have your own airplane up there well is that all about what was that all about who was that oh he's on a traffic patrol where did you just have that yeah okay all kinds of hand signal sir all right all right I'm in the business so I know about that all right did you happen to see the McNeil or report on Friday no you missed a good one they had the this is due with the FCC and they had the girl on there by the name of Diane Killery she had the FCC attorney out of Washington yeah she's a moron yeah you got that right now she was on a crossfire show with pain yeah her first comment was that quote organs that are offensive now what does that mean how mouth offensive to me yeah she is she is patently offensive to me and everything she says is patently offensive I know it but it was so funny to look at it at all as I said it let's see I just got a few notes there the in you window this is talking about Howard Stern again yeah the double on Tondra is the in you windows over the line to the extreme that what again does that mean well who measures what's extreme that's the thing you got that right she then said well the children here in the audience the radio station should be governed by congress quote and unquote well and I ran about way it is well in a very roundabout way well no it congress appropriate money for the FCC congress approves who's on the FCC that's that's in congress has made its will known to the FCC in a number of cases yeah but you know she keeps using this line about the congress has spoken and so on and so forth the FCC act was last amended 53 years ago I would hardly say that that indicates that congress has spoken in regard to anything that has to do with contemporary broadcast standards right well that 25 years ago when I first started in radio that she couldn't even flesh at all that on here in fact one guy was fired because he did it yeah so this is a moment that only toilet flush ever in the history of broadcasting is on benachy bunker stars I know market forces otherwise meaning advertisers and you know advertiser we're all in the advertising business and we've got to get a show over to get the numbers to you know raise the advertising rate that should be made unlawful by congress again another quote well interesting thing about this administration is that there and this FCC is that there in Thai of raspian has been let the market place decide but that's only up to the point where the market place decides what it agrees with apparently well of course but again where do you draw the line I think the market is decided with kneels numbers with how it stands numbers I think that's the market place deciding I agree and again children unreasonable risk no kids how do you tell kids are in the audience her response was that more kids listen to radio and during the day than are in school that's ridiculous I know it's ridiculous there aren't that many kids listen to radio period spending an awful lot of money on education foolishly then maybe we just thought about every kid at transistor radio yeah well I'll be honest with you the response we got in the mail today and other we looked at it a second time is pretty poultry and I'm beginning to understand that if this campaign of mine is going to make it it's going to have to make it with help of people like lancer and tamper and jury Williams and Boston and other parts of the country because the people here evidently most of martyred stupy to understand the implications of it and you know it's really frustrating because you got this gigantic audience out there I mean here these big numbers but again to try to get him to do something that's another thing that don't really think anything's going to happen it's going to have to take you know someone coming in here and Brown shirts to pull you off the air and then they'll understand but again it's not just it's not a question to whether I'm going to be on here or not or Howard Stern's going to be on here it's a question of whether next week the government decides that we can't speak up and criticize the president or we can't criticize religious in and that's all of these things okay I think it ended already because the response on the phone here today this is embarrassing this is like that Friday night when time was out with me about three years ago I mean I just don't believe the terrible look at the things going on I know this is incredible it's like the whole audience is going into a coma now we've got two lines over to each county in date six two four all one nine one and in brown it's seven six four oh seven oh seven four lottery hello hello hello how are you okay great I have a couple of questions this whole talk radio thing is kind of new to me after the United Kingdom where it's not really that prevalent and what's been going on recently seems to be very very controversial because of the peer timid the whole idea of talk radios so the general public can review their particular views on current event no no no I thought it would be a good medium for that well that's part I would imagine that's why you have the telephone calling so the general public could view the ideas there's you bear with me and what I want to know is an a deficit or a definitive policy on the worst it cannot be used because of the peer timid again anything can be misconstrued suggestor for a paid lay of friendship depending upon the person who's listening to it you got people like London the roof whose right-wing views could be you know described as paid lay of a fan system anybody now well that has to do with content the commission says they don't care about content that doesn't come back to the paid lay of a fan system no patently offensive is in terms of sexual material yeah you can talk about killing sexual or regulatory activities or organs that's what's patently offensive come on and and she'll for the clan and other discussion organization and any basis on comments or anything that's okay but if you have any any discussion that has sexual in you window dealing with organs or excritory activities which is another way of saying you can't say s h on a year then they get all upset about it you know I think this thing is being attacked maybe from the wrong perspective the opening part of the first amendment is Congress should make no law restructuring a regarding establishment of religion and obviously these laws are based on religious tabloids they're not based on any kind of anything that makes any sense it's all based on religion the Christian religions that are now involved are the ones who are pushing for these anti-sexual judge you can talk about all of violence you want you can put all the disgusting killing you want but if you talk about sex kind of they're sure that they have something to do with perhaps PMF you're a PMF or syndrome because that's obviously pertaining that's sexual and excritory yeah you mean you're always the kind of seat or that's the obvious answer is that we don't know they give me this vague and ambiguous ruling I've got a right in front of me from the FCC and it's you know they don't want to give you any specifics so who they how knows what we can talk about well that's intentional and by making a vague and ambiguous you know what they're trying to do is to intimidate a lot of broadcast there's a lot of licensed holders and to try to you know force them to stop talking about things that they consider objectionable just like good children's considered things objectionable unbumpers stickers you know it's so basic it's so evident and in fact if the majority of people out there are you know again a brain dead they're in suspended animation they're not going to take any action you know this is a classic example of how weak this country is I mean the government could they could actually come out tomorrow and say okay we're going to take away the first amendment oh they would be about to be up there what's at it about any up row whatsoever but it's all part of a pattern that you like you say you've got one group that wants to go away with t-shirts you've got another group that wants to go away with pompous stickers you've got another group that wants to control what's on the radio you've got a principal noun Miramar who won't let it vary and not you were so on be played in a senior prom at which a lot of the people there are legally delts in the state of Florida where it is it in they just chip away gradually and then you wake up one morning and you find out you're not to Germany again yeah got the several lines to open a response today by the way sucks we have two open lines in Broward 764 0707 764 0707 and we have one open line in date 624 0191 I just can't believe it homestead hello hi there's a movie that's been on movie channel this we called Lenny about Lenny Booth yeah and it really is that for poem what's happening now well how it's done is the modern day Lenny yeah it's absolutely and the thing about Lenny Booth was like in one scene he talked about dirty words and he said I'll tell you what's dirty and then he described several killings I think he talked about Kennedy's assassination he talked about segregation and poverty so that's dirty and then he said the effort that's nice you know he said you could even greet your parents whether well I guess anything to happen and it really made me think about it for a few minutes well we said sorry well as I said before and we're you know we can listen to the hate all the violence we want explain to me why you can say rape and you can't say the effort you know and has ever been able to explain that to me 21 past 12 at Wyn Z my guest is Tom Jika the radio TV editor the Miami news we're talking about radio about television about the FCC about the first amendment about the ratings about anything you want and we have an open line in each county in date county 624 0191 and in Broward 764 0707 I really do me that I mean response today stinks to high heaven and again you know if there are people out there in the audience who think that I'm just going to drop the ball on the whole thing even if they don't talk about that particular issue they've got nothing to say about anything that's going on in the business which is incredible yeah this is one of the most the guys this is and you know what this reminds me I don't want to sound bitter but in a way I am because this has happened to me every time every time after I do well I mean which has been most of the time and ratings come out and I don't think I overdue what I mean we do talk about it whether the good batter and different we've always done that on this show and it's like okay sit there and stew and now we're you know we're just not going to talk to you this happened to be like I happen to have times in this market yeah and this seems to be an interesting ratings I certainly get enough calls on people are always asking when they're coming out yeah well I guess they're all they're all playing hard to get today I don't know 22 minutes past 12 at WINC let's do a little break here 25 has new at WINC time jick is here I'm here we're kind of in a coma I want to steal Alzheimer's material but we're in a coma and we have another radio celebrity standing by on the line good morning Mr. Tanner hey that you know now good evening how are yours nine or nine were they were when I got up this morning yeah well that's good you know I am I think you're right about this business of people being in a coma about the whole first amendment thing and I think that the only way you're going to stir up enough trouble to get them excited is to point out that there are so many things in danger beside Neil Rogers and Howard Stern Howard Stern is an indismarket sort of an abstraction to these people and you're exactly right because all this is leading down a road when none of us wanted to go where your listeners don't want it to go and the road is paved with apathy get that simple yeah some of the words I don't have to feel bad you're getting the same response well well as Neil pointed out here a couple of days ago that people kind of thought that hit was just an amusing little oddity you know in his early all year I just don't pay attention to him and he'll go away well it's full because the fact of the matter is that there are a lot of interesting things going on in the government today while we're so busy concerned with a concerning ourselves with all of our north and people like that did general c-court and so forth nobody is talking with any e quietly gobbled up their biggest competitor for defense contracting business are c-a-e-e and in the process just happened to get the number one television that works there's a lot of things going on the people really ought to wake up and pay attention to and that's that's on the one side it's the issue side of what I wanted to come in on on the other side of the ratings I've been listening to you guys talking about the album rock situation here's a whole story with album rock album rock has never been that popular in South Florida the reason that she did well is because it's only one of a kind there's always been about six six and a half shares of album rock back in the old data four versus she days she had a four day to had a three yeah bill but nobody's doing progressive album rock here there is no station doing that because they're all caught up in classic rock Tom they'll try to go for demographics you know and and that's fine I think it's an interesting point new Rogers and I have one thing in common we play for whoever the fellow wants to listen to the radio I don't care if there it kneel has eight to your olds or sixty eight euros and I don't care either I have a lot of teens because I don't know the people who cares it's one body you want people listen to the radio it's up to the sales guys that get out there and market this stuff to die-fected and feed it to the agencies like Pablo well it it's still you have to want someone came up walked in here a few minutes ago and came up with an interesting theory that what's happening that out to music on radio is what's happened to television to a certain extent people are listening to their own cassettes that's also true in reality dead and with them based music has always been a very very important part of the local music scene in the 15 years that I've been doing music radio down here that's what it was that while I'm wondering while I've got away from that their ratings went down the drain what they did this time is you so after I pointed out your column I think they had made some improvements in their station but basically they bought the book they paid a quarter million dollars for content and said they just your birthday to anyone 25 dollars on the F 15 years ago yeah it worked then it will work every it's working less and less well less and less efficiently as far as as hot world fibers concerned their problem has been reason they wanted I think to make the change with me that they did is they want to run the thing from out of town and I think you folks are with their WI and Zingo about people from Maine who come in and admire me at port and freak out because they see Hispanics and black standing around yeah and the reality of this situation is that if you don't live and work in Miami you don't know a damn thing about the radio down here and you're probably gonna lose out as bad as WI and CFM and it was on whatever it's today joke Kain was on the radio up and down the radio down that caused by ignoring that that this is not Kansas City can't well that's what that's what Kain was saying about Jefferson pilot running WNWS from North Carolina and you know right they have no idea what's going on down here this is a unique city and I happen to think that Miami's South Florida which is a meteor term if you will Miami's Fort Lauderdale if you need I have an exciting I think it's a clubbing city and I think it's a challenge to be a great Robin I don't know we could be getting in trouble with that if you think you're going to force Charlotte North Carolina radio down these people's folks and have them get rating you I mean the result of it Bill this is Glenn Hill how you doing hey Glenn how are you real good um I just want to ask you Neil has been wondering for quite a long time on the air whatever happened to KC well KC how does last hit record in 1980 and then he had well actually not true he had sort of a medium-sized hit record while I was in Washington around 1984 and I speak to him from time to time I think what has happened is he simply lost the inspiration to do his music well I don't know it seems to me it's just another one of these one hit stars are you he had a run-in hand till he had the longest train of number one record since the Beatles is that right yeah why they're right by me he's got a one hit artist but he's artist to act in inspiration and who amongst us can say what it takes to provide inspiration whether you're a talk show host or a recording artist you got to get the juice from somewhere oh he just didn't work he just happened to be in the right place with disco music when disco was hot and flutchly went went by the wayside rather quickly well actually I disagree with you I think you never went away here in my I mean it's alive and well and we're just calling it something else well I know what I call it I know we can't say that at the end of the year lives in Chicago but is here in Miami in spirit this morning I don't have a copy of the book because I'm able to tell you until we like four five days later about pony Express but I just think you're out my hours it's incredible you'll see that sort of personality pull that Neil Rogers has but listen the audience I mean this is the first day the book just came in this morning in 930 and the audiences are already getting even though so don't ever get cocky in this market I don't know if I can say that but don't ever get over confident because man immediately they turn on you now you know what you provide you provide you in a payment left that there's four eight yeah you can say that again chain again one way not listen to you and the dog and you bill before to be a him or he'll do that okay okay okay okay 1232 at WI and Z we have an open line in Broward if there's anybody alive there's 760707 Davey hello the well Broward man amazing frightening yeah those other stations are boring um I she's a really start I know that's probably the difficulty there's so much going on people just can't figure out where to start I find himself in a motel at Tammy Baker yeah I need a drill first take out just a script of face off um I'm trying to get people to sign the petition and they're like well what's this for and I explain to them what the FV is trying to do and how it's the first step in in restriction of our first number right and they're like yes well and if they're still at the clinic they're like yeah well maybe I'll sign it I'll think of it yeah I think the word is dumb I think you're being kind when you say apathetic they're just too stupid to understand what the implications are I know it's unreal then the same with the principle of Myanmar yeah yeah yeah I heard that song you play the pretty boring song yeah it's certainly not controversial um I don't I don't see where they they can get on their iPods and tell students to do that um that he had somebody on the yesterday the day before from a school board by our county yeah and they got on to this thing about dress codes for students and teachers and he said he doesn't think teachers should have a dress code but students definitely should and I don't see the logic in that why should it go for one group and not the other well that seems to be the way a life if one one group of people telling another group how to behave don't do as I do do as I said isn't that with the timey and gym thing is all about exactly exactly yeah I don't see how these people can live with themselves though why is it time after time after time that the people who are most reciprocant about telling others to live with the ones who get caught in the back seat of college or eight year old kids why is that I think they're trying to focus attention on everybody else they're trying to shine the spotlight everybody else and the meantime you know do all of their stuff in the dark you'll allow me think he does protest too much right yeah I don't know how this ties in with the F.C. Roy but a lot of the record companies are lobbying companies for years to restrict home taping and was sticking the importance of these two digital tape reporters and yeah and tennis said you know most people listening to tapes at home and that's what I do and the direct company see thing while you you met them tape whatever they want we're going to lose so much money and that's just a lot of BS because I do a lot of tape because I like the list of my own music and I like to listen to that and I have five to those crazy those key crazy filled with records because I buy so many to make my own tapes up you know I'll go out and buy a complete album for one or two songs on the album you know so I I the fact that I take makes me spend more money rather than less because I don't go out and try to get higher to copies and I think that that's another thing that needs to be looked into is all this lobbying for these companies well the movie industry when V.C. Oz came along for it and fought and wanted out one of the outlaw V.C. Oz then wanted to tax them and it's turned out the V.C. Oz of the best thing that ever happened to the movie industry now because they got a whole note of market there that didn't exist before yeah people are basically honest there's always going to be some dishonest people but most people are honest and then they're not going to rip you off I know okay there's a question here yeah um the rating you had some of the information a couple days ago and then you had to break down by the hours today why didn't they send them separately why don't they just send them all one well that's a good question I really don't know that I don't know how they go about putting the book together but they you know they put everything into a computer up there in Beltsville, Maryland and I'm sure that there's certain things that come out first before they actually print them up and then they put a whole book together yeah that's the luminous amounts of information I'm looking at the shef here almost as big as the telephone book and it's like a baseball game when the when the score first comes in over the wire so that first they give you the score then they give you the line score and then they give you the box score it just takes time to put the box score together the full book is like the box score does that that's both sides tacky got there let's just put in Miami area yeah just for the stations in this market wow it's unbelievable yeah well we're only about four million of them okay listen don't give up keep plugging away for us but I will one of the reasons why I think you may not be having a lot of people calling today at the end of the month people get paid people trying to do and a month is that's just something that might be the reason why that's interesting theory hey listen if that's true I'm going to take off the end of the month every month that's a good idea all right have a nice week I need to thanks a lot 23 before one we have another celebrity a college Danny by after our next break we have one open line on a board it's in Broward 764 and it is 1240 a WIZ on the arages are guest is Tom Jika of the Miami snooze and we have another celebrity car around the line this can't really be Greg Budell can it sure sounds like Greg Budell it's me how you doing five incidents in Greg Budell right I'm not sure if I want to become a decent mechanic or go to the French Riviera with Tati all these people in no complaints are coming up it's yeah it's an amazing you made a new show I know can get a lot of litigation from this show yeah I thought that having a six month pay vacation would be a lot of fun but at this point I've got a little less than too much left it really stinks well I'll tell you what if you'd like to try out if you want to come in here you can make some arrangements I'd love to take the next two months off yeah hey the rest on my laurels now I mean I certainly can't improve on these numbers so I'd like to take a couple of months off you'll just pay me and you can come in here do the show in graduation you deserve those numbers I think it says a lot for being yourself in the radio I think that's the thing that makes you different the others today I don't believe there's any contrived or any ponies in what you do thank you and it's kept me say I have laughed my I think it's one of those body parts that can get us trouble often last few months it's really been fun I as matter of fact I saw somebody who ran into Greg give it in they said his was missing no so now we know where when he laughed it off just about about the way I can't take you up on your offer because you said something I went to thorn a while back she has suggested that considering them moving to talk radio and with with you when you reacted the way you did I immediately ruled out any career is a tacos why if you take you it said hey what do I said we do talk about something like that doesn't mean you couldn't do it no I just get nervous when I hear people like Joe Johnson is it because I like Joe is a great guy but the all the way does take shots of jica times looking with a real sourloor so he's maybe not so great a guy he's a decent well he's a guy and I'm fine with a lot of him line is Joe is not a talk show host now he's never going to be I will be there may 16 I've been working as a private citizen and you know this is a frustrating thing because I would be railing on this if I were on here but when my time comes I'll do it by the way I forgot to mention Tanner it slipped right by me said Emerald Hills and I guess somebody hasn't told him but we're doing it here at the station and win so I'm glad that you just mentioned that again yeah it was good to hear him through today yeah and keep on man it's great they listen Greg you're going to be doing him a music station what are you going to do to Tanner to run I'm talking about it all morning what's going on in music in this market you know it's just it's disgusting I have the real strong opinion done that I don't know how I how much I can say without you know jeopardizing my situation right now but everybody is researching things three dimensionally to find out you know how many torps like this song yeah let's take another study let's call Frank Magod and take another study for 20 grams I think consultants are the ruination of the business they take in the creativity out of it yeah and I expect I mean this is a business of feelings and emotions and I expect to use a lot of that when I get over to where I'm going next and well where is the music audience gone pardon me where has the music audience gone I'm just a person well Neil has shown that you can entertain people without playing a song I think that you know what I'm looking forward to for myself is being able to play to the audience and not to the station management for the first time in seven years that'll be it I think a big change for me the music audience I think is just you know they all say you go out there and they also the same thing everybody's playing the same song to their playing them over and over and over again I mean you know you're the inspiration by Chicago how many times can you hear that the free of gag? Well it is it's you know power did very well this time it's personality you DJ's coming back I think so I bet in the trouble is there's going to be people that can go on the radio it really be themselves the personality you know everybody's got to be an an out here and they've got to talk like this and you know I mean there's so much phony in this it sucks yeah I don't think you can say that but I'll say it does suck your right well I appreciate that and I enjoyed that I wanted to just prove what you said we do need little music on a show I mean we would be naked with that little bit it goes well yeah those violins make it loud beautiful boy oh Rick Shaw going to cut right into life so audience for you with this by the way Neil I enjoyed your review by former employer last week I was I'm gonna throw up the road really that was wonderful you mean the legend in his own mind okay now wait a minute let's see if I can do the talk up on the last part of this record I'm believable was that incredible or what it's good man all the radio people out there are so impressed now and they're just spancing over their knee at this point they're going nuts well listen it's great hearing from you and we'll look for you on a 16 okay and the done agony says hello thank you okay well this is really something the audience does want to talk to us but all the radio people want to talk it's what found us through the audience you know let them stick it where the moon don't shine mirror more hello celebrity talk hi hi I have a question directed to Tom take a please yes okay I read a call on a few weeks ago about Tom Rogers yes I though coming back with his wife and yeah I understand that he's neither coming back nor is married well if he's not married he lied to me he is married and as far as I'm coming back he's not now from what I hear is he used the he used the WNWIC here is leverage to get a better contract in Arizona I see I was from the grander in the bottom you're in Miramar right yeah did you go to Miramar high now you have kids are going to Miramar high I went to my only be try well what do you think it is all thing with this principle I think it's terrible I really I mean you know I wasn't going to comment on that picture well you live in the community why don't you do something about it I work here I don't want some work well I if I live in that community I don't have to have this lady she doesn't live in Miramar yes I mean you're wet is it stop we know where we know how it starts you know the cringe at where it's going to stop hey this is really the first stop ready that because I don't have children there I didn't know about this really good and it's really an innocuous song the worst things in it are the suggestions that kids might actually drink beer and and and fool around in the back city of the car and all the really it says it's fool around and now it's terrible because you know an elementary school they're taking duty blue books off the shelf I mean I was trying to do that as long as the community what's the name well I think we ought to take judge blue off the shelf or put them on the shelf yeah no it's very good it should be stopped I didn't know about it no never approached me about it and I definitely signed a petition against that well will you send in for one sure please I guess they can't play in I'll give you the address again in a little bit okay they won't be playing Bruce Springsteens growing around at that time no that you know I can't believe that that the legs around my velvet I'm going to be playing Bruce Springsteens born in the USSR yeah in Miramar a lot of Tommy fascist pigs over there yeah and I'll send the application to send the front okay thanks okay yeah all of these things couldn't exist that they all feed on each other when when one of them happens it makes it a little bit easier to do the next one for a lot of the hello hi Neil hi I'm 21 and I was just one of your management to know that you do have young listeners basically because the music stations in the town totally suck suck is the word right yeah it's it's really horrible now we're going to start a new FM we're going to have new colleges for the FM WSUK that probably go over really good yeah what were the numbers like for for the music stations what what was the number one probably why they were almost all down power went up a little bit but almost all the others with down she was a lot of genetically japan was down the FM here was down power went up my axiote waxy was down a little bit power went up and hot what I want to went down a little bit yeah went down pretty good but they're really you know that's about the only other station I listen to I drive a lot so I just got so sick of these these fake like like Greg did all the thing we've saved people on the air and hey there's those of those so I just was playing around with the radio one day and ran across the old that was several months ago and I just leave the dial right there on 94 and that's Kathy McCallum comes out and then it's back up one five for a couple hours well the problem is that all these consulting as you they all said they all try and and find this one typical person in program the station job and nobody is typical yeah yeah it's really hate to use the word but it's sucks yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's hysterical isn't it that's hilarious you mean well that's really a commercial for Tammy phasing well I think that's in the next break hey um along those lines did you know that and he is coming out with a new album and he's a Brian really yeah I just got my copy of the the week we knew here and I'm reading all about it oh the weekly news does not recognize this program this is like Greg China then I know that's really terrible um I run into Jack dirty once a while out and about and last time would your car try me would your car yeah I'd like to I ran into him a couple weeks ago and I I said hey what's going on with you and Neil leave Neil alone he's a good guy you know he never told a great train and what did he say he says I don't even want to talk about him he wouldn't even talk about the subject who? why I'm with me well it's just you to him yeah really tell you one thing you get on the wrong side of one of those wild queens and it's just a proper skirt or something exactly by that on the wrong side no and he just went to know it's called Anita with love and it's a pop gospel album and get to it's produced by her own company in Atlanta called beta lambda corporation oh yeah right I'm serious you know she only knew uh if she only knew right I mean as long as you brought it up I wasn't gonna mention this but Anita Brian is really tapping the column yes I believe that breasts of black tail of black Anita right right yeah Anita is black didn't you know that no I didn't well you gotta do something about her and it well not you your station does this I talked to her a couple weeks ago on the phone just because when a wait a minute today's the golden chance will a real tapping the column please stand up is your topic today and she actually is inviting the audience to call in and ask her anything so you can ask her where she comes up with these boring subjects and when she's going to get off the backs of all of my noorities and the one she's gonna start doing a show the thing that I would do I mean it's the thing that she would do if I call them said anything like that well yeah that's an interesting point yeah on and on and on and on and on and on and on and then she hanged it sure something to think about you know you play case her collar she won't she won't get an argument with anybody yeah like you like you've you said shouldn't we fry everybody who's got the AIDS virus she would say well it's certainly something to think about yeah exactly if you said fry that would really get a girl yeah well back in Smith College we just talk about that a lot and yeah she's such a total waste of time I had I hate to say but I think I'd rather listen to the guy over on the other station but I said I wasn't a hot one of five when she's on could you imagine if John Brown and Taffy McCallan had children that would be a uh uh there would just be just got nothing up to test to babies probably Dr. Mangala would have got that a think of an AIDS virus well so we got a run we got an important message from Tammy fame we'll see you later say hi to Jack Stewardy for me okay okay finally the 10 record set you've been waiting for Tammy says unbelievable new album here's the rock I called out from under my book six teams of makeup on then my husband does it with kiss a cup of a bit of our cold and go I will I'm all strong now down boots and peep it's all here the headache the hearted the pancake Tammy says here's the rock that I called out from under