He's got his head down on a table too. I can't believe Okay, a plantation. Hello. I need how are you? It's a place me how everybody in his brother is concerned with your show. Yeah, they're obsessed. They're obsessed. Yes And I watched last night of the news there was some guy that was arrested for working with a State agency to take care of these children and it turns out he's abusing him. Oh, sure Why doesn't Ellis moving in all these other leading hearts go out and try and protect these people that are A children who said that they're actually getting you know, yeah, and why don't they go down to the arts dice? He's and find out what somebody's priest are doing. Oh, really? What somebody's altar boys? Why don't they check into that? It was right on a front page of the Miami here over a couple of months ago They've story about all this cover up about all this child molestation, but all they can do, you know We joke around about stuff on this show and I have a party in my house with a hundred kids Everybody has a great time right away on a child molester. You know these people are sick sick and obsessed That's true. You've got a great show don't let Rose where you have Okay, I think the thing and I have one question. Yeah, did you let big dates come to your party as a matter of fact Yes, he had a wonderful time You're more generous than he is that's for damn sure you got a great show. Thanks a lot And he knows it 705 on Zeta 4 and I Right now, you know, I just wonder you know, I think it back I watched that thing last night It was so depressing and so morbid it litters home that Vietnam thing on HBO and I was thinking of myself And they were showing all the protest marches and Kent State and all the things that were going on and You know, it was public opinion that finally brought an end to that slaughter I mean we were you know that this Johnson and Nixon were sending kids over there to be butchered like sending cows to slaughter, okay? And it was public opinion at finally finally brought an end to that massacre that senseless insanity And I was thinking I you know in this day and age when people are into this mercy this materialistic crap Or all they care about is how much you know They've got in terms of material possessions when human life means nothing That could be going on forever because nobody gives a damn anymore about those things in this country good point And you know when it comes to free speech it's not you know whether you like it or you don't like it Turn it off. That's what makes it a great country. You've got a freedom of choice If you don't like a TV show turn it off you don't like this show turn it off But don't tell don't call up here and complain and tell me I can't say this and I can't do that We can't talk about this and stand can't say this. That's a bunch of crap is what that is I mean if you want to live in Nazi Germany I'm sure you know go down to Paraguay. I'm sure you'll have a good time down there There are plenty of countries right in this hemisphere where you can go down to Cuba Here we got all these people isn't ironic in date County who are so anti-communist anti-communist and yet They're the first ones who want to censor somebody like me because they don't like what I'm saying because they have a different point of view So who the hell are they kidding? Anyway, it's 707 There were pontifications station. Oh, what a wonderful day. And speaking of the pot if oh, hey, that's Baker There was a great you know a widow Sarduchi. Uh-huh. They had a great thing on HBO the other day And it was fantastic where it was right everything that I've always said Where he showed all these pictures of the Pope going here the Pope going there and talking and kissing all these dictators on the cheek and all this other stuff It was fantastic and It talked about that he was given the cold shoulder to Somebody whether was Norea go or it's or take a hoot ever to help was but then it showed the pictures where he was embracing Arrafat Kurt Waldheim, he was shaking a hand of Ali Ajashik or whatever an hell of guys name was who tried to assassinate him and we don't Sir, dude Jesus was on other words if you're not a communist you're a good guy The Pope indeed And those fakers at the Catholic church who the hell are you people getting to huh? All these people are starving death and the Pope is running around the world saying make a lot of babies, okay? Even a Sanctuary 7 on Zeta for your green card station and the weather it's gonna at least sunny today It'll be breezy and cool high 75 Life up in smell the pansies boys and girls first you get down on your knees That'll with your rosaries Do whatever steps you want if you have clear them with the bottom of everybody say is on Do an abandoning an ride Yep in line in that processional step into that small confessional There look guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original if it is Try playing it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer two or four or six age Time to transcend she is Get down upon your knees, but oh in your rosaries Are your head with great respect and check your friend take a play jay back make a cross on your abdomen When in Rome do like a ramen our Bhameria Jesus go to see it 713 on Zeta for and it's gonna have an air radio listing in the hero to really list the radio highlights They're just gonna have my name there under topic because this is the only topic of conversation I'm most of these shows in his town. I guess today we were on every show. How do you like that? Think it'll sell more papers today because you're in even sandy even boring vanilla ice cream sandy Tepioca putting sandy patent was ripping us on here yesterday Long brain talking about the party in my how do you know sandy you weren't invited you dumb bitch Who the hell would invite a boring bitch like her huh? We need a 60 cycle tone. We got one on cart. Okay? That's you sandy Four hours of terminal boredom for years putting the audience into a coma with a TV repairman and the collectibles guy And all that other crap that you've been dumping on the public you gotta be a shame of yourself you sick bitch It's 713 on Zeta for and yeah, see this is what I've been waiting for just the opportunity to awaken again See now they're in real trouble. I think they're gonna intimidate and they don't understand every time they do that I just go crazy, okay? I was wondering before we went on the air. Well, how is he gonna hand me time? They try to intimidate me man. I just come back ten times as loud and strong as before because I'm not gonna take the crap from anybody Okay from a bunch of jackasses Especially our management jackasses you look like you could use a bagel for stand out there You know stand is desperately trying to stay alive on a sinking ship over there and he does an innovative show and has some fun with the audience and Right I like oh can't do that anymore. You can't do this that mark killing man He ought to be a bright you ought to be arrested for impersonating a human being that Movie thing we did last night I ran into you know because it was on Hollywood beach We had a lot of tourists there and there was people as bus from Boston in New York saying that a Stern and Lackadero and BCN and Boston they get away with ten times more First they do we don't even come close to the stand What do we ought to do we ought to be able to say any goddamn thing we want this is supposed to be America that's some kind of a fascist state Got all these fascists Nazi pigs down here, right and God forbid anybody in Fort Lauderdale has a good time You realize there is actually a long-up you have a good time With unfort Lauderdale city but they're gonna put you away for 20 years seriously makes no difference what you're doing Even if you're just well even if you're just fantasizing and you're having a good time straight to the who's go as they say in parts of Fort Lauderdale and David Unbelievable 715 on your fascist oriented stations eight or four you guys want a baggle before you can just don't worry about it Let's go to their field hello Yeah, all right, okay You know you sound just like money proof Yeah Only I'm still alive yeah, you know this him the bathroom on a beer can on the highway To the The Can thing to the for driving yeah, they're all over my neighborhood. Yeah, yeah, I think Sandy had a party You know Honey, what is father? Sure it is he sounds like yeah, oh, yeah, this must be an angry I'm back oh yeah, I remember that It's Mr. Murray. I know it I'm right There let me tell you something most of the shows in his town are such cheap Imitations and Judge crap and he's people never original ID in their minds There isn't hardly anybody on the air in this market except me or Stan who's got any balls at all and at Fony and he afternoon over there on IOD who pretends to be Mr. Controversy But he keeps doing the same contract crap over and over and over and over again He's been doing ever since the day he he fell into this town You know he's about his country as vanilla ice cream Johnny Yeah I have to I have to think about the right work because I'm on the yeah, okay Exactly, you know, I mean I could think of that a word to say but they don't get you know Don't get Lenny Bruce guys just do it to hell with them to get a bottom You know just drop them on your mind that's what happened to Lenny Lenny gonna be set with the fact that these people Didn't understand him now that you're what you're totally wrong. I'm not obsessed with that I've been fighting these bastards for years Sir, sir relax will you please? I'm trying I believe to hell with him That's my philosophy and I go ahead and I do my thing and I'm gonna continue doing my thing and if they don't like it They can stick it near ear and if the management let me tell you if the management don't like it They can stick it someplace else too because I'm sure I'll find somebody else who will like it a lot Sir control yourself Getting to hysterical I may I can't handle it. Okay getting apple plastic good intentions, but just losing it, okay? 17 after seven on Zeta four your elusive station and we have an open line in Broward to keep it close by Let's move right along because so far these calls have been really uplifting and like Spucky you know like I mean really a lot of life and a lot of enthusiasm North Miami hello In the yes sir a question for you. Okay, shoot are you a communist the version Is that it? I want to know why you're always talking out against the government of the United States of America There has to be more to it though. In other words communist the verse of what I mean there's some other adjectives that have to go in there Oh, you can't say it on the radio. Okay. Yes, I'm coming pinko subversive a liprist of douchebag Yeah, we don't come in our neighbor her. I'll drop you faster than a bad transmission. Okay Yeah Boy, I had a conversation but he was brown bag in at this morning. I got to him a little bit You know, he was done there at you told him I drop you he was done. He was done there at you float him and That's a good expression. I'm gonna remember that and it's then by the way Here's the garbage truck that just drove in which I think is very tight on their horn on the heels of that call I said do a great job there this morning gentlemen Yeah, the garbage service unsung heroes here. Hey there. They go There you go big wave and then I'll wave it. I'll throw the garbage back at his command pal. Be a good sport Did you notice that guy said That you say things against the government than a very next breath he says I'm not allowed to say that on the air. Yeah. Well, he likes fascism. You know He's another one of those people believe the little fascism is not a bad thing Like certain segment of our community in Dave County. You'll believe that you know Little dictatorship ship can't be all bad as long as it's their dictator You know that and a book continues to show you know basically very little there You know about a three which is embarrassing Flan and you know he keeps talking about how much money he's making well you know Time goes by very quickly. It's amazing how life is and now what's gonna happen After you know after he sucked all the all the milk out of the golden cow or whatever the hell it is What I was interesting Oh, yeah, that was good. Yeah, that was kind of a golden cow. Yeah, that is something like Oprah Winfrey would do Thank you man. That I'm so I think so maybe that explains why she looks like that Well, it's an have a wonderful day. Don't let those other guys bother you. Okay. You take it easy now and have a great life Okay, but it's before seven I'd say to four You're suck the milk stage Milk suckings stage and there you go Milk is very bad for you by the way boys and you're also your parents try to feed you milk Splash it in their face. Okay, just say get get this out of here Spill it on the floor. I'm serious in their face and they're right in their face That'll get the message across okay, and then when it burns their eyes and it gets mung in it That coats their face. Then I'll say wait a minute. This is garbage and I'm feeding my kid milk is bad for you I don't drink it. Yeah, I haven't wrecked it in here. It's a liquid it's done for me. I mean You know humans are not supposed to be drinking the milk of other animals Okay, not only that, but it's all pasturized anyway and it's boiled and puked You know what it is they have all kinds of artificial crap into it. You know what milk actually is Oh, I don't like you know something filthy I don't like the direction we're headed here. I don't know why I did seven here. I won't say oh Well, I don't you put it on the screen if they could see the look on It's that look yeah, he looks if he doesn't look like a child molester right now I swear to you like some kind of a wild perverted child molester and Axe murderer okay here comes on the bottom of the screen what says it is It is The animal The animals okay, you can erase that part you have to have it. I can remember that okay The animal's mucus oh I wonder why that what maybe that's why it's a mucus forming food okay, did that make a lot of sense to you? It's the animals mucus But what like like flim That's mucus so those of you who are sitting at the breakfast table I'm pouring that flim on your cornflakes today. Hey flame that looks pretty good But what is happened half oh that's half flim and half mong oh Now wait a minute. Oh, what the hell just happened there You know that that was my fault I was the probe problem somebody's been messing in your mama. That's all right They One dos seven on Zeta four and these I don't know if these are mosquito bites or sugar bites could be They were had sugar bites or what you let those triggers move in your neighborhood man You are I'm serious here for some real grief. There's no question about it, but they're only in Broward I think oh no oh they'd be all over the place Well, we aren't we did do have a Neil story for you now now you want to prep a syscaping there This was when you run vacation and Brad was in here. I've never heard it and I wish I had the whole thing But this is like about 70 seconds It was this lady called up and she was talking about how much she hated New Yorkers in the New York Metz and she said on the New York Metz team Is nothing but a bunch of greasy Puerto Ricans I see now this is seeing this is gonna give the lady a story that we promised her and also to fit in with our phone call We had a few minutes so he when she said greasy Puerto Ricans he hung up on her and he had this to say okay To send you back to New York honey and make you into a new subway Wow What a disgusting piece of crap you are honey all those greasy Puerto Ricans man I hope they traced that call lady and boy you and oil We're gonna have the people at the Santa Rea house put a voodoo spell on you on it Get a big ugly spot on your exactly a horsey moja and you'll wake up on Sunday morning and you'll be a malotto How's that okay? Get the best of both worlds for you honey Custing subhuman creaking douchebag You know all these people from New York that think they're so swath and so sophisticated and so much better and all their culture Yeah, their culture is all done in there and the subway with the brunny gets okay. That's your culture right there Thank God we live in a civilized town when people shoot each other they say I'm sorry