What's this? Would you run me last night? Well, did it run out of her? Oh, we thought we did. Oh, no. It's so hard to do. It's so amazing. It's amazing. It's quite a tight heart. It's going to be a good day. Let me have a look at it. It's 35. It's because it's because it's 15 seconds. It's runnin' way to the earth. It's a very dodger in the room. This one almost happened a very hard attack. People are buying more things. I don't think I let it know. The thing goes with you can use your medical attention. You'll go into permanent syndication. Napaloo? I just think 200 C C's are wide-cane, and I do the line-trollers. I got to my job. I'm a fool. You're an enriching-nice, the only warning-time-on, and uncontrollable crossing and uncrossing a place. Excessive, percussive. As an annoying preoccupation with a superficial... And Roblo, Sabre Deals, it's Ringo. Oh, no. Call your local Mary Heart Association today. Because just a very hard piece. Too many. Okay, I'll buy that. By the way, Don Stutter is asked me to apologize for yesterday's show. It's a 10-o-8 at W-I-N-Z. He didn't really ask me to. I just thought that the very least I could do. Out of just common decency for the audience would be the... I didn't even hear it. You know, I was at Carter. I had a great day. Got in there for the fourth race, and there was Charlie Hussie. With that first-time start, is there anybody in the audience who believes that the new numbers work? They must work, because I see their lines flashing already. You know, the only problem is they didn't change the numbers on the instrument. Why didn't they do that? By the way, I'm going to read your memo on the ear, and just a minute, Mark Griffin, who has already embarrassed himself with that one of those recordings that we played back during the Helen Dale days, has outdone himself with a memo that is so incredible that it's unbelievable. It starts out to all personal, and it gets worse from there. That's the best part. That's the most literate part of the memo. But I'm going to save that for later, because we always say the good stuff for last. Okay, now it's kind of fascinating. I'm sitting here and watching there a couple of lines ringing, but the wrong numbers are ringing. What do you think happened to the old number? Do you think that there's some little old lady in North Miami Beach? Who's got the old number? And some little old, schlepper up in Tamarack is got the Broward number. Wouldn't that be exciting? I wonder what happens when you dial 62401-901? I'll let you know in just a second. It says, I'm sorry, but the station that you're calling is off the ear. What does that mean? 01-901 has been changed. Oh, is it that good? 624-9400-excellent. I wonder if that's the same woman who stole the tea. The one who gives you the numbers on the phone? I mean, that's not done with a machine. There is an actual woman who records all of those, right? How the hell does she have time to do that? It's always the same woman. If you go to Anchorage, Alaska, the same woman says the number you're calling. Where did they do with her? They got her locked in a time tunnel somewhere? Have you ever thought about that? Do you realize how many new numbers there are in town? Seriously, stop and think about that. There are thousands of new numbers probably every week. And this woman, this overworked a abused woman, probably slave labor. She's sitting inside a little room somewhere. She probably is. I bet anything she's in there with Harper. She's locked in the same room with Harper. And they throw it like a hamburger under the door every couple of hours. And they keep the two of them locked in the door. Yeah, this is it. Now this is the same genius who wrote the memo that I just read on the earfugs. So figure it out. We don't want to get the wood upset. Unless you're a hundred years old, the hall in jail. If the people there to go drive this place they'll fail, bring kids and caties with their taches to hide. They can't sit around no matter how they try. Look, there's a woman, all folks. Early birds special, they'll play by bees. Near death, folks running anything, they'll be a mystery. Now down the silver wedge, hanging up the sweet moon, when the current milk a man who hits. Out the door at goan. Big versus. shopping bag. Spray the names at grocery stores where ten things are below. Don't stop the folks and now they're there with their car stack up full moon. Acqutions, jubby, right at checkin' hurry, all their way. A tree goes in miles. I trip the last all day. I'm not just rude folks. Hey listen to me a ruckus shoe and wins radio. And it's all this stupid comments from their mouth flow. Hey fisher the town council about this awful mail. And wonder when you rush and say these things about highland down. I'll all settle on things. I want to even get called day in highland mail. By mail he keeps saying it up. He's going to be cut dead in Carroll City. I'll tell you that. Is that embarrassing or what? No. He's neo-riding. But she would be say on 624. What is that all about? She's been standing online in the T-store or what is with that? I don't understand her at all. Okay, we have two upper lines still in aid. Sixth serious. We're gonna see I should have known once talk about the governor. What is with these people anyway? Do they listen to this show? They probably want to talk about the governor. Then Lee was doing a poll on the hot clothing, hot stuff. What's your potential? It's a day in the year. What do everyone say? Lee is Italian. Say, Colleen. Would you be wanting to come over to my place to have the waxed machine? Lee? Ooh, now that I wasn't my detached living here. Lee, if you were in the green. I know there's a smart lucky. He's making sure her latties were in six or three green. The protection of the nephoric condoms. Don't be wishing I'd avoid this bloat. I'm sorry for the gift of God. Especially if you're planning on choosing some blind stones. The hair is wet, have you? Be it. Go for it in your peck. With the effect condoms. This run enough for a man. But I like him too. So, pick yourself a different condoms. And your work is picking anything else. I will think if I have an orcourished with her. You told me that 15 minutes later you were in the shower saying weeping and saying to God, oh God, I've been with a whore. Okay, 1032 at WI and Z. I'm wondering if we got to continue. This is kind of fun. Just go into the whole rack and especially pick it out. Stuff the gym, no idea. Let's see. Does anybody in Brower get wants to hear more of this stuff? Or do they want us to take calls? See from the Brower people. I want to hear hidden stuff from the rack that we just come across in here. Like all the Irish good stuff. Is there anybody wants to hear? All three of them within like three seconds. That must be I recalling huh? Hey listen, might as well play his material because he never plays it. I never hear him play all that stuff. He always just sitting there screaming and yelling and carrying on about injustice and poverty and racism. And all his other stuff that he makes up in his mind, you know? There's no injustice. There's no poverty, right? And there's certainly no racism. We know that having the listen to taffy for the last eight months. You can't wonder what this is. This is not a really good. This is not a big great. Well, see this though. Where is that we've gone? Wait man, I thought that's what we just had our minute ago. Sounds like the same one. Well, wait till he starts playing these cards on the earth. He ever does. They're all going to be stuck in the middle. I've been a working a week. The bill is still coming in. I have no money to pay for it. What? You're telling me kids. I don't even know why. I'm telling that insurance man. What a insurance man. Well, a couple of weeks ago, I made an application. I'm sure it's there. I'm for a policy on your life. A policy on my life. What? What? Well, you just said so. You've found for out what? For? You're sick of those no money coming in. And it could be worse. Listen, Ralph, I'll speak very plain. If you should die today, where would I be? Where would you be? Where would you be? Where would I be? Well, it's Ralph. I've only been thinking of the future. And you know you're not getting any younger. I'm not getting any younger. I'm not getting any younger. Don't say it Ralph. I'll say it. Say it when we got married, I was the one that had to get my mum's permission. I don't get you from the around. Don't get you from the everybody knows it's a husband's duty to provide for his wife's future. That's it. Just kind of like ends in the middle of the sentence there. Well, that, what the hell is that? Holy Toledo. Is that today's mail? Oh, it's not as bad. It's just the way you're carrying it. You know, he likes to be emotional with all this stuff. Make it look like there are 50,000 envelopes for the boon in the box. Just one more here, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What is this? Time was 1960. And the place was an important time. And all the jim, the man, the boy, the child. This is so cool. It was me. I thought you to 20 years. Yeah, that's enough for that. Oh, that's not a long car. That's what I think I'll let that recuse so I don't get all his sterico and upset emotional. Okay, so you got some good mail here, huh? Well, look at that. Probably ought to bring in John Holden to help us open some of that. Okay, well, I think we're going to take calls when we come back because the lines have been ringing with the sense of urgency that I've seen and even though cows are going to be very depressed about it, I think we ought to, well, we haven't even given the numbers out and they're going nuts out there today. Okay, let me give the numbers one more time. Just in case there's anybody who's, uh, does fun you immediately if not sooner. Just slam the phone down with incredible urgency. Okay, so we don't take messages. We don't have time for messages. We do have one open line and date at 624-9400. 624-9400. What are some really bizarre mail here today? Here's one in Japanese. I treasured your picture like a child with a toy. Okay, we can't, uh, we can't read that one on the air. Oh, we got all kinds of good stuff. Okay, let's start in Miami, Mr. Boonbox is on here. Hello? Yes. Good. Originally, I told this to you if anybody is thinking, uh, pet boom on the Murray King's Yoke, everything has to do that. How I'm just wondering if I'm going to do the fact that my article back is just... I knew you'd be getting nervous. I friend knew that I had sent you to board an over to you. Yeah. And then they wanted to see it. It's a bridge. Everybody's got a bottle of beer. Yeah. Well, you're not going to get nervous if we keep it a couple more days, right? I'd matter big you. No. Just so long as you go out to the right. If you just, no, don't worry about it. Well, we're guarding it with our lives. And as a matter of fact, when we've ordered 100 copies from Hustler, and when the copies come in, we're going to send you a brand new brand new one. Because the other one, I mean, not that it's in bad shape, but we feel at the least we can do as soon as you're virgin-company. Is that something? It's something. Just to just be enjoyed a weekend knowing that you're giving a lot of people out there, a humongous laugh. Eat me, I do. Okay. Thanks a lot. That's a guy who's supplied the Ubuntu box picture originally. Well, this mail today is really exciting. We got a postcard from Florence Italy from Steve Watch's name. The guy he used to do talk in this town and the who's kind of in limbo now. He always sends me a picture of these statues, these Italian statues with the penis. Yeah, he always, every time he goes to Italy, he's grab it. Yeah. In fact, the one statue looks just like Steve, now that you mentioned it. But yeah, he's got that thing. You know, and he always says, well, this is, you know, just because I know you enjoyed this humor, but I'm beginning to wonder, you know, after about the 14th statue, you begin to really wonder. And we have a little button here. That's good. For this mail today, it's like something you get out of a junk shop. Oh, I thought it was major coming in. It's worse. It's worse. It's Harrison. What do you want? Oh, that's good. World record game fishes. Yeah, don't let him do my show when I'm on vacation. Please, he's going to do a game fish. To do another one of those. What do they call those tournaments? Bill fish tournaments. Yeah, he'll be doing that for four hours on this show. Get him out of here. Hollywood, hello. Hi. You know, I have a son on the farm beach for the world. Thank you. Okay, wait a minute. Here we go. Ready? Okay, not Palm Beach. Holy, I mean, there's more than one. It's two. Oh, that's exciting. Okay, North Palm Beach. 8x. What is it? 6x8 6x8. 288 3. 8x8 3. South Palm Beach is 272. 288 3. Great. Why do you do the Great Kubrick service for us? Oh, it's great to help and get rid of the hell. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye. Okay, now I'll use this up there in Palm Beach County. You know, it's about time you got involved in something too. And of course, if you're offended by the fact that the Harold is turned into a yellow sheet. And also, by the fact that they are pandering so desperately, I mean, they admit now that they're pandering their desperate Periscirculation, they're running around the screaming and Spanish, please, you know, by the Harold. And if you'd rather read the Palm Beach post times of the, uh, a fun Sentinel or the news or whatever anything, you know, or even the New York Times, which I'll give that toll free number out again. If you'd like to have the New York Times delivered right to your door every morning. And it shows up double bagged. Even if the supermarket, they don't double bag anymore, but the New York Times gives you that double blue bag. Uh, you can call the Times a toll free 1-800-631-2500 for Home Delivery, 1-800-631-2500. And just saying note of the Harold by calling today and saying, ask the Lewego, cancel my Harold subscription in South Palm Beach called 272-2883. That's 272-2883. And a North Palm Beach. Do they hear us in North Palm Beach? Of course they do. Here's all the way up to Stuart. For that's exciting. 6-8-628-8-3. That's for North Palm Beach. 6-8-628-8-3. And of course we know that SDLotters listing please. Whatever you do, say note of the Harold for us this weekend. Probably listing it the Kennedy Compound 2 today, right? Of course. Miami Beach, hello. Yes sir. I was in my car yesterday about about 3-30 and I turned on the radio and it was on your channel and I hear the Michael Jackson tape. I think yeah so what's going on? Meal folks to be at the caller. And it goes off and it's not you. I don't think you're safe in your own station there with your material. I'm not even going to rip you off all over the dial and in your own house. Yeah, never trust any of these people. That's what I always say. Don't try I'm going to start locking all my stuff up. But I think you should do to protect your station. They should put a disclaimer on before these guys come on and tell you that you're driving your car. You should turn his eye because they can put you to sleep in my car. I don't think you're going to get much of a price on Leo Castilian. I think a lot of people know what you know. Yeah, well, plus it's an entry with the Gulch you know, it's probably going to be a shirt price. I think so but I don't think Gulch is going to win it. No. No but I rather cash than tear him up you know. Absolutely. Yeah, I'll be there Sunday. Okay, so thank you. I'll look for you. I'm going to take about a couple hundred thousand out there on Sunday. Which means I got to find a breeze truck between now and then and just to go nuts. See Mike Gonzalez had another couple of winners yesterday boys. He's going to have a meeting at Carter or what? Soto and Gonzalez trust me. Just plunge your brains out on Santiago Soto and Mike Gonzalez and you go home a rich puppy by the end of the summer. Howl and Dale. Hello. Yeah, I don't just want to say I injury it tastes much and I like to make a request. What is answer? Elephone man. As you have it. Telephone man. That's one of my favorite records. Sure. Appreciate here. But I don't have it. Maybe the FM has gone it. We'll try to find it. All right. Thanks. Good day. Where do you come up with that record? That's one of my all time favorite records. Why love that record? There's an open line in days. 624. 9400. Let's go with great trepidation to Halendale. Hello. Hello. I guess sunny hung up. I knew there would be no see. I just knew ahead of time. Don't trust Halendale. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was listening to the newsletter on the station. And I just felt so overwhelmed. I heard that when they see and all these sunny stories or banning cobbletalton magazines. Yeah. Windixie and tubics. From their racks because they had tickets and women's nudes rest. I mean, to me a break. Yeah. Give us a break is right. I just can't believe this. Yeah. In fact, I have the story right here. The publics and windixie companies have both pulled two magazine showing pictures of women's naked breasts. Off the shelves of their supermarkets in South Florida. The band publications are the June issues of cosmopolitan and glamour. So I have a feeling that everybody's going to be running to Albertsons or son or something else to get copies of them. Oh no. Well. Yeah. So. Okay. There we go. Is he just ran out of material. I had a feeling he had run out. He just, uh, speechless. Probably saw one of those breasts. Twelve minutes before 11 at WI and Z probably saw the aboon in the box. Picture you'd be speechless too. Okay. We have an open line in Broward now. Five, two, four, nine, four hundred. We're not going for quality today. We're going for quantity. We want a lot of calls. And we'll have to even be good. And of course so far. Green acres city wherever the hell at is. Hello. Good morning. Where are you? This is just west of Lake Worth. Oh boy. Yeah. We're up here and I got aging rapidly. No, don't. Agent rapidly. Well, no. I don't think so. Okay. So far, I haven't been so far. I got, uh, we got some petitions. My dress is like where so if you look for green acre city and records and wouldn't find it. I think. Uh, we got some petitions. And I was over at a shopping center nearby and some Yenta from century village to work. One of my petitions. So they're listening over there. I had the, um, the so far petitions. And she said, you listen and Neil Rogers. I said, yeah, yeah. I'm looking to listen to him. She took it and ripped it up. Unbelievable. And, uh, I have to take in her and ripped her up. Well, I, I was going to hit her. But, you know, it's like, you run out of, um, I, I just couldn't get that, you know, I figured she's going to, you know, she's gone soon anyway. So what's different? Honestly, I had a stiff from the hairl to come to my door. And, uh, I had sent him away. Told him I wouldn't buy his rag. And, uh, I get the New York Times weekly publication in, uh, on, uh, record because it, I can't read it in print anyway. So it doesn't matter, um, because I'm totally blind. But, uh, I, you are able to get the New York Times through to, if somebody's listening to you can't say and you can get the New York Times weekly news service through the, your local library. All of them, they won't print playboy for you anymore. They, uh, Congress said it wasn't right for the Library of Congress. Yeah, I remember that, yeah. Yeah, I was great. I'll tell you. So we're afraid you might feel something that, uh, we'll get you excited. I found another number by the way for, for, say, no to the Harold, uh, in addition to the one of the lady gave, I had called information, got the, uh, number for, circulation for the Harold in West Palm is, 69, 30, 33. 33. 33. For West Palm Beach. Yeah. I asked for the circulation number and I call it there and they answered circulation. So that's one. Okay. But that's another one that people can, uh, can use up and we'll try to resuscitate green acres and, uh, and get a few people, um, breathing up here. Okay. But thank you. Thank you so much for your help. All right. See you later. West Palm Beach, you would like to stay note of the Harold's 689, 303. And speaking of that, here right in my hot little hand, there's a gentleman in Fort Larvelle who sent to so far his endorsed check, his refund check of $20 and 66 cents from the Miami, Harold. Didn't we tell people that we instruct the folks to do this some time ago, and they're slowly, but surely beginning to get into the act. And he also sent us, uh, additional checks there for so far and even radio aid, which is incredible. And we thank him from the bottom of our, from the bowels of our existence, from the depths of our innards. We have a woman in a mobile phone. I can't believe it. Hello. How you doing? Great. All right. Yeah. I'm an available from my distance of my life. My home. I drive around the car all day long. Incredible. Yeah. Right now. And I love you so. I want to tell you that after you go off, I don't know what to do with my cell ball day. It's desperate. Anyway, when I want to talk about with this magazine crap, um, taking an magazine off the car to promote, uh, and I'm thinking of myself, you know, they have some children's, uh, magazines. So now, all of them, my, you know, take these magazines and start getting crazy. I think these stuff fit. Yeah. That's right. We better get those out of there too. I really think they have a test of me to be booked up. Might be very dangerous. Yeah. Somebody might get hot for Big Bird. Exactly. You know, big bird or they might take it. I might just be five to seven feet before. And we have a lot of problems. So I came out with the idea that the manual magazine. Don't have magazines in the story. Yeah. That's a good idea. And, in fact, maybe the next time we go into a windick's here, publics, we ought to take all the magazines and burn them. Exactly. You know, we can take them up to the front counter and say, look, I don't want this. I don't want to look at it. I want to film and sing it. I think it's a great idea. But if you have one thing, I was wanting it. It's other women's cell play I did. I didn't see the gospel, Montenegro magazine. I don't buy anything garbage. But anyway, but, um, you know, there's a level of intelligence that goes for that magazine. But why would the magazine that deals with women? Why the put a picture of women's presence on the magazine? Women don't give a damn what all women's presence work like. Can I not buy with a catered woman? Maybe they're trying to cater to a new, to a lesbian readership out there. Ah, okay. Well, if you read the magazine, we can never thought about that. And I will. And the dentist often doesn't know anything else around but that it really can't afford to do a sub-injective level. Yeah. But anyway, I think we're going to take that to me to read also the account or I'm going to get the next step. Something you should work on. Okay. We're going to get over to Windexy and publics the staff out and see what we can do. Yeah. We start, you know, ticketing again. Okay. We'll also be on the alert for any of bag boys with earrings, too. Oh, right. And the last time I did the ride, I forget what one it is. Either one. So, okay. Just the one. And even. I love you. Say you're not that. You really are. Okay. Dry with care now. Thank you. Thanks for giving me a live in the car. Okay. Look out for those pigs. Okay. Okay. So, you're going to be checking for earrings and not just in the ears either, by the way. So, you're really better, uh, clean house. Six minutes before 11 at Winds, we ought to do one more break this hour just to see how it works. There's nothing worse than being at loose ends about things. You know, that feeling that things just don't right, but you can't figure out why. Maybe it's stress or maybe you're pushing too hard and you can't feel it. That's a thing five at Winds. They don't forget to take your life savings and punch your brains out on Leo Castile in the Belmont, to market two for the price of one. Leo Castile and Golf's the Lee Roy Jolly entry. So, I would be at least a couple of bucks to show. Four more to deal. Hello. How you doing? Deal. Yes. I just want the compliment you on your four bandits. Including every minute. By every moment. Every moment. I'll tell you. When I listen to somebody other talk host, it's murderers and the AIDS and the clothing. So, I'm clothing. At least take it a poll on it today. I don't want anybody to miss it. An interesting. My your show is like me going to a neck club at the time. And I don't have to go neck club. I can listen to your. Yeah, the price is right on this show. Beautiful. Every verbal. Everything's coming out beautiful. Hehehe. I'm letting him hang out and it's beautiful. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's what Pat Boons said. The All-O-N-Histcase wasn't beautiful, but nothing in life is perfect, right? Well, I think we just have time to play Mark Griffin's O-D-Hall-and-Dale before the end of the hour. See he's up there messing with that. In fact, we could do a lot of wild things because he's changing the logger tape. That's always the time when you see him doing that out of the corner of your eye. That's always the time to let loose with a few good ones, you know? Do we have that or did somebody steal that too? First they stole the memo. And next thing, you know, they're going to be stealing this master piece. No chance, boy. Who wouldn't turn this loose? This is going to be on the FM tomorrow as a matter of fact. Are there new format? Okay, it's... Ha ha ha ha. Well, listen, wasn't that good enough? No, come on. And this is where a hundred years don't move the hall in Dale. Is there people there to go drive this dance they'll fail? By the way, it's his birthday today, so we wish him happy birthday, but... We want to play any more of this on his birthday. Can he handle him? Okay. Me and kids and caddies with their dancers too high. Then you can't sit around, no matter how they try. Who cares? Volban, douchebag, folks. Early birds, specials, where they buy these. We're there, folks. We're running anything next. Why play this under the news headlines, Michael. I'm over here, chain up the street and no one will come. Those come in, oh, heads out. The door goes. Yeah, you can say that again. Okay, well, that's going to do it for this hour. And of course, what can I say that has not already been said about that. Here all alone don't get panicking. I would local and every news headlines. Or, you can, you know, those of you who are into queshoes, but we got a special surprise for you in the new hour, our guest in the 12 o'clock hour is going to be the late Jack Berry. Now come on, let me try and get this drink. All right, Senator. Your testimony is that bomb and fallen had a plan to get some contra aint. Is that that his correctster? He's sell our weapons to Iran to get that contra aint. That's contra is with a plain old hand and a plain old there. Here alone, there alone. Everywhere a plain old. That's right, Bob McFarlane had a plan to get some contra aint. So all my fallen has that plot to get that contra to do. Yes, but when the going got too hot, because he's hate no more. About the old man and a valiant man. He'll appear better people in the way to found out. Bob McFarlane had the plan to get some contra aint. Yes, I'm Hosh C. Well, thank you for playing this. Not off, gentlemen. And thank you, Senator. And I would advise your accounts, so that before any further testimony is heard, you have that, Yeah, that's true. Yes, sure. So 1107 at WINC, we're going to continue our live coverage of the Iran J hearings in the next hour when Jack Very shows up. Okay. When you were little kid, did you watch or you're not old enough? Winky, Dan, can you? Would Jack Berry? You did watch that. You had one of those little, of course, your screen was probably black. Right? Yeah, my screen just put over the couldn't see Jack Berry anymore. That's our roster to you when you got the wrong way. Just can't figure out what he wants to be. The next week I hear he's going to be cut. He's going to convert and become white. Next week, which is really going to be a trip. That's going to be great. Hollywood, hello. Oh, Neil. How you doing? I'm pretty good, you. Okay. I'm calling from Hollywood, the first time calling. Well, nobody's perfect, sir. And the, congratulations on your show. It's pretty good. Yeah, it's okay. Did you watch the game last night? Oh, I watched a lot of that came, yeah. I watched it right to the end because I was in my glory. I loved every second of it. I hated it. Why? I'm a person friend. Well, yeah, but you realize it's your outmatched, you're outclassed. You're in a different league. Well, these first two games, yeah, I'm going to agree with you. But what are you things going to change when they go to the garden? You think something's going to change? Mark, come on. You know it doesn't have. Oh, not in this case. You know what I'm saying? You know, playing marginal teams like Detroit, and they can get, you know, pay off your officials, you know, that's one thing. Oh, we know, I think that the rate of our buck doesn't have enough money to pay off enough people to, you know, fix this. I don't know. Well, you think he does. Boy, what it be to later is they had gone to the final. And so would Milwaukee. So I don't think Boston, but. Does it involve another weight of my butt, tone of the way you admit even though your Celtics ran that Detroit and Milwaukee were better teams than the Celtics. Yeah, but they couldn't beat them. But that means they had more people. And they were playing a better kind of ball, but, you know, when I go, well, let me ask you a stupid question. I mean, I know it's illegal, but people have been known to better dime or two and tell you, you don't bet on basketball, do you? Yeah, dude. You do. Okay, now are you going to be betting on the Celtics in the third game? Probably betting for the Celtics for the next four games, and I think they're going to. Oh, come on. Now who did you bet on the first two games? I didn't bet those games. I thought I thought they were going to lose the first two. Oh, you're not a richo. You're right on schedule. Go far, yeah. Uh-huh. They're not used to going down to games to nothing, but no. For all those that they make your friends. Wait till they go down three games to nothing, then they're really going to not be used to it. And when they get behind four games to nothing, then they're really in for a surprise. Because then the surprise is there's no fifth game. I think they got the lakers. This is where they want them now. Yeah, exactly. They had two games to nothing, and they're bringing them into Boston. What are they going to do? Why is there something? Well, you know, it's just changed now when you get to. Or they're going to do jam them all into Rock Spurin and get them locked up in there or something? No, that little leprechao will be right on the rim there. Not at all the whole thing. Well, well, I have a line for that, but I better not use it. Okay. Well, something about the rim. Well, listen, good luck to you, and may the good news be yours. All those lakers fans will say, but I think. Line, okay. Okay. We shouldn't gotten his number. Boy, that we have lead me. We'd probably burn out the lines with people anxious to bet with that guy, right? Boy, a fool and his money are soon parted. It's interesting what you wrote on was at a 40-inch slipy wrote, WET, BOKA. Hello. Good morning, Neil. It's not wet here, but I'm sure it will be soon. I'll keep listening to the show long enough, sir. That's right. That's right. That's right. Listen, there were two talk shows yesterday, two comments shows that I was very disappointed where it was taken call. What was on your station? What was on the CNN? The one on your station was your close personal friend, Donna Stodder's. Oh, that was a great show, man. And we apologize for it never again. Well, you know, I mean, he was, I was not expecting him to talk about what he does and all that. And the second part. He can't talk about what he does. Well, the second part of the show had all these public visits on there, and that's that's nice. That was pretty easy for him. And the first part was something about juvenile balance with C, but I wanted to call it an Ask him. Why he doesn't review any current movies on the air. He just reviews movies that have been out of ready for two months. That's because Donna's juvenile and the link went. But I was curious that the other thing was your other close personal friend Larry King. Well, I have so many of me, uh, I'm seeing it in. Why so questions, sir? I was just a catcher with tattoo on my ass now. I forgot about it. We went out to eat and I forgot to set my VCR. It was un-bulletable. Some boats, I did manage to call in and tell him what a great job he did, uh, stealing, uh, you know, little Richard and Fat Salvador songs. Are you serious? And King, to use your term was, uh, tinkling all over him. What a great interpreter of rock and roll he is. I said there and I thought it was, I thought I was polluted. I thought it was an acid splash back. I thought maybe the fire science theater was writing material for him. Orson Wells lives sir. On Larry King's body. I couldn't believe it, but I was dying for, uh, to the opportunity to cough through to King and, uh, mentioned something about someone in Miami, distributing pictures of, uh, Mr. Boons, uh, jet-attalia and, uh, I was very disappointed. I didn't have the opportunity to do so because I think it would have been nice. Not only to, uh, let Pat know or let the world know, well, Pat, Pat, but also, uh, you know, a little shot of King and what him tried to figure out who in Miami or the radio, uh, oh, he would know. Wouldn't know. Yeah, he would know. He would know. Great. So, you know, but, uh, it was, it was pretty bizarre. I, I just, I mean, boom was on for like a quick minute and then they had, or the dollar on which was just really wonderful. You know, it's good thing Gordon get hold of one of those pictures. And, uh, and, uh, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, I was just too much, you know, it was too much. By the way, um, I got a, uh, a survey in the mail today from, uh, uh, my, uh, congressman wanting to know what I feel about different issues, defense spending, social security, blah, blah, blah. You didn't have a right in spot in there, but I made my own and I wrote, uh, something that he started paying attention to at the FCC, is doing to first the amendment right. So, it's a good idea. Uh, this kind of year, uh, well, not necessarily this kind of year, but just generally kind of, if people like to send these things out to, they can't do that for nothing anyway with their mail privileges. So, you're out of it, uh, probably would be a little far to say, would do their own right, and so, that is well. Well, I'm all in favor of mail privileges, I'll tell you that. Okay, hang in there. You're fine. See you later. Oh, I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit, how you doing, Pat? How about hanging? Okay. Get him off here. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, here he is, in spite of popular demand, well, you're sure picked a good day to come in, and there are all three sheets to the window, day. Oh, wow, wow, a job. Ha ha ha ha ha. Don't start, uh, you know, on a sour note, let's write this real into a stinking thing you have in your hand. You don't matter how many times, I give you goods for guards. I mean, really good, expensive and inexpensive for guards. It doesn't do any good the next time I see you you've lit up one of the worst You see this card I got in the mall today Signed loves Steve from our friend Mr. King in Florence Italy really yeah, I had turned it up But I put it back together. He's over there, but he's gonna go over there He sees these statues and he just gets hysterically and always writes me a card and says it reminds him of me And unfortunately I'm not quite as well. I'm doubt is that one statue there, but I just the guy just incarnate. Oh, this is Steve King I know the nose nose. Oh, okay because he's done this in a past and the fun begins He says when he comes back. Oh, he's in for a big surprise the fun begins on Monday When Stan Major who's sitting to my right with no cigars a matter of fact, which is very rare is that an almond? No, it's my first day in the building so I decided to be a man. I want to stink it up. Well, I strictly I'm not gonna smoke that Future piece of crap you got coming out of your mouth. I'll tell you that man. I'll tell you I'm a cigar connoisseur and when somebody wants me out of the studio You know How are you? In the whole studio last night. Oh, yeah, I was really good about 10 pounds more than when I walked in the door I think and thank God you didn't tell me about the dessert tray until it was time for dessert So I would have waited you won't believe this but the brick oven pizzeria is sending food over at noon today Hmm, it's just an honor of you being a Lord you're really different Neil and I gotta tell you this I don't know whether or not I you're really intimidating and I don't know whether I can follow you. Okay, get lost No, I was leaving the shortest hit well, of course You've done a lot of jobs like that. I guess a lot of us have I once was hired at WBUD and Trenton New Jersey to be the PD Seriously and I accepted the job and I looked around the town and I came back and I had left something in the station Like a resume or something I came back and got in my left How many days sales manager who is here on Tuesday for about 15 minutes? You're not gonna believe this But I don't believe it exactly the same thing happened Today did really in Trenton same radio station WBUD same radio out was that old guy with a light here that A little lady lady on it. Oh, yeah, okay. It's about two or three miles out in the country the other way you're getting places Hook, you know if they have a car or ask for a ride from somebody I didn't happen to have a car at the time I'd had it my mind was a repossessed So I asked what was repossessed is this a way to begin? You know I'm not I mean we're not nine come on. We're talking about way back Yeah, my 20 years ago So I went into the city and I didn't even go back to get my resume I love them at my resume. I got on a train on bucks struggle anyway. How are you? You sure do sound different. What does that mean? What I don't know what are you taking? Anything like yeah, we said not a lot these days. I'll tell you very All these naughty words on the radio that well, we can't do it at least you can talk about it Oh, you yeah, right you can say it. Yeah. Well Like what do you spend? No, you can't say do you spend on a year? Oh, okay, okay Well, he's not tapping the cow on folks So when you're gonna call Nixon or we're gonna get to you And we're not gonna want to go play that tape on a year man. I'm I'm leaving. Why? I mean you can't do that. They played a career out of that one accident And it was a man who has news would have to give me permission. No, they wouldn't know that was under previous ownership that company has been dissolved really Sure Hmm Man, I call now How much else it's two cars anything you like that company no longer exists Or you tape Alice probably the most material right no, no, I don't not anymore not that's the listening to you I'm gonna steal all yours. Okay. I'm gonna come and play your car crack every after fine with me You don't have to have any fear now and Glenn Hill plays it again. That's gonna be the end You can play it but not Glenn Hill. I just fuzz me when he gets his Rubby hands and Iraq and starts Did you hear what he did yesterday with a Michael Jackson glove and he played the wrong What what do you mean on channel 10? Wait a minute. Hello Yeah, Davy. Yes. What does this mean on channel 10? Well last night. I guess when you're out there They had the scared straight 10 years later. Yeah, they ran it on the bleeped Yeah, of course with all the words. That's what I said the other day if you put it on in the form of a documentary The same words that are allegedly harmful are no longer harmful But if it you just say I'm in the middle of a show that all of a sudden people are gonna start falling out You know passing out in the middle of the street from the bottom of his direct quote That somebody else say yeah, that is okay. You can say don't say it because you know I'm sure there were kids watching that from eight to ten Yes matter fact that whole thing that program is aimed at kids Right keep muddow jail I was just surprised that I never heard the time language on a regular network space Well, does that show you the hypocrisy of the SEC what a bunch of Just aggravating the anger bags there Aggression and then you know, I just think maybe they're gonna go test case and see what's gonna happen No, no, that's aired like that before and nobody gets excited just like all the breasts on pbs The longest there from a third world country you can show all the breast you want They're American women with large breasts then immediately they're gonna put you in jail Well, I was on last night by the way on one of the channels what I don't that movie That's what I just said no the movie about the dinosaurs where they had all the need dinosaurs would make it breasts no the native ladies No, I don't know what channel that is a way to make a figure out Somebody an unincorporated date who's upset over waiting so long as hell with this test? Are you upset? Yeah, what are you upset about? The phalpics they did it in the lose by 40 there was first two oh They've been dated by body sensors the lakeers didn't cover the lakeers didn't do a good enough job Don't worry about I used to be a self-expand up until Saturdays game the last 17 seconds of the game were disgraceful Yes And you didn't put my spot on Wednesday about the Celtics what's fine? I called you up and thought you I told you I bet on the game with my sister Yeah, you didn't run it. Why didn't run what? What is he talking about what do you mean? I didn't run the call What do you think we need to take the calls? What are you talking about? Are you there sir? Yes, I'm here. I just need to be more punch Huh? I think I've had your show on too long. Okay, well, listen go listen to Lee Fowler. He's taking a good poll today Okay, we have some open lines if you want to talk to Stan Major and find out what the hell he's gonna do here Well, I'm not gonna be here that long. What do you mean? I'm where you going now where no I have to take the tour Mark's waiting for me screw him the tour come to get a laws I don't do that. He's just hired Oh yeah, you got a lot of knowledge. I got to go. He's got memos to type in here. Tongue get laws Is he telling us alone in here? Mark's still right memos? I have some memos and Philadelphia that are clashing really. Yeah, good. Let's blackmail them with him Okay, we have an open line in Broward five two four niney four hundred and a couple of open lines in day six two four niney four hundred. It's eleven twenty two a W. I'd say Peter where are my cards? Where's my stuff? Oh, man. I'm trying to these people on the FM you know, they pretend they pretend that they want to share But I'm a little nervous. You know, they're hiding old gangers back there hiding all the good stuff until Monday He wants to play a first on Monday morning, right? I know the way those FM people are they're insecure and paranoid and Very jittery and of course if you've seen a book, you want to say what okay 22 past eleven and when's let's do a break We'll come right back Over the way what's this the new tactic now to get on fast hello? Are you upset? No, I'm not upset. Okay hold on in nine Get us There's something because you have to go to the city to send me a new and you first call. Oh, okay Okay, I got a question for you It seems that you're asking for people's opinions on the air like the other day when you're when you're talking about this This great you're a oil thing and I got on the air and I had a different opinion Wait a minute, wait a minute. I wasn't talking about it in the first place. You either guide a call in and said Are you talking or I said wasn't talking? I know that day you are you're definitely talking about it wrong wrong whether or not wrong who died or wrongs or heroes wrong? No, I wasn't talking you got the wrong show pal get lost the guy Wanted to see it a bet with his buddy that he keep you on the phone for two minutes Well, it was wrong. Yeah, there's nuts Look what you did the phone now you got the a Glenn Hill magic all of us on the phones have almost all gone out But that's no big deal I've got I have gone right here program before by walking in the studio I will let's get with it here. What the hell do you say you do? Just write your program in the future see you as the time let me give those numbers again into the lines arc full I'll mention my name so they know who's here. Okay, Steve Kain is here Very farber When you settle for Stan Major what do you mean mention your name? I've been promoting the hell out of y'all Week you better do a good show Monday God, I don't know what I'm gonna do Don't tell Mark you mad. Well, let's talk about your own John's yeah, you're obsessed with the Miami vice by the way just obsessed There are any young ladies in the I came back there any young ladies in the audience by the way who like a date this weekend Stand basically only worse than radio to get dates on the air. I just like I need movers this weekend Oh, movers and then dates next week. Yeah, all right. Okay. Let's just try and forward waterdale. Hello Yeah, did you want to go out with Stan? No, I don't think you're his time Go ahead Yeah, I know how you doing Mark. How you doing Mark? I want to talk about the scared straight program that was on my last time. Okay. We don't use names on earmark. Okay Okay, um did you feel that was real? I didn't see it. I saw it the first time which is years ago like 10 years ago It was real. Yeah, and the whole part of the behind that is to have You made Your chair and not doing any crime. You're the crap out of right that is that correct They're supposed to just be beat up as scared them to this so they don't do any crime Yeah, and you notice that we have no kids coming crime in America today. So obviously is very effective Well, I am speaking from experience I have been in prison I am pleasantly incarcerated I am here for something that I did not do I was in prison for something I did not do. Yeah, okay All the takes are someone to find a statement again, too Okay, and you're gonna be arrested and you're gonna be thrown in jail and you're gonna stay in jail And you might even be convicted of something you didn't do and you're gonna go to prison and Tang your 15 years down the rear they figured out well this guy isn't the one that did it Or let's write him out But you gotta go through all that aggravation and all that torture and all that mental and and physical abuse you have to put up with Increasing All right, and I don't think it what that show I mean it needs to be updated. I mean it needs to be they need to have people Right mean that's been the prison for something we didn't do and talk into the American people and tell I mean you can be walked in down the street tomorrow and they can arrest you for somebody said that you robbed them Yeah, and you're gonna go to jail. You're gonna stay in jail until you prove you didn't love that man Now is this this way I mean to complain about over-trugging The jail's are packed they got people sleeping on the floor. I mean it's not right Good luck good luck you Mark 29 past 11 at W. Y and Z and I mean what do you want me to say to him? Well, he forgot one little thing that he didn't mention at all I'm not gonna start to mr. Wright wing here is gonna I mentioned mentioned it didn't mention at all the the justice system the fact that you think I'm gonna Do you want to I said you're a resident of my daughter jail you gotta understand dance country You're not a resident go to jail My audience well, I'm not gonna argue with them guys obviously in a traumatic situation Sticky's in forlater to bun thee You want to fry him because that these audience you know all 10 of them are sitting out there all those old bags Very nervous because they don't know where you're coming from they think it's probably another raving liberal that I brought in here I mean this man sleeps with his Ronald Reagan doll every night Ted Bundy Should not even have been He shouldn't have seen the second day in a jail Some police officers some very smart some very stupid police officer should have pulled out his 357 Magnum and blowed Bundy off the face of the earth about 10 minutes after he was arrested I fact I wouldn't even have gotten Monday to the police station That's what I would have done with Ted Bundy Okay That's our new link of are the money we would have saved the state of Florida. Yeah You know what it is caught as if for a while I'm trying to write me what wilder didn't they they blew him away Right Who's who's wilder? Oh, that's right you haven't been done here. He was the guy that was kidnapping the girls down here and they finally in New England They found him and when was that? Oh, buddy you're a go couple of years ago. Yeah, no, it's more a couple of years now I guess When you're out in Phoenix for years Who's your wilder? Oh, that's right. You were in Phoenix with Tom Don't like us. I don't even want to talk about Phoenix You don't want to talk about time you don't like I know that he or I'm not even It's like saying there's something going on between major and Tom don't like us Because he won't talk about the guy he just refuses to what's there anything But I can say nice things about Phoenix Except they don't have any water. Do you know what I mean? It just likes to grettle the other day every time I mentioned Rick Weaver It was like his hearing aid when I was Rick Weaver stole a lot. Yeah, boy, does he need a bath? I'm Tony Mean he has some baths in sphoria? No. Oh, okay since buffalo all right You're sure it's great Neil Too bad I dropped in I was enjoying it in the car before I came in I think you ought to uh, you know you haven't been here for seven years now though courses stand made his mark by making an accidental call and he's made a whole career Out of his phone call to Richard Nick's I sang Clemente. He's made a whole career out of it It was incredible we went on the year in late April was it April? late March is really good to be so definitely talk about old times I'm a Neil Rogers Who cares he like he like to forget about him so he is embarrassed the way he milked that accident it was an accident Who I only knew that number by the way Mickey Dane Who's with a bee gave him the number remember who's with a bee? No, Mickey Dane you're gonna remember this Mickey's friend This is Nixon a bouquet of roses for the birthday This is Nixon's fat Mickey a telegram thanking her yeah, what miss was Nixon did not What somebody I slipped around making if he asked me or what what miss Nixon did know Pat Nixon was that they put the phone number on the telegram Yeah, where the call originated from and Mickey of course being his devious Ashe is put a spell on Pat Nixon who then turned into a frog And while while hopping through the winds atrium then turned into Stanley J Cohen which is incredible and since then Mickey has turned Stanley back into a frog I'll bet you do not know how this atrium came into being well, I know that de-cast for built this build I did catch for a build the building but he had the atrium put in because there were times when he couldn't find the john Well, cast for always had a problem I Let's talk about the banney hero how do I subscribe I Want it tell you one thing if you If you describe to the hero you could have the shortest shift I have to read the paper I have a look here for something to think that Linda Thornton did I haven't seen anything. I haven't heard anything. What if our lackey is not too busy in the programming office? They get into one little box there and find a Harold article. She did pretty nice thing about you and she said the taffy basically was, you know, never stole a freight train but she was boring. And she was. Taffy was terminal to be honest with it. Well, I'm going to be boring. I am. I'm going to be absolutely boring. In fact, I have decided that for the first week I'm not going to take any calls. I mean, I don't want to talk to these people who are out. And I always want to say as how wonderful it is. You know, I'm glad you're right. Right. Or breath if what you should set some ground rules, you should say you don't want to hear anybody say you're a breath or fresh here. Oh, they might say you're a ground rule. There's ground rule is that you cannot call the program the fewer. I'm a cage of 60. If you're under the ages, I know they age as 60. You cannot call the other. Okay. I hope Marshall is thinking we're going to reconsider this whole move. And the second thing is we're going to say nothing but negative things about the arrogors for a good time. I feel okay. I'm used to that. I'm used to that. He's looking for all the daffy gold mispets for there. Going to be in a feony frenzy. Probably get same and Marcy to call hot now. What was the, well, listen, I got a point to do on your getting all excited there. What, what's she mean when it says previously cool down after in in decisive talk host Neil Rogers final the 2 p.m. You know, I think they speaking into the mic of my mother's talking about something else. Is it your first, they got John Penis. Is it where you are? This was a picture. Guy came out from the Harold and took a whole set of, and then they always say, I was the one of the traffic. Yeah. No, they were going to do a traffic story on me. Oh, just be glad they did what I last. Do you ever see the one they've done me? Yeah. Oh boy. Oh, well, come on. Look at they're not going to print 300,000 wonderful things about you. Fantastic. They're all. Eighth years. They got the name. They got the name. And I'm not fall. He's not going to let me read this. All right. Let me do a break. Well, Stan is reading the story. And if you'd like him so far, just wait. Hi. This is Ron Harrison. How would you and the family like to take off for three days? Well, if you take off to the Darrell Hotel and Country Club, you won't be disappointed. Friday's Saturday and Sunday for a golf vacation. A beach vacation and a spa vacation all rolled into one three day vacation of fun. It's the Darrells. Three for fun family vacation. Go for dad at the Darrell Hotel and Country Club. The beach and Atlantic Ocean for the kids at the Darrell Hotel on the ocean. And a beautiful experience for mom, the new world plasterwell, Saturneus, five resort. Your one key at the Darrell Hotel and Country Club opens the door to guest privileges to all the Darrells of Florida in Miami all close by. And they're all offering something different for each member of the family. And that is super price. Just 60 to 50 per person per night double occupancy with a two night minimum and no charge for children come out to the Darrell Hotel and Country Club spend a weekend with me. I'll be broadcasting there June 20 from one to three p.m. That's the Darrell Hotel and Country Club. Call them at 5 9 2 2000 5 9 2 2000. The Darrell Hotel and Country Club. But hurry. Rooms are limited. Welcome, car shoppers and car buyers to the price of the century. Yes, it's the price part of the century. I both are involved in large stadium with thousands of cars and trucks and all weight classes. Toyota, Chevrolet, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Othabiel, Dodge, but amazing. Mazda, Accurus, Suzuki, is a beautiful, super-aliency cheaper now. And hundreds of views prize by fleet for your business. There'll be champions at deals this weekend at these price fighters square-off and extra-insetters for some like-dears like no money down. No payments to 88. Zero for that APR financing. Cash free base up to $1,200. Three factory options. $2,500 guarantee traded on any news car purchase. Plus a discovery cruise worth $59 for their left with every car or trip demonstration. And now, wait, whose this stepping is the rain? Why it's you coming down this weekend to the price part of the century? Actual locations. Both the aren't golden, not price stadium. And the winner is you! My Lord, don't alarm. Have you all lost? Request. Oh, yeah. Give it a light. You! Buh! I bet it's worth $1,000. Yes, good. Yeah, when you're looking for a light beer, with a lot more taste than this commercial. Ask for a binding. Grab by. Real, camera, Gorbache, nothing. This looks like a fine, nuclear weapons treaty. Buh! We have those toys. Good idea. Giving a light. Cool! Wait! How did you just plug your light before? Grab by. Ask for a binding for a route. Run by the light. Twenty-two before noon at WI and Z. But why that was really exciting, Neil, Do I get to play those two on my show? No. Good! So what do you think, a Linda Thornton's article, A wife, I said wonderful and, you know, I'm pretty nice. Well, I want to make this. I want to meet this year, buddy, quickly. She's already spoken all over. Okay, I saw Michelle. I love Michelle. She looks great. There we go. Next to me, back on Connie Hicks, if you tracked her down again. Where is she? You know, the one thing about Stan that's always amazed me. Stan has these, Stan has a set of Monday. I've good taste and plenty of time. He has a pretty nice, right? Phantom mystery. It romances in his own mind. In other words, he has, right now, Romanian. Romanian alladements with people who don't even know who he is. A Tom Johnson. Yeah, don't start that rumor, boy. That's all we need. Why? But I loved Tom Johnson. And he always returned to Miami. No, Tom Johnson. Tom Johnson? Yeah. More than that. Why? That's bad for my image. What's he got to do with you? Nothing. Huh? Personally, he needs to shave first with Johnson. Yeah. They can do anything you want to do as far as I'm going to. Oh, yeah, I think there is something. I think in your advanced stage, you're beginning to develop earlier. Only two men in my lifetime that I would go to bed with. James Dean and Tom Johnson. Well, I would start on James Dean because he can't fight back. No. No. Now, what is that all about? What's that? The Don Johnson thing? No, you do one of them. I mean, what is that all about? You're such a notorious womanizer. Yeah. I mean, I mean, the man is the idea. I would try to explain to you, but you don't know who Lori singer is. Well, somebody please tell him, I know Lori singer. I also Bruce Singer is. He hasn't the slightest idea who the, this young lady is. The, how she came out of fame and she's the hottest female actress in Hollywood. What do you have to do with James Dean and John Johnson? You're on you. She did the video with Don Johnson. She did this 30 minute video. That's Don Johnson and Lori singer. Now, my problem is if I had, if I was offered my choice of either Don Johnson or Lori singer to go to bed with as a guy who's perfectly straight and loves women, I'd have a real problem making that just something. I finally got to a friend's. Oh, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't. I mean, if somebody else told me this, then I wouldn't probably find it as amusing, but this was hysterical. Is there something there that I'm missing? No. I like Don Johnson. Okay. I'll tell you. Man's beautiful. Well, I'm telling you one thing. The first person we're going to get you to is our optometrist of an artificial dichotomy guy. I mean, let's get serious if Don was going to do it. I'm not going to do it. On my shongan Institute, a Miami Vice filming on your, your obsessed with Miami Vice. Well, listen, when you're in places like Phoenix and Philadelphia, you watch Miami Vice. It's a good show. You never watched it because you were extremely jealous of a success because it was on at the same time you were on it night. Yeah. You're on the night. What do you hear now? What's my excuse now? I don't know. I got a headshot from the first show. Miami Vice is pass in Miami. Don't you understand that maybe that's why. That's fine. But a lot of people, those are something that you didn't hear. Go out and sit on cacti. No, eat Mexican food. And then they go out and sit on cacti. Yeah. Go a lot of that. A lot of them hang around the cacti is here too, but that's another show. Don't you want to inform the people here where they can see? Philip Michael Thomas and Don Johnson when they come in. I want to tell you notice a big tourist attraction, a little inside story about this man. He came at a town what last weekend? Yeah. Last time we were in begging for this job. And anyway, while he was here, why was here? The only thing he was calling frantically called Paul Steinberg, the former state senator. And everybody who's ever been invented trying to find out where they were filming my advice. And as it turned out, they weren't filming last week. But I definitely did. I did get a couple of names of people who are going to help me. And we're going to inform the tourist not to come back. I don't care about being able to be done, Johnson. No, we're going to inform people. We're going to have a hot line saying, if you want to see the filming of Miami vise today, here's where they're going to be. Oh, good to be that every day. There are other guys in the audience who want to go to bed with Don Johnson. Let's hear from them. Sandra, as Fonte Aguado, there's lines lit up already. Sandra Sondigabas, all right, too. You know, Don Johnson lives on star island. You do know that. You told me. Yeah, it's true. And I've been trying to get out there ever since. They won't let you out there, especially now. No chance. Was that a guy who, oh, that was Don Johnson? With a crank call. Well, that, he was, they're passing messages. Major and Johnson are passing messages back and forth. We take, I will. We take the call. See, you can down here. You're expecting to see all of the, your phonyness that they put on a net. Oh, no, it wasn't. Oh, no, no. I didn't hear. I knew that. I know what, Ganti would, with the Miami vise and Don Johnson. When you see all of those. Think buildings. That art deco stuff. Your whisk starts to go limp after you're seeing. Enough of that art deco stuff. That's what got you. That's what got you off the beaten pants of the speed. No, so the most famous line about my advice was if, if Miami really looked like Miami vise, everybody in the world will be moving there. Well, I decided to try it. And it doesn't look like that. Not sure. Remember the tour I gave you that guided tour south forward the last weekend. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, but I went back and did it right when I went to base side. Oh, yeah, here we go. Okay, listen, I'll just get off the walk. You can do an hour on base side. Can you believe this man has never been inside base side friends? How many years has he been here? Yeah. And he's never been inside base side. And there was no way that I could convince him to go inside base side. I love all of our job. And I was with a bear. I wouldn't have thought inside. If Robbie Benson were there, you would have. Well, that's another story. What do you think base side really is? Since you've never been in there and you have no concept of what it is. A place where a bunch of desperate people go to cruise each other. The only problem is in Miami, nothing ever happens. Because the people who are so anti-social, they cruise with blinders on like a horse and a horse. Yeah, I agree. I don't see each other. I'm very unfriendly with it. Yeah. It's true. Except for the police. They're very friendly. Their eyes are, you know, going on the sides of their head. So by bus to the base side? No, base side is, you will be in the base side. You realize that. When I walked in there, the whole, the whole or of Miami changed. And it came alive. What are you with? You're from base side now. If became a little bit of a reason. You're joking. Baside. You can drive down Collins Avenue. Go to the beach. You can go to South Beach. And then come over to base side. And it's an entirely different, completely different civilization. Now I don't know how I'm going to get you down there. What do we have to do? And Port Robby Benson and having to show down there to get you down there? Robbie Benson is an old man. Okay. Who looks like a ten-year-old kid? Okay. All right. Well, who aren't you always suspicious? I am a person. I don't know who you have a crush on at this state. So I can't, you know, I don't, I did hear you mention Robbie Benson. It's only an ugly rumor. Folks don't believe anything that this man said. You're going to have done Johnson on Monday? Yep. I bet you if you called Marlon Bailey today, he'll get you done Johnson is against him. You're a show. I'm going to have, I'm going to keep promoting him until he comes on. And then what? Then I'm going to do something. And then I'm going to start in on Sandra's Santa's. I'm going to be in on Sandra's Santa's Aguero. O'Lity of Brown. Edward James on. They'll let Michael Thomas. Are you just going to go down the list? Yeah. In other words, you want to do something. When Michael and Michael go, what is the Michael's? No, what it comes down to? Isn't that what it boils down to? You want to screw the whole case? No. You probably really love the show. It's the dynamite show. And the only thing a bug's me is that they had this dynamite character called the New Man in first season and they never brought him back. And I want to find out about that. Let's not talk about Miami by anymore. You say it's pass day down here. It's very big and filled up in Phoenix, man. It's your condoled. They love it. But it's pass day down here. And what are you looking for? I'm not going to sit here and stall while he luts on the card. I'm going to shut my mouth. Hey, look, they're used to us. You're a show. They're used to it. They're here every now and then they feel like they're listening to W.J.R. and Detroit. The great voice of the great lakes. Okay. If you always want to be one of those guys, no, I never had that kind of a voice. You do. You could have done it. Oh, listen, I used to hear these guys on KMOX when I was growing up. KMOX, the voice of St. Louis. Never had the testicles to be able to do that kind of thing. Well, you can't say a ball's on the air. Can you have a talk about basketball? All right. Okay, let's do another break because this man is... Dude, it's not saying because he can't find what he wants in the car. I can't find it. Probably Glenn Hill is still in all the yesterday. Oh, wait a moment. Yes, I'll take place. Okay, 10 before noon at W.Y. and Z. Neorangers. We've been told to when... Who's on a date early? So chin is going to be on a date. Then be holding early, pre-sundown services this afternoon. It's going to be bees and we need on the early so chin show. St. Mayjur is here just wasting a lot of time. And if there's anybody in New Orleans wants to call it. He's also infatuated with any of the Aminie vice cast. We certainly invite that. Homestead. Hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay. Welcome back, Stan. Thank you. You guys together, where by Noah as they say? A one? A by Noah. By Noah, yeah. The thing with John Johnson I can fairly relate to because not, you know, I'm a closet Federal myself, but a white little sister is, you know, has the typical infatuation and the thing that he lives in Orlando and not here. She thinks that's what Miami is really like. And I was up there last weekend. By the way, well, sister is 18 and that's talking like a pedal file. Yeah. Sure. That's what they all say. It's always 18. John, well, I buy her rum runner drink rather than candy or anything like that. We go out to dinner, but John has a new post, I think it's new reason is white suit, soaking wet standing in the surf and his clothes along with turn transparent. Oh, really? Stan's got to have one of those immediately. I'm buying under bed immediately. I'm going to touch the window shades when the old folks commence. You can whip it up the wall and I was saying, you know, I'm thinking, well, you know, maybe as a package deal for and John, I can see Stan's point or something like that. He's standing over the wall. Send him a picture of her also, but uh... And in the same kind of outfit. He is a fair, a good girl, so the theory goes on tremendously track it or write me team might. That's okay, sir. That's understand. Anyway, it's really great. You're really a breath of fresh air in this area. Oh, he did it. And when I'm ready, he's a breath of fresh air. I can't believe it. I can hardly wait. How old are you, sir? A bigger part? How old are you? Oh, come on. How I'm 51. How old are you? Well, are you 45? No, I'm not. 40? No, I'm not. I'm breathing heavily in the neighborhood. You sound like someone in the bar, somebody don't like younger women. Ask me that either. Well, this is a big country in Western hip-out right now by Guy name Eddie Raven. This is for guys like you and me, sir. It's called You're never too young for old love. What? Why is it the other way around? Mary, to a younger woman. No, it's you're never too old or young. Oh, I'm a great friend. I tried to mean. Gotta hope the herals are not listening. People usually guess about 10 years younger than I am. So it's still flattering or looking to mirror. Yeah, they do consider me to be in my 30s. I saw your photograph in a paper. I see that old frown is still there. And yeah, never leaves his fatal John Pineda. I didn't know they still had those slides. And that's a picture that never made it into the traffic because I left during the mario boat list. Don't know what you missed. One serious thing. Please. Are you in contact or do you have any idea what has ever become with 10 Jones? Oh, God. Ben Jones, I'm leaving. If you give an up like I did. Here we go. No, no, no. I haven't given up. I've given up. I've backed all my life. If you shut up, I'll tell you what happened. Ben Jones married a younger woman. And she retired him out of the JFK assassination investigations. He even does not have a telephone. Yeah, her name is Caroline Kennedy, by the way. She said she told him, Pen fell in with her. And she said, I'm mario, but this Kennedy thing is too much. And if we get married, you're not going to have anything more to do with it. And by God, he did it. Well, that happens to me sometimes also because I discuss it with my wife. And after a while, she just says, well, look, I was like, you know, five years old when has happened. And I'm really, I don't know. Well, I want to with Don Johnson. Thanks about the Kennedy assassination. Probably nothing. But, uh, any of you welcome back. Thank you. Fantastic. Okay. I'm delighted we got one call on the show. What is that? What is that Mike for? He gets his own mic. He hasn't even started yet. And he gets his own mic. How do you like that? They figured with me, it doesn't make any difference because there's nothing going to help. Why do, what kind of a mic is that? I think that's Alan Burtsold mic. And you saw his numbers right before they said that. Because I mean, is that the one that Mark would resist over in the control. Yeah. He's a little bit. I'm thinking. Yeah. Fort Waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Here you guys are real big Rick Weaver fans. Oh yeah. He's not very great. Yeah. I made him on the coast. I didn't see him. Rick hasn't seen a bar coast in 10 years. I worked with him. And if he did see what he wouldn't know what to do with it. I worked with Rick and Quincy on the way. Did you really? Was he as nice of a guy then as he is now? Was he as modest? Well, he was just out of Ohio State where he played some kind of football. Oh yeah. Without a helmet, minebacker. I'm a personality of a really nice show with the edge to be. A dead frog sir. Well, what do you think of his play by play though? Well, I must admit he does a pretty decent job as long as the dolphins are winning. And what are you thinking? Did you think he's the work with Sunny Hershey or KAT? Yeah. What is his 20 questions? Oh no, 19. Okay. This is the guy that's winning the bat by the way that he keeps showing my line for two minutes. No, it's not. Okay. Is Sunny a good guy, Neil? Sunny is a great guy. What do you think of? It's lazy, but he's a good guy. What do you mean by lazy? He doesn't like to work. He seems to know his baseball. I didn't say he doesn't know I said he's a good guy. I mean, nobody's perfect. He doesn't like to work. Sunny would rather just, you know, wander through life kind of aimlessly. And he's doing a great job of it. Look where he's working. Friday is Tony's saying he about what happened to him. He did. What are you talking about? Are you? Are you a guy winning that bat? Yeah. He was Tony did like a half an hour in IOD. He ripped him to pieces. I'm the most listening. I'm listening to. I only heard him more. Last night. Oh no. I have to Tony was on a head of put my can't that he had to a straight jacket after that show. Guys with debating who was the third, no-chestay and Quoyback that was real fascinating. Yeah, that was exciting. Almost as exciting as this call. Well, hey, we all do the best we can. I know. Well, listen, give Rick a kiss for me. Will you please? I actually want to question. Okay. What about the gackie? What about Joe? Joe is stuck in monoton. They have Joe's brain locked in a room with Bill Casey's. Are you both guys are hurricane, person, or people? Yeah. All righty. Take care. Okay. Good luck, you sir. What a call that was. What the hell is going on in here? Man, we've got the whole engineering staff. And here, just going nuts. Try to find a mic that a major will sound good on. I can't believe it. I never got this. Well, he does because he's a corporate guy. And he's got a title. He's like Rick Weaver, the author. All right. All right. President of WIOD. So, we don't. Of course he has a name. The body residents of WIOD sports is. They can't answer the question. How can you be a vice president without a president? Right? I never thought of that. Yeah. And a rich man. All right. And a rich man. All right. Is that really Ellen Berksold Mike? No. This is a new one. I understand the rumor is when you talk into that. It makes gutterwall sounds that get done. Oh, that's not a good. That worked. Hello. Done. Ha ha ha. Sounds like Harold James Don John John. What was wrong with the other one? What? Well, he's not going to be, I mean, he's just sitting in the guest here. He moves too much. Did you hear that? You may lose the job here today. You moved too much. Oh, okay. I won't move anymore. I mean, he guys only been in the business for 30 years. He still doesn't know where the microphone is. What the hell can I do? He's from the Orny Sochian School of Broadcasting. Did you hear the Elton out there? I think you just lost it. Did you hear that? What is his story? I know he heard us talking about. Your whole show has just gone down the day. That's okay. It's right. Now, that Mike forget it. Kyle is having an nervous breakdown. He said, get rid of it. Okay. Well, we're changing Mike for a stand major. We're going to pause for the news headlines. Michael Wolf is standing by all alone. I want you to know. Don't panic. Or news from CDS upcoming at noon. We're going to sit in here and take care of all this equipment. We'll come back. We're not going to come back. We're thinking about coming back. Okay. Don't go away because you could be in for a big surprise. I'm trying to get such a nervous stomach. Now, I'm ready to pass out right on the floor. I can't believe what's going on here. As you know, I reasoned I came in. So I get out of here and check. Very. Oh. Okay. But Jack, this is my little small grip with her. A lot of deal. Oh, you got your cigars. Yeah. I want to see this now. Save this for a Monday. All right. Guys, just started hasn't even officially started yet. Somebody already said about boxes to do. I ordered them myself because I knew that the sneaky cheap things. You were small. Then I wasn't going to be able to live. So now I ordered him for myself. I believe it. I believe it. I give you half of them. They haven't even speak to me. But the guy comes in, you know, from Phoenix. I've been running around building with these $1,500 microphones and all kinds of fancy equipment. I can't believe it. He was something corporate. I mean, was it he had been control? Oh, yeah. Is he really real? Got for him. Really? Look out. Okay. Well, no call is wife and douchebag like you called Mrs. Holly. He might hand you from the ceiling and make you move to the school. They put the mic on the floor. Rick has been known to do that to, in fact, I think once he did it to Alan and he nailed Alan's feet to the ceiling. That's what Alan was. Exactly. Saw, I am Alan Burke. Saw my Emmy. Hello. Does that mic sound okay, by the way? Hello. It does. Yes sir. With the sound effects. Yes. Nice to hear you again. I remember you in 79. I don't care. Well, I called you up and told you a lot for God. Are you dead? Yep. That's the cleanest thing I've been called in years sir. They know what you have for breakfast. What did I have for breakfast? Well, if you're a leprechaun, what do you have? Art, bones, stars, clovers, lucky charms. Oh, is this one your callers? I just have to call you. I'm dead. I opened up the phones. This is what I'm going to get. Who is this guy? I don't know. Your cranks. I have the slide. He's calling on your show buddy. You're rid of my Emmy. Hello. What's up? What the hell? You're going to be a good man. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What? What are you doing? You're doing great. You're doing great. And you're just a bunch of nervous nilies running around. We have done Johnson in a building or something. Where? Funky tall coast here. That's all. Everybody come down. We should go to hell in a hand vest. We were on a roll here. We were doing it. Did you see the light? We were on the road. I told you it's so sweet. I told you. Okay. Okay. Okay. In date county. Let's give those new numbers again. Look at that. I'm all I got to be here for a few minutes in the. Oh, because I have to go move. I'm moving. So if there are any young ladies out there, they want to help me. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. this show I've never seen that before my life that's what they've done to us they just totally destroying my show here today I have a copy of the news your mic is off all right i can turn your mic on again to the cut the crap okay great the radio radio okay the lot thank god the lines are flashing at least not everybody is turned it off this is always our tough all right away the new hour and the whole building is just going by caught upon me here now all of a sudden you're just having an ever straight down i've got to show you this this is really good now i know that it's my writer but it's like between night and day the difference between the Harold and the inquire like the free price the talk show line up there that's the kind of thing they do every day in Philadelphia isn't that something yeah they got every show that's over show they must have the doctor speaking about pets housing in real estate with Ross Miller oh boy well this is Saturday now i've got keep them are not melts game talk with Mark Seagull if i keep talking about johnson's gonna be gay talk with Stan yeah that's what i'm afraid of that's all we need is another one Miami being chill out tattoo all the fact how's he in the village chill out one uh yeah all the way up yeah i'll tell you my hat off the i can't believe it you've done everything or is possibly is there is to do and now you have for your well we dedicated on is on is a living breathing inside with you oh my god you're a show babe these are not my callers we were doing so you know you can blame me at too much well until the engineers started coming in here and that we were doing great you can't blame it on any ball no salt them it's your own fault they're just they're lost it here i don't know what it is with them if you're just lost it ever since they found mentioned i od in right away you'll start with a party at the west side and ever since you mentioned that Davy hello yeah Neil what the hell you doing with the all ran down on your shoulders listen i like all i was a nice guy good he's your type yeah yeah hi boy okay good talking to you okay what the hell are these calls anyway are these leftover from daffy chill other two young a tamarac hello yeah i was in good to wedky josegy acce yesterday and i said some i think i got to hear somebody's finger nails on a blackboard and listening to that guy's voice same difference sir oh my god and uh Rick weaver i thought that uh julee with uh juleeobie had a close and Rick weaver's needs and uh done static wait a minute wait a minute good thing that jode didn't have an upset stomach oh my god I got it. And down the side it's going to be with you with a card movie tomorrow. You're going to be doing gang with the wind. So that's it. Yeah, good. Well, frankly, I don't give a damn. How do you like that? All right, all right. Keep up the paperwork, bud. OK. Why? Have you noticed the change even in the call since before they put that mic in? Like everybody has become psychotic at the same time. There must be an attack of some kind going on outside of the building. We don't know about it. I wonder if anybody knows whether filming my amyvice this weekend. In dayd county six two four nine four hundred. Got a couple of open lines one in day six two four nine four hundred. And one in Broward seven is see that's the first time I did that. I knew I would do it five two four nine four hundred five two four nine four hundred and Broward. I really threw in for the for a loop for the first time since we've known each other. Now we've known each other since what 70 seven to long. When we started with that 70 Asian and and and 78 the old FAB building done with the ball holes in the front. And the water streaming down and just what was the loop that just threw me for what was that about done John. Yeah, right. No, I can a long time all these years I've all all I've ever gotten out of use just a little. Now the more I think about it it makes sense because he looks like a woman. Fort waterdale hello. I knew hi. I stand hello my dear. I've never heard your show before, but I am so looking forward to hearing you. Don't don't don't to an answer. Don't don't don't to an answer. I come on. After Neil you're going to be disappointed. I stand major is going to be an adequate. I can't find any other time on this. I'm committed to long. All right. Okay. Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to try to convince Neil to stick around as long as possible. Maybe he can do eight hours a day. Okay. Well, only if they have to track open till four in the morning right now. Well, I'm going to make arrangements with colder and not to open till four p.m. That would be very convenient. See, we're feeling frivolous out here today. It's not like hosted just weekend for Validies. Yes, that is. Neil. Well, if that's a case, it's going to be a while weekend. I'll tell you then. That's so listen. I'm going to the west coast. Can I get what's called? Love it. Can I get, you know, your station over there? I know they're all apathetic and they have not contributed to so far, which I did. Good. You can get it almost in Naples, but I'm not sure the Fort Myers. Yeah. We get calls from Fort Myers, least we used to before we found out they were cheap. I'm going to be like Capsiva, so that's Naples isn't it. Yeah, you'll get us. Oh, I can't get you on the sun. I'm not going to have to know. No, no. I'll be just splitting my slides for nothing. I'm an authority on the west coast, so ask me any questions you want. I have fructate and a spoken with Sam. I hope, but yeah, as a matter of fact, he caught him in his hotel last night. He really really? Yes. What do you think of that? He has contact, Stosi. Yeah. And he might be put away? He's going to be put away. He'd be used to one that's called before. In a straight jacket. I'm very excited. I'm having a wonderful time, Neil. You have restored adrenaline. Well, how excited are you? Very excited. Yeah. I think you'd better lay down. You go to Bayside. You go to Bayside? It's just pretty. Okay. Well, listen, have a great life. I should have taken that. Bye. Okay. Now, is that mic now working right? Here comes the message. Because Kyle has already had an nervous breakdown. He says it sounds like a barrel. Crap. Okay. That's good enough for me. First of all, look at this. It looks like they got a fishbowl. Look at that. They got some little thing pipe in there. What are you going to do? I'm going to put this back where it was. Get this to hell out of here and just you'll have to speak into the mic. Okay. It's directional. It's all they had to say. That's all. Well, not move my head. Good. That's all. We did all this. I pulled all this hysteria. And I think I was over to Tampa. They need them over there more than we do, right? Get them out of here. Is that Rick? Oh, I was here. Holy. Holy. Oh, was here before? He's been here since he was born. Really? Somebody, by the way, has got a horse for us to call today. And I'm really debating whether I should go out there or not. I got it. Why did she come and help me move? With my bad ribs? Yeah. Well, you can sit and watch. No chance. Okay. No chance. I was curious. I got a horse to call today. You've got a horse at call. See there. You go again. Well, that's not one of the good mics anyway. Is it? Hmm. Wait a minute. One, two, three, four. I can't even turn and look at him when I'm talking. Oh, no. And today, today, today, today, today. What could be? Do they? Huh? I get them out of here. They have Rogers, they have now our stinging microphones. Is that okay? I'll go. The only thing I don't need to do is just turn. Right? Don't turn. You had a great show for I came in. I want these engineers, men. I'm telling you. We're sitting here just tearing everything up. And we have a call from Fort Myers. Hello? Hello? Hi. Hi. Can I stick to you? I love Fort Myers. Are you really in Fort Myers? You're okay. Really? Do you go shelling on the beach? Listen, I would like to ask you, you just go say something. You are awesome. What? I'm going to listen to you, you're on the BI and Z first time. And you say that you're in safer as a deaf cell to you. You are very anti-dixtinality-debted. You're the one that's in the prison. And I pay for all the television bills that made you change. No, you misconstrued that program. That program that I did out in front of, what's the name of the prison? Very good. Raffered. Was not an anti-debted penalty program. It was simply a program that was an attempt to give people the flavor of what was happening outside the prison while spankling was being fried inside. I'm being absolutely truthful. I did not make a statement with that program. And I thought you ought to hear once and you said you were very anti-dixtinality. And you said it. You got the wrong fall. No, I don't. Sorry about that. Great thing. I got news for you. I have known the man for almost 10 years and he's always been as militant to the right dead penalty. Nixon Reagan. I don't know what you're talking about. He's something I call him up. All the air was done. It's talking about. Look, it's very easy that you're talking about seven eight years ago. It's very easy to call in on this program and contend that you talked to me off the air. And that I said something to you. I could make up stories about you too, my dear. Yeah. You wouldn't bother you, man. You would believe the things that you told me about your sex life when we discuss things off the air. I mean, I'm going to tell him the old and these thousands of people, okay? Yeah. Take your leave. You're fooling about me. You're about me. You're just going to go to the prison. You're just going to go to the prison. You're just going to come or down, but you're not. I hope you're getting sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you're getting sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you're getting sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you're getting sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you get sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you get sexual excitement from this honey. I hope. I hope you get sexual excitement from this honey. I hope you get sexual excitement from this honey. stand last night. Oh, I'm not a cold man. Yeah. Somebody called me and said they printed a newsletter. Yeah. How do you like that? I'm all wrong. The uh, quit. You torped. Do you let your cards recycle? Because if I come in here and sit down to a clock and try to play a cart, they're all recycled. The only ones would not be recycled. We got that on tape now. I will ever. Are the only ones that are not recycled? Because I stopped them all in the middle because they were so bad. All right. Okay. 21 pass noon at W.A. The pain in the A.A. engineers around and Stan is leaving. Are they still there? The pain in the as engineers are still there. Tom, to go to law and talk about a corporate engineer like that. Like I said, those pain in the as engineers. Um, honest with God. I mean, he just panic sick. You know, like, we've got to hang one from the ceiling and, you know, just relax. It's only a radio show.