I'll enter the boat when the colors are becoming personalities and becoming guests on the shows. Here's another record. Maybe we ought to just have Leonard cart all the stuff up and we'll play it today instead of talking all these pinheads. Oh, we can't play this on the air. What is it? Well, the name of the group first of all is blow flies. So that's your favorite. Pretty good idea. And the name of the song, well, there are two cuts on here. On most 45s, it generally are two sides, right? I got a whole pack of very observant of blow fly, right? Yeah, one has another one. On one side, the first black president. And on the other side, give me that old 69, the number song. Those are the big good, huh? Play those on stand show. They'll listen to them. Dave County, hello. Hello? Yes. I'd like to talk to them, help us with it. You're talking to them, sir. This is he. Yes. Hi. Hi. I wanted to call you on Friday, but I was away for a week. Yeah. Wait a minute. Is this the guy from Miami Vice? No, sir. Is this Michael Talbot? No, sir. Okay. Go ahead, sir. Yep. I put my family in Thursday night with a place to handle fear of the tackle. Do you want to broke through the long-term Thursday? Yeah. What does that mean that the fourth was excellent? Yeah, it was very good. The service was good and the fourth and a really recommend that place is very highly. Great. Okay, the front's still good. Thank you. Okay. We'll be sending you your worst alert alarm in the mail, sir. And entry for the Neorodges exotic erotic Hawaiian vacation content, that told you, why does I speak? Yeah, told you today. Holy cow, he's making a last minute change. There's not even a picture in this. Listen to this. Dearest Neal. Is that a fey enough start for you? I cannot express the excitement and anticipation that filled my lower body when I heard you announced that you were looking for a companion to accompany you to the beautiful Isle of Hawaii. His name is Jay, but his closer friends call him joy. I may call you. But you're laughing about. I haven't even got to the good part yet. I am a 22 year old male flight attendant who loves to go around the world, need I say more. I am an Anglo-Miami native, but love to mix with the different cultures. I'm five foot ten inches tall away, 150 pounds. I have long blonde hair in the earring in my right ear. Oh, I've learned what that means. I've had several layovers in Hawaii. Are bad. Well, while working flights, but never had a chance to spend an extended period of time there. I'm a very party oriented guy would love a chance to do Hawaii with you. We could go strictly platonic if you wanted to, but for my experience it can get pretty lonely and cold during the night's there. Who knows what might happen if we share days sweet together? That's a good cold at night. No, it doesn't get cold at night. His hobbies are jogging, sports, hanging around gyms, and Western oil just kidding. You believe this? PSA, Hydagland Hill for me. Oh, this probably somebody hangs out at the Thai Orchid restaurant. Which I do hang out at, but we heard with the Jay. We know all about you. How might I? Well, you might as well. In the new hour, Glent is coming out of the closet on the ear. Oh, hold your breath. Okay. Wanna clock out? Oh, the just we're just loaded with stuff. I beg your pardon? That might be out of the stomach. They do it also. Okay, Michael, we're like Jay to call him in the newsroom. Mike wants to go to Hawaii with Jay. Is there no hope for the anybody in this building? Questionable. My dear Mr. Rogers. I tuned you every 10 AM. When you talk about John Strappet, etc, I tuned out. When you discuss an issue and nobody does that better than you, I listen. And when you want cooperation, you get it. You'll be a little the early bird participants. How about you? Codging food. What is codging? Do you ever hear that before? No. Is there such a word as codging? There is? Codging food from places just so you can give them a kind word. Do you ever offer to pay or do you think you are entitled to freebies? Because you are a new Rogers. I regret your new attitude. Your sidekick is in India trying to be your clone. Go back, says Mrs. Erwin Jacobs. In point east, in North Miami Beach. Joy-Vay. In point east. Well, we'll be doing our show remote tomorrow from Sadie's buffet and plantation. We'll be doing our daily work with the hell of us. Look at the phones now. They're finally beginning to light up. They're finally getting with the program. You are not in the new issue of people. I'm not going to be in any issue of people and you can take that. Give me that. I'm the way I'm back. And I know any more of that fluff. We want only substance on this show. Okay? No more of that chilly stuff with Elvis and Don Johnson's chest. Now, rubbing his belly with Western oil. We don't want to hear about that anymore. Enough of that crap. Now, I don't understand. We want this station to go back to being the intellectual. The substance station that I once wanted. I don't understand this letter. What? I would appreciate. Dear Mr. Hill, I would appreciate if you would be good enough to forward. Look at this. Here's one that says, Boolean in Debot. And I'd like to. That's my mindless audience. Those are time times. No matter what I tell them man, they do it with one exception. If you would, if you would forward the enclosed envelope address to Miss Betty, Lombagio to me, for two her for me. She appeared as a guest on WINS. I'm about a year ago. At that time, I know substantive colors. I was talking all I see. One of my colors. At that time, two doctors also were guests on the program. I see. So she wants me to forward this to a, I see what it is to a guest that we had on the show. Betty Lee, Lombagio. You're talking about eaks and paintings. No doubt. Now I understand what they want. Okay. Let's take a break here just for the how about 25 past 11 and WC. Not going to believe today's mail. No matter what we've had in the past. First of all, we have a copy of Playgirl here from May of, I don't know what year this was. And there is an arrow flin in the box. And a ULBrenner in the box. I can't believe it. There's a picture of ULBrenner's start naked. And a picture of arrow flin. Start naked. Start naked. I can't believe it. There it is. There are a lot of other pictures in here of people who are less famous. Start naked. Like Lauderdale boys. Yeah. And these pictures do tend to be a lot more interesting than the flin in the box. And the Brenner had a box. But I just thought I would mention that. We think the very entertaining. The way to hear this. You are not going to believe it. And you see right in my hand. And the letterhead says Pope John Paul the second. And dressed as the entertainment and media industry's universal city California. You're not going to believe this. Mr. Neil Rogers, W.I.N.Z. Radio Miami Florida. Dear Mr. Rogers, as you are probably aware, his holiness, Pope John Paul 2, will be visiting Los Angeles on September 15th and 16th of this year. While here, the Pope will discuss the potential of modern communications as a means of unifying the peoples of the world. The Holy Father will speak to the leaders of the nation's communications industries. Print television radio recording and motion picture on Tuesday, afternoons of September 15th of 3pm at the Registry Hotel in Universal City here in Southern California. The problem is about the problem. I would like to. I would like to extend to you as a leader in your professional field. A personal invitation to join Pope John Paul in a consideration of the media's contributions to human enrichment. May I ask that you please fill out and return the enclosed card so that we have an exact seek out in there by making the necessary arrangements. And there's the card. Looking forward to having you join us at Universal City for this historic meeting of the Pope with communications leaders and with kindest personal regards, most Reverend Roger Mahoney, Archbishop of Los Angeles. Unfortunately, that doesn't correspond with your when you're going to be in California. Yeah, that would be hysterical. Now you're going to open that box or are you afraid? And he's afraid to. Oh, here we go. You have a big box here. It's probably a voodoo doll of the moonman with that being moon in the box. It could be. Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Probably cigars or something. No, you don't think it's cigars. It's a double wrapped box. Could be anything. God knows could be anything. Oh, is this wrap? Here we go. All right. I think it is a voodoo doll. It's a little... I'm not a bull-might guy. Oh no. No, no. No, no. You're going to dress to you. It should have been adjusted to me, you're right. A bull-might guy. It's an official Pepsi collector series, Twiti Bird Goi. Do you believe that they're Twiti right on the glass? May I present to you? They in lieu of this week's paycheck. Yeah. Of course. I don't know. It also has a set. Of course. And whoever did you want some a cassette. I guess it lied to me with some of your material. I guess that he deserves that. Yeah. So, you could do form. From the water hill. Is that exciting? Yeah. Well, this mail today. I'm going to tell you what in the stack and good luck to you. By the way, the latest radio rumor followers out in Sandy Peyton will be surfacing at W. snooze in a couple of months. We've been saying that for weeks. Yeah. Well, that's the rumor. Sandy will do that. I should be more prominent now than it was for a while. So those of you who missed Sandy, those of you who would be bad memories. Oh, Sandy's way to TV repair man Sandy and the collectibles man. He was so wonderful Sandy. Looks like they're going to get their wish. I mean, she's always good for, you know, like a two-five. Sure. Absolutely. Oh, we'll have her. Hey, Barbara, how are you doing? This is hard. Hey, I like to draw the bar table. Oh, my baby. I mean, you are turned on the bar table. Oh, no. Are you a pinhead? Thank you. Okay, another pinhead. I believe that. Good call. Good call. I like some little upset. Can you believe that he would do that? I can't believe he would pull out of us. Howard County, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I said when it's time you. I don't be upset with me. Awesome. Pointe. It's the original Fensteries Village. Yeah, I know that. Okay. Second of all, if you hear on TV or radio that the day the Pope is here, that they're going to block I-95 from the museum to 103. Oh, man. Don't talk to the police. Don't talk to the police. Oh, no. Yeah. I'm believed. Well, you know, separation of church and statement. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like all over date County everywhere you go. You got all these people. Even the Jews have bumper stickers. We love John Paul a second. You know, just become the in thing to do now. I think, I don't have to worry about getting around my amy. But just the place I have to go down here that day. Yeah. What do you do? For David. I guess you'll have to go to the Broward Mall instead. I was there yesterday. Look at you. Where the Broward Mall? No, but you would say yes. I was at Calder. I was plunging my brains out of Blots. I never can't stick it. No. No. And in the last race, I had four horses boxed in the trifecta. And all four of them were in front with the less than a half a mile to go. And the midway in the final turn. All four of my horses were leading. One of them was 21. One was 11. I said, I can't lose. There's no way I could lose. You know what? What happened? I lost. Here came that 11 horse on the rail. Just flying by everybody and winning the race. I couldn't believe it. I just have to tell you one more thing. I was home doing some work on time. I was on. If you had that faith, you could have had your chair laughing. You mean Chris? No, I was John on the old guy. The man Chris. Yeah. It was so funny. It was great. Oh, it was a cringeter time here. We've had no comment on it, but it's been great. You're the first one. Because our audience basically are a bunch of young pinheads. And they have nothing of substance. I was sitting here. Just terrible. Yeah. Just hysterical. All right. This and have a good day. You too. Okay. Howdy, O's. I'm going to miss this. She growled. I'm going to miss. What's this? Jim Baker's former bodyguard suggested Thursday that the disgraced PTO founder was using the ministry's lavish bonus system to pay for homosexual gratification in his studio office. Don Hardestier, pardon the name, was arranged by a story in Time magazine that said he was adupped into guarding the door of Baker's office while men he thought were having a business meeting were actually having sex. Yeah. I heard that on seeing it. How do you like that in the last week? I've been seeing it in. Day County. Hello. I think we may have to. Oh, over. Oh, dear. Make way. There's Zuki. We're ultimately too well experienced. He's here. Yes. Five thousand C.C.s are claiming fury. Waiting for a man. Module on October. It's the Kamachazi XS. And it'll take you from zero to 200 miles an hour in under six seconds. Oh, God. Because this phase got everything. It's set. Great. But Kamachazi XS. It's the last motorcycle you've ever run. The cars will still have a forgotten World War II. Young kid dog. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for flying Delta Airlines. We're pregnantly cruising at an altitude of 35,000 feet. Well, our captain has just lost a main engine. So we'll be plunging to 5,000 feet. At which time we will be losing lunch in the main cabin. Because you look at your windows, you'll notice below us. There's a continental airline jumbo jet, which we will miss by year into. Our flight time to Chicago is exactly two hours. But that doesn't matter either. It turns will be landing in Atlanta. And incidentally on the wrong runway. Delta is proud to be the new official airline of what Disney World. So when you think Mickey Mouse, think Delta on behalf of Captain Goosey and the crew, for other pleasant flight. Well, we saw last week WI and Z broadcast in the total concerning gambling at a lottery in Florida. Here with another viewpoint is Barbara Capitman, president of the Art Deco's Societies of America. And I spent the WI and Z's editorial on this year of gambling. The airline's subjective business being only alternative to continued crime poverty and deterioration. Particularly on Miami Beach. But this is not what recent stress suggests. And it is a real business. The only client is the least worth in creating the editorial, also suggested for Miami Beach level happen to this world famous historic resort. Is it a big summer residential area? So what's the best community in Chicago Avenue? This is how dream of developers who make their real money and high rise develop. What is new is the bold reuse of what we have on our own apparel of resources to create another area. The early 20th century, spend the flight tickets for the post for you gambling hotels. I'm president of WI and Z. WI should now ask ourselves, does Williams make gambling? Okay. I love it. I want to put it. There he goes. On his way with those, what are they call those snakes that they put in there just made? Disgusting. It's a big day. So the bad make-free. We'll have fun from inches. In the middle of six in nine. Some folks lay a couple way. But overall, fly a follow-up trend. It's a sexual need at much rather big. We didn't have top of it in six. We didn't have to move six in nine. Give me your new get my. Won't you let me arrange this even exchange? Give me that old fake finnight. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, God. Well, I found that. Thank you, man. Played dark with every nerd. But that's a man. It's all old half. I got a be in reverse. Give me that old fake finnight. Give me that old fake finnight. And there'll be two housewives. But it's just that your phone ends in no one. It's the tail of my chin. But still paying to my face. Go mama, things can't replace that old. Fake finnight. Just turn right around here baby. Oh, yeah. That be blue. Jackie. Be right. Chose when you saw truck go right. Herds couldn't touch a bond to my comments about the senator and Barbara Capitman. And all of that other good stuff that we talked about right at the beginning of the show. I haven't even heard this yet, but I understand through the great fine that this could be a radio classic. This is the real bi-grid apartment. Not one of the largest works, psychopaths that continually mimic my voice. I hear you playing. I heard you play the tape this morning from almost a year ago that your prize is a collective idea. My listeners response to another viewer misguided and unsuccessful efforts that are gambling. Today, as usual, you've come up on the side of dog, no nothing six humor about the debtor district. You must be an entire point. The senator is threatened not because it is old ugly, disabled, educated, or disgusting, the lab had taken her disgusting as you said this morning, but because it is what the other architect of building some man he did. And now for what he or his interaction to need private parking for $455,000, 15 hundred dining room seats and other amenities that they will have proposals to provide. As soon as five weeks from today, the very average misguided, also in focusing on carrying down the current avenue buildings for parking that for the air. For the airows ugly, hotels, as you see them, but not as off the track as in your blindness. You've been at what the real issue is. You're currently wrapping my empty bag with cancer. Oh, that was kind of an abrupt ending there, right? Like signing off over and out. Well, thank you so much, Barbara. What can I say that we haven't said before? I think the operative words there were old ugly and disgusting. I'm just so glad she listened to the show. Oh, yeah. She wouldn't miss it. Oh, for all the, the Aldeard Deco on South Beach. The art drecco. The senator, well, what a building that is. It's beautiful. And of course the beaches just loaded. There are piles on the beach of people who are coming from coast to coast to see those marvellous, those wonderful buildings, those great buildings from days of your. Oh, I ve. When the last time you were on my TV, while I was about a week after I was on the Century Village tour bus in dear field. And, you know, something I couldn't even tell a different thing. I've read a book like the same ambiance and the same surroundings. Like some of the people understand around the phone today. Uh-oh, and boy, we'll see how long mayce they on here. What is this fall of a sudden? Right in midweek, we seem to be shifting gears. Yeah. Well, when honor of my good friend Howard Kleinberg at the Miami News, who would like us to go back to those little days when Howard could. Who would have done that? Not off as a guest in the middle of the show. You've heard the last guest. On this program, maybe he's not the original. That is official. Well, there will never be another guest. So, Linda can relax. She can just, and she shouldn't take it personally because I like Linda, even though she despises me with a passion now. She's sensitive. But I like her a lot. I'm not too fond of her boyfriend. I'm not an other story. And Tom Jicka, Tom's a good friend. He's a great guy. He's a great guest. But, you know, we can't disrupt the format of the show for one person. Right. And he does show up around town. Yeah. He touches all of the basic except at the wonderful island of dreams. He's been there. Oh, that's true. He has been banned over there because they don't like the truth. Right. The truth shall not set you free over at Cox Broadcasting, which just coincidentally, Cox happens to own the Miami News. As Cox News papers, Cox said, in SESTOIS in city's relationship. And they'd definitely all know and love. They banned Tom. It's amazing. Exactly. Just like the audience would like to ban some individuals on this show. What's the picture you have there? Now, the picture that I have here are the ones from yesterday. Oh, obviously. Been so busy with all of that work. The first picture is a picture from, I don't remember his name. But he's a very nice young man. He's keeping those close to your heart. And he looks a little bit like Alice. Yes. It's like his mickey. Okay. And, like can I say, no, Mike's a nice guy. And, of course, right here's the other picture of Mike. Mm-hmm. Yep, man. Oh, he's okay. Nice guy. And I have the picture of John of course, which, I'm humbling for, and John is very, very attractive young man. Uh-huh. Who is successful. He's got his own business. He's 22 and I'd be delighted to spend an hour or two with John. No, I'm just kidding. No, he's something who will give him a call on these days when he least expects it. And we'll meet you in a very discreetly in the middle of middle of middle here somewhere. And we'll see what's going on with John. But, you know, I just took to go over there for a week or ten days. What somebody you don't know on such short note. Not a good idea. It's not a good idea. All right. Now, somebody should happen to come in here from the voice of John's career in the next hour or two with a... What is that? More hate mail for the bird?