Thank you for your news with. Now presents the Neil Rogers show. If you'd like to participate on South Florida's most talked about talk show, call 624-019-1 in Dave, or in Broward call 764-0707. And now, here's Neil Rogers. You can say that again. 1007 and WINZ and here we go on a Tuesday morning. I didn't tell you what you can say again, but we'll say that before the show is over. I'm not sure if you can see it. Chronic colors. Although I think we've pretty much dispelled some of that. There may be a little bit of it left in the real altercernic colors. But some of the chronic colors think they have a constitutional right to call a talk show. Like Harvey from Kendall, he's the one where depriving of his constitutional right to be a jackass. Well, we're not depriving him with that right. He is a jackass, and nothing that I say or do is going to change that. It's just that he's gotten a right to be on this show. I decided he's going to be on the show, period. Nobody else decides. And that's true with any talk show host, and if there are talk show host in the market or two gutless, the hang up on chronic regulars, then they don't belong on the year. They shouldn't have a show. That is in my opinion. That's a fact. If they don't have the guts to get rid of people who are guilty of terminal boredom, then they shouldn't have a show. And I hope some of them are listening. I'm sure they're all listening right now. Now, I didn't get up extra early to hear Herman and McQueen this morning. I didn't get into that, but I did tune them in a little bit coming to work this morning. I'll be honest with you. Pretty boring. Pretty boring. They do use some of the words that we saw in that CBS piece last night. They didn't say something about Dick or something like that. But you know, if they can say it on FM, why can't we say it on AM? See, that's another part of the hypocrisy of this whole thing. Let's make up our minds. Is this radio or is there some difference between, in other words, if it comes in on your, fire or your pop up toaster or your steam iron, if you hear it there, is there some separate kind of regulation? Is to what we can do and what we can say? Because I think that's a bunch of garbage. FM AM or BM radio is radio. Well, so to speak. And in this market, so to speak, you can put a blanket over most of it. And I heard Herman and McQueen, and I guess probably get some people calling their boss. Some people in the building are listening to that this morning because I was the answer to their trivia game this morning. And not even any good shots. I mean, if you're going to take some good shots, take some good ones. You know, talk about that fat slobber, whatever, but do it with taste, with class, with panache, as Tathy would say. Boy, she's going to be throwing around those French words when she comes back from that trip, isn't she? It's going to be great. They're sending me on a trip to the summer with some of the audience, or sending us to Fire Island. It ought to be really good. Anyway, getting back to that whole business about what people can say and what they can't say. Radio is radio. And the programmers and management people, and this gets back to our last call yesterday. And I didn't forget, I'm sure he's out there assuming that I forgot him. And the caller asked me, and we were running out of time, what is it that management wants? What do they want you to do? What do they want anybody on here to do? And I don't think they know. I think they want you to get big ratings in this business. They're no question about that. And they want all the perfect demographics. They want every listener to be a perfect model of what the agency's think is the perfect buyer who's going to buy every product that you advertise. But they want you to do it their way. And of course, the irony is that their way never works. So that's where the conflict comes in. Now, the one thing I'll say, I'll give credit to people like the management at Kay Rock in New York, is the fact that they've taken this guy who's been fired at out in a how many places, not only WNBC, but he's been fired and washing it in all over the place. And they put him on the ear and they said, hey, go do your thing and we'll support you and that's it. And the guy has done incredible, as they said, bringing in tens of millions of dollars in advertising. That's stations got to be worth more hundreds of millions at this point. So it's really incredible what one person can do if he's given the opportunity to do it. If he's going to have been muscled and have a leash put on him, then he's not going to do very much. Howard Stern would obviously not be an effective broadcast here if he were under a lot of stress and under a lot of limitations. Yeah, they said from 20 second, I think, to third in the market in nine months. In the number one market in the country, I mean, you're talking about, in morning drive millions and millions of dollars that that man has brought into that radio station. Okay, let's do a little break because I have a feeling I'm going to get on a roll here on all this in just a minute. And we might even place the hood stern tapes before the show is out. Now we're not going to do that, but let's just keep pretending. Let's spread a rumor that we're going to play Howard Stern pirate Howard Stern tapes that we got that we're going to play on the air. Some of the really ronchy stuff, you know, the run DMC interview that will probably get, oh Glen Hills in Tampa. That's good because I think Bill Carter lost his tape. So if you don't hear Carter again in the near future, it's probably Glen is going to go on and get a hitman. Because boy, he really cherishes those Howard Stern tapes. He just to salivates, phones at the mouth when he listens to him. And of course, if you heard him, you'd understand why. You can now provide for him. I'm getting excited about that. When there's a movie with him, I turn it off immediately. Immediately, there's just something about that child. There's nothing there, you know. And as I said, literally, we have done investigative reporting. There's just a little hole. But other than that, there's absolutely nothing there. But we don't get excited about it anyway. We also want to say a tip of the WINZ hat to Mike Miller. And we just understand, we just got through the grapevine that Mike Miller was the Instigator of the Herman and McQueen thing, the trivia thing that they did about me this morning. Because Mike doesn't have enough guts and enough creativity to do it on his own show. So he's looking to find a hatchet people to attack Neil because Neil said all these nasty, but true things about Mike. On the air, I mean, Miller is so embarrassing that it's just incredible. I turned it on for like two minutes to answer today. And he was spewing more misinformation. I don't even remember what it was, but it was just so embarrassing. I had a shut it off immediately. And Mike, I know that you're listening. I know that you're hanging on every word. If you've got any balls at all, why don't you do it? Why don't you get on the air into a whole show? And attack me on the air. I'm willing to give you that shot. Look at all the publicity I could give you. And if anybody knows if anybody needs it, ever knows. But it's Mike Miller. Anybody sign those petitions yet? I got about four postcards here. Mike would come, he would come on his hands and knees over here right now to get those postcards. You know that, don't you? Also, if there's anybody in the audience who knows where the IRS office is in West Broward so that I don't have to go all the way down to Kindle today. You know, there's an office that nobody knows about it. Except me and ten of the people down there and since I'd drive in Kindle. In Kindle, in every year I go down there and there's like almost nobody in there and they have every one of those forms. It's great. It doesn't even have a sign on it. It could be KGB. And by the way, speaking to KGB, doesn't America feel good today. Knowing that after all these years, we finally screwed the KGB. We ought to have some kind of great sense of satisfaction about that. Should we? Or probably the Marines do. Anyway, what the hell were we talking about? I got sidetracked on Mike Miller. And also, if anybody heard the Herman and McQueen trivia this morning and can tell us what the questions were. That might be a kind of revealing too once we get into the show here. So Mark Hume can tear his hair out because I saw it and I taped it and I watched it over and over again. I took notes. Everything. Although that young lady in Providence, Rhode Island, wouldn't you be embarrassed to admit that you You studied tapes of Howard Stern and you listen to them over and over again and you went to acting school or whatever the hell she did. I mean, talk about contrived. Comedy class. And then CBS, that was really embarrassing. CBS is being so gutsy. You know, to show us this piece and to really lay this out in front of all America. And then they bleep half of the stuff that she said. She said that DJ didn't stand for this jockey. She said it stood for dick jokes and they bleeped it out. I couldn't believe that. What kind of class is that, huh? No guts at all because any chance you get to really rip management is something that you never let go of by the boards because invariably it's always accurate. 1031 at W.Y. and Z. And at Tuesday morning, we're going to take a little time out again. Here we'll come right back. They will not talk about you. You. Any more. Who cares? I mean, he called here. Where did we get that message from? Boy, that's incredible. From that. Oh, brother, I'm going to tell you just incredible. Unbelievable folks. Let's use all of those words over and over again. They're not going to talk about me anymore. That's a shame. Well, maybe Mike Miller will do it. Mike doesn't have the balls to do it though, doesn't he? He just reviewed us. He poked at it a little bit the other day, but he just doesn't have the real courage to come on the air and defend himself because he has no defense. He knows it's all true. Okay, we got a couple of lines open and date county. 624-019-1. We'll get on the Larry King. Had exactly 144 AM or a call. Someone came on and I was you. That was you. I guess a recording. Again? Oh, did that. He's done it. He's done it. He was. I know. I can't remember how it was. But it was something like Larry King. He's so ugly. So I got a big kick out of one. I heard it. Because I heard it. One time direct on your program. Great. But it was 144 AM. Then I think it's two o'clock. A couple minutes after two. They came out with another segment. And they did say, please don't turn in because it's a report. Yes. So maybe another one was a report. So the other comments were made after the first one. So we've got evidently fruit cake is calling it on Larry King. Show now and replaying comments that I made on the year. Which is good because that'll spice Larry show up a little bit. I'm sure Larry King the woo was. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Okay. Well, we're making it everywhere, aren't we? Eat your heart out, Larry. Larry's only making what? 6700,000 a year. He's still ugly. 23 before 11 at WI and Z. We still have two open lines in Dave County. We're a noobie hour entail on how rental people. Tom like us. Yeah. How rental. Tom like us. Yeah. He was interviewed by our entail on how rental TV show. Oh, you need on channel 33. Right. At 6.30 in the morning. Yeah. I've never seen that show. Well, you haven't missed anything when I was flipping through the cable without sounding. I mean, if I wouldn't get up at 7.30, listen to herman in the queen. I'm sure I can n up at 6.30 do watch. Well, Tom came down that weight pack. Oh, are you serious? Tom, who is always giving me shots because of my weight? Yeah. He lost her on a weight point left here, but he gave it all back. Yeah. He had the guy that Bob Bozick, I think Bob Schwartz, Diet's don't work or something. Yeah. He got one of that when he was on the. Yeah. He wrote the book with all those blank pages in it. He said, Diet's don't work. He was just a real rip off just a con artist. And like his head and on like 20 times. Yeah. Well, it worked. Like it's for a while. He got kind of slimmed down. Yeah. Well, everything works for a while. Ten seconds out of her show. You don't know if she's funny. He was in center photographer here yesterday. And if you could have seen the contrived stuff that they had me doing in front of this building on the lawn, they brought in these elderly actors and actresses. And they hadn't throwing a stale lettuce and tomatoes and rolls and sweet and low at me. Then they had me lie on a ground out there covered with rolls and sweet and low. And they put you through such a everything is so contrived that it's unbelievable. You know what that contrived up to the topic one time? Yeah. That was running through my mind again yesterday. You know, I do in the same thing again. Yeah. I like what they I did like about the show last night was Howard Stern's new hair looks pretty good. He's got a new hair. Yeah. That's the wig he's wearing. Are you serious? Yeah. Can't believe it. Boy he is. He's ugly as he is with the hair. I hate to think what he looked like without the hair. I thought it was a good idea. There were two minutes and I'm sitting at a table right near where the restaurant, where the restaurant is, where the kitchen is. And there's a lady standing there who's obviously some kind of an advertising person. She's trying to sell something and she's got her charts and her all of the stuff she's slumping. And she's talking to one of the managers and she says, Oh, you guys used to advertise on New Yorkers. And the guy says, Yes. Now she doesn't know I'm sitting there. I'm sitting like five feet behind her at a little table. And she's going on and she's tinkling. I thought I was going to drown. I thought I was going to float away and going out about how great he is and how exciting and interesting and off the wall and all the stuff that he plays. And she's talking about the protect condoms spot with freeway and spigging on and on. She's going. And she leaves. So, you know, being curious, I asked the guy who she was. And he said that she's from Windixie. She goes out and sells these coupon discounts that they have for different establishments or whatever. And I was just astonished because I just happened. And it was just a one in a million kind of a situation. 1050, W.I.N.Z. with us. Well, when Bill Calder had Linda Thornton writes a radio column in a hero. He had her on a show about five, six days ago. And the first call for Linda Thornton was from Skipbo, whatever his name is. Yep, the guy. Huh? Yeah. And he was just tinkling all over Linda. And it's so wonderful to work for Cox Broadcasting. There's such a great company all this other. And, you know, people don't want to hear that. People are not interested when you have a radio or TV critic on. You want to hear what the public has to say. You don't want to hear all these pseudo-personals, especially on your own station. I mean, it was such a tacky thing, you know, because I OD and GTR, the same company. It's Cox Broadcasting. So, I came on here and I took a shot at him. So, this morning, I was the subject of their trivia contest. I was the answer to the riddle. And people were supposed to call in with questions, you know, with little shots. And from what I, from what everybody tells me, was pretty weak. Well, good, because I don't listen to it anyway, so I guess I didn't miss much. It's a think-al-in-ripshow. You know, everyone called the think-al-in-rips on you. And it came also down to, you know, they were talking about the ratings. And the old Stan might say, well, they don't mean anything. And he said the way he looks at it is that even though you got a six-two share, he looks at it that 95.8% of people don't listen to you. That's real, that's real creative, Mike. Real good. That means it probably 99% of the people don't listen to him. Yeah, and it was just, you know, he had all the old relics calling. And if they can't believe, you know, that, the whole bit. And I'm happy I'm more saying all those words, you know, do you spagging everything? I can't believe he said that. And the other half, we wouldn't even say it. So it was entertaining for about the first 20 minutes, and then I just couldn't get anyone. Mike Thompson? Yeah. Now, here's the guy who's supposed to be an advertising business, right? That's what he does for an honest living supposedly during the week. And he's talking about radio ratings in those terminals. He knows better. I mean, he can't even justify that because he knows better. Yeah, they were calling, saying he was the only honorable hot show left on the year. Yeah, he's the only fascist left on the year. That's, I think, the way they should put it. I'll probably, which someone else would have listened to a whole show, maybe they have some other comments. And that's because fascism is dying out, thank goodness in America. And now that Reagan's term is finally nearing an end, fascism is dwindling, and people like Mike Thompson and the John Browards of the world, you know, are fading back into oblivion where they belong. One thing I like about Mike Thompson, though, is the clarity when you listen to his W. snooze when he's on. Work all from photo or a group. He sounds like he's sitting on a chair, of course he is sitting on a chair with seven phone books, because he's about two feet tall. But he always sounds like he's got like 40 yards of S best this between him and the mic or something. It's just incredible. I guess he doesn't want to get polluted from some of the other people, and he's just watching those microphones during the week over there. He's kind of nervous if you know what I mean. Kind of a nervous nally. Yeah. Well, well, thanks for that. I bet I get to get going. Okay. Well, I don't want you to lose your job. Okay. Well, that would be something when you're on the daytime. And all these people sneak while they're working while the boss is looking and they call and we try to put those people on immediately. We put them over to these people who want preferential order. It's like the woman yesterday to guide told us about in the supermarket at the Delhi counter where they have all the plastic numbers. And she reaches, she looks up to see which number is next. She reaches into where Percy pulls out about 20 numbers. Unbelievable. Subhuman. Speaking of subhuman, we have two lines. Terristic thing we're doing. This is for fun. And you see, that's the wrong word. You remember when I first went to work at WNWS, Subring broadcasting, it just bought that station and they put it off the air for a month and they changed the call letters. And they took the fun out of South Florida when they eliminated WFU and they, they didn't know what anybody in his right line take those call. But I have gained back 18 pounds of the weight that I had lost. And I'm ballooning and I can't afford to do it, but I can't stop eating. I'm just constantly hungry and, essentially, from the time I get up in a morning, even times that I used to be not hungry. Are you doing any more baseball games again? What do you mean again? How many times have I hung up on you? Come on, how many? Roughest them at how many? Twice? No, maybe like 50. Yeah. I'm there. What would happen if the FCC would allow us to say all the words we wanted to say, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera? Did anybody hear that? Because he's off the air now and followers probably take another sex survey. Is there anybody who can verify that? There's another rumor, fruitcakes, where's that he hears a radio in the studio? Oh, you mean in the control room over there? While I'm on the air, they're listening to this show and stealing the material as we're on the air. We have reached. New lows of desperation in the South Florida market. See, I was going to suggest that we ought to tape the show every day in cinema over a cassette and save him the trouble that way his roommate wouldn't have to tape it for him. They're listening to it as we're on the air now, stealing material. Wait a minute, do we have a verification of this one of the WI and Z spies on the phone? Hello? Yes, sir. I don't think. Okay. The early, at this morning in the slide, there's a serial receptor now in TSA, I refering to the FCC, actually going as far as talking about the other program and talking about how, well, what we do next. If the FCC does allow you to continue, well, this way going towards more free and more speech towards the four-letter one. And what stuff will you take after that stop becomes burned down? So they basically started with a poll this morning at counter clock. Oh, no. Yeah, sure you get on. No. Who will lead? I'll lead. He wanted to hear from the audience. If they thought we should continue in the industry going towards more... Wait a minute, wait a minute. What do you mean we? He hasn't done a damn thing until, you know, I started doing things a couple of months ago. He doesn't do anything. But he was totally on the FCC this morning and then I tuned him out and he came on around ten. Oh, yeah. I just wanted to let you know that I could be there. I know you know my voice right now. Could you have done a thousand times, maybe? I can't believe it because at the end of the show yesterday, I mentioned or sometimes during the last hour. They must have been what stimulated it. I mentioned that one day this week. Okay. Okay, I'd like to thank you. Okay. That's it. That's the end. This calls for heavy duty action ladies and gentlemen. This calls for a major response. It might even have the management on later. I don't mean the little cheese. I mean the head cheese. The do-up run run run. Yeah. I still. Yeah. The name is jail. Yeah. When I'm still home. To do a run run. The do-up run run. It's the W's news poster child. I can't believe it. I just can't. I mean that will awaken me from a deep sleep. Trust me. 136 at WINZ is there nothing sacred in this business anymore. Let's take our middle break here. Hello. Oh friend. Come on. Neil. What's that? That's a little bit disgusting. What is it? Wait a minute. Is this Bernard Meltzer? No. That's a dark master. Barnyard. Okay. Yeah. Something like that. Hey. I thought it actually may have done something constructive. What did they do? They're going out of business? Well. I think I think it leaves Barnyards in trouble. They have a guy on now by the name of Neil Myers. Yeah. Yeah. He's good. I was good at saying that. It's not like, uh, slimy, uh, rupture, whatever the name is. Or, uh, or lose y'all. Yeah. She actually, he actually says something when he talks to somebody. He sounds interested. By the way, he's got a great radio voice. Yeah. He's good. Um, he's full of the media. Barnyards in trouble. Maybe he'll take the weekend flat away from him. No. I don't think that'll ever happen. By the way, what is he a doctor of? Who's that? He's a doctor of board. He's got a PhD in board him. Uh, or a sleepology one. Exactly. He's a, he's a, maybe a hypnotist. He put the, he put the, he put the, he put the, he has a master's in cryptology. Okay. Um, you're talking, uh, yesterday and then for a couple minutes today about drivers. That enough that people try. Your ways. Now Alice is like an appendage. It's like a blood sucker. That's a, or some kind of sucker. That's attached itself to my being. And I can't extricate it. You know, it's like, well, when we do this and when we do that and when we in the industry go here, you know, we don't do anything Alice trust me. Come on, taping this out. I've left town with a banana. Loads are rotten, deal. Found that your devil hiding in her purse. He's cold, he's hard, but he's got a few. I hope it never happens to you. Some fruit breaks your marriage into the white left town with a banana. You may be stupid by the way. I'm a jealous man. You found that six inch Latin love for her. Now she does the thing out. Right hand. And right now I could just die. He's easy to my banana creak. He's a little bit too much. He's a little bit too much. He's a little bit too much. He's a little bit too much. He's a little bit too much. Easy to my banana creak. My wife left town with a banana. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping away. It's okay Thursday. We'll show him a thing or two. I'm going to have Lucy Cooper on Thursday. It's what? 151 at W.I.A.ins. Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar queen. I urge you to do like I do. Go at a loan. But make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson glove. One on either hand, the Michael Jackson glove, adds the security piece of mind that I need to do it myself. So remember, before you pull it out, put it on. And... Michael Jackson glove, proving once again that occurred in the hand is better than one in the bush. A van over in sickle and model still extra stimulation. Okay, now listen, this is what's going to happen tomorrow. And I just mentioned this in case there's anybody in the market listening. You might want to think of some of these ideas for their show of our morning. We're going to be talking with Joe Johnson. We're going to have Lucy Cooper on here. Is going to be doing recipes. Then we're going to be doing a couple of hours on urine. After that, we're going to have that famous science writer from Omni Magazine. And then Ben Doha and what else? I guess that's pretty good start. That should give him some material. And then we're going to be taking the Bob Lasseter positive negative pull. What else? Well, that's like a half a dozen. They're already. We've only just begun. We're going to be giving the carrot. One of your old places of employment, you might find it. Can I tell you one story about how this business is real?