The Mayor now will continue with Neil Rogers' foot. 16 Neil Rogers and a Rolls, without music, phone call, commercial or Glenhill, get her up soon. Let it for the new eye and see. Your body's record, you've seen his film. You've even purchased the nightclub of Alvin Memorial paintings of the gas station. Has it true Alves fan you think you've heard at all? But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Alves' last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis Tates. No, baby. This is Elvis. No, you can't run out. Make me a big peanut butter never stop. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You'll hear Elvis in his mouth even in moments. All of you in the middle of his brain have been sent to the hospital. Once you bring your life, couple more to the hospital. Thomas is free. So we just say double-teamers. Yeah, I'm home. Come alone. And I'm home, baby. And you'll hear others for the old, how we really feel about the one true love of this life. What you got to do is you're back in the wild, baby. And I'll do it. Because you pick up some bullets, please. You're good. You're good. You're good. Call us. You're good. You're good. You're good. I love the baby. What a good boy. What a good boy. Well, I'll do it. I can't see the Elvis tapes. I can't see the baby. I can't see the more good. I've got a little mouth in run stores everywhere. All of you. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Okay. 1009 at WI and Z. We hope you're just having a marvelous life out there. And spite of the fact that we're all kind of mired here together. And this vast wasteland, this gigantic mong of mediocrity. You have that page that I was missing there, so we can tell everybody how badly talk. Can you believe talk that came in number one at night? Oh, boy. It kind of takes the luster off of the whole book, doesn't it? Ha ha ha. It says something about the market. Now, seriously, they had a 7.5 share on talk net and what it all the jayers have there. Oh, holy Toledo. A 4.7. Well, I guess a lot of those old rednacks should die in off now. Either they ended to get blown away with their own 357 magnum. One of the other, but things are not good in redneckville. While you don't eat, I listen. You know, like Jack Lescule may he rest in peace. He kept chainspoken those cigarettes. And these guys are keeping those pickled eggs and sauces. I'm telling you, they never make it past 50. Trust me when I tell you. So anyway, we have quite a show here today. Believe me when I tell you, we have quite a show. We've got all kinds of great stuff that hasn't even been invented yet. And I made the horrible mistake of taking Stan Major to dinner last night at Benagans. Up in sunrise. And boy, Benagans is kind of like a sit down, brodered mall. I mean, it's just amazing. He was stumbling and gling and foaming at the mouth. And he embarrassed me so badly. I can't be in a tighta. He called our waiter over. He called a young guy over. And he said to him, he said, that waitress and the red dress, the brunette. I'm not making us up. This is a true story. He said, if he engaged. And this poor kid looked at him like, you know, did they just let you on and work release or something? I mean, is this for? And the kid said, well, I can find out. And I looked at saying, with a look, that could kill. And I guess that finally broke him. You know, he said, no, that's okay. That's all right. I shamed him out of it. Well, no, this was after dinner already. He was writing, he woulda walked out. And left him there. Well, he was driving. That was the only problem. It's matter of fact, it's not really that far away. I woulda walked home. But he was serious. He was really serious. He thought this kid was going to go over and find out if this waitress was engaged. Why do you have the coloring book in here this morning? Is there some special reason for it? And then, of course, we had a stop at Windixer, but it was a very brief pit stop, because Stan had to get home and time to watch the Miss Teenage America pageant. Last night, I must confess that when I went home, I watched the brave's medscape, and then I watched the end of the ankle scheme with great delight watching them lose in the ninth inning. Oh, here's Mary Hart. Her legs are ensured to $2 million by Lloyds of London. Isn't that great? She has a leg up on the competition. Isn't that cute? Um, all Americas talking about Mary Hart's legs. I didn't even know Mary Hart had any legs, because she never gets out of that chair. She sits there like a Barbie doll. And the only thing that moves are her lips. That's incredible. Get that out of here, would you please? Well, thank you so much for bringing me in page two, and we can find out where to double your snooze. So they were right down there near the bottom of page two. They came in the number nine in the market over at W.L.S. Number nine. And of course, in the evening from seven to midnight, they were number six, with a 4.7 share. I mean, talk net just blew them out of the water. And of course, we all know how exciting talking that is, right? So, um, you know, based on that, that should tell you a lot right there. In a case you missed yesterday, and Santa course went overboard, and he just took a carried away, but it makes for an easy show, you know, tinkling all over about my nine share and a great ratings on this show. And that was nice, so you know, we had the best of intentions, but it was an easy way to kill a show. And he did. Make no mistake about it, boy. He just buried it. But he's doing it. And he afternoon now. We're not sure we know what he's doing, but he's doing it. And the audience, it's true. Well, yeah, he is trolling. That's no question about that. And maybe one of these days, when he leads to expected, as low Christie would say, lightning will strike. Why do I feel like the hunchback of Notre Dame? You know, why is it because this Mike, this Mike boomer, if I've discovered that it, it just kind of like falls. You know, Santa, you have to kind of like hover. You all just have to do the show on your hands and knees. No smart comments now from the audience. Okay? Don't get wise this early in the morning. I, I almost feel just like playing a whole bunch of good stuff here, or dropping a bunch of good stuff on the floor. Serious. We like to share good stuff as we reward to the audience. Also, by the way, before we play anything else, what did I do with Linda Thornton's column? Is this it? She mentioned something about one of our favorites about Ricky Tickey? Where is it? Oh, yeah, the last thing. She says, if Rick Shaw knocks on your door this morning, you'll know you've won a new Nissan Auto 10,000 cash, trips for two on the waxes, Steve A. Kishen and Cruz. The winner will be picked in a drawing on waxes morning show and Shaw will deliver the good tidings in person. And when he knocks on your door, he will say, Can't you just see him walking around from house to house knocking on doors with that silly blue cap? Oh, did you hear what he just said? Don't open his mic today. He said goose stepping. Goose stepping. What a disgusting. I think you owe a formal apology right now. I think probably the station attorneys will be coming in here with a letter and you'll have to offer a formal apology to Mr. Shaw. In a ran, they used to just call him the Shaw, but on waxes, we call him Mr. Shaw. Now, I'm serious. He's going to be so upset about that he's not convinced that the appearance would lend a thorton, you know, clear to his image. So he's running around door to door all over town knocking on doors. And when you open the door, and you see the guy there standing there with that can, what is that stuff that he pedals to shine to shine your car with? I don't know what the name of that stuff, but he's going to be standing there with a can of that in one hand. His cap on his head covering up his gigantic bald spot from the front of his forehead to the back of his neck saying, I am not a Nazi. All a resound Florida. Boy, you're in rare form today. We don't have to open his mic. They can hear him in the ojas. I'm serious. And by the way, I must confess rarely does this show. Clause me sleepless nights. Used to, because I used to take it seriously. Now it's a big joke. But last night, I wasn't from the show. I just from the issue. I was so agitated for some reason about this damn metro commission and this miserable lying creep George Valdez. And I was doing a show in my head. I was lying there in bed trying to sleep. And I was doing a show in my head seriously. And I just couldn't stop. And I thought, what are you doing this for? Nobody's hearing you. And I couldn't handle it. And I'm going to go nuts about that today. I know it's going to be two days in a row that we're going to get a little on the serious side. But I can't handle it. I mean, these douchebags. And isn't it, you know, hearing all belly aching about the bad publicity, they have to have somebody to blame, right? They have somebody to blame. So they blame the New York Times. And they're all screaming, bloody murder about how they're damaging our image, and about how great things are now. We've turned the corner. Everything's wonderful. Everybody's getting along well as if we're supposed to believe that. And now they're going to put this on the ballot again. And I hope that in September when they have that public hearing that they just jam the chambers and they let any of these commissioners know that if they vote, because they have to have one more vote on the second reading. If they vote to have that referendum that will have a recall for every one of the commissioners of votes for it, it'll be more than happy to lead that recall drive on this show. We'll even take, so we'll bring out all what's his name from the mothballs with his suit, George Schulti. He's got the petitions all printed up already. Right, he's tried 85 times to recall him. Well, this time we'll even join him. I mean, anybody, I don't care who it takes. And to get these creeps out of office here, man, talk about divisive. Even the people from a salad of all of all organizations have said this community cannot afford any more problems or any more divisions, any more polarization. How do you like that? From us, Valdo Soto, Chairman of Salad, proving that you can't have your salad and eat it too. I mean, what a bunch of fine list disgusting vulgar cowards. These nine metro commissioners show we name them, shall I go down the list from memory? You notice there are no notes. Nine. May it, well, nine is a familiar number on this show. May or Steve spinalists pardon me for being a douchebag clerk. Okay, that's number one. Number two, Harvey R oven, who can't find his dog. Number three, buried pardon me for being a knee-and-a-solve disgusting pandering. Any at Shriver, that's number three, right? Then we have Clara Ongsturley, one of the godmothers of the metro rail. She's number four. Beverly Phillips, something out of animal farm. She's number five. George Valdez, no speaker to England, says number six. Who am I leaving out? Barbara Carrey, number seven. You know, all the protesters are racist. I heard that. I heard Valdez and his broken Spanish. Now, wait a minute. Barbara Carrey's number seven, right? Are we up to seven? Jim Redford is number eight, another knee-and-a-solve. And Sherman, I saved him for last win. Sherman lose. Who seconded, you know, this motion the other day. And, of course, isn't that interesting that Valdez originally was against the referendum, but if this is the best he can get, and the only way he can reopen all the swords again, and pander to the Cuban voters in the day counted, then that's what he'll do. A bunch of these bags down there at the Metro Commission. For Octavia, I had my head was pounding. I was lying there in bed just like half awake. And my head was pounding because we've been through so many times before with these assholes. That's what they are. Will the real chief asshole and day counted please stand up? Now, when we say chief, of course, that could mean like as in police chief, like Clarence Dixon. And there can be no question that Clarence Dixon is an asshole. They're no doubt about that. Am I right? Absolutely. Cowboy Dixon. Cowboy Dixon. He'd be a good chief, Cowboy Dixon. He'd be a good boy. The M&C are ready to go back with M&C. Forget I'll tell you. That's how desperate I am. Terry Robbins, O.S. you're wrong I'm telling you. That's how hysterical I am. I don't give it to him who it takes. To get these assholes out of office and day counted because that's what they are. They're disgusting. They're at a disgrace. Can't you just see? I mean, it's not bad. The New York Times, at least. You know, it was here. There was nothing new. If they would have just left it alone, it's no big deal. They'll pay. They'll pass away in no time. But if they bring up this thing again, and we have it on a ballot in March, this is only the middle of July. And they're going to have the hearing in September that means months and months. Even helines start well. No, not helines start. We don't want her. We're not that this. Curialized how much the national media will be here. The cameras will be rolling people of be screaming and yelling about, you know, what language we should speak. Is it debatable? I mean, do we have to, just because Mr. Valdez can't speak English. Does that mean that there's a debate on what the language of the country is? And then, of course, the English only movement will really take off and it'll get going. And this state is just going to be like hysteria. Thanks to these gutless cowards who didn't have the courage just to say to Valdez, go away Jose, and I'll get lost. Exactly. The English herald is now a supplement to L-herald. In fact, pretty soon, those of you in date County are going to begin L-herald on the outside, and if you're leaf through it, way in the inside there will be a little tiny English supplement. The Miami-Herald and Englace. Exactly. One little tiny section. When is the SMEGAS? That's going to be the herald. And of course, are they busy pandering? There was something in there again today that you showed me. You know, we don't, and of course, we have this shortage of people who can speak Spanish in Dave County. That's what we're all concerned about, right? Oh, yeah, we have a tremendous shortage of people who can't speak Spanish. Oh, boy. I'm telling you, I'm just going nuts from the whole thing. So I'm just going to play a lot of stuff here today. I mean, you see how desperate we are already? That's desperation. Are you all sick of this thing? I'm taking everything. It's timeless lyrics. The music and generation mark two. My knowledge is that you can fight against you on thorn. Follow your breath. I'm falling to the sea. Oh, you're so ready to pop. Look it out! Yes, craft co-lector just has to throw it into the sixties to the face of the strength. Imagine the music of beauty, Collins and the rapid of Curtis glow. Well, I've looked at life from both sides now, from up and down, and still somehow it's absolutely I'm a loser. Kick it off. Yeah, I'm a rich dog. I already don't know. Pop it on. Kick it off. Kick it off. Kick it off. Catch it off. All the day before morning, incredible full of record jets. Claping on the 16. From back up. Here's a five point student Dylan. Hey, to Tamarie Man. Here you tap for me. In the deep ones, tap the morning. I'll be following you. Kick it off. Now that's wrapping on the 16. Exposurely from craft records. Are we always saying? If you buy this, you buy anything. Kick it off. Okay, we sent it out for Chief Dixon this morning. 23 minutes past 10. At WI and Z. Don't you think Chief Dixon ought to have his boon in the box? So you can take away the box and he can break the answer on it. Okay, let's take it again. Number one. It sounds very good. Twenty seven past ten at WI and Z. We have a little something for everybody today. We have the George Valdez doll. When you take it home and squeeze it, it goes. I'll let it live. And we're going to be selling, having a special on those little bit later on. We also have something special for Stan Major today. She's a woman of the eighties. Hello, Dave. Be here, date. All right. She knows what she wants. Hi, Andy. We meet at 930. Okay. And she doesn't care what other people think. No. Dave is 1030 good for you. Great. That's why she wants the fragrance. That says exactly what she is. She's on him for... Every man she wants to know. Such a nymph. Oh. She's a girl who can't say no. You, from the Jacques Saint-Aran, it's nymph. And whether it's dinner with that special someone, or an intimate encounter with a Dallas Cowboys. You want to wear the perfume that says cheap as you are. Hello Coach Landriev. Could you send over the defense of unit at 230? Great. Yes, it's the fragrance. It says I'm easy because face it girl, you are. It's nymph. Okay, that's for Stan. And of course, he probably will be playing that every five minutes now, right? You can be older than you, that was Madonna and Abba. And it probably give you a little or run down on the Miss Teenage America page in last night. He was watching it, I understand very closely. Promise he was going to go home and take notes and tape it and freeze frame and slow mo and you know all like good stuff. And I was telling Stan last night that we live in a very sexist society. You know, we have the Miss America and the Miss Universe and the Miss World and the Miss Teenage America. We don't have any comparable male contests. And we do have like Mr. Universe or some stupid thing like that. But that's for all those grotesque body builders, you know, like Arnold the Schwartz negro and all those disgusting, grotesque revolting subhuman creatures that look like they just came from Mars or something. But you know, what can I say? We live in a very sexist society. And if all those diesel bikes in now continue the way it is, men are just going to kind of like vanish into oblivion. They're all going to look like George Michael. I do notice by the way that in the latest video George Michael has switched ears with the earring. And now in his left ear, I want your sex. Of course, there are all those scenes with a women, all those suggestive scenes in a video. And of course, if there's anybody in the audience who believes that, they'll also believe that our FM was number one in the book. But that's another story. Now we don't know. We're not going to attack them today. Come on. Didn't we agree that we're not going to attack them? I mean, there are 33 stations ranked. If I caught all of this, there are 33 radio 35. I'm sorry. Radio stations ranked in the Arbitron ratings. And our FM, I was not done there in the 30s. They were actually in the teens in some category, 17. 36, a waiterman, 36. I thought they were only 35. 36. No, can that be possible? But that's only a couple of categories, like time spent listening. In other words, a lot of people sampled. But quick flick of the wrist. Well, I don't stop because they're really doing it over there now. Aren't they? Do they? Are we going to turn his mic on? No, okay. Now that's okay with me. Carl said no, and that's fine with me. You don't want it on anyway, do you? It's a lot less threatening. You can just make little sounds in the background. But anyway, getting back to these morons and a metron. You know, how can they possibly do this? How can they have the conscience? And of course, some of them like Roof and who's a real jerk. He says his vote should be only read as willingness to schedule. They public hearing on September 1st. And of course, that's right before Labor Day. That's probably, don't have a calendar here, but that's probably like Labor Day Weekend or something. And everybody will be out of town. They always do that kind of crap. And that means that, you know, far fewer people are likely to show up. The Northern Early Wood. Although I have a feeling that some of us might do our best to try to pack the Metro Commission chambers on that day and see that we really have a turnout. And in between now, and I think what we ought to probably do is give out the phone numbers for all these assholes on a Metro Commission. And to have people just bombard them. I'm serious bombard them with calls because I'm hysterical about this. You know, I mean, we already had the vote seven years ago, which was for a particular purpose because the Mirial Bolif was going on. Everything was out of hand. The town was in chaos. And a lot of people who felt they were just totally losing control of what was going on in this town. And through my audience, as a matter of fact, that Holy Shugod on the ballot that passed overwhelmingly in November of 80, about 60 to 40 percent, which is a very, you know, it's a landslide. That's a big margin, any election. And the idea that now because the nature of the population is changing, now let's have another election because now maybe we can, you know, overturn that. Just to stick the language in everybody's throat and polarize the community again. That's just what we need, Mr. Valdez. You idiot, you mora, you jackass, you disgusting subhuman Creighton. The only reason he wants it is because he can't speak English. How the hell long has he been here? And he can just barely make out a few words. Barely understand what this Creighton says. And he's sitting there on a Metro Commission. Of course, how he got there originally is kind of interesting because he wasn't originally elected to the Metro Commission. He was appointed by Governor Graham of all people to fill the vacancy. I think it was when Neil Adams had a resign under Dores. I'm pretty sure that's when it was. Wasn't it Frank when Neil Adams quit that they put the Jorge on the commission? Whoever it was, it was an appointment by our illustrious former governor. And then of course, Mr. Valdez lied to the people in my show and he got himself reelected. Now, you know, he figures everybody forgot about that. We're not going to bring him out of the closet and he can open this whole thing up again. What is that going to accomplish? And isn't it amazing how everybody in date County, if they don't want it to be a bilingual County, is a bigot? But there is not any other county in the United States in any state that's bilingual. So I guess we have the only bigots in America, either that or everybody else will be a bigot. Like in Los Angeles or San Antonio or El Paso or any place else where they have large groups of Hispanics or Chinese or whatever the holidays. Of all those Polish people in Chicago and in Buffalo, do they ever have a referendum as to whether it ought to be bilingual as to whether Polish ought to be the, you know, language in Buffalo or Italian and Rochester or Syracuse? Pretty soon we'll have to have some Indian language in Hollywood, you know, by the seminal Indian reservation. We'll have to have a referendum in Hollywood to see if we can make smoke signals, you know, equal to the English language. And of course if you've talked to some of the people who live in Hollywood believe me, smoke signals would be the best way to communicate with some of them. Yeah, how about a tri-ling with ordinance? Why don't we get Creole? How about that? Let's get Creole on there too. Yeah, exactly. No, not New Orleans. What is this man? Don't open his mind. He has no idea what he's talking about. Creole. Yeah, all those Haitians in New Orleans, yeah. For this man, I'm going to tell you it's just not well. He's not well at all. He's going into a perpetual cackle in about 20 minutes. We'll never stop. They're just going to have him locked in a chair somewhere. He's just going to be sitting there cackling for the rest of his life. Yeah. Yeah. Power after hour, day after day, just making that sound. Back to feed him intrapenterously. Woo! Just cleaned out a little one there, so to speak. I don't even like talking about this subject because I think that it's been beaten into the ground. It's not a debatable point. The last time we looked, date County was, I mean granted it was barely hanging on, but was still on the map in the state of Florida. In that phallic symbol that hangs down in an embarrassing fashion from the rest of the USA. And it was still in the United States, English is the language and enough with this crap already and enough with embarrassing the community and bringing back all of these old arguments. In fact, at these eight commissioners Beverly wasn't there. She was on having a couple of lunches. But she was out at shorties having 40 pounds of ribs, you know. But the fact that all eight of these Neanderthal sat there and voted, you know, to go ahead and let's put this on a ballot and we'll have our second reading in September and this public hearing, this public hearing, unbelievable disgusting. As bald as so-to, Chair of the Salad says this community cannot afford any more problems, any more divisions, any more polarization. The referendum idea is a cop out. It is nothing but political expediency. I'm not sure I know what he means by that because I think what he would like to do is just have the commission overturned. But I'm not sure. I don't want to put words in his mouth. But at least he's got the guts to say that, which is great. I don't think anybody in their right mind in this town wants to go through this all over again. We can't afford it. And Mr. Pereira and Mr. Odius and all you other jackasses down there who have been whining and screaming and carrying on and blaming the New York Times. Anything that was written in there on Sunday pales into when significance compared to the shame, the disgrace, the humiliation that you would bring upon this town by having another referendum on this and bringing it all back again. I just can't imagine that we could survive that. So maybe they're trying to answer the question, you know, can Miami save itself? Maybe they're trying to give a quick answer. No way Jose. Adios? They've taken this gigantic nail and they're just all getting together with a big hammer and they're pounding the last nail in the coffin of Dave County. What a disgrace. What a subhuman act. And sometimes during the show, do we have the numbers of all of the Metro commissioners and the news department? We must maybe someone, I don't want to mention any names, but maybe someone, Frank, would they get those for us and we could give them on the air and the people could begin bombarding their offices and just screaming bloody murder. We don't need this again. Cut the crap. Put it to rest. The people have already spoken. You know, the idea that we have to keep having another referendum just because the population changes, I don't give a damn if 70% of the people live in Dave County are Hispanic. Dave County is still part of America. The language is still English. What the hell difference does it make? I mean, are they going to have a referendum in, uh, in, in Michigan or in Liberty City? And we're going to make black dialect and, you know, co-equal with the English. Because 95% of the people who live in those areas, you know, are black. I mean, that makes a lot of sense, doesn't it? Boy. I mean, the fact that I was lying there and I couldn't sleep just thinking about this last night indicates one of several things, one of which might be that I'm losing it. That's possible. But when you live in this town long enough, you do begin to lose it. You begin to just lose your mind because you can't believe that they keep doing the same stupid divisive, hateful things over and over and over again, because they want a pander. Now, isn't Valdez up for reelection again this year? I'm not really sure which of the, because we have those staggered elections. That means the, the politician's staggered all over town. And it's very hard to tell who's running when, you know, but I think that Valdez is up for reelection again this year. And wouldn't be great to find somebody anybody to run against him. Who would be somebody good? Like a Tom Fiedler, maybe he'd be good. Now, seriously, we could find somebody anybody to run against this creep and get him the hell out of office already. Because this is the last, I mean, right here, it's like they've drawn the line in the ground, you know, this is the last gasp. And if they repeal that ordinance and we go back to being officially bilingual, they think that's going to be the end of it. That's just going to be the beginning. I mean, you're going to have hysteria over that. People are going to be at each other's throats. Oh, yeah, we could run Daphis for Audient for, yeah, for office. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah. Yeah, somebody who's got an image of a kind of right wing, uh, bigot. Yeah, exactly. Very good thinking, Kyle. We're going to be getting those numbers for you any moment. No, we are. Trust me. Any day those numbers are going to be coming rolling in to this studio. We're going to pass them along to you. And I want to see the people in this audience of all ages. Calling those metro commission offices and letting them really have it. And letting them know that if they, uh, go ahead. And vote for this referendum on the first to September that we're going to have recall election for every one of them who votes for it. And unlike the governor situation, which is, it's a shame because the law doesn't give us any provision to recall the governor in this stupid state. But metro commissioners can be recalled. It's not all that difficult. It's not all that tough, especially with something like this. To go out and get the number of signatures you need on the petitions to get the election and we'll do it. Because I want to remind some of these commissioners that it was through my program seven years ago that we got the anti-bi-lingual ordinance on the ballot in the first place through the petition dry. And that was long time ago when I had an audience that was half the size of this one. And a lot of those people were already the walking dead in that audience. I mean, they weren't even breathing. And we still were able to do it. So you can imagine now. And I know that Stan would go and nuts on this thing too. There's no question about it. And maybe even some of the other hot host in town like, you know, Bill McQuake. He doesn't speak English. What does he speak? He speaks seven or eleven E's. We're still waiting by the way for those names and numbers. They're coming in any second folks. But while we're waiting, I think we got to do something else for the audience, don't you? I mean, they've been so great. And it's easy for us to sit here and, you know, brag about the numbers and have Stan come on and tink a lot over and do that kind of stuff. Oh, look at that. There's the directory. Okay. While we're waiting, while we're looking them up. The queue, Drat. Okay, time for that, Timmy. Why? Because you need your rest. Because if you don't get some sleepy big grumpy in the morning and nobody likes a grump. Because people who are grumpy, you'll escape and nobody likes a grump. Why? Why? The queue, Drat. You think you're in charge? Oh, where's my friends? Where's my club? Where's my mom? Mom, hey, mom. I'm a new. The queue, Drat. Back, cute. They're small. They're really, really nice. Mom, maybe careful. We have to help you. You keep telling yourself, it's only a movie. But it's not. Yes, want you experience the queue drum. Your life will never be the same. And coming soon, hey, back, can I have like to queue for the BMW or what? But teenagers from reality film. Dad, what are you doing in the Volvo? From the producers of the queue, it comes in other slice of real life's terror. I'm working at the free. Three out of a big film, free sense. The teenagers. I'm the one who's here. Can I kids remember to keep that stereo low? Okay, my way promise. What teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood? I mean, only thing that's sick news. I'll get a pair of all. It was the dreamer. Tell you, daughter, I'm ready to take it as slumber party. But I thought that was just for girls. Eight years, you're. I show you something just for girls. When they go through children, you go through hell. The teenagers. That was during a loving room near you. Okay, 1044 at WI and Z. That was the way to fill the time. We've got all the numbers now for the, oh, this is exciting. It really is. This is really exciting. Now, I want you to sharpen up your pencils. I want everybody to get a pencil and a piece of paper. I know that the majority of you won't do it because you're a bunch of lazy takers. You know, you sit back, you won't do it. But, you know, for once in your life, do something constructive. Here's a chance to call these idiots and bitch them out. And really let them know what's on your mind. Going to give you nine different phone numbers. Do you think they can handle that? No, that's a lot. What? Well, I give them about two an hour. No, come on, they can handle it. I mean, if they can handle Stan Show, they can handle this. Very shiver. Are you ready? 375. 5160. You don't have to write down all night. I just do the ones that you hate the most. George Valdez. Now, this is the one that everybody ought to call. No matter what language you speak, I'm really curious. As, in fact, his aid is two aids. The names are Mabel Cova, Cova Veed, and Daisy Hernandez. Yeah, just a coincidence, I guess. I said that late. Right. George Valdez. 375. 515. Barbara Kiri. 375. Well, Barbara Shi, you're kind of beat the token. 375. 5205. Is her number 375. 5205. Sherman Winn, another real-ney-and-earthal. 375. 5128. Harvey R oven. Hmm. We like to talk about the good things that are happening in Dave County, Neil. Let's semester R oven. 375. 5076. 375. 5076. Jim Redford. And you better speak nicely to him because he might shoot you if you don't. 375. 5121. 375. 5121. For those of you who like to eat a lot, you can call Beverly Phillips. 375. 517. 375. 517. Clara Osterley. 375. 5123. 375. 5123. Steve Clark. Let's see. That's um... 375. 5305. The honorable mayor. The metro mayor. Steve pardon me for being a moron clerk. 375. 5305. So those are the numbers for all nine of those knee-and-earthal's. And I know that we've got a good core of people out there who are up in arms about this. And they're not going to sit back and let them destroy what little we have left of this town. Especially right on the heels of all this other bad publicity. And right on the heels of all their hysteria. And they want to reopen all the wounds again. Oh yeah sure. Let's pass the buck. Let's put it on a ballad again. Let's put it on a ballad every couple of years so we don't have to deal with this. She'd never been there in the first place. What happened is back in 1972 the late mayor or in his infinite wisdom and the commission. One day just arbitrarily decided wouldn't be a nice way to pander to the Cuban voters to make this county bilingual. And they didn't ask anybody about it. We'll just do it. And they did it. And so date county for eight years was the only county in any state in this country that was officially bilingual. That was like saying well we're really kind of a foreign country or like Switzerland. And the voters said, Are you in 1980 and that was the end of that we thought we hoped. But all in all let's put it on the ballad again so we can fight and tear and rip and shred. We've destroyed a whole community all over again and bring that great focus in on our town again. Get some more real good press just in time for the tourist season. Unbelievable. Okay, let me give the numbers out because I have a feeling that there might there might just be one or two people in the audience. Got something to say about this if not that's okay. Okay, it's 11 before 11 at wins we're going to come. 9 minutes before 11. Buenos dias. Amigos. And let's start in Hailea. Good morning. Good morning, Neil. It is not a bilingual county. I'm not saying what you just said. I'll say good morning. Neil, I want to first congratulate you on the 9.0 rating of the turn rating. I'm sorry, I didn't just call you yesterday but. But one of the silly reasons that this George Boutes, the city commissioner. The city county commissioner has mentioned as to why it should be too excuse me. Put on the ballot is because of hurting people's feelings. Yeah, hurting people's feelings isn't that great. Like it's a really pressing issue. It's on everybody's lips, you know, every day. We got to repeal that ordinance. Like it really has some kind of effect on everybody's life in this community. You know, here's a parerra couple of days ago talking about we don't have enough money in the new budget. We got to make all these cutbacks and we don't know where the money is going to come from. We got to cut social services again. We got, you know, all of these gigantic problems, the drug problem and you name it. We got it in date county. But, you know, all we have to worry about is, you know, whether we have the official declaration of being bilingual. Because we don't want to hurt anybody's feelings. This man ought to be recalled now. This man. Now. He's an idiot. I remember right back when he was on your show. And I just told the truth, that the Tony commissioner being a doc right later. Absolutely. He said, and you heard it and a lot of other people heard it. He wouldn't do this. And here he is. He figures everybody's forgotten about that. And now before the elections, he's going to pan der, and, you know, do his damnedest to get everybody, you know, on his side. Do you know all his good Hispanic friends on his side? Oh, thank you very much. We'd like to. I'd like to win this. Coconut Grove. Hello. Yes, not like they don't have that stuff. A real black potty of September when the Pope comes down here. Not that I'll be, uh, yeah. Maybe we can have the Pope meet with George Valdez. Well, there are already on his case because of the fact that that gets the key with the bill. Like they didn't have an opportunity to participate in the coming of the Pope. So that's a bit really funny. The coming of the Pope, I don't want to get into that, sir. I think the major problem was Dave County. And the reason why things like nobody wants to get out responsibility in our government is the fact that they're not accountable. And I'm telling the last there's a, you know, different formal government, strong mayor or a formal government. Uh, you know, unfortunately, it's because we're going to continue to have these problems. Yeah, but were you going to find such a person who you're going to have his strong mayor, Steve Clark? I mean, he's about as strong as a couple of week. I think we're going to have to go outside to come and do some recruit. Yeah, well, I have to bring Ed Koch down here. They're not too happy with him up in New York. Now we'll bring him down here. Okay, yeah. Okay. At least he's got a sense of humor. The only thing we would want him to leave best Myers in in New York though. We would require him to do that. And I'm sure he'd be delighted to do it. Four Latterdale. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Hi. First of all, I think congratulate you on your reading. Thank you. Thanks. And that just goes to show a fantastic show you do have. Exactly. When you got a sick mind, man, it draws audience like a magnet. That's right. You know, I'm a little sick too. So that's why this. Right. So a little bit. Good for you anyway. You were right. So Ricky Shaw this morning. Because it turned out that my sister and I was the one that won that. Are you serious? There. And you know what he said when he came to her door? It's a lie. I am not a Nazi. Well, when he came to her door, he found a note on a door saying, I'm not home. I'm at work. So she actually made him travel all the way across down to where she worked. Good. Pat's off to her boy. She deserved to be the winner. I don't know. But she worked at a poovic sub there. At pubics? Yeah. And he walked in and he talked to the manager and told him, And it turned out she was working in the back of the store that day. So they had to go all the way to the back of the store to get to her. And one of the ways, one of the very easy and inexpensive underlined in red ways of doing that, is doing what you is doing. Anyway, I just wanted to know about that. Okay. She did literally make a roll over town. Well, our heads off to her. You were our best. I sure will. Thank you. Good luck. Okay. Sunrise. How you doing? Yes. Good morning, they are. Okay. Congratulations. Thank you. Did you see the page eight in the east section of the Sun Sentinel about the arbitron? Oh, that was in the Sun Sentinel today? Yes. And they have here number two with a 6.3. That's the whole station. Oh, I see. Okay. And behind life. Yeah. But they said you moved up the second place and even Glenn got in the article. Really? It says WINZ program director, Tripit is his station's jump to improvements in other areas besides quote, the Neal Rogers show. So I think that's a stab in the back. Wait a minute. You want to run? We've done again. Glenn held WINZ program director, and the Vultures 4 had right now. So it's a very important thing. It's a tripion of the station's jump to improve the other areas. Besides the Neal Rogers show, but at least you are italicized. Okay. Well, that's good. Well, I'm going to look for that because I, you know, I lost that article in the middle of all the advertising in my Sun Sentinel. You know, that 400 page advertising supplement. I think it's morning's paper. Yeah. Exactly. Well, they're painting program director on the Vultures 4 had right now. So I think you've just promoted him. He's delighted. Okay. Thank you. How do you like that? Hey. Hey. Hey. Goes to show you. The cackle long enough and loud enough. Pretty soon. You're going to get rewarded for it. And there's no question about it. That that cackle out of that nine share has to take at least, um, you know, a tenth or two tenths of a point. And there are some stations in this market that would have loved that tenth or two tenths of a point. Gary Lawrence wants to talk to the Grover at the right for you. I'm sure he does wants to reassign him to another department. Okay. We are going to pause when we come back. We'll pick up. We are going to get to a lot of calls. And I'm serious about that because we're going to give those numbers out every half hour. I'm serious. We're going to give those numbers over and over again. And if you folks don't get on the stick and don't let stop this before it happens. You've got about six weeks before the first to September and that public hearing to get the message across and say, no way Jose. That's the message. No way Jorge. And especially you want to call Valdez. What's his number again in English or Spanish? What is that number? Can I find it before we have to break before this is pressure? Wait, I'm going to Mike. Don't panic now. Don't panic. Here it is. That's not it. That's a counts receivable. Okay. If you want to call it counts receivable. Okay. Mike Wolf has got the headlines. World news from CBS at 11 o'clock. And we'll come back with those and other important numbers at 11 o'clock. On six, the faces that you told this morning, you are going to see those faces throughout the entire process. And there's no question about those people that show up this morning here. Opti, my opinion, racist. We have a song and a question. A musical question for Commissioner Valdez. This is more appropriate for this man that for anyone else in South Florida. For you more, I'm an asshole. Or did you work at your whole life? Either way, it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole tonight. Yes, you're an A. S. S. S. So Ely. And don't keep trying to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. That's not it. Yeah. Yeah. You're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole the rest of your life. I've got a feeling. I was talking to your mother just the other night. I told her I thought you're an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Because you've known him your whole life. And somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Are you a jerk? Or you born an asshole? Or did you work at your whole life? Either way, it worked out fine. Because you're an asshole. Ten minutes past eleven at W.Y. and Z. And Jorge, that's for you, baby. You idiot. You jackass. You fool. But he's not alone. He's got eight compadries over there at Metro who have got all the political courage necessary to keep this community. And absolute cesspool. And if given their own way, that's exactly what they're going to do. Now get your pencils and pens ready because I'm going to give you those numbers again. Okay. I'm going to give them quickly because I can't take you know five minutes out of every half hour. May our Steve Clark's office three seven five five three oh five. Barry douchebag Schreiber's middle initial is D. So I'm sure that's what it stands for. Barry Schreiber three seven five five one six oh. Jorge Valdez three seven five five one one five. Trace yet they think oh, Cinco Uno Uno Cinco Barbara Kerry three seven five five two oh five Sherman win. Sherman S. Win as in Schmendrick three seven five five one two eight Harvey R oven three seven five five oh seven six. Jim Redford three seven five five one two one Beverly Phillips three seven she probably lunch already three seven five five one one seven. And Clara Osterely the grandmother of the metro rail three seven five five one two three and I want you people not only you to make those calls and say no way Jose on his referendum. And the cut the crap already with dividing and conquering and pantering in this community, but I want you to call everybody you know get to that phone book and start with five eight towing. And call everybody you know and pass along those numbers and let's really let these people know and no uncertain terms we're not going to let them. Put the last nails in our coffin enough is enough already north Miami hello. Yes, now hi. If the people ignore the luxury that the commission has given themselves with private phones in their car. Yeah. And they're paying for it and nobody gives a damn it comes up on television and everyone sits back apparently and don't even listen. What can we really do here? What we can do let me tell you something they want issue even more than drugs more than crime more than anything else. And I'll you can go to the bank on this the one issue that infuriates the people in this community is bilingualism all they have to do is hear the word and about 90% of the people go off the defense. I say something where you know what they really do they move out of this town and that's a sad part isn't about time that that stopped. That's right and the American people don't vote who put him in there. Yeah. Who put me who goes to vote when you say did you vote? Oh, I forgot all about it. I as if the foreigners will vote I vote I accept that as a privilege. And yet if you're looking away from these people they'll be fighting and crying and shouting. Yeah. They do not vote and the only ones that go out to vote really are the cubans. And that's one thing we I had read I think somewhere heard it on the radio that we should charge them if they don't vote we should put a lead as taxor. Charge them for not voting and I think that's very important something has to be done. Yeah, okay. Appreciate hearing from you. My name is hello. Yes, I just wanted to say when you're playing your song from Mr. Valdez. Yeah, I don't you have the governor Martinez because I think he's just as big a one. Yeah, well, of course he's in Tallahassee. We're sticking to day county but if we were to bring Martinez down here would be a really tough battle. I think that what he had to do is also start a recall for him. I'd be the governor. There is no recall man. They're trying to calm yourself. Okay. There is no recall for the governor. There's no provision in Florida law to recall the governor. I'd be more than I'd be delighted. I'd be the first one to lead that campaign if we had a way to do it, but it just isn't possible. Well, they're saying to me. I agree with you. But there's not everything that he said was not going to do in his campaign. I couldn't agree with you more and just keep in mind that one of the folks who helped to give us one of the prime forces who helped to promote Martinez was the Harold. So if your Matt is hell in your tired of taking it one of the other things you can do today is just say no to the Harold say a stile to the Harold. And I don't have those numbers in front of me anymore, but we'll get those two. I'll find that yellow sheet somewhere. What are you laughing about? Sirius, we can get a good thousand cancellations to the Harold today alone. Really stick it to him. And one of these days by the end of the year, I'm serious it will be hell-herald with a little tiny thin English language supplement way in the back and the rest will all be in Espanyol. We can have a George Valdez, can have his own private newspaper in his house every day because the rest of the Cubans won't read the Harold anyway, so that'll be it. If you don't eat paper in America with the circulation of one. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi. So I'm just concerned about the bilingualism as you are for one reason, even though I don't have any date, even to be successful, their legislative delegation could take it to the state and try to have this past statewide. Yeah. I want to talk to you about this issue. After World War II, a lot of Polish refugees came into Chicago and Chicago at that time had a second largest Polish population outside of Warsaw. And these people, a lot of them are professional people, could not take their professional licenses in Polish. They could not get a driver's license. You had to read, write, and speak English. Of course. And they did not, they were happy to learn English. They were so happy that this country brought, let them come in. They were so appreciative and so proud to be in this country that they were more than willing to learn English. And if they could do it, why can't these Cubans insult America? And isn't it interesting that Valdez talks about people's feelings being heard? Isn't it amazing that every county and every other state? And virtually any county, you know, in a community of any size, has got people who are from any country in the world you can think of, right? Right. And those people's feelings aren't heard. There isn't any other county that's declared itself officially bilingual in the whole United States. And all 50 states, why is it that in only a date county do we have people so sensitive that their feelings are heard? If we don't want to be officially bilingual, doesn't that make a lot of sense? Yeah. And if it is allowed, I'm afraid we'll no longer be the United States of America. We'll be the United States of South America. And it really is a fight in the United States because this could spread. Well, I hope that everybody and not just people who live in the county, but people who are really upset about this will call those numbers and give these people holy hell. Because if they put us through all of this all over, you know, what I'd like to know is what's going on that requires this. One man and one man only has decided for his own political purposes that he's going to rekindle all of this all over again. And evidently the commission feels, well, you know, he's important enough. We don't want to, you know, take any decision on this because Valdez wants to bring it up all over again. We're going to put it on a ballot. What is the same? What other possible reason could there be to reopen all of these old wounds again? There isn't really. And it's just saying that's happening. And I hate to see that happen really because I understand there is a, well, when some congressman is trying to go federal law, that would say this is English only. Well, see, that's what's, that's what's going to happen. If this thing does get on the referendum and we go through all this big divisive thing, and if God forbid the referendum should lose, and, you know, we should repeal the anti-violent will ordinance, then what's going to happen is a lot of people are going to jump on the English only van wagging at the state level, and then, of course, the federal thing. So this has implications not just for date county, but for the state and for the whole country, if we have to put this thing on a ballot and open up all the old sororers again. Right. Now, which people would realize that because some people have the idea, why don't we live in date county, so why shouldn't I not, why should I worry about it? And they should, because it can spread so easily. You bet like a disease. Right. Okay. Thank you very much in congratulations on your reading. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. 118 at WI and Z is we desperately, you know, desperately searching for Susan, we're desperately searching for America here in South Florida. Do we have any Americans out there? I mean, North Americans, of course. Let's go to Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. I want to know that that song you played could not be inappropriate. Yeah. I went through this with you in A&A. They wrote it about him. You know, they wrote that song about Jorge Valdez. I, and that's just the point I was going to make. I can remember him saying, oh, no, I don't want to be called Jorge. Yeah. That would be George. Now, would the Quitca turn about right? Here we go again. Yeah. How about just Jorge? You, you, you're a Valdez, because that's what he's doing. He's pouring himself to the voters with this thing. Hmm. Why, huh? The Cuban voters. Everyone of the officers. Naturally, you only get the secretaries. And you write Beverly Thorough's must be out for lunch. Yeah. You couldn't talk to her. I did. Well, she eats about, you know, seven, eight hours a day. I did tell each one of the secretaries that I'm already coming to the side of the petition. I have, in this to truth, I have taken two people at least, down to executive bank, writing and candle drives. You can sign up there to become a voter, because this whole thing is bothering me so much. And I said that we would be there in mass at the hearing, because we are so much against this. So at least I tried a little, and as you need a volunteer, for anything. Okay. You've got one. Great. Thanks a lot. Okay. How do I speaking of Beverly Phillips? I wonder what her comments were about this, even though she wasn't at the meeting yesterday. Okay. 20 minutes past 11 at WI and Z. We are going to come back in just a second. Want me to read that on the air. We have something very important from the way that exciting new publication of the way of this is in the classified section this month under health services. And am I making this up or am I reading it? Okay. We have a witness. I'm reading it right from the way. It says health services, jurbling the perversion. Help stop it. Call 1-800-8-Saveem. You know, might be kind of exciting to, by the way, we'd lost a couple of people on the phone. I see we have an open line of each county and day six to four, 9400. In Broward 524-9400. Let's see one, 800-8-Saveem. S-A-V-E-E-E-M. Okay. This ought to be real good. Maybe we'll put it on the air if it's, you know, I'm not going to put it on the air right away. Just a little nervous. It's ringing. There's such a number. Churbling. Ring you second time. A third time. They'll must be in the cage. A fourth time. Nobody home. They're all busy now. I was going to say they're out, but I guess this means they're in. Okay. Let's take our first break this hour. We'll come right back. You know, it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today. It takes Dr. Lowell and Moirs. I'm at accountants. And library. But it also takes much more than that. It also takes America's moron. You're a signal, you're a signal. Good morning. You know, why we're all around you. We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket. We're sitting behind you in the movie theater, wrapping our Christmas gifts. You put food, you put the moves. And we're holding up your bank line while we try to catch a check from the bank of Venus. It pal, could you hurry it up? Why are you? Clearly a association of Ignorant Americans. And we're always looking for new members. So if you hate him, you might already don't read much and just love to litter. Then have a friend dialed the phone for you and give us a call. Just dial area code 632-626-676-6 or me am a moron. I am a moron. This is the work work of the morning. Oh, is he sleeping? Oh, the Americans morons. We're taking years off your life. 1126-611Y and Z, we dedicate that to the Metro Commission, of course. And it's interesting that the beacon council and the greater Miami Chamber of Commerce and all these other do-good-e organizations that are always so paranoid about what happens from outside. You know, like the New York Times article? Why aren't they up in arms about this? Why aren't they screaming, bloody murder? Because if they're too stupid to see the implications, if we have another one of these by Lingual elections in date, county, then they really need serious health. They need Bill Casey's doctor. To do some wholesale lobotomies here. Miramar, hello. Hello? Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. I've got rid of a Harold three months ago. Good for you. I got some terminal. I'd like to read the radio on your rating. Thank you. And if you get that part of the paper, it hasn't been article about you and... Oh, I have it right here. They have both of the information wrong, but that's, say, you know, that's a son's centenol. You know, if they go out and buy a radio, it would be a good start, but they can't afford one yet. But I didn't have an old bag. That's why I enjoyed centenol. By the way, Neil, while you were on vacation, I sent in the cassette for my favorite song that I Ninety-five song. Yeah. And to be later, I never got anything back in my clothes, then he said the feminine another could set. But I'm on social treat in that clinic for all that. And I still didn't get it back, like, you know, which returned to me. And that's who's been away on vacation. Oh, pretty breezes, it went out today. Did it really? Yeah. Yeah, they've been sitting around for a long time because I was in the station. Oh, good. I thought maybe I got lost in May. No, you should get it soon. I hope so. Thank you so much, Neil. Okay. I enjoy your show, Matt. Thank you. 27 after 11 at WI and Zine OpenLight and Brower, that five, two, four, ninety, four hundred. Isn't it peaceful? That he's just a girdling way in the background today. We're not going to open his mic. Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. I'd like to let you know what Southern Belle has done. They seem to have gone to WI and Zine. I came back here for three months vacation. They have built it. The Southern, I guess, the South Beach office, and they were closed up. They had a three by six foot sign on the door. In Spanish, New English. So I parked and got out and went over and found a eight and a half by 11 inch paper. It English saying, don't come here anymore. Go to the sears. Don't. Thought that was kind of interesting that they've already gone to total Spanish. No. I guess. Adios? Yeah. Could I make a comment about the Harold? Go ahead, please. I'm about five or six years ago. They were endorsing the setback policy on the bank. And then they came out about a year later and built their new addition right on the bank. Mm-hmm. It will. We have to because it's, uh, to take you as we are property. It makes it look good. So we will have to be the exception. I just thought I'd let you know about a few of your favorite people out there. Okay. Thank you. 1129 at W.Y. and see there's an open line in day. Six to. Would you try to control yourself, please? I'm telling you, you're going to go into that, uh, continuous cackling you're never going to get out of it. We have to call it paramedics. Uh, 624 9400 is a number of day. We'll go to Princeton. Hello. Hello. Uh, yes. You were looking for an American and you were looking. You were talking about people who's feelings are hurt. Yeah. 114 American, 34th generation board in this country. I had the advantage of growing up in Latin America. Graduated from college and Latin America. Uh, but my feelings are hurt. I have always had the chance to very much support of the Latin community. But last week, I really heard there's an ad that is just recently come out being aired on Spanish radio. There's not an English translation for a new beer that's being produced in Dave County. And the ad is very interesting. It's very well done. The fellow compares the food that they used to eat in Latin America. The chicken tastes better in Latin America. The tomatoes taste better in Latin America. And, uh, when they were in Cuba, they used to eat garlic bread and, and so on. They couldn't go out in the street because of how strong the garlic was in Cuba. But in American garlic is not strong. And then they want to mention American beer. And the punch line to the ad is an American beer like everything else. It doesn't taste like anything. Oh, terrific. And I, well, it's not much of an upset. No, like everything you've excuse me. Like everything else American. It doesn't taste like anything. Yeah. And this is the first time in my life I've ever called a radio station. But I'm so enceenced by this that I feel that I've called the company. Yeah. I mean, manufacturers of beer and it turns out that the general manager of the company is an American that doesn't speak Spanish. Terrific. And doesn't realize that that's the kind of advertising that's being publicized. Yeah. I mean, I just, I just feel it. There's enough anti-alattance sentiment in the country. Without aggravations from this. You know, all of a sudden, it's always the latin. Their feelings are hurt. They're, they're, they're being discriminated against. Yeah. I just feel it. It's time we said something. Okay. I appreciate it. Metro Commissioner Harvey Roof and it says, hello. Yeah. Neil Harvey Roof and here. How are you Harvey? Number one. I want to congratulate you on the successful way that you managed to flood the, the telephone lines of the county commission. Good. My poor secretary's got a lot of work to do today. And she's answering a lot of calls. I want to do to know that my personal position on this issue is I am not a favor of the repeal. Right. No, but, sorry. Let's slow down a bit. Okay. Okay. But let's slow down. Okay. I would like to understand why it is that I don't see any great drive. In fact, salad is against this. Everybody in the community is against it. The only one who seems to be in favor of it and evidently for political pandering purposes is commissioner Valdez. Why is it that the rest of you, the other eight of the commission, couldn't just say to Mr. Valdez. As you should have said, and as you did say the previous week, why didn't you just say we don't need to reopen this all again? The public has spoken. It's on the record. Why do we just leave it alone? We've already had the bad publicity in the New York Times. We're trying to get our act together, trying to bring the community together. Let's give it a rest. Why didn't you say that instead of saying, oh, yeah. Let's, let's, let's, you know, vote for a referendum and put it back to the people again. How many times do we need to reopen the source Harvey? Let me allow me to finish our session. First of all, I have said that to him. And my vote on yesterday's agenda was made very clear at the time that I will not support the commission taking its action by putting it on the ballot. The ordinance that's on the books now was put there as a result of an initial Tory petition dry where people went out and got 137,000 signatures. If that law is to be expunged or to be repealed, then I believe that the democratic process requires that it be done in the same way. So a referendum can kind of be put on about one of two ways either by direct commission action or through an initial Tory process. The initial Tory process, frankly, in this case, I think is the only appropriate way. And I will not support putting it on the ballot by action of the commission. I frankly hope it doesn't get on the ballot because I see a community debate that wouldn't in fact be very divisive and very negative. And probably to see some of the goals that those that are favoring the repeal want to accomplish. So I just wanted your listeners and you know to know what my position is because it was put in the paper simply as a unanimous vote to put it on the ballot. The issue will come up on September 1st. There will be a public hearing at that time and for the first time a resolution will be put to the commission to place it on the ballot. It's my hope that that can be defeated and that if there are persons in the committee that wish to see this repeal, then that they take an initial Tory petition and go through the democratic process to obtain enough signatures to be requisite for a commission. Then we just merely be a rubber stamp and putting it on the ballot as result of signatures. Yeah, I also want you to know. That's the only way that I would support it going on the ballot. Yeah, I also want you to know Harvey that George Valdez appeared on my show about four five years ago and pledged on the air that he would not attempt to repeal the anti-biling will ordinance that he wouldn't open up the wounds again. That he understood that it was counterproductive that it was divisive. He promised the electorate that he would not bring this up again. And for the life of me with all the other problems we've got with the budget problems with the crime and the drug problems with the image problem of the New York Times article and all the other problems legitimate problems we have in date County. How a member of the Metro Commission Mr. Valdez or anyone else can think that this is the time to bring up such a divisive thing again and reopen all the old wounds. Candleus, it's scandalous. I believe that he isn't here and that he very deeply feels that this law on the books has a negative influence in the relationship between the various ethnic groups. I don't agree and you don't agree and there are many up there that don't agree but I think that it should be made clear that he is sincere that he is trying in his mind to do something that he thinks is good for the overall community. And I think the place to resolve that is at the public hearing and everybody puts their view forth. And I think that there is a healthy discussion going on. I just wish frankly that we would be talking about other things like the budget, like our transportation needs, like all the other problems of pollution, etc. that we have. And my concern is that this would sort of distract and put the focus off of those issues but believe me he is sincere. I think that he is. Well, well if he is sincere then it doesn't speak very well for his ability to be a member of the Metro Pollamon date County government because you know there is no other county in any other state in this country that is officially bilingual. And yet the ethnic groups and those other counties in all other states seem to manage somehow to coexist and probably in most cases in better harmony than we do here in date County. So the idea that we need some official declaration of bilingualism in order to pacify people's feelings or not to hurt their feelings is ludicrous and must develop as ought to be made aware of that. Well, I'm sure that that view is being expressed to him by your listeners and other people and he is probably getting the opposite view from other people and he's getting. He's having to make up his own mind as each of us have to do but I want you to know that as far as Harvey Rubin is concerned this issue does not belong on the on a ballot unless. And people come with the required type of petition and get the signatures that the law prescribes at that point it's automatically on the ballot but I will not support putting it on the ballot. The action of a commission because I think it would be a negative and defy some debate that really doesn't accomplish anything because I think even with this law on the books right now there really isn't any problem. And it doesn't need to be repealed but there are obviously people that have a different viewpoint and. They'll be a whole process played out and I just hope that it doesn't get to and send to read because he can be a very negative thing as you said. No question about Harvey I appreciate it and I'm glad that you're on a record with us. Okay. Thank you. Okay, that's a commissioner Harvey Rubin and we have a right on the longer tape there so there's at least one vote against the commission putting this on the ballot for a referendum. 23 minutes before noon and evidently there's some people making some phone calls out there today right so it's probably a pretty good idea that we should give those numbers out one more time right exactly. And we don't want to disrupt Metro government because we know that there are a lot of important issues that are going on like you know probably buying a lot of. Mobile phones for the county manager and a lot of other really important things maybe some suits that need to be a longer dry clean huh. So let's give those numbers one more time for all of our illustrious leaders in dayd county our mayor Steve Clark is probably buried in a closet somewhere until the next meeting. So we're going to have a look at the number of the five seven five five five three oh five unless of course there could be a ribbon cutting ceremony somewhere in town in which case the mayor will show his face or whatever part that he shows when he comes out in public three seven five five three oh five. For a very shriper who of course continues to be one of the great in niggmas in a history of mankind or one of the great douchebags if you will the number is three seven five five one six oh. three seven five five one six oh commissioner about this three seven five fifty one fifteen three seven five five one one five and that's you know if there's only one call that you make it should be the valedas office. Of course they may not understand English but I'm sure you can make yourself understood three seven five five one one five Barbara carry three seven five five two oh five. five five two oh five Sherman win three seven five five one two eight three seven five one two eight will eliminate roof and now because he called in and if the commissioners want to get their numbers off the year that's probably can follow his footsteps right. By two o'clock we can have you know several other votes enough votes to defeat it you know if they want to follow Harvey's footsteps Jim Redford three seven five five one two one. Beverly Phillips who is in the middle of uh... moshy's eating with Henry the eighth is a matter of fact right now having little lunch three seven five fifty one seventeen. three seven five one one seven she's eating in the Henry the a thining room at the metro commission chambers and Clara austerely three seven five five one two three. Clara of course she be one of our favorites three seven five five one two three the queen of the metro rail. Okay twenty minutes till noon at w i and z let's take our next call in mirror mar hello. Hello Neil. What is this. I call because. I've had it with the Spanish situation on the books enough to drive you nuts. I'm married to somebody who's Latin and when they came here from Cuba they moved to Chicago so the lady that called about the Polish people prompted me to call. When they moved to Chicago from Cuba they had no alternative but to learn English. And my wife's perfect English. I get approached all the time and stores by Spanish people because I look Latin my wife looks like she's Scandinavian. When her family move from Chicago to Miami. Her mother being an older person and her father being older person. Stop speaking English. They don't speak any English anymore. They've regressed. And the problem is that the people have come from Latin America. They don't have to speak English down here. If they move to another part of this country they would have to speak English. But they're attitude in general and I have a lot of friends that are Latin. The attitude in general when you talk to people and you really have a nice conversation. They say we don't have to speak language. We're not forced to speak the language. We can get a long fine without ever speaking any English in this town. And they don't want to learn the language. Yeah, which is an attitude that really is very conducive to a winning friends and a bringing harmony into the community. Well, it's a bad situation. My family originally came from Italy years ago. They didn't speak any English when they got here. Yeah. And they learned the language. I don't speak any Italian. I wish I did. But I don't. I don't see anything wrong with learning the language. Speaking the language at home. Speaking the language to your friends. Speaking the language when you want to speak the language. But don't force it on other people if they don't choose to speak the language. No matter. I don't think there's ever been any other time in the history of this country when a group has come into the country and used. A second language other than English as a weapon. And that's how it is used on a daily basis in parts of South Florida as a weapon as a divisive method. You're 100% correct. You couldn't be more on target. I work with a gentleman who came from Germany many years ago. And when he came here, he only spoke 10 words of English. The man speaks perfect English. And he also speaks perfect German. But he doesn't speak any Spanish. The other gentleman is called about the beer. That's also interesting. These people, I don't know why. But they're very, very inflammatory to everyone. I happen to think that the beer in this country stinks. We don't know how to make beer. It tastes like skunk urine. The best beer in the world comes out of Germany. I happen to like coronavirus which comes from Mexico. But not the coronavirus beer that we buy in this country. I like the coronavirus beer that you get in Mexico, which we cannot get here. It's a stronger beer. But Germany makes the best beer. But yet these people say that the Dan and Latin America were wherever they come from. Their beer is the best. It's not the best. German beer is the best, but they don't want to own up to this. I did call them there a clock on your first round of phone calls. Yeah. The people. I was one of the first people to call over there. Yeah. And I think a lot more people should get on the stick and call. Because if we don't do this, we're going to have a problem in day county. It's going to drift up into brown county. And people in brown are think because of that line. Listen, it's not gonna get already has. Plantation. The try and water hill. And there's so many parts of South Broward, Hollywood. Other loads of places. You can walk into the Broward Mall and see signs on some of the stories by Lingwell help. It's already in the brown. It's spreading like a cancer. It's like a disease. So, as I said so many times, there are in the history of this country. There were ethnic neighborhoods, little pockets in big cities where we had a Tag in neighborhoods and Jewish neighborhoods where they speak English. But this is a thing that's like sweeping all over South Florida. And it's got to stop. I mean, you know, if we can't even agree on what language we speak, how the elders anybody get along here. I agree. All of this crap about world, you know, we have all of this latin trade. As I said yesterday, there is no shortage of people in this area who speak this Spanish language. That's just a cop out to use the language again as an instrument to beat people over the headwood. Well, as far as Spanish trade, yes, there is a lot of Spanish trade. But if you're dealing with somebody that's from another country, and that's their language, okay, you can first in that language, but still the English language is the language. If you go to Japan, they don't even have signs in most places in Japan and English. You have to go up to somebody and try to get interpretations. In a lot of countries, we don't have signs. At least down here, we're putting up signs for people that come in. They're coming from out of the country. That I can see. I can also see them putting up signs in French. Let's not be big it's here. Let's not just make it for Spanish people. We have a lot of French tours to come here. We have a lot of German tours to come here. They should put up signs, multiple language signs, for people to get around on Metro Rail and public facilities. It's said, well, yeah, Metro Rail. They'll put up signs in 50 languages because then maybe somebody would ride it, you know. Maybe somebody stupid enough would ride it who doesn't know that they're about, you know, to take their last ride. And the other item, as far as jobs, that they're, they're, they're bitching and moaning to the commission, that they're not getting jobs almost 50% of the people that live in day County are some Latin-Latin group. They are the majority as far as people. Who cares? Who cares? As I said before, if there are 70% of the people in Buffalo were Polish, they wouldn't be having a referendum there, try to become a bilingual city and make Polish the second official language equaled English. It's not an issue anywhere else. And I don't give a damn if it's 43% or 83% of people are Hispanic and Dade County. It's still a part of the United States, at least allegedly part of the US. I hear it. But if they're saying that they're a minority, how can they be a minority when, when they statistics show that they are a majority? Well, they all, they're only a minority when it's convenient to be a minority. But it means that there's certain, certain benefits of being a minority. And then it's great. Amen. Well, I don't want to hold you up any more Neil. You have a great show. I started listening to you with Oli days. Yeah. And I'm hooked. I think it's great. It breaks my day up. I listened to Zeta on the way to work and Zeta on the way home. But the rest of the day I find you and stand very, very amusing and informative. Excellent. Let me commend you on your good taste. Have a great day to some of our fun. By the way, for the guy who called earlier was telling us about the Abir story. We have our own special beer. We're going to be sending several cases of this over to Commissioner Valdez later in the day. It takes a special breath of man to get these poems across the roughest part of a Colorado river. Or to get that tug alongside a 5,000 tons super tanker. And when it's all set and done, you know you were the man in charge of bringing her home. Yeah, that's me. You. Yeah. Come on. Get serious. That's not you. You're like most beer drinkers. What? All you want is eight hours of football. A tub full of three dubs. Yeah. And a couch. Big enough to handle you and your poop. And your big ass mountain. Or to speak as a mountain. Beer belly. Big bottom. No problem here. Just have another king of extra heavy touch beer. To a beer for the biggest part of you. To a toast. No big as a mountain on a twist beer. That's a twist breweries. Say you're late Missouri. Okay. And that's for Commissioner Valdez because nobody in date County is a bigger Tush than he is. Twelve minutes till noon at WINZ will come right back. When it's time for any hope left in this state at all. I mean, is there even the tiniest bit of hope between people like George Valdez and Bob Martiniz? And you know, it's interesting how the names all kind of sound the same to it. All those police who are being indicted. What is it stuff? South Miami. Hello. Hi. I'm very glad you see what's going on. What they tried to do those Cubans because they think now. I'm glad I'm a little bit because on the last part of the movie. We were talking with the winner. But now he thinks that he's more human. He's strong. But now he's going to win. That's his idea. Well, first of all, you know, when you say those Cubans, I don't know anybody who really is all that excited about this salad, which is one of the most militant right wing of the Cuban groups. Is against this. They don't. And their leader came out. He said that we can't afford any more divisions in any more problems. And he's totally against putting it on a ballot again. So other than Mr. Valdez who lives all by himself in this little stupid cocoon as dream world of his, I don't know of anybody who thinks that we need to open all of this up again. Well, that's not our mean because he says, you know, they always said that you're sorry for the poor people. I used to live in Cuba. Now, my dad didn't care about that poor people. There was no union there was no. Yeah, right. I was dying in the streets. He didn't care. If it now, they want to care about the people to just talk. They just want to be in over us. And that's how they decide the truth. Yeah, okay. Well, just remember the slogan, man, recall George Valdez. Pompano, hello. Hello. Yes. I'm at the work tonight. I just wrote down all those numbers. And I've never done this before. I keep got me on the other side. Well, it's never too late. The reason I called is a while back. I was pumbling around the dialier. I worked. I'm new to Florida. And I heard you talking about the evangelists. And I said, man, that's a big kind of man. So then you mentioned he tried a couple of times. And my best friend for 10 years was named Neil Rogers from Detroit. Really? And I said that one day, there could be any. Connected because he mentioned WGI-1. And then you mentioned it in start today. And I said, what's he making? You know, it's a mission. You know. Well, I know, mission. I live there for 12 years, but I don't know any other Neil Rogers. Well, Neil was. We're a war two veteran. Yeah. Anyway, I agree with you. I'm 100% in this thing. And I'm going to call the numbers. Good. I thought I might give you one little thing about the human out of the vagus. And they have a problem out there. Of course, if you've ever played 21 or less about half the dealers, they're all you know. And it's Hispanic. And they have that problem. So I went into a liquor store from one name and ordering it. Some liquor in this woman was married to the guy that owns the liquor store. And he was like, right, she was in the kind of a bad mood. They said, what's the matter? She's no, I just went to traffic court. And she said, the judge, you mean you take it to the phone? I think he's a nice guy. But no one's going to say, I think I'll remove my citizenship. I think I will just take your liquor back and take what's your having me. Okay. Well, listen to make those calls now. Don't let any time get away from you. Dear field. Hello. Hi, Neil. Couple of things. Number one, having you, having you been a detorter and me being a detorter. They never really changed the language and him. You know, they're all as you're absolutely right. They did have their Polish speaking papers. Yeah. But it was never done that way. The other thing is is what they are driving to here in the state is it's going to get a state referendum and you will have a state referendum. Obviously passing the fact that there is only one language which show created. There isn't a terrific that we have to waste all of this time, all of the energy and all the money that people have to put in these campaigns. I know it's a big economic factor. Is that people don't understand? Is that if you've ever been into Canada lately, just listen on the or Canada when the steward has has to know two languages, which is not all that bad, or everything that is on that airplane. Every magazine just figure what the economic impact that is what these people don't understand. If that referendum goes through in the city, and they have to print every single thing in that in two languages, just that those people are looking for a lot of things from a bunch of their taxes. They're going to go up just for the city buses to have double names, double advertisement, double this, double that. We just put it through a sales tax that is already added to some of these services. Yeah, we're cutting back all of these social services in the county because Mr. Perreras says we can't find the money to fund them. And we really can afford the luxury of start new vehicle bilingual again. Got, did you hear the thing on your news program this morning about the bilingual is about the, the Rio that the Hispanics are mad at him because there's only 26% Hispanics. Well, he hasn't hired enough his 4% percent. I've heard there are 44% living there to the everything about the fact that maybe the other 18% are living off the dole. Or maybe aren't qualified. Or whatever. But the point is that they're not on Perreras back because he didn't hire Hispanics. So we're getting the same thing that happened years and years ago, reversed discrimination and some of the suits and some of the derision, some of the divisions, some of the animosity and it's just building up to a point that it's going to be bad one these days. I really have some bad vibes about what could what this area may end up in, but a lot of other areas may end up in and unless they start controlling possibly even immigration to the extent that they let some people in that are willing to learn the language to make their way in this life of ours and not cause a problem so that I have to learn Spanish to deal with you or whatever language that might be. And you know what? I can remember very vividly my parents talking English, but they also knew Romanian, they also knew Polish, but they're main language was English. Yeah. OK. Appreciate hearing from you. We're just about on the time in this hour. And let's give those numbers real fast again before the hour ends if you got your pencil sharpened. We have two of our lines. It'll be all opened by the way. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 100. OK. Mayor Steve Clark. 375, 53, 05. Get him early in the day because later, and he afternoon, he and Grandma Boone always have a good chat. Barry Schreiber, 375, 5, 5, 1, 6, 0, George Valdez, 375, 5, 1, 1, 5. Barbara Kary, 375, 52, 05. Sherman Win, 375, 5, 1, 2, 8. Jim Redford, 375, 5, 1, 2, 1. Beverly Phillips, 375, 5, 1, 1, 7. And Clara Osterly, 375, 5, 1, 2, 3. Now during the lunch hour, be a great time to call those of you who are working, or other things, you know, that occupy your time. Michael Fisher with the headlines, world news from CBS had known, and welcome back with our cast of millions at 12.06. You've bought his records. You've seen his film. You've even purchased the day-glow velvet memorial paintings of the gas station. Has a true Elvis fan you think you've heard at all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. No, I'm waiting. But there's Elvis. Now, once you come all right now, make me a big peanut butter that was so good. A peanut butter that was there with your little kid man, too, with the band. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. Both people in their neighborhood. There's the Elvis. Once you bring the old, the boy's house. Don't make it the tree. Let me just say double-piece. Yeah, I'm home. I'm alone. And I'm home, man. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how we really feels about the one true love of his life. Once you back him a lot, baby. And I don't do way back. Is he picked up some donuts, please? Make jelly, clean donuts. Krull is to me, day to day. I love my baby, honey, baby. Don't love my. Well, I'll do my candy. The Elvis tapes. I give a give a give a give a give a more do-do-do. I've made a mouth in front of stars everywhere. I'll eat. I love eating, I'm on demand to food. I give a big bottle. OK, eight minutes. That's noon at WI and Z. We're going to go right back to your calls. And we hope that you're busy on the phone yourselves today. I'm making calls to those wonderful Metro-Dade commissioners. You don't have to be a resident of the county because if you anywhere within the side of my voice, you could suffer from the fallout and the embarrassment. If this whole bilingual thing is back on a ballot again, and we have another referendum and all that, you know, all I don't have to spell it out for you. You're not done. OK? Well, OK, let's go back to Miami. Hello? Hello? Yes. OK. First of all, you were saying how old this is going to bring problems in the community. What do you think you're doing with your program? What do you mean by that? What are you saying? Also, in other words, we're not supposed to talk about it. We're just supposed to sit back and let them do whatever they want. Is that what you're saying? Saying that. What are you saying? I'm saying the same way, but I'm talking Spanish. Are you bringing up all this problems? It's the same thing. Now, you see, you always want it this way. The Spanish language stations can come on and do the most outrageous and flammatory right wing kind of garbage. Twist the news. Attack people. Call everybody a comment. Is that OK? But if we in the English language media come on and respond to what are saying anything, then we're being divisive and we're trouble makers. And I don't want to talk to people like you OK? Because you're a moron. You know, it's bad enough we have a going on right here in the community. But we can put it to rest. We can lay it back to bed right here in the community. We don't have to open up wide for the whole country that come back in here and look at how divided date County is again. We can't afford any more of that, OK? And if you can't figure that out, then you've got more problems than I realize you already do. Miami, hello. Hi. Hi. I've listened to yourself at some time. I was just driving in traffic and I was getting in sense and I wanted to tell you how I feel. I think it takes someone like you to bring out someone like me to call up and tell you how I feel. I just went into an industry that is primarily Latin. I'm not against learning Spanish in order to do more business or whatever. But I answer the telephone now and all these people are hanging up when they hear an American voice. And it's really strange. And I don't care if we lose the business because of it. Yeah. The hero recently contacted me at home and said, you've been a good client for so many years. We want to give you a free month subscription. I think I'm going to call up a chance. Good. Good for you. OK. My grandparents came here at the turn of the century. All of them came from Russia. And they were all adults. They all learned English. Oh, yeah. You know, we've been through it a million times. It's all very commonplace. It's all part of what's going on in this country for a very long time. And the idea that this county somehow has to be an exception as ridiculous. Great. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. Miami, hello. Me? Yeah. Nice. I was shocked yesterday watching that commission meeting on the television cable. It's about this. I think he's a disgrace. And another thing I always was under the impression that we had eight commissioners and a mayor. After yesterday, I had come to conclusions. We had seven commissioners, a mayor and a dictator. Because Mr. Daldez evidently doesn't know what a democracy is. No, he doesn't. He hasn't got the foggyest idea of what our system of government is all about. And yet here, he sits there as a commissioner as one of nine members of the governing, the most important governing body in Dave County, a county of over 2 million people. And the idea that he is there is outrageous and a design acceptable. That's right. And another thing, if you notice, I don't know if the people took notice. But it's the meeting to weeks ago. He came on the air on the television. And he gave an interview to the television cameras. And he called all of the commissioners and the mayor, cowards. Yeah. So they would not second his motion. Right. But people spoke, and I think the commissioners were smart enough to know not the second it, why bring up all dirt. And he got on there. But if you notice, he didn't say that in front of them. He went to his private officer at Confronts rumors somewhere in public press. They were cowards. Yesterday, because there was a group of people there, that he didn't appreciate what they were there for and what they said. And because they were against what he was doing, he called them racist. Well, don't you see how transparent everything that he's doing is? I mean, yeah, he's saying, well, the population has changed now. And we've got the votes to overrule this. And people's feelings are being heard, et cetera, and so on. And this is part of a movement on a part of the very most militant members of the Cuban community. I mean, the most militant members to say, hey, now is our opportunity. We'll strike while they're in his hot. We've got enough votes. The angles will stay home like they always do. And we'll go out there and we'll make this officially bilingual. It'll be like a declaration that we've taken over. It's official and everybody else can go where they want to go. Right. And if you notice, when he gave that statement yesterday, he was again in a private office. He will not face the people. And that's why I call him a dictator. Yeah. And another thing, he keeps bringing this up. He came to us in 1984. And he asked for some minor adjustments. And citizen the day, the nine, it went along with it. And he says, I promise I will never again touch that ordinance. He said it on my show. I know he said it on your show. The man is a born and the world's leader. Yeah. That's all he is. He's a disgrace. He should not be sitting on that commission. He is a member of the Cuban Builders Association. And if you watch that table every meeting, when the students come up for any zoning variance, whether it's the build or chicken house on the moon, he votes for it. Yeah. He's a disgrace. I agree. I think he ought to be recalled. I think that there ought to be people sitting the machinery in operation right now to recall him and get them off that commission. That's right. And we have been sitting back. We have not been making any waves. Everything was going along very well. And now he is bringing up this and he's stirring up the worms again. And I guarantee you the people are going to be feeding seats of that commission, maybe. Good. Thank you, Neil. Thank you. They're the faces that you saw this morning. You are going to see those faces throughout the entire process. And there's no work in about that. Those people that show up this morning here. I'm in my opinion, racist. I start to label. OK, let's go to Miami next to him. Oh, yes. Oh, I'm back from the outside of Columbia. He's five days ago. I was not born this country. I was born in South America. And I'm very, very, very appalled by this situation here. Miami. I used to live here in Miami many, many years ago. And I moved north and moved to the country. I came back for a few days. And I see that this is getting worse. I became an American citizen. Three months ago, because I understood that I owe something to these country. And I want to work with. But I don't understand what's going on in this city. You go to the airport. The people in security don't speak English. The Americans are coming here in fact, they don't understand. And anything else, security, people are taking care of. I mean, they are charting them on doing anything, but charting fun. You go to a bank because you look Latin, they don't do your Spanish. These people don't have the right to do that. They're not in Cuba or any country in South America. They should land the language. It's obvious that this is happening because Americans are letting this happen. You understand what I mean? All right. But the point is, we've been through this over and over and over again. The fact is that even as divisive as all of this is, the majority of the people here have still shown incredible patience and have been willing to sit back a little bit and say, OK, it's going to take some time. We're going to do our best. We're going to try to get along. We'll do whatever we have to do. And now here comes this lunatic along. Right in them, just before election time coincidentally and says, hey, let's put this on to ballot. We've got enough votes to get rid of it and let's make this a major cause so I mean, all these people come here. They don't want to learn the language when something happens. They are not allowed to do that because they are minority. I mean, they want all the respect. But they don't want to do anything for this country. Well, let's not start getting carried away with the wild generalizations. OK, every time we get into this conversation, we get people like this called her, who want to start, you know, Latin people blank. And then we fill in the blank and they all fit into the category. And none of them make any contribution. And none of them want to speak English, which is all garbage. And it's a lot of foolishness. And as I said before, rather than falling into the trap, the Mr. Valdez has said for us and letting and pitting one group against the other, which is, I'm sure what he just delighted and watching, just keep in mind, salad. The Spanish American League Against Discrimination is against this referendum. I don't know of any organization that is supporting Mr. Valdez. He's out there kind of like a whirling dervish all by himself, desperate for some major issue and now he's found it. But don't start blaming everybody else in the community because one man wants to open up all the wounds again. We have an open line in date, 624-9400 Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Hi. First time, Collar. Good. This subject you've been talking about really touched a wrong herb. I have a small business. And as far as I'm concerned, this is part of a larger issue. Small businesses have been really the foundation of everything that people have worked for. Small businesses have supported this country throughout its history. And this among things such as the new tax that the governor has passed are just suffocating small businesses like mine. And as you know, the bill was passed to I first. And today in the mail, I just got my copy of the new sales tax and newspaper. And if you've got the time, I thought you might like to hear some of the. Now we're not really talking about that today. Okay. So, you know, maybe you're up in arms about that, but that's not what we're talking about. Everybody in the state is up in arms about it except the governor. But, you know, we had a couple of senators on the show a few months ago and they said here and they lied to us, you know, nothing to worry about. It's not going to pass. And you know, and in the meantime, here we go and we're on death store once again. But there's nothing I can do about it at this point. So let's concentrate today on something that we can make an impact on for waterdale. Hello. Are you there? Yeah. Yeah. I'm a first time call assistant. She's been on the on the day hours. And I just want to say that it is wrong that English to be the only language like you said yesterday. As far as every community has its ethnic pockets and the people can speak their language within their own communities. However, whether you're in New York or Chicago or Detroit, or Debbie Amblets, the Wayne Eons, or Poles, Poles, people or Jewish people or Chinese people or Frisco. I think it's important that they realize and in the established communities, they speak the language that that's the native tongue within their communities. But I've always found that when they're doing business, they speak English. And I'm very proud of them to doing that. I feel that the same thing should go for the Latin community here in Florida. I agree with you 100%. Okay. I was going to ask you. Yeah. Okay. You can shut me down if you want. I've run a three day trip to Detroit. Okay. And I know you mentioned some places to eat up there. I don't want to take away from the show. But can your ramble rough to me a couple of good places that I could go eat for three days in Detroit? Or you can go eat for three days? I'm going to be one of the contests. The only one I'm just curious. I know you mentioned the Delhi Indicerate One since some restaurants. I've got a pad ready here and can you open it? Now the only one I can tell you is the London Chapp House. That's the only one that I know is still there. All the other restaurants that I used to love and Detroit are closed and long gone. If you want three days in Detroit, I hate to find out who the enemy was at the sick that on you. Okay. Twenty-two minutes past noon at WI and Zay. Let's take a real good long break now. 12.25 at WI and Zay. It's always amazing to me. Somebody will call in. Like the color a couple of calls ago. In the middle of a discussion that is so obviously in a single direction and we're just trying to change it for zone convenience. Which is enough to make you want to scream. You have an open line in Broward 524-9400. What does it say? That's all the Broward colors want to do. What changes subject? Oh, I'll screw them. Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes. See ya. I'm first time cool. I was very upset about this thing. I'm an American born citizen. We're just about taking enough nonsense from my erupts. Much less to take it from them too. This is ridiculous. I called up every one of the offices. Good. Commissioner. I told them exactly what I'm feeling. It's absolutely up to you. Did they listen to you? Yes. As a matter of fact, they told me not to call the other offices. When I called the first one, Steve Parks, they said that it would be a record. But I wanted to make sure the others got it too. I called them all. Oh, yeah. Don't pay any attention to that. We want to flood them with calls. I did exactly that. They nailed it because I feel that this is what has to be done. It's ridiculous what they're doing. It's nothing but lies. And I'm sick and tired of it. Yeah. And again, the timing is it's so ironic. I mean, here everybody at every level of the politicians, all of the bureaucrats, the beacon, council, a chamber of commerce, all of these self appointed experts, screaming and yelling about the New York Times and looking at the dirty thing they've done to us and they're giving us all this bad press. And if the almost in the same breath, they're saying, hey, you know, let's go ahead and put this on a battle so we can open up all the old sorors and the wounds to show to the rest of the country and make a laughing stock out of this area again. You're so right. Look, I'm going to the one off a lot now. Because as I told you, I own a condom in the air. I want to see this part of the beach progress and get along and do things right. We even accepted them into our condom in the air, which I'm not regretful for. But if they learn how to behave themselves and understand what our laws are and accept our laws as law is not what they want to do with us. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay, and thanks for making those calls. We have an open line in day 624-9400. And let's go to Miami again. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is this me? It sure is. Meal, I just wanted to give you my opinion. I am by Lingu. I live in Miami. My pants are from a Latin country, okay? And my husband just came to this country from Colombia. And I see no reason why he shouldn't have to learn this language like everybody else that comes from any country. Right. What I think, okay, he's doing everything he can to learn English and there's no reason why this should be a bilingual country when it's America, USA and everybody before him had the learning was, amen. Amen. Amen. And I appreciate that. I think God is just as being such a jerk. He just being a demagogue. That's all he's just looking to win favor again with that segment of the population that he figures. He always get their votes and always get their support. And I think he's going to be in a surprise this time because obviously if the salad people are against him, you know, even the most militant people in the community, a lot of having enough understanding that we've suffered enough and we can't take for him much more. It's a truth. And I'm going to tell you, I'm Latin. I was born in, I was born here, but I'm from Hispanic parents. And my parents have done anything to everything to learn the language in this country. And I don't see what people now should have the advantages of speaking Spanish here because if you go to another country, a Latin country, they're not going to speak English to you. They're going to speak Spanish. You bet. And if we have to learn to go live anywhere else, they should learn it to live here. Because it's not going to be that easy to come here and just, you know, just turn this into a Latin country here. They should maybe they should just cut off Miami and let it fall into the, into the, the ocean with Cuba. Maybe they should just stick together, you know, we can move to another state or something. Okay. Thanks for calling. All right. 12 30 at W.I. and see Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil, how are you? Congratulations on your numbers. I just wanted to think about something else, besides all of this, the economic impact of the whole thing. How do you compare this to the situation in Quebec for two years ago? Oh, it's the same kind of thing. It's tremendously divisive there and it hurt them irreparably. I don't know if they'll ever come back from it. And that's what's going to happen to us here. Also, you know, the average Canadian pays about nine a 10% more in this course of living just because of the bilingual provisions. Yeah. You know, there's people in Alberta and British Columbia that are forced to pay for, to subsidize French-speaking people in Montreal. Right. And I would just want to know, do you think they'll have to knock down here? Well, all I can tell you is that, you know, as a caller earlier pointed out, just the costs of doing business and doing the printing and all of the business of in bilingual again of doing everything in two languages are going to be staggering. We're talking about millions of dollars and expenditures and it comes at a time when the county manager told us just a couple of days ago that we have to make all these deep cuts and social programs and other important areas of the budget because we can't raise the money to pay for them. My point is that that affects Latin as well as Anglo-Sandorian. You bet. You bet. Thank you very much. Thank you. A very excellent point. Pop and oh, hello. How you doing Neil? Good. First time caller, I'm probably one of your younger colors, too. I'm 23. Right. Just one of the literature management team know about that. So, you know, you got the younger people listening to you. I'm originally from Turkey, so I've been down here for about a year now and the Spanish speaking is, it's sometimes hinders a lot and I don't think that, you know, the big should even think about even going into a violent, violent rule. I mean, they have enough Spanish speaking people around, you know, to get the point across, I didn't even know that English was a language in there. I thought they were bilingual. I didn't know that they had, you know, made it English only until you're saying on a news report I heard that it is now English. And so it's kind of weird to understand that. Well, well, first of all, wait a minute. Let me try to explain something to you, okay? Okay. In 1972, as I mentioned earlier, the Metro Commission just arbitrarily passed the resolution and they declared date County officially bilingual. In 1980, people went, you know, we had a petition drive, we got enough physician signatures to get the issue on the ballot and the majority of the people went to the polls and they overruled that. In other words, they rescinded the bilingual resolution. That's really what the anti-bilingual ordinance is all about, okay? So basically, all that said is that date County is like any other county in America. It is not bilingual. We don't do business in a foreign language. We don't spend money to do county business in a foreign language. Period. It's no different from any other county in the country. And that's the way it should be. And why it can't be left that way after seven years and why this cretin in the Metro Commission feels he's got to bring it up again after he's lied to us and promised that he wouldn't is absolutely reprehensible. Because there's no problem. There's a language problem out there because there are a lot of rude arrogant people who want to use the language as a weapon. But in terms of the legal ease of it, at the present time, there is no problem. The only problem is going to be if we rehash all of this and bring it back to the public all over again and bring back all the old arguments and all the old debates and all the old hatreds. And just it's going to be a nightmare. I mean, how is he put into position? He voted into position. No, he was appointed into position. He was reelected once. I will grant you that. He did get reelected primarily because he had pathetic opposition and he barely wanted that. But he was appointed by the governor to fill a vacancy that existed on the commission a few years ago. And how long does he stay in position for so you're a time limit to it or two years? I think I'm not really sure. I think he's up for reelection this year, which is why I think he's doing this. I can see I wouldn't see what's doing it because it seems like it's going to hurt him for anything but trying to help him get back into position. Yeah, but you got to understand he assumes automatically that he's going to lose a good part of the Anglo vote. He's not concerned about that. He's concerned, you know, about pandering to the Hispanic votes. Hey, look at me, man. I'm the champion. I'm Mr. Hispanic. Mr. Spanish. That's why he wanted to put it to the people and said the committee making a decision. Oh, no. He didn't want to put it to the people, but he wanted the Metro Commission a few weeks ago to repeal the anti-voling will ordinance. He didn't want to put it on the ballot. That was that was the cop out by the commission. And he said, oh, we're not going to touch this with the 10 foot poll. It's a hot potato. So we'll just put it on the ballot. Let the people decide again. It just passed the buck. Yeah. Well, it's nice talking to you, Neil, and congratulations on your numbers. And I think you get a hell of a show. Thanks a lot. Take it easy. 26 before one at WINZ and open line in Broward, 524, 9400, Margate. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Congratulations on your rating. Thank you. You earned it. I think Mr. Vow bears are setting the stage for something else. I listened to Mr. Fananday, who is the head of the school board. When he was talking to Rodney Ward on Channel 2, he is going to propose that all students in-day counties learn a second language from the first grade up to the top. They can't graduate without a second language. Here's the kicker. It is going to be mandatory that that language be Spanish. Unacceptable. Unacceptable. But you cannot elect to take French, German, Italian. You are going to be mandated. Yeah. But you speak Spanish. Unacceptable. Well, this is the proposal. And Rodney Ward said to him, well, don't you know how explosive this is. Mr. Fananday, he said, yeah. He said, well, do you think you're going to get this passed? He says no, but we'll keep that on a Sunday night at the door. And we will eventually get it passed. Yeah. See, this is another example of how the language is being used as a weapon. And here we have a group of people for the first time in a history of this country. We have a group of immigrants who have been allowed to come in and they are telling us, you will do it our way. Shut up or else. I'll tell it. And you're taking over. Yeah. Bloodless coup. If you all got you right. But I thought that was an important part of this discussion. And I think the school board should be brought to fast. To not even, I don't mind a second language. I wish I spoke to them. You know, I have three leaders in Switzerland who are native to Switzerland, who learn five languages. But they do learning. They learn their own languages or their own, their own languages or their own, their own, their own French Italian. Only because they're surrounded by the French Alps or Italian Alps, whatever. No. But I think the school board should be taken to task. OK. I appreciate that. 24 before 1 at WI and Z will go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Are you doing? OK. I'm a 19 year old. I ran into student in Miami. Right? I came here in 1979. I didn't speak a word of English. Incredible. I was forced to learn. OK. I had no one else to communicate with and they didn't understand my language. OK. Now, what I'm trying to say is that these Spanish speaking people in Miami have so many opportunities. I mean, you go anywhere they have an English form and they have a Spanish form. True? Yeah. I mean, if you just take that away from, I mean, that way they're forced to learn English. OK. I mean, my parents, my sister. I mean, all the family that I have here, they're forced to learn English. Now, in LA, there's a section of the town in LA that is owned by a lot of Iron youth that has their own stores, but as math I don't have their own funbook and everything. But if you walk into the stores, even if you are Iranian, they will not speak to you. And I will speak to you in English. Mm-hmm. That's where it all is. That's where it all is. That's learned to communicate in English. Yeah. It's so obvious, you know, it's such a tiring argument because it's so obvious and there are no real legitimate debatable points on it. And we've been here for over 200 years now in this country. Right. And there's nothing to debate about. It's just the case of trying to get a group of people to be a civil and to be socially agreeable and to compromise. And we just have a large segment of that community that is not willing to do it. They're going to continue insisting and continuing to try to outnumber people and to outmustle them and to drive them out. And this is not acceptable. It's outrageous. That's just it. See, this country has been called the melting pot. Okay. And it's just a bunch of people from all over the world have emigrated here over the years. Okay. And if the Polish people came in, they wanted to speak Polish. If the Swiss people came in, they wanted to speak their language. And if everybody wanted to do a nail balance, I'm going to speak my language. I can't mean there would be, I mean, math history. You couldn't communicate with anyone. Right. Okay. I mean, if you're in the United States, if they're languages, English, damn it speaking I mean, one in wrong, two in wrong and two. Okay. Pretty simple. Thanks a lot. 21 before one at WI and Z, we have an open line in date. 624, 9400. Say those quattro, whatever the rest is. And let's take our next break here. We'll come back right after this. What are you waiting for? Yes, you. Now is the time to buy the car you want at the Braimen Auto Group during our special four-day move-emout event. There's no reason to wait. The inventory can't get any bigger. And Mr. Braimen says move-emout now to make room for the 88's whether we make money or not. Now through Sunday, you'll find a brand new 87 Cadillac Civil from only 1990 or a new 87-stirling S automatic with air conditioning from only 18-t or 90 or even an 87 Honda Civic GL4DOR from only 7,995. Braimen is the number one volume BMW dealer in the Southern United States because of deals like this. And 87 BMW 325 2-door 5-speed from just 19,590. And if you're waiting for a lower interest rate, stop waiting. We've got low interest rates now with finance plans that make sense. For the car you want at the price you want, come to the Braimen Auto Group today. Braimen Cadillac Sterling BMW at 20th and Biscayne Boulevard, Braimen Honda Sterling at 7,400 Bird Road. Thank you. How are you? Thanks, Mickey. Montecrasier. Tuzentok. Which is glasses? Firen tank. Salamat bau. The words thank you, sound wonderful in any language. Particularly, when spoken by a young person who has become very close to you, though he or she comes from another part of the world. This summer, 4,000 young people from Europe, Asia and Latin America will come to this country as foreign exchange students with educational foundation for foreign study. Each student is eager to spend a high school year learning new things, making new friends and getting to know America. Please open your heart and share your home. Host a student by calling 844 share. These students need host families in your area right now. All students have their own insurance and spending money. Host a student. Please call educational foundation toll free at 844-SHRE. That's 844 share. Nasi Boku. For more information on hosting an exchange student call 1-844 share or this station. Hey, South Miami, here's your chance. You've been hearing me rave about some of the great delies in North-Aden, Broward. Well now there's lots of locks, Delhi at the corner of U.S. 1 and 152nd Street in the Coral Reef Shopping Center. At lots of locks, you'll find a pulperi of delicious, Delhi delights like their Philadelphia styled sandwiches, including the skyscraper club, stuff with Turkey, bacon, ham, cheese, tomato and lettuce. In the fish platter department, choose from Nova Locks, Chub, Kipperd Salmon, Sabel White Fisher, a surgeon all hand selected by the owner. And for breakfast, try any style of lots of locks' omelets always cooked with three eggs and stuff to the max. You'll find lots of locks at the corner of 150 seconds street and U.S. 1 in South Miami. And for your convenience, they're open every day, 7 days a week from 730 in the morning until 4pm. You tell Henry that Neil Rogers sent your buy for great Delhi anytime to lots of locks. Before you catch Neil and Stan during today, find out what's happening in your world. This is Frank Motak in the Wings Newsroom, join us to mom morning for your free delivery of the morning news on WI and Z. Thank you for your sweet and your sweet. Are you okay? It's 18-4-1 at WI and Z will go to North Miami Beach, Chelo. Hi. Hi. Neil, be suppose by any odd chance or long shot that the alberso is that his name? Yep. Is a communist? Is a communist? Why not? Comonista? That's right. They started out divides in conquer, right? No, I think he's a fascist, not a communist. Why not? He's trying to divide the city. Yeah, let me say it again. North Miami Beach, Chelo. Hello. Hi. Hi. I was going to make a little comment to you about last night. I was watching this program on the news about this whole issue and about there's or whatever his name is was saying how we were being so hypocritical. Us Americans and all the other foreign people who are from other countries because we shouldn't all, it seems to be mostly the Cuban people who want this to go through so badly and it's just not right. So, I decided not to wait for bed. I had the funniest dream about the whole state of Florida just breaking off from the coast of the United States and it was circling around, not around Cuba but just making one big circle and there was the mayor or the governor rather up there at the front reading Castro, which is a little American flag like saying, well, we finally did it here we are. Yeah. I went up the morning just to put the oddest feeling about it and I said, if this goes through, this will be, I will go to Alaska and I hate snow. I just can't believe that this is happening again and that they should push their way through so far. Come on, they get everything they're waiting for. All the commissioners had to do was say no, that's all. All they had to do was say no, forget it. We're not going to bring it up again. We're not going to put it on the ballot. We're not going to discuss it anymore. It's ancient history. It's been voted on. There are no problems going on. Why didn't they do that? Why didn't they just have the guts to say, Jorge, goodbye, audio. So, even there, let's go on to some important business instead of, you know, putting this thing on the ballot and having a second hearing, public hearing in September, why didn't they just say no yesterday? It's been very simple and get it over with. When we've got enough other problems, we don't need that. You bet. How'd it be? Thank you. My amy, hello. My amy. Hello. Buenos Tardis. How you doing? Okay. I'm a long time listener and a first time call or not, really enjoy your program. Thank you. I've lived in South Florida all my life and day counting most of the time and the last 10 years in Broward. And I've been here seeing what's happened. I saw the Cubans come over from Castro's island and the early 60s with their tail between their legs. We take them in with open arms to feed them, close them, give them my small business homes. And then they just, well, it's little of a surely try to overwhelm us. And the only thing I have to say about through the voters in this county is get off your stuff. Go out and vote this thing down because it's just the crest. Oh, we can't let it get on a battle. We can't, we can't, we have to nip it in the bud before it gets on the ball. Because by next March, this town will be turned into a parking lot if we let that go on. But I will say this and that is that this fall, when we have the elections, whatever of the Metro commissioners are up for elections is fall again, every one of them has to be voted out of office. Every one of the incumbents has to be voted out. Exactly because they're just passing the vote, throw it to the voter. Don't force your opinion down there because you're level not to get voted in next time by the Hispanic community here because most of the anglers in this county don't get out in vote and they do. Next to the problem. Yeah. I sure appreciate the calling. Okay, good hearing from you. Thank you. 14 till 1 at WI and Z. Let's go to BOKA. Hello. WI starts kneeling in the first time caller long time listener. Good. You touched on it briefly yesterday. I just want to say it again that the problem here in this state is not Hispanic problem, but it seems to be a Cuban problem. And that is, if you look at the power structure all six state representatives are Cuban, I don't think there's an elected official in Miami that's not Cuban. Right. And curiously, you ask, well, why is here more hatred being spewed from Miami than you are coming from Savannah? And I think of parts of the Cuban Ivn, Cuba, anti-American propaganda. But part of the rationale for Cuban people here to do what we're selling. And you know, I do what they're doing is this. Now here it sort of forms a mosaic when you listen to a number of different people. The Americans, the only real Americans are Indians to the Americans to this country away from the Indians. And now we have the right to take away from you. We are now in the majority of these in certain areas. You read, Fresno is an article in the Miami News, November 8th, 1986. And one of my name is Terry Zubazia, that says I am not in city of the tax on Cuban, Cuban. And she is a chairman of the group known as Facebook about Cuban exiles. And she differentiates us as we are our political exiles. People with misontestants, we are not immigrants. We're here in search of freedom. You know, I was thinking about that last night. With all this crap about exiles and the exile community, this is 1987. It's 28 years after Castro took power. These people have been here a lot of them for almost 30 years now. How long is this exile community crap going to go on? You know, how long is it before you can be a visitor before you finally say, okay, I'm moving in and I'm staying. And I'm unpacking my bags. Well, the thing is, I'm going to be a part of the community instead of just pretend that I'm sitting here in limbo waiting to go back. That just doesn't fly anymore. It's not acceptable. Well, it's acceptable that people have rejected the melting-five concept and form in their own search of the salad bowl. Like the proponents of Salad. And you can see it, it's called another article in the Sun Sentinel of June the 1986 article by Buddy Nivens. An individual who is going to boycott the Metro mover, he said he's in a front to all the county Hispanics that the announcements are on the Metro mover. Announcements in signs are in English and not in Spanish. You know, the list, if we would have embarked on a similar people with a similar frame of money when this country was formed, you wouldn't have any country. The only other thing I want to say, I think that the solution might be that we have to take another look at the Cuban Immigration Act. And we have just, we have no control over immigration from Cuba, a Fidel Castro does. Well, I got news for as long as you've got a right wing administration in power like we do now in Washington. They'd be delighted to have Castro reopen the agreement that they made a couple of years ago with Reagan. They'd be delighted to re-institute that so that we can get a lot more good right wing vote. We can put a mall in the orange ball and we can naturalize them and make them citizens by waving a magic wand and bringing the vice president down and get a lot more good right wing votestone here to vote for Republican candidates. See, it's really unfortunate when immigration policy becomes politicized because then it becomes even crazier than it was before. And that's what's happened. Well, while we're quick thinking, Neil, and that is that I never heard you mentioned it, but in 1986 to be exact on April 22nd, 1986, a law was passed in highly resolution, in a form of a resolution. The mayor to his credit with Ella's signature. But it's about a page and a half document and the, the, the, the, the resolution is to define a newspaper of general circulation to be utilized for legal diversity and is by the city of highly it. So the very last sentence says this, notice the survey interest of the community, legal ads in the city of highly, shall be published in highly, simultaneously in both the English language and in the language most commonly spoken highly if other than English. I don't even, at his resolution, 86, 85 with the date I mentioned, mm-hmm. People, so you don't have a major city in this state where it is unwapled for the city to post a legal investment only in English. Yeah. That's how far we, we've got. Well, I, I'd love to know a lot of the people who advertise on billboards in highly, highly are going to start advertising in English because that's one of the most of not just things to drive on the Palmetto through that area, 130th street and through those exits that are highly exits and see billboard after billboard in Espanol only, knowingly, they're not interested in those of us who don't speak Spanish. And again, it's like a slap in the face, you know, bring us in, allow us to take advantage of all the good things, but don't expect us to accommodate or do assimilate or to do anything that we're supposed to do or that anybody who preceded us could do because we, we kind of have this Burger King mentality. We're going to do it our way. And if you don't like it, you can move out. It's eight minutes before one at WI. Well, as far as I'm concerned, he only represents himself. Well, that's true. But I mean, a lot of your lisions called answers all because of the Cuban Dudes and a Cuban Dudes and that's wrong. I mean, that's that wrong. Yeah, but don't you understand that this is just the beginning. In other words, if this thing gets on the ballot, we're going to have all of these generalizations and all of these hatreds and all of the ethnic division. I mean, magnified by a thousand times whatever it is now. And for what? I mean, what do we need this for? Yeah. I mean, but you do have a lot of American commissioners there that allow this jackass to do what it's do. Absolutely. And that's what I've said. That's why I'm giving all of their numbers. I'm not just giving his phone number out today. I'm giving the numbers of all nine commissioners. The mayor and the other eight commissioners because how in the world could they have gone along with this? It's true. It should have put it stop the us to that. Absolutely. Okay. I'm now about the people coming in here now wanting to learn to language. That's a lot of horse crap. I mean, you can walk at the many English classes in the account and their packed. I mean, I do understand that the older generation don't care to learn to language because they don't find any meaning. Well, I every time we get into this, I try to point out that what I believe is the most divisive thing in this community. It is not people don't want to learn it, but they don't want to use it. That's what the problem is. There are a lot of people out there that know it perfectly, but don't want to use it in public. That's what creates the tremendous divisions. You're right. That official language is English and they help with everything else. Exactly. It's very simple. There's nothing complicated about it all. You know, if you go to Mexico to language, there is Spanish. If you go to France, language, there is French. Nothing complicated. It's no big deal. Yeah. That's right. On the way to it. Okay. It only becomes complicated when people like George Valdez want to make it complicated. And all we have all these racist and it's the same old faces. You know, with 60%, it wasn't some little tiny segment of the community that came out, but 60% of those who went to vote in 1980. And that was a presidential election year, by the way, that was Carter and Reagan in November of 1980. So there was a big turnout of voters. And about 60% of them said, hey, we want to repeal that resolution. We don't want this to be the only bilingual county in the whole country. And here's George Valdez in his infinite brilliance and wisdoms. Oh, it's just his racist racist, hurting our feelings. Well, I'm not hurting your feelings. Well, I tell you that you're an asshole, George, because that's what you are. You're a jerk in idiot. And you don't belong sitting on any kind of governmental body. You don't even belong his dog catcher. You can barely even express yourself in English language on any occasion. And you're a Metro Commissioner. How can this be possible? Another part of the great legacy left to us by our former governor. And of course, the only reason most of us forget about him is because we sent him off to the Senate and in the meantime, the new governor is even a greater disaster than the one we had before. Which is amazing how those of us in Florida continue to seem to be able to do that. You know, we had Ruben Ascu. We thought he was bad. Then we had Bob Graham, who was an unmitigated disaster. And now we've got Bob Martinez, who is the worst thing in the history of mankind. Who makes Hitler look like a great humanitarian. But what are we getting excited about, right? Mike Wolf is here with a headline. CBS has got the news at one, the sunny shining somewhere. Life is wonderful and we'll come back at 106. 107 and Wines here last hour. And when's day? Stan Major be along from two to six and Stan is going to be trolling an espioniel for four hours this afternoon. Okay, first order of business before we go back to your calls. Let's give these phone numbers out again. And just because Harvey Ruben called earlier and said, hey, listen, you know, we've had a tremendous response and congratulations and all of that. But enough is enough. We aren't giving Harvey's number out anymore, because we have him on record. He said at least three times during that phone conversation that he is against the commission putting the issue of bilingualism back on a ballot again in Dave County. We have him on record. But the other eight, here are the names in the numbers. Major Steve Clark 375 5305. Barry D. As in douchebag Shriver 375 51060. George Valdez, who is the real perpetrator of all of this insanity again 375 5115. Barbara Kary 375 5205. Sherman Win 375 5128. Jim Redford 375 5121. Beverly Phillips 375 5117. And Clara Osterley 375 5123. Those are the numbers for the other eight. And what we want you to do, and we've had a tremendous response all day, is have people call their offices and let them know and know uncertain terms, no, we do not need another referendum on bilingualism and Dave County. We don't need any more divisiveness, we don't need any more hysteria, we don't need to further embarrass the already negative image of this community before the rest of the world. Very simple. Miami, hello. Hi. Neil? Yes. This was first time I've ever called you. My parents and I have listened to you for quite a few years. Good. But I did call Clark and I called Barry Shriver and I called Valdez. And I had quite a time getting to Valdez. The other four numbers you could get right in. I'm a little nervous. Okay. You're so smart. But I do agree. And I listen to we listen to you all day yesterday about, and I know how aggravated you were about what was happening to this here part of Miami. And I know because I know what my parents are going through. And I see it because I'm down here and they've ruined Miami. Well, they don't care how they throw. I go out and I pick up everything trash and everything. But that can happen anywhere because I know I come from the Midwest. And I'm sorry. I just don't know what to say. But I just think you are fantastic. You and but stand nature because I remember his last, his last episode that he had on TV. I mean, on the radio was he told this girl lay down. I want to talk to you. Yeah. But yeah. Well, I think that's is at all. Okay. We appreciate hearing from you and have a great life. Kendall. Hello. Hi. Who just thinks that when these people were brought in here, there was too much fuss made about it. They were pale the sea road. And can you name me any other ethnic group who came to this country? That has had a free president come and shake hands all the way around. He's in their restaurants and promised him good notice. Oh, sure. That politicians who then, in fact, when Nelson Rockefeller was governor in New York, he went into every ethnic into delis, Chinese restaurants. I mean, people who couldn't even vote, you know, he became one of theirs for at least a couple of hours. So, but it's not just a question of whether presidents came and talked. And that's not the point. The point is that the politicians here have encouraged and have expanded and have expanded and have created the nightmare that we have now. They've made it. They've created it. They created the climate for it and they keep expanding upon it. And you know, it just a question of whether the people, the rest of the people are ever going to have the backbone to say, okay, this is where we draw the line or whether they're just going to keep retreating and moving farther and farther away. Well, and it's not only in these big issues, it's small in cities. Things have happened. It happens to one person where you are matched out of an apartment. A lot of a job. Yes. I'm left in an apartment simply because it has been sold and the people had left. There were only three of us left anymore. It was really made so miserable. In fact, I had a hole in my bathroom, sealing the biggest official basket where they had fixed the leak. And three months, I couldn't get anybody to do anything. But it covers our whole. And finally, I just moved out, which is what they wanted. It didn't say get out. That's what they didn't do anything either. And now, that was a beautiful apartment. And now there's not a blade of grass. The flowers have been destroyed. They're parking cars any which way. It's disgraceful. Okay, well, I don't know what to say. We can hear everybody's anecdotal story. And that's not the purpose of the program today. And it will put everybody into a coma and to stand your dismay. But the bottom line is, purpose of the show is to try to motivate people to say, listen, we don't need this. The community can't afford it. And we're not going to sit still and let it happen. And all of you, morons on the beacon council and the Chamber of Commerce and all you are the self-appointed geniuses who have all the answers for what's right for this community, how they can use it back and permit this to even be discussed. So that we once again, for the eight millionth time in the last ten years, can become the laughing stock of the entire world and they can point to finger at us and say, what a bunch of dummies. They had a tropical paradise and they've turned it into a nightmare into a jungle. And then we can say, oh, look at that. They're picking out us again. Hi, Leah. Hello. Hi, how are you? Good. I have a few things that I want to talk about. I think that bilingualism is more or less a code word for the Spanish assault on the English language. It sounds a lot better to say bilingualism than it says to make Spanish equal with English. And you just wait till what happens in date, county, when more than half the population is Hispanic, whether they're Cuban or South American. Then it'll be English, you know, doesn't it? Number two language and they'll make moves to make a Spanish to the language of the county. No, I don't think so because I don't think that this hysteria about the Spanish language also exists among Colombians and Venezuelans and the Corrongans and Salvadorians. I think that primarily in a color made reference to this earlier primarily, this is a thing that has been promoted by and peddled within the Cuban community in date county. I don't think that the rest of the Hispanics have that same hysteria about this subject. Do you think that the other Spanish people from South America have more of that immigrant will to learn the language? I think so. I'm glad. And as a matter of fact, if you would, if you go on talk to some people in the Hispanic community, you would find that the greatest rift that exists in this town is not between so-called Hispanics and Anglos, but between non-cuban Hispanics and Cubans who are at tremendous odds with each other and there are great many people in this community who are Latin's, from some of the countries I mentioned, who are tremendously upset because they get stereotyped along with that right wing militant language-toting Cuban mentality that we're talking about and they take great exception to it because they suffer for it. Right. Well, all I can say is that I think that the Excel has a much chance to go on back to Havana is the shot sun has to go on back to terror on. Correct. Okay. Have a good day. Thank you. Hollywood. Hello. Hi. I want to ask you, who's saying that song is mine when you let off? Who's saying what song? The asshole song? Who sang it? Who's the group? Why didn't you borrow his name anymore? I'll have to ask a Twitter what the name is. I don't even remember his name anymore. I hope you play it more often because it doesn't very well. Yes, it does. And I went to also say it's a wonder that the call is even get through now because your lines are so busy. The wires must be burning and melting, which is a good sign. Well, I hope the lines are burning and melting over there at the Metro Commission offices. That's what I want to see. I want to see the people in this town finally get off their asses and finally decide, hey, you know, we've had enough. And now we're angry and we're going to say something and we're going to do something. It's long overdue that people in this town at least got angry. That's right. And you're good when to lead them and to motivate them because you're real strong in that area. I was in Mexico for years ago and I was there three weeks and already I could talk to any way to our wages and tell them where I want to go. I'm sure if anybody wanted to learn English. They could learn it just as fast. Yeah. And luckily, we are getting to their children in education and teaching English. And they are more. But again, it's not a question of whether those young people know the language. It's a question of how many of them are going to be polite enough and decent enough to use it when they're in public. And I'm telling you that there are a great many of those young people who use their language as a weapon and as a divisive means of separating them from other people when they're in public. And it's rude and it's crude and it's arrogant and it's unacceptable. All right. I want to say, I think you're a lot more powerful than that is. And I'm sure your influence will help people know they will be keeping calling those commissioners and even that when we go to the November if we bring this up again. Yeah. Sure it will help them know they're in my life. Okay. We'll try. Thank you very much. Thank you. I don't know if you can call any of the commissioners you must leave your name or they won't record your call. They won't count it. And if there's anybody out there too much of a coward to give your name, then forget it. I mean, if you're just too much of a coward, you'll let them know who it is that's calling. Then just forget about it and leave the lines open on them. Sure plenty of other people will take the time to call. Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes. Yes. You know, many lose a go. When our parents and grandparents take them far, cut these. They were out of cement to both. They had to know English. And that was until they had a commission in New York by name a Mark Antonio. He decided that since he was getting votes from East column, which is mostly Hispanic and Puerto Ricans, that he would work a deal with the airlines to get many, many Puerto Ricans to come to live in New York, especially in East area. But the 64-dose and entire family was moved from Puerto Ricans up to New York. You could check this in your final, it's back. Anyway, I'm referring to people that came from France, Germany, Russia, Poland, whatever it was. Wherever they came from, they had to know English before they could vote. Mark Antonio perhaps didn't realize what he was doing when he started this business of having the Spanish boards to both for voting, because now the booth is down here. Actually, the reason Mark Antonio was able to get that because he claimed that Puerto Rico was a territory of the United States, which automatically made Puerto Ricans American citizens. That's correct. That's why he was able to have the booth and Spanish for the Puerto Ricans people. Now, I too have lived in New York, and I don't see where the Puerto Ricans people are there, try to force us to make Spanish up there, like they're two but down here trying to make... Well, not only don't they try to do it, but if they did, they would be laughed out of the Bronx. I mean, it would just be hopeless, because the people in New York would not tolerate it, and the politicians there would not pan their two of it. They just wouldn't accept it. Right. Now, the Cuban people down here, they look upon Mr. Reagan as God. I remember our Israeli New York, the time when Reagan was running for the first time. He was speaking to the people in Puerto Patti in the Bronx. And he told them, if you're both in me, I could do something for you in this area. So they're going to report him. I will not dare recently to place the still executive famous it was almost seven years ago, when he was running for president the first time. He did the redam thing for them. He will not do anything for the people down here either. Now, I would like to change the subject for your moment to speak about Mr. Perrara. If you or I, what's stolen goods, we'd be putting prisons. But because the people down here, they think he's a God, he gets away with it. Why should he get away with it? I also would like to say, last year, the people in Sunny Arts, there are a lot of senior students who knew the persons to get them up to Haran there because many of them see their doctors up there. All of a sudden one day there's a headline in the Miami Herald, senior citizens to get back to our bus. It wasn't a senior citizens from Haran there, but I was a senior citizens in a little Havana. The 60 people, they are 19,000 in Sunny Arts, but he was there to get the bus and stack the issuers on a Saturday. Monday, they got that bus as back. We had to wait almost six months before we were able to get back to Dubas to take us up to Haran there. We had to do that by way of having a dear with some of the commissioners, even though we would get us back to bus, or we would not vote for them. And one of them is on a list that you're talking about. I'm talking about Barry Schweiber. Oh, yeah. What are my favorites? Right. Yeah, are we on Moron? So now I'm going to call his office. What is the answer number? Barry Schweiber? Yes. 375. 5166. 625. And we got to this by language. If it wasn't for English, that doesn't think that that's what we were here right now. Yeah, well, listen, if he ever learns to speak it, that will all be in trouble 23 after one. And WI and Z, we have an open line in date 624. Ninety-fifth. Okay, Dracula strikes again. It's 126 at WI and Z will go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. You're speaking yesterday about some parts of this town. People being brain dead. Everything. Well, we need somebody like you. You know, people just not care. We need somebody like you to, you know, put the ball rolling. I guess, get people involved. Well, I've been trying for 11 and a half years with Barry. And Barry little success. Very little success. Hey, yesterday about, you know, people being aware of the drugs and etc. Who isn't who is. I guess the people that are aware of it, known to people who are selling everything. Reason the most that they're doing up for the body is because they're probably using them. Anyway, just one of the say that we need someone like you to get us going. Because I've been living here since that was five and eighteen, fifty nine. And I'll see you come and go and I see you going. Yeah, it's going fast. Well, I just wanted to say thank you. Okay, thank you for calling and thanks for your interest and it's going fast. And this is this could be your last gas folks. This could be, you know, those ridiculous bumper stickers. And I find them really stupid. Well, the last American leaving Miami, please bring the flag. You know, in fact, the New York Times article makes reference to those. This is just about the end of the road. Your last chance is, I said early in the show. It's like they kind of drew the line in the dirt, you know. And like step over the line and that's the end. And either you're going to make some real noise now and scream in your like crazy and say, Hey, we're still a part of the United States and not everybody's going to go fleeing. And we're not interested in, you know, what percentage of the county is this and what percentage is that. We're still a part of the United States period. Either you're going to say that or you're just going to give up. You're just going to throw in the towel and run away and let George Valdez in a bunch of Creatins, you know, decide the future of two and a half million people. Or at least what is a little over two million people probably and, you know, 10 years of being one and a half million. Everybody will be jammed in the Broward and Palm Beach County. We'll be able to move and Broward and Palm Beach. Miami Beach, hello. Yes. Yes, Neil. Yeah. I'm very glad to talk to you today because I came from Europe and I feel I can talk on the half of many ethnic groups because I at the as a matter of fact, I'm surprised that we have to talk about this at all. I know it's depressing. Oh, I tell you. Real depressing. When I apply for citizenship, I have to tell the test in English. Or the other ethnic groups that have to make test in English. And what about the Hispanics? On the have to pass test in English? No. No. No. They take their driver's license test in Spanish. They stand in the orange ball without knowing one word of English and they raise their hand. The vice president swears them in and says, Poof, you're a citizen and all of a sudden they become American citizen. They should not be citizens unless they pass a test in English. Yeah. What's another thing? The real litmus test now though is if you're a good obedient right wing Republican, then you can be a citizen like immediately. And I do do the dinner. What's the map of the finger? Well, unfortunately with this administration it does. Now another thing they talk about interpreters. What about other minorities? If they need an interpreter, they get their own interpreter. It's no problem. For Spanish they have more than enough interpreters who can speak English. Yeah. It's no problem. But this is what they call the equal crisis. And I say that was racist on his path. I was very much in sense when he called the others. What are the other's? What are the violent values? The call them racist. Yesterday. Okay. So my opinion is there should be no press. They should pass test in English for citizenship. And we should... Spanish should be in the same line as all other languages, not with a preferential treatment. Okay. Howm with you? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. My amy. Hello. Yes. I'm an English teacher. Right. I might be able to give you a little different perspective on this problem. I teach remedial students in English. And most of those students are Hispanic. And they come from Hispanic families where their parents don't speak English. They're very little English. They get the Miami-held in Spanish. Great. They've gone through the whole rigmarole. Right now we have Spanish GED. We have Spanish high school diplomas. We have bilingual everything. And now the school board is moving towards making Spanish mandatory. Yeah, that's what somebody earlier said. And if that happens, good luck to us all. Right. Well, I'd just like to say there's two things. And the Hispanic community ought to be interested in the FAFSA. The Hispanic community is also a big loser. If we continue to make bilingualism, if we continue to make Spanish on an equal level with English. Because they're limiting themselves to South Florida. And statistics also show that people who know just one language, especially Spanish, are not as employable. They don't do as well economically. And of course they're limiting themselves geographically. Also, we have to talk about the blacks, the minorities in this community, who don't know Spanish, and who aren't going to learn it. No. And I don't think they should suddenly have to learn it. Exactly. And I think it's very arrogant to say, well, we're in the majority now. Or we've done a lot of good things here financially, so you should learn Spanish. And also there's statistics that show that the Hispanic businesses in South Florida are very good at affirmative action. They don't tend to hire both. Well, what an understatement that is. Yeah. Blacks, of course, just like a lot of English don't know Spanish. And so they're less likely to be hired. And that's a problem. A lot of times I think the English only people are characterized as rednecks or part of the KKK. Yeah, racist. You know, I'm for the anti-bioling movement because I teach Hispanics. And also I see the discrimination against people who don't speak Spanish, and who don't feel that they should have to learn it. OK. Thanks a lot. OK. On my screen it says the next caller is George Valdez. Can this be for real? Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. OK. I'm well. Tonight, do you have some you? I was informed that you were having an up show this morning. And that you were having a good writing. And I wanted you to read the letter that you're for. Let me take this opportunity. Well, you're familiar with my show, George, because you were on my show a couple of times some years back on another radio station. And I had very high ratings then. And a lot of people heard you when you were on my station one night. Make the pledge. I got you on record. No, no, wait a minute. George, if you let me finish my sentence, George, I'd like to just remind you that you promised me and my audience about four years ago that you would not do anymore. That was after those minor alterations were agreed upon and the anti-biling will ordinance. You pledged that you would never attempt to repeal the ordinance that you wouldn't mess with it. You wouldn't bring it up again. That it would be divisive. It would be kind of productive. The people had spoken. And I would like to know. I'd like to think the public would like to know. Just what is it that's happened suddenly now. That causes you to bring this up again so we can open all the old wounds again. I. And why have you decided to go back on your word to the public? Well, I'm sorry. You're not going to tell you that you are absolutely correct. That those were my statements at that time. Yeah. The reason that I have brought this back is because since 1990 already have passed. Eight years, I've seen that the community. I think seven, George. Yeah. We're going today. Seven years right. I've seen that the community have felt. The reason for this referendum as you know as well, I do. Was it because the memorial, where we. We said, we that through memorial. I came and presented. People that were insane. People that were taking out of Q&A. And by the Castro. And because of that. And in brief, the amount of time in our community. Most of those people are right now in jail. Or here in the process of the court. I think that the remaining of the anti-Balema. Orgland. We said that that we are an anti-Balema county. But not only the feeling of a large settlement of this community. But also the image of the county. Oh my god. How in Heaven's name can you be sitting on that other end of this telephone. Telling me that the anti-Balema ordinance has heard the image of Dave County. It's the kind of divisive politics that you specialize in. That hurts the image of Dave County. It's the crime. It's the reality. It's the drugs. It's the violence. It's all of these real things that are going on out there that you and your fellow commissioners ought to be addressing. These are the things that have heard the image of Dave County. Not the anti-Balema ordinance. And I'll let you finish your church. But I want to point out one other thing to you. There are far more Hispanics living in Los Angeles County, California and a New York city and an El Paso Texas, then will ever live in Dave County, Florida. And none of those places and no other city and no other county and no other municipality. Anywhere in the United States of America is officially bilingual. None. Not a zero. And the feelings of those people are heard because the folks in those communities haven't said we are officially bilingual. They still managed to function without having their feathers wounded every day. Neil, will you let me finish this? I'm listening. Oh, good. Thank you very much. What I was saying about the image of the city of Miami, Dave County, is the internet, and I'm going to ask you to keep your voice from me. I'm going to ask you to keep your voice from me. Let everybody see us on anti-Balema, city. In my opinion, there's no need for that. I would like to have a city. You see the problem is the people in this community don't care about your opinion. The people have spoken, oh, 60% of the people said they did not want this to be a bilingual county. And you know what a zy-do there is nobody in Latin America who doesn't come here because they think we have a shortage of people who can communicate and Spanish. That's, let's load a crisp. I would like a very much that you're looking for something. Even even the head of salad, Mr. Soto said, this community cannot afford any more problems, any more divisions, any more polarization. This is nothing but political expediency. Even Mr. Soto has said that, who is from one of the most militant Hispanic organizations in our community. So who are you speaking for? Who are you speaking for? Why don't you invite me into future to a spent reasonable amount of time in your program? No, I still want you to answer my first question. I know. Why have you lied to the public? You admitted that on my program you agreed not to do something. There's no such thing as saying I'm never going to do it again. You know, all of a sudden we have decided what's best to do with you. To me, to be in your program on the person's time. And you don't want you to want to answer my question. But you don't want to answer my question. I was going to answer your question, but you did not let me finish. So please invite me if you want forever you're from and like, let's make some time. And we'd be my pleasure to be here. I'd be delighted to have you. I'm sorry. So thank you very much. Well, wait a minute, if you're holding on right now. Well, you're not. Thank you very much. What do you mean wait a minute? What do you mean you'll call me another time? If you really want to be on, why don't you hold on? No, you don't want to be on because you're a liar. You're a divider and you're a political panderer and you're a disgrace to our community. Mr. Valdez and I don't want you on the program. So get lost. You're a disgrace. You're disgusting. And don't sit here and ask me why don't invite you on the program. And then when I ask you to put you on hold, so I can go get our producer and have him arrange it. Though I'll tell you, call me another time. You're lying again, Mr. Valdez, because that's what you specialize in. Is lying and dividing. And we don't give a damn what you think. Whether you think that the rest of the world has this image or that image, because you're not qualified to make decisions for the future of date, counting in two million other people. You're not qualified to make decisions for yourself. I'm not sure who decides what kind of underwear you put on in the morning when you get up. Because you don't want to come into the real world. And all of this crap about all the rush to the world, looks at us as anti-Bilingual. What a poor lame stupid excuse. That is. Mr. Valdez. Pathetic. Doesn't want to answer any of our questions. And doesn't want to address how the he himself is quoted in the newspaper this morning is saying that he didn't want this to go to refer in to me. This was the excuse he gave last time. He wanted the commission just to arbitrarily rescind the will of the public. And overturned the anti-Bilingual ordinance because at the time he said that a referendum would tear the community apart. And yesterday he sits down right at the beginning of the commission meeting. He's going along with the referendum because that's the only way he can get as well. And the real reason is because now seven years later he knows the population, the percentages of change, and he feels he can get enough Hispanics whipped up into a frenzy out there to come out to vote next March to overturn the will of the public. We need this Mr. Valdez. We need hemorrhades. We need you. Like we need hemorrhades. You're a disgrace. And though I don't want you on this program. Because all you would do is lie again. Why should I bring back somebody who just admitted right on our air that he's lied to the public? He admits that he made that commitment on my program four years ago. He admits it. Or three years ago, whenever it was. He lied to the public. And as far as I'm concerned on an issue that is his emotional and divisive of this community, when a public figure lies to the public, he ought to be removed from office. And Mr. Valdez, you ought to be recalled tomorrow if we could do it that quickly. And if there's anybody in this audience who would like to begin a recall campaign against Mr. Valdez, and or any of the other commissioners in a Metro commission, I'd be delighted to be a participant in that effort. And you can count upon this program as a major catalyst in that effort. Because I'm sick of this crap. Here we have it. This is just like during my real man. We've got all of these incredible problems. Oh, Neil, we like to talk about the good things that are happening in Dave County. And this is sitting down there and South Miami, where like within a half a mile, we got cars out there on Dixie Highway with bodies in them, and with coke dealers shooting each other out at dayland as they were back then. Oh, we like to talk about the good things happening in Dave County. And you learn on South there, keep putting these people back into office. The Harvey Rubens and the Barry Schreibers and the Steve Clarks and the George Valdez. And you've got to take a big part of the blame for it because you're disgraceful by your actions. Of putting these jackasses back in office. And rewarding them for raping the public and destroying this beautiful community. Shame on you. And if George Valdez ran for dog catcher next time and got more than two votes, somebody ought to be somebody ought to be taken in prison for doing it because it's criminal to vote for people like this. Whoa, the international community, but by we've got more international banks and more drug money and more international business. We've got, you know, we got enough people here who can speak Spanish for the rest of mankind, okay? But you didn't want to address any of my questions, including why did he lie? Why is it that those communities that have much, much larger numbers of Hispanics seem to function without declaring themselves bilingual? Oh, all these feelings that are being heard, you're hurting a lot of our feelings, you see? You don't care about that. You're hurting a lot of our feelings. Because what you're saying to us is we don't really live in the United States. We live in some kind of goddamn binary public where people like you can make all kinds of arbitrary decisions on what language we speak. And we don't buy it, Mr. Valdez. Go to night school and take a few courses, learn to speak English, learn to become an American, learn, take some civics courses, learn what the American system of government is all about. How we've had the sufferinist community with people like Joker Royale and Mr. Damitio Perez and George Valdez, on and on down the line, all of these right wing fascist-minded lunatics, and all the rest of us who live not just in date, but in all of South Florida had a suffer from the fallout. Because economically, unfortunately, you can't just cut Miami off the map or date County even off the map and separate it from the rest of South Florida because the world doesn't look at us that way. As the article in New York Times should very well point out, there's netty discussion about anything except Miami, Miami, Miami, and all the rest of us who live in about a 50 or 80 mile radius man, we suffer from the lunacy that goes on in Miami and in date County. It's 16 till 2 at WI and Z will come right back. With all the congressional hearings going on, one barred felt it was time for you to know the truth about sporting good no matter what anyone says. One barred guarantees the lowest price. One barred. The barred goes back to the front and back to the front and back up into a frenzy and turn this community into a toilet. And that's what you and your friends have helped to do in these last seven years most of our days, and you know something it hurts my feelings. And it hurts the feelings of the people who's loved ones are to hear, to speak for themselves. It hurts the feelings of the people on South Beach who have been mugged and whose lives have been destroyed by the swell that you and your friends help to bring in here. via Fidel Castro. Your good friend. Isn't it interesting how Fidel is our is our enemy and Fidel is the monster, but when Fidel decides that he's going to empty out his prisons and his insane asylum. That we have all of these people in date County who want to be willing, co-conspirators to go down. They're also we get our relatives who cares if we destroy the community in the process and bring in all this swell that Fidel is going to send here along with them. So you see Mr. Valdez, it hurts the feelings of a lot of people whose businesses have been destroyed, whose lives have been destroyed. It hurts the feelings of a lot of people who lived here along before you ever got off the boat. That this community has been turned into a cesspool. And you've got the goal to call up on this radio station again so that you can lie to the public again. Don't ever call this program again because I won't put you on the air because you're a goddamn liar. You're a disgrace, you're an embarrassment. And Governor Graham sent it to Graham ought to come back to this community and apologize to the people of date County. And of course he's he's a apologies for a lot of things and one of them ought to be for appointing you. A dummy on the end or thought like you. To sit is one of nine members of the most important political organization in date County. Shame on him. It hurts our feelings. Pemberg Pines, hello. Oh, yes. Michael. Yeah. This is great. I can't believe that I'm on the phone. How do you like that douche bag calling in here and then pretending that he wants to come on the show? I'm going to listen to the accent. Okay. Yeah. And that's basically that says it all. And what I heard because I'm here through the phone about five things before the radio. Yeah. And I'm listening to this and he's asking the people nothing. It's I. Yeah. And that's basically why this is coming up again. Yeah. That's right. I asked I asked him that was another question he wouldn't answer. Who were all of these people who were so upset and who are so wounded and who's feelings are being heard. He's been a part of this I've been listening to. I just, you know what this is not going to. It makes you mad because this is like um. I don't know what the whole thing is. It makes you mad because this is like um. You know what? It makes you mad because it's like um. 60 minutes or still don't even. Well, this is the real world when he live in South Florida. I know and you hear all this stuff but yeah, what you're going to do is that you make you got me off to stop now. And I want to. You know what can we do? Well, what you can do is you can take down the numbers. I did and I called him and and on the list. He said the secretary of course. Because it's probably Philips wasn't it. Oh, yeah. She's he's eating, you know. She's eating like the morning time at 10 30. And uh she said well, we're writing a list. So give me your name. You know, I'm thinking, what would it's that mean? But hey, I don't care. I'm not afraid. Exactly. You know, I do not not only that. You can give her any name anyway. How does she know? But still like wish I could give my name 10 times over if it could do anything. Because what you're, what you're talking about and this bilingual issue is really the tip of a nice person. And it's interesting isn't it that two of the commissioners we had Mr. Roof in earlier who has gone on record, although you know how much does that mean. We've got it on the logger tape. He's gone on record that he is against putting this on a ballot. I was just saying. Okay. And now we have Mr. Valdez who was also admitted that I'm telling the truth when I said that he came on my show three four years ago and that he vowed not to do this. So you know, I'm not telling anything that isn't the truth. Mr. Valdez in essence has admitted that he's a damn liar. Oh, God. You know, you've got this is great. It really is. I just wish that this program could put on TV or something on the six o'clock news. Yeah. But you just did. You made George look like an asshole. Well, that's exactly what he's looking like. What do you see is what it's like. I mean, it's all right, God. It's true. You know what? You know what? I know. This is going to blow me out of the water probably. But because of this today, I'm going to forgive you what you said about the process. Celtics and Larry Bird. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm glad you mentioned that. Oh, no. Please don't do it. Well, no. You're going to like this. Hold on a minute. I was going to, you know, and this stuff got to me today. Because I was thinking about it all night last night. So I kind of let go a lot of stuff that I was going to play today. Although we did play some pretty interesting stuff this morning. But I have a thing here somewhere. And if I can find what Major did with it. It says Larry Bird on the card. If I can just find it, you're going to love it. I was going to make just a little bit of peace with all the Celtic fans by playing this. And of course, Major, I gave it to him. And he puts it in his rack in a chance as a fighting and now on a scale of a million are almost impossible. Well, you know, I agree with just why everything you say, but when you got a phone about Boston, I got mad at you. And I said, I don't like getting mad at me. Well, here it is. Okay, wait a minute. Go to the radio. And this is our making peace with all the Celtic fans. Okay. Okay. Thank you. You bet. A well-operated bird bird. Bird is the word. A well-operated bird bird. Bird is the word. A well-operated bird bird. Bird is the word. A well-operated bird. Bird is the word. Don't you know about the bird. Everybody's talking about Larry Bird. It's not only about all the mixed truly amazing. The wind shut up now, but can we back to the game? Post Larry Finals, who did all she got the ball names. The Mary Sparys, Ben exchange, and the Larry Larry's is a 3-point line. And she'll support us on it and it's fun. It's amazing. It's unbelievable. Everybody's talking about Larry. A ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe this is the number one of the most amazing shows of sportsmanship I've ever seen about life. I'm getting so excited. I just see my problems. I'm all hurt. The ladies and gentlemen, and at first, I mean, tell you where it hurts. A well-operated bird. Bird is the word. A well-operated bird. Bird is the word. I'm not a word. I'm a Larry Bird bird. I even sounded like Johnny Moston. Okay. Well, let me give these numbers out again. Okay, and closing today. And Mr. Valdez, I got news for this just the beginning. This is only the tip of the iceberg. We've only begun to let you know how we feel about you and your mung brain crew down there. Okay? I mean, when are the people in this community have been asking this for 11 and I have long years? When are you going to, if nothing else, at least get mad, okay? At least get mad. Get mad enough to take a pencil and write down these numbers and to make a phone call, make 500 phone calls. I don't care how many times you call them. You'll give 500 different names. If you don't have a good imagination, just get the phone book out and make up the name and get the names out of the directory. You know, I'm a Hizu Salvarez. You know, whatever name turns you on. Steve Clark, the illustrious mayor, Mr. in the closet, 375, 5305. Like I said, call him early in the day before he gets lost. Very shriber, Mr. Dupek, 375, 5160. George Valdez, whose name has become one of the seven words I think. I think his name is actionable by the FCC now. 375, 515. Barbara Kiri, she be the token on the commission. 375, 5205. Sherman Win, 375, 5128. We left Harvey Roofin off because we've already got Harvey on record. Jim Redford, 375, 5121. Beverly Phillips, who is busy eating now, 375, 5117. And Clara Osterley, the great witch of the metro rail. 375, 5123. Tell you, you've got your absolutely correct. That door's where my statement of that time. There you've got it. We've got you on tape, Jorge. You're a liar. You admitted it on this show today. On a maro, we have Arthur Aliman, and Mr. Neal's are going to be here to question some of the Metro commissioners. And it's not going to be the kind of pussy footing around that I did with them today. It's going to be the real heavy stuff. So, George, in closing, we have one thing to say to you, a stud-level. And the recall campaign begins now. Trust me. And as I said at the beginning of the program, whether it's George Shulti, with his old Mothball, Riddon suit, or Emmy Schaefer, I don't care who it is at this stage of the game. We'll join forces with anybody in everybody who's got the guts to say, Adios? To these idiots. That's going to do it. Stan Major, did you hear the nympho thing we've played for earlier? No, I'm sorry. Okay, you're loved that. I'm not going to take that to Beningons with you. That could do it for that young brother. That's what George just called by the way. Did he? Yeah, he didn't know who to talk to. So, we ought to tell him that the name is Gary Lawrence. Good. Okay. Speak to Gary. And as fun you'll. Michael, for the headline, CBS with the news, the Stan Major Show from 2-6. And we'll see you tomorrow. We're going to be doing our show in Danish tomorrow at 10 o'clock.