Kill tot Sort of Shows me What . . . ... He will be riddled on his side He will be ostat When the shadow isworks Where his waiting degree A must die He'll rig his thigh When the hell I do the deal We will nod your shoulders Tell you the truth They will For myoke Fill me go You're a little sweet, just like me And I was with you, I was with you I can't wait until there's time Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Wow, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, Oh, oh oh I can't listen during the week so I guess probably I should tell on that this is my last show on this radio station I'm gonna restrain myself. I'm not gonna use sighted about it. I could be over-infused about it and Monday morning. How do we now? How do we explain this in a way that they can relate to because the audience seem to be very slow during the week? Monday morning I'll be on Zeta 4 at 94.9 on FM 6 to 10 Monday through Friday every morning no more Saturdays. This is not only my last show on WINZ My last show on Saturday, which is a lot more important to me Ever never again That's our battle cry never again and So basically that's it and of course the bird will be over there. We fought tooth and elbow. We still had to take him and The lead you'll let will be on the show this every morning to I've buch it up a little bit and that's gonna be at them We'll be doing a talk show Not gonna be playing 18 in a row or 20 in a row. It's not gonna be a music intensive show Every now and then to passify the program director will play a record. You know like maybe once an hour and that'll be it And I did hear all of those words of doom boy, you know once you walk out of this building All of a sudden they turn on you even stand turned on me. Oh, yeah, he's gonna have trouble with those phone numbers I'm gonna be really rough and You know, I just couldn't believe it all these. Wow. I'm not gonna go out by an FM for him I'm not gonna buy an FM all these guys with their cheap company radio I got news for you not only when you go out and buy an FM, but you'll be listening to it Religiously you'll be getting up an hour earlier than you ever got up in your life before it So if you can protest all you want But starting in a few days you'll be you'll finally break in you'll need your fix and you go on You buy your FM radio. It's really pretty pathetic when you hear guys like that because everybody has got an FM radio I mean even little kids have FM radio. You know, so all you big spenders out there Good luck to you. I heard about four calls in a row when I left here on Yesterday and I just couldn't believe it boy the minute you are why not got a bottle of FM? Good luck to them Good luck to you you know what I'm saying so anyway, we're just gonna kind of reminisce a little bit today We got some of the old stuff from the past year that really Kind of touched the hearts of people all over South Florida like Helen Dale vice and wasting away in Helen Dale And we even have something a little special. They be on a plate now We only do this on very special days on this show Okay, but this is all so far campaign and our desperate attempts to fend off the FCC and Portland Maine and all these other lunatics Only on three special days ladies and gentlemen that you get to hear this You'll never hear this on the sandy paint and show you can go to the bank on We are all being screwed. I say listen Why is this happening to us? We want the everything to get There's no place for us now even All around in the mouth you can listen But now you will find anywhere And we're all No fun to be There's nothing less for us to enjoy we'll soon be playing with children No fun to be We need to try to make love Listen to on i think Help And maybe we won't get the sun just while we're still If this is what I used to win too, I'd see what I used to do Or waiting for a smile, in fact they might lie Because of the FCC, you watch a band what we can do If this is you then watch a blue candy You be even tried to fan the record that the DJ played You are, I am talking to you, I stand here Stand and fight for what truth and your honor Into so far so we can tell you, MCC, what the end of our day are near Roger And so far outside, we both We have nothing to hide, y'all can't bear Yet your pinning's out and maybe the empty sea will take out Oh, a city in the morning now Oh, a city in the evening now, no one knows what we're trying to say We are the FCC to play The FCC, go away, and see me Get off our backs, let's see, let us live our lives forever A performance that will live an infinite, ungly Well, I'd say thank you, Marlon Marlon Bailey, of course, found that somewhere in a trash can And the broader, in the course, Marlon was a big part of the last year We had our ups and downs with Marlon didn't wait Provided a lot of laughs and a lot of heartburn, a lot of grief, a lot of jackets Oh, oh yeah, it's been quite a year So we're going to just kind of reminisce here today, talk to some of the usual Saturday mists fits And there shouldn't be too many complaints today, okay? Because generally on Saturday we get this crap about Well, you got to keep working Saturday because we can't hear you doing a week Because we're in school, we're working, we're doing important things during, you know, this midday hours And now that you'll be on the morning, everybody here on Saturday ought to be an ecstasy We shouldn't get any more of this crap like we had yesterday all of these can diffuse people What are you going to be on Monday? What about what one day? Boy, they are a little slow out there folks, okay? But we do have a couple of guys that the management has hired with sandwich boards We're going to be walking the beaches Some very heavy promotion going to be involved in this change And I guess I should mention that Jay Michaels is going to be here starting on Monday morning Let's see Monday through Friday from 10 to 2 on AM right here now and Like the real sucker that he is Saturday morning from 6 to 10 You know, it's not bad enough Jay that you agreed to do six days, but six to 10 on Saturday morning I mean you got to be kidding a real massacist and My think you like Jay We all like him and we wish him good luck and our numbers in date County We're just going to play a real mellow here today and I mean like get it over with already in date County 624 9400 in Broward 524 9400 I do want to caution you in advance that someone we all know and love has threatened to come in around noon And Well, I guess you want to give his last cackles in before speaking of last cackles. How could I forget? We also have another change on wins You know we had this great summer book so we figured we'll screw up the whole station now and we have a big change coming Monday morning from 6 to 10 I guess this is going to be my competition now and a little new wrinkle in the news business and we thought we'd give you a little bit of preview here for those of you Arlene Ross fans who are waiting salivating at the mall Okay, I want to I want to I wish you Now the pros and directors having a Oh Preview of Arlene Ross and Mike's will from the new Monday morning news show here on wins You'll never be any bad news even in plain crashes Ten car wrecks Instant fatalities drug wars Nuclear bombings They'll always be a little chuckle in your morning when you listen to the news on wins So that's a little preview what's coming up on Monday and I think what we ought to do Bob is take our first break Those of you probably have moreial wins logs for today show at home those of you who keep track and You want to frame this probably have a golden frame and You know save it for posterity ten eighteen at one thing for me. What's that? Could you say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest freeze major Miami vice your on arrest Pow thanks Don I love you yeah right you dummy 21 past 10 at WINZ and of course the dummy will be in from 2 to 6 this afternoon and the stands gonna be talking about his ratings this afternoon He ought to be honest with you. I hadn't realized it because I was busy basking in my own ratings that is but That's for one that he got in the afternoon's the biggest number that this station's had an afternoon in a long time That's a big number in afternoon drive just in case Stand doesn't know it and of course some guys who are making enormous amounts of money We don't want to mention their names, but you know those gigantic egos with their two six I mean let's get serious mobile Hey, hey, you hung on I can't believe it. Very true, man. What a great American You know commercials I listen that on my mobile. Sorry. I'm on a pike head north. I'm up around Palm Beach now And I don't know this mobile phone kicks out after a certain time on your new mobile phone You got a hands-free job or you got a you got a hands-free job. Yeah, that's a real trick. I'll tell you You know people look at you like your out of your door, though, which is then they're laughing in with no phone in your hand They think that this guy's got problems. Yeah, well with me they figure you know I'm just practicing for the next show So it doesn't bother me Congratulations on your move. I'll be listening to you. That's gonna be rough to lose you on the afternoon But I guess Yes, I can get you yeah, but you sound like an early riser. What time you get up in the morning? I get up early I'm on the road. I just got a little I'm gonna miss having somebody to ask you then because I'm in my car all day long You know, yeah What do you mean miss somebody in the afternoon? What about Stan? He's not going anywhere What time stand doesn't come on to later though? Two Yeah, how about the new man when you think of him? Jay's gonna be good. Great Trust me. Okay. Congratulations Thanks a lot. Okay, well he had a good decarphone didn't he that sounded good As opposed to some of those cheapos, you know where it sounds like they're calling from the moon 23 past 10 at wins north Miami good morning No, yes, sir. I get doing okay. Listen. I need an education real quick on these rating system. Yeah What exactly did it what you have a nine share ten share this time? Yeah, oh no seven five seven for now What with our what age group is that that that's I like a 12 plus figure that's everybody 12 plus so this guy sounds a little knowledgeable now 12 plus as soon as he says that I don't know I have to ask you a question. How do I agency that advertiser is normally by? They by 25 to 54 generally and I had a seven in men in moon 25 to 54 Which is about probably the biggest number in the history of this radio station so we're very proud about that That's right now where do you like how many did you wait a number one in what in 25 54 no Where number three I think well you got to understand this kind of like WQBA in fact if anybody wants to see these things and see the Incredible way that the Hispanic community fills out their diaries. It's unbelievable The length of listeners here once they start listening if you believe them they never turn it off I mean they're just a glued in their on QBA in our HC But now we did very well it did three that was number two number two What are you writing a book or what I mean? I do have all of this but I'm sure the audience Like just who's who's out delivering you there? Well, let's see number one in 25 to 54 was waxy They did very well. They had a good book and number two Number two listen if we got along enough. I'll find it. I am have any idea who was number two Oh here it is life Life life I thought they have all those old listeners. No. I take that back life was number one and waxy was number two and 25 to 54 now Gotcha, yeah, all right, but of course live nobody listens to life. They just when you get trapped in an elevator you'll listen to it Yeah, that that that that that the radio doesn't work that station does no But all right, they guy want to know what was going on with the rating system. Okay. We we done good It done good listen you have a good life. Thanks you two pal for a lot of Dale. Hello good morning. Hi. Oh, yeah great I'm Ellen you be Ellen yeah man. I be Ellen why does I work in today? Well, so am I so we both be Ellen yeah, but I'm kind of Happy about it because this is my last Saturday ever they will never ever do this to me Get if they try to do it to me again. I'll become very religious Really why Because Jews don't work on Saturday. Oh, I really I see well, I'm just working for No reason I don't work me too. I made too. Absolutely. That's why I felt every Saturday for the last year Huh Listen, we're calling some of the world great as type of cleaning company really Yeah, looking for a free plug probably right. No, okay. Oh no free plug. All right. What's the call and say hi? Good. That's all that's very nice. Yeah, my name's Terry. Okay. Are you are you gonna be listening Monday morning Terry? Yeah, on Zeta. Yeah. Great. It's already on there. Next one. So we've got two radio So one on yours and one on Zeta. Now you're talking yeah, and you can listen to the one on Zeta Pretend you're listening to the one over here. Okay, Terry. It's great hearing from you. Yeah, you have a good weekend. Bye bye Nice what a nice lady. It's 27 past 10 at WI and Z Do want to remind you by the way those of you groupies out there that stand and I will be eating at the melting pot around midnight tonight Of course they close them at night, but Now sometime this weekend we will be eating there. I'm not gonna give you the time because we're tired Of some of the groupies who just want to come around and claw at the end of the table You know, would like to be friendly to everybody but enough is enough and when you're having that kind of a meal You want to be left alone to sit there and salivate and to enjoy every last drop of that white chocolate and the cheese and Sit there and watch Dave stick his finger into the Griner cheese and just add that extra touch that makes it so sensational Pop a no hell hello Hi Neil. How you doing? All right congratulations on all your success. Thank you and I know you'll do well with Zeta And in fact, you know with the ratings that you've been talking about it seems like a lot of people in this market included the putting the media Seems to feel like it's only in the last year that you've had good ratings. Yeah, what are they now? Well, you see when you're on a night you're buried it like nobody pays any attention to it Well, you know the fact of the matter is I know when you were on W snooze You had double digits ratings at night and yeah, well even at the beginning when that station I think at a five thousand What signal which you could even hear and And then when you moved to W i and Z at night, I mean, you know you managed to take the whole audience with you Yeah, with our big nighttime signal that goes almost all the way to Pembroke Pines was an unbelievable signal Yeah, you can say that again In fact, where I live we picked up I think W let me see better than we did I and Z yeah That's a station to make enjoy. I know on 940. I know yeah, but you know getting back to I want to get back to Zeta for a second now I just I kind of hope that you do very very well So that maybe about another year from now they'll really make a change and make an FM talk a Rathom it Well, you know there's an interesting pattern that takes place and that is when I first came here Shortly thereafter I was really hot to try to do midday to go on the daytime because I felt that you know They were wasting their time with the all news which is kind of a passive format in most markets and The word was they will never ever Never take news after in the daytime on Wions And you saw what happened to that right? Yeah, and we proved it with the numbers then the word was that they are committed to music Unzeta they will never put talk on FM ever every day will never do it now Monday morning We're gonna do it so the more they denied that they're gonna do something the more I'm confident that it's gonna happen So you know yeah, but I like to see you give some of these people who run for the money because you know as far as morning FM is concerned the only one that I think that has any degree of being a radio person is built-in Yeah, Tanner and the guys on hot 105 Dan McKin and Jim Scala. They are really funny They're really work hard in their creative and they do a lot of funny stuff Don't hand her head music that I could listen to I'd listen to them, but you know I know he's a talent a guy Well, that's why when he called in yesterday I said Hey, we're not really competing because you're playing all that scratch crap and you're appealing to ethnic Young ethnic people and you know that's not our audience so we're not competitors Yeah, and the reason I said that is I hope mostly keeps sending all that stuff over, you know Exactly well good luck Neil. Thanks a lot. We'll be listening. Thanks. Okay 10 30 right on the nose It winds his little clammy in here is at my imagination See, no, it's not clammy it must be me. Okay. Well probably I'm flushed from all the excitement and every you're cold up there. Are you cold? Luke warm but not cold now Maybe just a couple of degrees you know I'm sorry when you get a chance, Bob So don't hit listen that could say 60 and it could be 100 degrees in here that doesn't work That's like they put that in there to law you wouldable false sense of security, but it doesn't do anything trust me This studio has been kind of interesting they built this two years ago May Is that right or no three years ago may three years ago may And it's a beautiful studio. It's probably one of the best anywhere in the business not not just in this market anywhere in the country It's a magnificent studio and One of the good things of it is that you can kind of dim the lights you don't have to look at anybody which is very good With all of this space age equipment most of which doesn't work, but it looks great But I will say this we've never quite been able to get the air To work right and here either it's like freezing in fact we have some guests may they rest in peace Who didn't quite make it through this show? In fact Jack Quarkheimer almost you know got into outer space for real one night on this show Because it was 100 degrees below zero and Then once in a while when I guess we come in we didn't like we would you know make it very cold because doesn't bother me I got enough insulation it could be 20 below it doesn't bother me and It's never quite arrived now. I'm looking forward. I'm very anxiously looking forward to finding out how the air works up front I have a feeling at that end of the building It probably works a lot better because all the management people sit up in that end of the building So probably it works a lot better sky like mall hello Oh, we all hi. I've never listened to a fan and you must help me to find this station It's your gonna be on well SM that says from 88 to 100 that's FM frequency modulation. It sounds so much better doesn't it in stereo? That's where you're going to be right on that band and it's 94 0.9 Now I have tried every station this morning is nobody the talks No, well, they're not doing talk they're playing music right now. They've been playing the beetles all morning But how do I know that it's 94 nine? I don't have 94. I have 90. Well because you'll hear my voice You sure well if you don't hear my voice then you got a pretty lousy radio You must have when it stops like at 90 or something. Oh, I have a stand-in. It's very good Well and believe me it I mean Zeta's 100,000 watts it'll come in so loud and you'll say that's that crazy kneel right there I think you saw a point nine and you're not crazy right in the matter fact you'll hear this Kacling sound in the background then you'll know who it is which I love now there's run as a sing yes Any possibility that you might change your hours to a little later after on the program well what would be good for you? Well, I think around nine They won't get enough of you in that morning. I don't get up that early. Yeah, why don't you mind kid up a little chance no Start going to bed earlier when I do but Hey listen me too. I'm talking I'm not you know I'm getting up there. Well, tell you Listen, I welcome everybody who wants to listen to this show everybody if they're nine or 90 But anyway, I'll stand would say if they're nine I'm not good at this or a thing When you think I could call you You can't meet again. Yeah, I'm terrible. I'll ready to be got a pencil. Yes. All right right down this number 550 94 90 In Monday morning when you get up soon as you get up just call in the world chat No, when a nine o'clock. I'll be on whenever you get up Oh, you mean that's the number you'll be getting calls on right. Oh fine, okay? I'll tell you wish you a lot of luck and I'm also sorry that you're leaving. Yeah, yeah, well not me. Well, thanks a lot I hope it's good for okay. I hope it's good for you. Thank you. Okay 1035 see that's what they said at night Oh, we're so upset that you're leaving the night time You're gonna regret it and I don't regret it. I wouldn't work nights again for all the tea and trying you got to be a maniac to work at night Look at all the good stuff you miss like going to bed early In this town Yeah, right Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Good. That's gonna be a high telephone call to follow. I know that was a classic I hope we have that on tape somewhere that was really nice little little spot for you. Yeah, well first I want to congratulate you on your move to have him. Thank you. I like the part where she says six o'clock. That's too early I should start I should just take that out and start playing that on the air It's a holy macros. Yeah Of course, you know it's gonna happen in rush hour now Well, these older ladies are gonna have car accidents when they hear some stuff you can say good Come on there. That's why I think we're gonna take metro rail And I wonder I wonder if my show will be allowed on metro rail. You know they don't allow scam on metro Walk me on on metro rail. Could not yeah, what if I eat it only I guess yeah, yeah, yeah This is long as you don't cover it with spam Really, that's true, but you also think I was I was listening you on am at work and That from ten to two made that time at work for by so fast Especially when I drown out the five attacking women I work with and And It's a bit of a change and I will have to get up earlier, but I can make the sacrifice good and also on stance range you failed to mention that The statistic you know little girls three years and over hit a 15 year Yeah, he was big in three to ten year old women yeah very big. Are there any? I don't want to say how big but he was big Well anyways Congratulations again. I really enjoy your show and I will listen to you faithfully on data. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye bye See we got more pledges now than you know who is guys I love when Joey tells us about all of his past success All those history lessons Ancient history Joey ought to be excited our first guest Monday morning on Zeta's gonna be Stan Roberts who used to be a WKBW in Buffalo and boy We got some good stories pop and oh hello Daddy how you doing betting? Thank you and good morning to you Good morning to you very good morning Not a morning Doug there's a 39 inch magnified five five Great Radio with radio on a wreck and record player or you got it all ready and Once we want 75 dollars Nothing I think you're fine. Are you laughing? No I'm laughing with your beddy. I want to Yeah, and Have I had that just on Medan and Brown Medan and electric typewriter brand new Hotly use value it's great is it in good condition Betty oh It's a beautiful thing a hotly let me ask you Betty you ever call it on like trivial pursuit on Friday? No, okay. Oh, oh yeah, I understand you it good you're the one I'm we want it 120 We're gonna go It's a beautiful bag Are you laughing? No not me Now I'm just a little indigestion this morning Betty Okay, and that my my phone number you bet 943 4646 and women Popping hope be in poppin of age Thank you, but what was the first time wait? Well, what was the first item Betty? The first item was a 39 and that's the box high size. Oh, yeah Yeah, it's very a radio and a record player and 70-five hours for that. Okay That's all for and then the next we run the dad and electric type by the port of Did you get that dog? I got it. Yeah. I feel someone laughing in the box. Oh, we got some nuts in here today You know they're all excited about the football strike You know what any more information that I don't want to hold you up. No, that's it, Betty all right Thank you very much. And thanks for listening W. I OD. Yeah, bye bye Oh, I'm so glad I'm getting off of this station we're getting all the IOD colors last few days We can go yesterday. We got two calls for trivial pursuit and now we're getting calls for trade line Where's Larry Kent when we need him? You know? Oh boy if it's gonna be like this all day. I'm not ready for this. North Miami. Hello good morning Neil. What do you got to sell sir? I've got Betty's message. You just want it on tape How's the classic call? Oh two in a row are we on a row two out of three I guess we're on a roll First off congratulations. Thank you on your ratings. Thanks Unfortunately I'm a short time listener. I missed a lot Unfortunately like I say but yesterday morning I don't know if you heard this on on pal Joey show Somebody called in to pledge some quarter hours and The guy after you said you know Joey Grey you know and guys said well I can only do that though until Friday So we go to the church today is Friday as well. I guess that's it for today because Monday will turn on Neil I didn't hear it, but I heard that there was a young lady who called it and said You know thanks for doing a wonderful job and I've enjoyed you but Monday I'm gonna be listening to Neil and he called her an ass and hung up and got very up there Very upset I can't imagine and he doesn't have a lot to lose you know what I'm saying in other words He can't afford to lose anybody at this point The other thing on your lead in today Yeah that song that was the I don't know if you're real I've attached to four seasons that's a four season song What's it for a season so they yeah You know what was it the song that you when you first started and you played a stick and then you played a song About your you know Neil Roger yeah that well that's to take off on on the other one on Joey song Hey, okay those are the four seasons by the way on his Did you tell with them? Huh did you do any course with all sure Frankie and I were real tight real tight. Yeah. Yeah. That's why his voice is like that now Okay, so you're have a wonderful life And I'll see you Monday morning. I got a deal. I'll read the dirt From the Wynsey Hall of Flame ladies and gentlemen at 18 before 11 And we want to send this out for that wild pig a little in hell of Dale sunny Rosenberg And check it Never take Just away from the old Ambassador We're still waiting for you to go to have a minute Search for the false teeth they left in a glass And how they're reclaim their deserts Close to play, but they know Is there only fun? The sun in light To get the early barangas The question just is not as it came And once they are seated They get overheated That's the thrill of those who are flowing in their veins Where is the way they are getting hurt? Looking for the long lost father of you And how did it say that it's a full of dreams A day, what for some? And animal in the blue You don't focus on all the reason But nothing is feasible With muscles aching that you just don't fit What does it matter? When they call up kneeling in the shadow I hate you kneeling never listen to your shum The question is, where can we go to have a day? Just the thoughts of my mum is a little brave You've had a little claim that it's a tough course to play But no, no, they can't wait for the show You've had a little claim that it's a tough course to play But no, no, no, no They just can't wait for the show In my regards, the Neil Rogers Tell me, but I've never heard of some of your program in my life 14 before 11 at WINZ And if you've got something to sell boy, we've got news for you I just can't get over that I'm going to never going to be the same Okay, let's take our last break now And we'll come back and get some more Great record breaking calls on this final Saturday of our lifetime Pre-rated WINZ and the Rogers We did till Tuesday and we'll be a long stand-man from 2 to 6 And this is our last show on WINZ Believe it or not, if you join us late Tough luck Okay, do we have a celebrity caller here? Hello Hello Oh, hi, yeah I told you it's Gil Seagull How are you? How fine, thank you, I want to thank you, your station And all this worries them, helping to commit suicide Well, it's our pleasure to do an wonderful job down there, Gil Yes, they can see the wonderful article today's house About what? About 7 bell workers donated 1,500 boxes of clothing to commit suicide Excellent Isn't today's place? Well, we haven't heard from you at a long time, Gil I know I got a 2 year old, I'm taking care of now Oh yeah I'm not a 2 year old, I'm not a 2 year old Wow 102 102 Yes, I call it my 2 year old Boy, boy I'll give it my full time And I, I, the girl you want to, one of the guys And all the radio shows and TV, I figured I did all I could And, you know, with them trying to move Somewhere, nobody would have them, so it's a really rough You know, for the Camille house now Right So, so, helping you, helping you know everything come out So, but I'm, I'm going to another little project You know, a lot of people that, they, they think they're She and I, and they think they have all the time of disease And all they need is, right, they're hard of hearing Like I am Yeah So, I want to work a now, and try to get the hearing aid We can't free hearing aids for, uh, great So, that's what I'm working on now You have a beautiful day now You took your thanks a lot Bye Nice, Sharon from you By the way, Stan is going to be here mid days on Saturday I should have mentioned that to, he's going to be moving up J. Michael to be 6 to 10 And Stan will be on 10 to which he give me a little longer weekend And it chance to get out and really do some damage Uh, okay, that's enough for that Hollywood, hello Hi Hey, I'm a little older visitor, I've never been on the radio before But nevertheless, only kidding You know, I went to play 16 quarter hours You notice how the demographics are starting to move up already I haven't even left yet Okay, I got a thing here for you Okay, for all people can't listen to you, you know, and you know, certain time spots Yeah So, we can do you can go on for 24 hours There you go, one day a week I like that That's for you, Neil Yeah Okay, is the bird going to come out my left leader or my right leader Uh, well, that remains to be seen But what I cautioned everybody to do is get up as early as possible on Monday And tune it in immediately and then whichever Speaker that he's coming out on you can just kill that speaker You know, the balance switch Right, all you people have got stereo radio is just to turn it in the opposite direction You'll never hear a word he says Uh, congratulations on your 7.5 Thank you Okay, you guys can still have the star wars He's going to be on the same time spots The star wars Are the radio wars for them, sorry Radio wars with who? With Joey, whoever Joey Come on, yeah, probably I would imagine so Okay, I've got a head set here, it's got AM and F2 and one side Yeah, and what? It's got AM or one side and F2 and one on the other side Yeah, like with some boats you showed the same time Excellent Okay, have a nice life, Neil You two, thanks a lot Miami, hello Yeah, I have a radio station and I am a station and I am a station and I'm like the south I can't believe it is this Bob Gilbertson? No, oh, and the number is 555 Oh, this must be somebody from Cox Broadcasting Yeah, this must be my Anthony Your cocks and stuff Yeah Listen, seriously, those two reddies I call I think they're asleep and deep and sleep and sleep Yeah, or something They were good But now So I ask you seriously I know you have the bird and yourself and who else is going to be with you Lead you, let me think you really need him, right? Yeah, now what a kind of a statement is that Well, it give me on the good side of the lead right away We need to lead a bunch up the show a little, you know who he is? I'm not really Alright, wait a minute, let me give you a little sample of his voice Okay, you understand what I mean, listen to this And now, a continuous, new Roger's music suite One song it arose Three minutes of continuous music A 94 WINZ We wanted to somebody who is a little butcher Then we are in there, you know? Let me also ask you Yeah Don't you think you may be for the first day or two Should go over to the I am side when you're done at That's kind of clock and helps out the new guy for an hour No I guess you don't want him to No, we had Jay on yesterday Yeah, yeah I'm not a butcher No, I wish him all the luck in the world But, you know, four hours is enough Now once I walk out of here today, believe me, that's it Do you remember? Huh? Are we the dirty rat? I'll revert there, cha, it's at 143 Let me ask you When I go over to the melting pot, which have never been there What kind of dishes are real good? Well, the porcelain ones are the best No, seriously, it's a fondue restaurant It's fondue, do you like fondue? I've never tried Well, believe me, you're in for a spectacular surprise Just get the combination plate and the Swiss fondue And the white chalk with fondue dessert And you'll feel like you're died and gone to heaven Believe me I'll give it a shot As opposed to a lot of restaurants in South Florida where you feel you're as died I was your time last night at the track over at the... Thursday night Hey, you want the pompon out now Thursday night, yeah, y'all we had a lot of winners I won $14.20, it was great Okay, listen, take care I'm going to watch a lot My name is Hilo Hey, dude Hey, dude, what's happening? Hey, man, I got a collection of behind-rikes records They're in such good shape, my phone number I bet you this is Jimmy himself calling from that Yep And I got some black strobe lights We have a call from Janice Joplin on hold sur Neil, how are you doing? Glenn How's everything locked in? This is Glenn from a mobile phone Not on a mobile phone, but from my mobile phone I get from my house today, I'm not calling you from the Cellio hostellers, I'm calling you from my house You got that in, you notice? Now everything is great to phone a sensational and what can I say? But I have one suggestion In fact, in fact, one of my first calls I called Bill Carter and I called his wife from in front of their house And it worked great, she sounded like she was just a few yards away Did you have the phone on where you just calling from after window? Just from out the window We didn't want to spend 35 cents a minute Now those two ladies, I have a suggestion Oh boy Classic Yeah Classic like one of the best calls I've heard all your specials And I could see a point, she gets up a little late So she wanted you to start your show about nine o'clock Of course Why not And she's never used the FM So she doesn't know where you are Yeah, and how is she going to find it? I wonder Oh you tell her there's a special They're having an early bird special for the first part They're getting ready call it on the FM And I guarantee you that your help sure find it That'll do it, yeah But And you know how did Joey Reynolds, how did his ratings go yesterday? I was looking in the paper today, didn't break it down Oh he was only there for a month of it So I don't want to give him full blame But they were desperate in the morning They had a, I want to make sure I give the right number Okay, so let me just look I think it was a two one The one Huh, let's know I'm in the wrong I'm not even looking at the right thing here Mark, you know I'll say one thing about Mark You want to make sure we have all the information He's given me enough stuff here to choke a horse Here we go, let's say she, WSH, six to 10 a.m. Two one Two one Tied for 19 What about our friend Nudel? Nudel is not too good I think they had a day at a two seven in the morning And Steve came at bomb this usual Two six, he got right at the bottom of the pack Holding up the rear if you're pardon that expression Holding up Mr. Robby's rear Yeah, I have a theory I'm looking for a deer light I think Steve came and greaked you down Have the same age and Denmark Wilson has That'd be true Could be Hi, Wayne Neil Good luck Monday And I'm going to try to find the on the FM I've never used my FM So I might have to call you to give me directions How to find 90 Point nine Okay, well, what we're going to do Monday morning We're just going to put on a 60 cycle tone So that everybody can find it first, you know, about an hour Okay, well, the refordurchey good luck And we'll speak in that week Thanks Glenn Hi, bye Okay, I see Jim Loney is back in the newsroom Now Jim of course has provided a very important public service for the audience His morning he's been giving previews of the new format That's coming up on Monday morning And I think he's got a magnificent job I must commend you I never really thought you had an in you to do such a good job But if I didn't know better, I would swear that our lean was in there somewhere Maybe she has maybe the ghost of our lean is haunting the news booth But he has done a spectacular job all morning long I'll stick around because in the next hour Part of our final show on AM we have some special prizes We're going to be giving away First is an all-expense paid trip to Jamie and Marcy's house For Viel Parmesan Dinner Keep your mouth out Do you want to have some good news on AMatenated streets We'll have some wild energy Express to you It's the 7X-W sven. Roger show hitting new lows in the history abroad casting on a Saturday morning our last show on wins Of course this boy's pretty good for some of those A.M. programmers in the market right Like the bill in the quiche show Bill of course has talked about setting new lows has really done it in the summer book and that was mostly before Sandy went over to W snooze So what's bill going to do in the next book? That's the question and of course Jeff Charles who came into the market with his Surford and all of his see-wee that he eats and all at artsy crafty a moronic mindless crap He's really done it you know, he has really lifted that station to new lows seldom seen in the history abroad casting so we want to congratulate the people over WNWS Who by the way are rapidly evaporating from your A.M. dial and our real good friends the ones that everybody love in town W. I O. D. where and I want I want to quote Bob Ritz the general manager couple of months ago and they made those changes in the Harold and if it's in the Harold you know it must be true he said these changes are final Explanation Explanation and He wasn't talking about Rick we've resunded where either okay Boynton be chillo Hi How are you good how you doing? Very good. I just wanted to call you like you know we're all set ready to go six o'clock in the morning My okay, well you can all be here. I'm gonna sleep in. I think on Monday I wonder if you were gonna make it I think it's six o'clock. There's gonna be silence I promise you I probably have to come in at midnight just to be sure the first day Yeah, I hope you're there. We're gonna be there waiting for you I um I've come once before I call when you were working with Stan and I call to have you wish my husband a happy birthday Neven do you remember making fun of his name? Neven yeah No, doesn't even ring a bell No, how long ago is that? On September 28 it was on his birthday. He is a real die heart fan of you both and I have become one since And I thought it would be a great birthday, but then see you guys that we should map you birthday. Did we do it? Yeah, you did stand on one song up. You said no no and you found that birthday card and played it for him Yeah, that's what I can make it for doing that. That's staying could be pretty weird in hospital Yeah, thank you. I lived in Hartford when Joey Reynolds was on P.O.K. Oh, yeah, what was that about 1930 Not quite a movie 33 but he was a joke back then too So I Closer you're gonna be opposite him so I just wanted to wish you luck to pay your great and I wish it a best okay in my best in Evan thank you. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot now wait a minute before you go Can I ask you a question like what do you call him for short? Oh Neve Neve it's it's even junior and it was his father's name of course. Neve junior But never no Neve you name it what all the everything what a curse It's great. We're in a rock and roll band. We write original music and One of these days we're gonna write a song about you and send it in neve and a newdniks That's perfect. We've been looking for a name for a man. You got it. That's great. Okay. I think neve We'll like that very much just remember me. That's great. We will I'll be talking to you again soon. Thanks a lot We feel a lot a lot. Bye bye now sunrise hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I want to congratulate you and You deserve all the accolades that Been a stota for you. I couldn't agree with you more and I don't know if you know that channel 10 I guess stuff they're pride in their back pocket and gave you a spotless. I don't know new Yeah, I want to thank them for that. They did nice piece. I was over at the colder his house. We were celebrating my Whatever it is that I'm doing and All of a sudden that thing came on and build jumped out of the chair was throwing things at the screen. It was incredible Yes, my wife and I were both totally surprised to see you a child But when I was pretty unusual a lot to be on 10 I'll say when I was calling about his old East Station managers what are they going to do on the FM side when you come in with these high ratings Without giving away a hundred thousand dollars to broke the bride of yours with a listen to listen to them Well, I got it. I have a very good suggestion because it's still not too late Let's see. There are about four or five of them that are probably real nervous now. They would kick in about 100,000 of peace and just give it to me I'll just retire. You know, I'll just gracefully take off for a couple of years and I'll get out of there here. You know Oh, they would like that they would like to admit a matter of fact They may be considering that Okay, I'm ready. But I don't have to wish you luck because you're a pro and the others need to luck You just have it all. Thanks a lot. You do it all for yourself. Thank you. He Monday morning six o'clock. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. What do you say? I do it all for myself Unfortunately, of course, that's true, but listen, it's never too late. You know miracles do happen lightning strikes That's what Stan said and look what happened for him It's 12 minutes past 11 at wins and we'll go to Kendall. Hello. Hi I guess if you anything like me you're probably more excited about not having to work on Saturdays And you are about just going to play an FM. This is our smartest call over the day. No question about it I know you hate it and In the car every day I never get a chance to call you but you've already had Two classic call of same calls absolutely just like to make one suggestion Yeah, I don't do it. I won't be angry But eight weeks ago this past Thursday You had the ultimate talk show call of all time Around one o'clock in the afternoon on your station and I think you had it on car Even though you've never prayed it was a call where the guy Yeah, I'm nervous and I've never called the talk show before and the call went on for about 15 minutes That's a lot more than eight weeks ago. That's about that's months ago Wait a minute Yeah, I was stuck in nine to all the roads for 25 minutes in the car really Was the most fabulous thing I ever heard I know and just for that call alone I appreciate your program. Thank you Okay, and if it ever cues up again, I'll be happy to play it again Oh look at that it's only on a 10 minute cart That is a classic and he didn't even realize it they never do that's when the classics come in when they never even Realize it I listen but if you haven't sold a pop-up toaster yet Larry can't's gonna be a long-adnoon. We're gonna do a little reminiscing now a little trade line on wins my amy hello Hi Stan how you doing Hmm North Miami Beach, hello Sorry about that I know I'm sorry to somewhere in North Dane Congratulations, I mean you are absolutely incredible I live here for 35 years and you're the most exciting person on the radio That's a Larry King oh boy Un Elinoma yeah, you can say that again. Yeah, anyway I think that you should try to negotiate with South Florida As it relates to the increase in the gross national product of South Florida because people's gonna have to wake up early or listen to you and the probably gonna get more work done. Yeah, a lot more productivity in the workplace Yeah, that's right, you know And between 10 and 2 they probably gonna get some work done But the other thing is I just tune my radio crusader and I punched it three times Yes, they in a day before two of the three times I did get the doors Absolutely Well, I didn't want to let the cat out of the bag, but I don't want any culture shock for the if you Zatal listeners who are already there So Monday morning I'm gonna put together like a montage about half of dozen doors hits You know just to make them feel comfortable. I don't want to scare them off right you know I stayed up that one night to listen to you with you all with the birds for the half hour Yeah, they're when the bird did his second quarter of the review of um stand by me. Oh, yeah And you sound so different on FM today Well wait didn't hear this week show. I did another we taped another show last night for For tomorrow it's on tomorrow morning in the Maranite of midnight In which basically we're chilling, you know we're plugging the new show on Zatal But it is true you can sit there with those headphones and hear yourself and you sound like a real human being as opposed on a M where everybody sounds like Mickey Mouse Well, what's funny is I taped that and I put it on a few times people come in they said he was not on it these times You know they didn't realize that it was tape for the FM. Yeah, you know, and it was really well congratulations And the one thing I want to do is invite you over on Sunday for locks and vehicles promised on Okay, I'll be there. Oh great. Oh bells are up to you. Thanks a lot. I think that's a distant cousin of Jamie and Marister Jim Baker call me on the phone Sunday night May 17 Two months had passed He said Jerry want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me as you promised in Palm Springs on March 17 I said Jim assuming was being taped or someone might be listing in and it was while the record I said Jim Here's what I want to say to you I want you to understand Jim Morrison is still alive Was that problem? He's up at the other end of the building. They got him trapped in little room And they make him sing for a supper every day Oh Okay, we're gonna be playing that Monday morning on Zeta because we don't want any of our listeners to go into doors with Draw and there will be a penalty for early withdrawal It's 118 118 C to W. I and C will come right back Here are my doing tonight and crying mine's watching now That's why inspiring minds read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space It's in the hall is follow Hawkins the true mother of the elephant band. It's in the hall John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry it's in the house is Jim Baker about to get birth to Jerry fall well baby Listen the hell sex sex more hot What's Gary heart amazing right style from Florida a crossword puzzle that has no answer our own Pulitzer prizes just for us No letters to Neil Roger and we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day mindless family rhetoric It's Ellen and ladies if you are the Miami hero available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere and we're finer manure is friend This is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Any question Did hear that 21 past 11 at W. I and Z we have a special caller a celebrity caller from Lynchburg, Virginia, hello Yes Oh boy, this is really working well wait a bit hello Yeah Can I call you back Wait a minute hold on a minute hold on Call him on a bat line get his number and dial him back up on a bat line and we'll put it on here because I that's never gonna work Okay, while you're doing that Miami lake, hello Hi, how are you? Good how you doing? Yeah, this is my second time calling wait I called you that six months ago. It's born and right test for those raised in West Palm. I don't know if you remember that call Yes, I certainly do I never forget a Rochesterian believe me Well, I wanted to tell you that my fiance and I went to Nelping pot in Miami last night and You're right the white hammer at a chocolate is better than sex. Oh, it is I mean so much better that some of us were even thinking about giving it up It was incredible We think we had a choice It was like the best time we've ever had we definitely gonna go back Right, see I wouldn't leave you down the garden path. I mean when I tell you that that place is so good that you just do a tap dance on the ceiling You're nice the people there were so friendly. Yeah. Oh, I'll go in it. We just did was really a great time Did you tell him that I sent you? Yes, and I and they still served you, huh? Yes, and let me tell you what happened. We got there at eight thirty how reservations thank God because people were coming in they couldn't get in Until you know my sweater and I was resting my fiance for dinner so we could make the 11 o'clock news And he goes oh, it's not gonna be the least away today and I go I bet it is I that is gonna be right on in 11 And we went 70 miles an hour all way back Boston the door and it was just ending and I didn't even see it Are you kidding? I was just so upset about it But you mean they did run it at 11 again last time because I saw it six Evan right at 11 we we walked in like five after 11 and it was over oh boy He got into four me go. We just missed it. They just said there's something about the him being the first FM talk to host in the area and it was over well I saw that and I thought that the people at Channel 10 like me, but when I was coming to work this morning and Bishop was driving this Geogantic truck up 47th Avenue and nearly ran me off the road right outside the station You're I couldn't believe it. Well I also you know the way you talk about them. I was surprised that you didn't claim and did that All they know it's all in fun. Yeah, okay. Wait, it's just a radio show. I think Ann is great. She knows that. Yeah, well It was I and Brian is excellent Now me show that's another story. Well, I had a really good time last night I wanted to make a week last. I'm not bad on you up But it was my ex husband's birthday yesterday and I wanted to know your ex husband's birthday That's a moment is occasion. I'm sure in your life. Yeah, and his name is Greg and I would like you to play Will you born a by pet because I think it would sit wait a minute Oh, where is it? Don't tell me you lost it for Greg. We would do anything for Greg, okay? No, just for you Oh Well, I was driving down nine nine five other night It's gotten one important card just about run the clean off the road Well, I thought it won't go do me job good to get mad at him So I just kind of sit down. I don't know what this song about him instead that goes like this Where you born But head Work it in your whole life It a way Worked out mine You're a bud Head to that You're a few K.T. H.E.A.D And don't try to mind it all night You deserve all the credit Because you're a bud Head to that You are a bud head For yesterday And you're a bud Head to that I've got a feeling You'll be a bud head to rest of your life Let's think it here we go where you born To the head Or head to work it Your whole life Either way Worked out mine Cause you're a bud head tonight Or I was talking To your mother Just Leopold night And I told him that I thought that you were a bud head She said yes I think you're a bud You're a bud And all your friends are bud heads Cause you know them Your whole life And somebody told me You're gonna bud head Or a while Here we go Where you born About head Or did you work it in your whole life Either way Worked out mine Cause you're a bud head tonight I was about to join in where you born Or did you work it in your whole life Either way Worked out mine Cause you're a bud head tonight Do it last line Either way Worked out mine Cause you're a bud Unbelemable Head tonight Hey Hey Oh That's not true Hony and Lynchburg How you doing Tony? Things have changed since I left I know Unpleasable I'd say the same words I mean what's going on What do you mean what's going on Tony? I mean you know, I can hear the rumours that you've been switching to Obviously You have a station To FM yeah What is that? Well, that's like another band on the radio You know, it comes in like in stereo from 88 to about 107 or 8 or whatever We don't get that sort of radio here Not in Lynchburg now Well, that's because I'll let godless, comi, pinko music with all those Disgusting lyrics that say tannic message is on FM We also don't get talk radio We just heard you there No But I bet you got a lot of religious stations We got a few of those Yeah It's a couple thousand We are like I would I've been getting the first way of being like you know I get a day or two and on I had a date you know You know there's only so much time with number Carlos When you're so few months ago That's just summertime Oh that Carlos yeah, there are a couple of Carlos's ever Remember yes Like he was under show and I had a patent like I knew like I was just so going crazy eventually It's a man I ought to take his show this month If I guess you're going to want that tape out you know no There's only so much of Carlos really Or like you know I had to call you And especially if you want to hear from me after you know Jerry kind of like Like back out of yeah Jerry back right into what I guess huh? Yeah well I tried to call you out and I tried to call you to date with that happened and like you know You want a big meeting and everything Oh I did I mean we had a lot of big powwows and the conferences and all that stuff you bet Well, you know things are going going well they're going here It was for those Yeah, really describe how they're going but they are going great And well pretty soon they're going to start going here too like on the beach and Helen Dale all over Tamarack sunrise Well, you know there's gonna be a big invasion of Liberty students So I'm not well I don't want Break up the lawn how bad yeah What's I'm saying Yeah, I'm telling you to do they all the only four line of beach Especially I see the few of them right I'm gonna like well that's good tell them there's no sweat because they'll be the only ones here so no problem But I don't want to stay I want to stay as need as something you know they take We're not the summer but the spring Well, you got Colossus tape to keep you warm Tony just relax don't do anything rash Colossus tape it's about about done with like I need I was gonna ask plan to see could I get me some new New page because you know I'm beginning to lose my sanity Losing weight yeah, oh Very terrible and then Mike you know There's only so much you know, he's only just here's often it there's only so much you take a tossing Oh, that'll do it yeah So you know and then you go of course, like there's only the The pastor's Betty every morning and held the end you know like you can watch a gerian back Evan Yeah, and Tammy fake okay listen Tony same glad cassette he'll put a whole bunch of new stuff Unnerford to keep keep keep you going another six months. Okay, okay, okay Hey, kids the only wish you luck on the FM not the home in I'm thanks to you and I'll give you a call you gonna take calls on the FM you bet all right Okay Tony thanks a lot Okay, there is Tony and Lynchburg. Well, I have faith worse than death and speaking of tapes because I'm sure he must be on at least he better Beyond his way in here now The bird is beg me to tell you that if you'd like to have a cassette of all this good well a lot of the good stuff Just go right ahead. He's delighted to do it for you Well, he said something like that But anyway the new address make sure you send your a cassette with a soft address stamped envelope you'd like one of those big ones to Zeta The bird care of WZTA my M33055 That's the bird Or else just put a couple of pigeon droppings on the outside of the envelope will know WZTA my M33055 Pompano hello Hi, oh, no, this is time of fine. Well, Pompano pines. How you doing? Oh? Pretty good Neil. I just wanted you to know that I have my alarm radio now set for Zeta for so when I wake up Happy hearing you say douche bag in the morning. You mean you even know where FM is sir. Oh, yes Yeah, I what an improvement. We're really getting there now. We're getting the really bright colors now I used to listen to Zeta for back when it was Zeta for in the 70s. Oh boy. Well, those were the good old days I got to ask you You're a nice little opinion about upstate New York sure I'm going up there at the end of the month all bad mistake Badness day. I mean like this is October assert on gender standard. They've already had like snowstorms and mong and horrible I got to go Partially a business trip so I got a choice I'm going to be up in the area around Canada. Go and Rochester. Is there any place good to eat up there? Of course There are a lot of great places to eat up there. The gestion. I can't think of any Yeah, Royal Castle. No, they don't have Royal Castle and Rochester. So up there Well, yeah, I mean depends on what you're looking for. See I go up there. I go to Don and Bob's But you don't want hot dogs and hamburgers. You want some place that's you know Like caruso's in Canada. Go on the lake Remember caruso very good. I ate there. I guess about 14 years ago. Well, it's still there In fact some of the food from that is still other still waiting But that is still a pretty good place. Yes, excellent. There's a place in Rochester called the scotch I don't know what it is scotch and sirloin. It's like on a winton road. It's in a strip shopping center on south-winton road that is really excellent. I mean fantastic the scotch and something. I think this got Yeah, Chris was on the lake. Was it? Yeah, I thought it's a Italian place. Yeah, right by where Rose land used to be Yeah, no longer is. That was a kid. I used to go to Rose from Park. Yeah, family reunion. And then if you want to Real-Dude you can go up to finger lake some of those $2,000 claimers after the race they serve very cheap Finger lake is still in business. Oh, yeah, they barbecue on roast them up real nice, you know a little mustard sauce. They're good Well, good luck on the FM little a cleaner Parmesan they call it Well, good luck on the FM. We're gonna look forward to it. And can I say hello to my daughter? Yes I like to say hello to my daughter Jamie who's not feeling too good to say Jamie Jamie now she doesn't know Jamie and Marcy That she's only five years old. Oh, boy. Well, keep her away from staying my friend Okay, I have a good time up there. Yeah, okay. Bye. Bye Boy anybody that's gonna go up there at this time of the year good luck to you. Mm-hmm. Maybe they'll have like Indian winter 26 before noon at W. I and Z. I wonder where our feathered friend well he said noon. I don't want to push him now because after all He does a tremendous amount of work and I don't want to over-tax his energies and I'm saying like he he was saying oh, yeah I'll come in on Saturday, but if you want you know if it's important If you want me to he was like leaving a like a gigantic opening for me to say well, it's not really necessary Hollywood hello It is you want to voice your support for us Once grandpa from the monsters this angry if you said I bet you could create a passion God No friends go I don't know you that will feel so coming how we Oh I like trying to attract oh Grandpa first of all want to say grandpa was supposed to be our special dial today today We're gonna sit you up in some really great guys I don't like a lot of you Grandpa I like a You know I know People You know it's weird wagons for deregulation No government, but he's so busy with his hands-off style of management He doesn't know what is these other underlings are up to He wants to be No, not you grandpa See now I Grandplot that's enough eight minutes after noon at W.I.N.Z and little fix for those who missed letterman last night it was bad I haven't seen oh the guy said it was term. I taped it. They held it is usually pretty weak on TV. Yeah, he is pretty weak Okay, speaking a pretty weak We've been joined by that voice you love to hate By the way Jeremy promo the tapes a cassettes. Yeah appreciate that Seven to the bird W ZTA Miami three three. Oh five. I drove on he'll be the lowest Friends they were all doubling for a while. Why did yeah, and it's all I have to do you know yeah in life It's all I have to do But if you must Please be sure they're 90 minute cassettes. Okay, by the way we brought in your guest photographer here today Oh and we're gonna be talking about that little later on real okay, let's go to Hollywood Good how you doing dude pretty good. Hey Glenn. Hi. Hey how's it going great. Hey uh I was wondering how did that guy opposite you on how do you do Well, what's his name film a boy? Film a quiz. No, tell you but it's still had a two and I see even number he had a two He likes to keep it even he's a friendly guy. Yeah, no, what I switched to him real quick the other day and uh you know I swear I've heard his voice before and I finally figured out where it was. Yeah You know that's a personal few and detector But you got oh yeah You know that guy that says don't look at me honey. Well, so don't it done it right that is Bill I think I knew it it was him I think they're absolutely correct Wait a minute. Let's check it out. Okay. Let's all listen together hold on here. Thank you. Oh, it's gonna put your please Boy Honey Worst of a kid is avoiding household accidents is early warning Yeah, but why I just love them Hey When the worst happens worst alert is there constantly sniffing the air for those silent but deadly But okay, I recognize that but did you hear it? It was Bill yeah That's him. I recognize that voice anywhere and I know you know what they got a new strategy to hold Boost the ratings. You know what they're gonna do they're gonna buy three more jet copters. Yeah, that'll do it at about a half a million of peace Excellent. They're gonna have a mystery go Broadcast all his shows from from the air, you know, and yeah little does he know though the pilots have been given instructions And they're taken off their heading into the do-ease direction Well, hey, Neil I'm gonna be listening to you on Zeta my alarm clock is already set for six a.m. I get up that time anyway And you do you do know where FM is on your radio. Yeah. I know where it's at x one I'm gonna be brushing my teeth with you every morning good and So break away, okay, okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. I think I'm with funny five Now he was a good guy that call her he knows what he knows what side is the bread is buttered on you know I'm saying Why am I starting to slur and I guess when you we're gonna more you have to slur in your work honey rocks How come we haven't had a call from Sonny this week? He calls us and drives us nuts when we don't want to hear from him when he's got his grandma boon in the car on his mobile phone is that off This is my call Might be used to it because I'm gonna be Going on my starting Monday. That's why he left it on the promo. They're running. It's great. Lead you let with is a watermelon voice is saying It starts Monday on Monday. Yeah, so great promo. Yeah, but they're there. I am saying on You know, I wish they would have gotten me to say something other than unbelievable, you know about in credible How about that that might be good how about Dush We will not say douchebag. I'm saying it for six o'clock. I'm on the Monday morning. Pop it'll be chill out Good morning, Neil. Hi. How you doing? I'm fine. It'll help you are the same. We're great Good rock and you do moves. Thank you. I'll be listening to you. Good. I'm six tonight and then I'm off for my morning walk Well, that sounds good. You'll need it after you get through with us Enjoy your program and I do a shoot good rock I'm the lady that sent you two cassettes for the Johnny Mathes tape I hope you've received it Well, we're a little behind an opening the mail. It'll it'll take a little while but I guarantee you I'll take care of it for you We may not have hope. Did you put in that that's what you wanted? Yes, I did. I didn't have to do We haven't come up on that. Yeah, no, well, I did write in my note. I didn't know how much it could pay you for the return Oh, no, no, there's no one no charge it's out of the kindness of my heart Or that's nice. Thank you very well. That's because we're nice Yes, you are otherwise I wouldn't be listening to you and if you're listening, that must mean you're nice. I help so so we're all nice Whether I'm sure you've heard of Bob Grant. I think he's out. Oh, yeah get off my phone You jerk. Yeah, he uses a lot of material at Mr. Ego's stole it. Yeah. All right. He was on channel nine yesterday I can't remember what time it was And there's a new show that comes in on WR. Yeah This person yeah The way he sits there. I don't like taking a pen and just Precant with it. Oh, who who well, we're gonna be selling Bob Grant voodoo dolls when we go to the FM so stick around for that Anyway, he went on to say that I look just like Joey Reynolds He went on to say that one of the newspapers in his area took a poll They would like to see a senator Oh, he's morning hands or I thought who the other man was or Bob Grant. Oh boy This he did just say that he was in the lead He said so there's a good possibility to do a magic if you know Yeah, he said that he was in the race What he meant was the human race and there's a great debate on that at this point. Believe me. Oh Well, okay anyway, have a good weekend I wish you all the best of luck and I will be listening to you. Thanks. Well look for you. Thank you, bye-bye Bye Prop 14 and WI and Zee we've had nobody see I predicted this at the beginning of a show nobody today who's unhappy Because the Saturday crowd are generally the ones oh you got to stay on Saturday Tell me because during the week we can't listen we're like living in breathing human We know longer we're rendering a week. Oh, I don't no longer have that as an excuse Wasn't good excuse you got a couple of guys a call stand. Oh, we're not gonna go out by different Mario about for Good Stick with that AM radio listen to my craneree picking his nose on a radio you know more power to you Miami hello Hello, Neil how you doing? I have a good great when how you doing? Nice fine Okay a whole thing first of all Do you view I know I know it's Glen Paul you didn't see this or Gold you saw it there's a comfortable episode on two nights ago with Don Johnson oh my favorite yeah really Yes, it is absolutely the funniest thing I've ever seen it was on midnight to one in the morning I was rolling on the floor laughing hysterically on cable obviously It was on the child sex. Oh really Yes, with David Carrotting doing his phony Chinese accent Don John's new is playing young Indian right Chester everything yeah, he was doing his phony Indian accent got a bear chest of it. It's a Nepteria jazz town what time is this on? So I'm midnight to one in the morning. I couldn't get to my VCR to tape it Yeah, that's a How many connections believe me it's worth it yet? Never let's stay and get his hands on it because those river the shreds Yeah, it's it's going to morning. It's it's become a relatively famous episode of cult steric Yeah, yeah, the funniest thing I've ever seen you can see Don Johnson talking brokening with You spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen It's amazing Ricky always that he's always got the right time Yeah, I mean like yeah, just this incredible You want to think of one of your sponsors? Brick oven pizza? Yeah, one thing you may want to try the Neil. I know you ride a diet and everything But like if you have the vissovia with all vegetable yeah, and the store and have the store's in the side It's almost as good the real thing without it. Okay, excellent Really every I have never had anything there that wasn't sensational. I mean I think just try we out to you try it if you really said that the sources are pep rony and you want to you Keep your cholesterol down or that stuff just try with vegetables It's really good I had the last week. Why can't I just go that they made it no problem and it came out great yeah I can go with my father friend and have a slice up pizza Okay, have a wonderful life my friend. Oh, I think one last request. Yeah The fastball the the best thing I've heard on your show with the most original with the Michael Jackson revolution Cut with the beetle forms. Oh, yeah, that's one of my favorites Yeah, I know people have asked me they've heard about it and they've never heard of the radio before I guarantee you I tape before before before if I could get you to play it within just a matter of moments You'll hear within the next few minutes. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Okay. You too. Okay, and I did I was negligent. I'm sorry I apologize because you came in with a rather or not not a big exciting entrance and we should have done something for you Something special In the birdies on the phone again Life you love this Talking with his friends That's the birdies on the phone On the phone again You can't even talk while driving down that highway Talking never end That is until he pulls into his driveway And by the way He's on the phone again Yeah, that's the birdies on the phone again Is that a growth or just the receiving end of that phone that he's on? But that birdies on the phone again He's purchased up on that phone Just a joke just a joke where you relax don't get uptight and unfriendly. I look out of it You get uptight and unfriendly will send you over to colder to see that teller He's used to people being uptight and unfriendly. Okay, probably TWSC when we come back we're gonna do the Michael Jackson's shell out great I wonder if we're gonna have as much resistance on Michael Jackson on the FN because you do know I have that Michael Jackson fetish I want to uh I want to be Michael Jackson no matter fact or jannit Oh, I can be your main yeah or what is it? One diet Tito Tito Tito what a blanket over the monkey Tito Okay, let's take a break I do that pretty well as a matter. Don't add and you also have the Michael Jackson How much like Brian or cross Tito I'm gonna be a weatherman Okay, let's take our break we'll come right back And I saw that beetle song and Nike For lots of money, but I still don't dozens of great tunes by the fair for and now I'm selling them out Music the mood to generation the 60s is ready to move your products 95 If you're contracting lacks originality and has no respect for classic music Give me a call and say It's a good time for the great taste. Okay, we're kind of as numbers Donald 23 past no and W-I-N-Z And if if there's anybody who should know who's gonna be doing two to six on Saturday afternoon on W-I-N-Z here is I don't know greatest yentah even he doesn't know I don't have any I did you know Tony Saturday they're gonna hold week yeah I'd like to rush into these things you know and Stan's gonna do this shift right on Saturday and make some extra four hours a troll you know to figure it out Excellent okay, we have another call from Pompano hello Oh, gone. That's our first one of the day they've all been very patient today This is our last chance on AM Miami Beach, Chelo. Hi. Hi. What's the news? They're phone number You're writing a book. Yeah, is it 10 9 400 is it no No close No Five give it to you five five oh Yeah, let me give you a hit this don't could choke-dub Sally the station is 94.9 on FM right? So I'm sure way so nine four nine. Oh would make a lot of sense Right, thank you very simple for the good and it's the same number at all three count Z-broward and Palm Beach all right you guys are pretty smart guys. Well not necessarily We inherited okay good luck to you sir. Yeah, we inherited that number What's wrong Bob Lasheter disease to start a creeping into the morning I Couldn't believe when he called you the other day. He might call today making of yentres. Yeah boy. Oh boy. Oh boy Let's tell him they're paying me what about 700,000 a year to do on the FM million a million year Yeah, what you know why not okay someone in North Miami wants desperately to speak to us Hello, hey Joe when it gets your picks on tomorrow's game. Oh, yeah, right? Get serious, would you please? Yes, are you doing good? She's your buddy from work they got out of work release. Oh, yeah, how are you? Glenn? Hi. Are you done? I told you I wouldn't call back for a while and you'll like have my promise good Congratulations on going to FM. Thank you and your numbers see we all get released sooner later, right? That's all I was on Craig working a couple weeks ago. Oh boy doing what you mean as a guest? Yeah, as a guest. Are you cereal? Yeah talking about you know where I was at and why I was there and things like that It was interesting. It had about six calls. Yeah I don't like those negative sir. We don't discuss negatives on this program if you got to be a guest Am I show me the only positive sir? I'll make it if did you just did you discuss Neil Rogers on that show I see What's his name they got it comes on before Craig the guy to put you to sleep or Jerry Zwishner Wishner, yeah, I told Jerry Neil when I went and he was still on the studio on the you know Dostone stuff. I shook his hand. I said Neil has a lot of things to say about it And he said nothing good. I bet he was hostile yeah, look it don't get him to hostile boy a pull that 357 magnum out I was looking for it. I didn't see one make you an offer you can't refute if you really make a mad Oh pull out his 358 magnum yeah And if you really get him upset wait till you see what he pulls out They're going with where that sail is cap. Yes, yeah, it's glued with his head. It's like Ricky Tickies It's glued to the forehead Anyway, Neil I just want to call and congratulate you My portable radio the A and doesn't work on it good. So I can take you now again on that I'm excellent. Yeah, listen to you. Okay. Hi. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. Bye And one of the ways what's very easy and inexpensive underlined in red ways of doing that is doing what you are doing Okay, let's go to a form waterdale. Hello Hi, yeah, what's up? Hey nothing like my lifeguard here at Tomol and State Park another lifeguard Well, we got every lifeguard in America. I bet you're really busy today, huh? Uh, not really. I'm not really. I'm about a long day for the beach. I'm the only male lifeguard here. What was that? Yeah, it's a John Lloyd. No, what was that sound I heard in the background? Oh, that's my friend State to choose the headlight guard Stacey. Yeah, Stacey sounded like she was drowning or something Now, it's Ken John. She's a lot of girl. She wait a minute. She's the head lifeguard. That's the service. I don't want to touch that line What are what are her duties may I ask? Oh, not much But yeah, what does a head lifeguard get a do? But we get paid the body sir if I didn't know what he here. Yeah, that's good. What a job, huh? What a job. We listen to you all the time out here. Great. Well, you know, we're big with lifeguards Now you don't you don't know Paul or what was that girl? Um, oh? What was her name remember her name? No, no, we heard about that. That wasn't true. Sherry Sherry. Boy, she got a memory like a steel trap Wow, that's gotta work here. Boy, oh boy. There's no Sherry works here. Well, I heard how about that Cuban lifeguard Louise? Not here At a least acy Diane Vicki and be rough. Oh Boy, I tell you if that Louise comes out on the beach everybody will scatter. I'll tell you that When are you gonna do a show? What are we gonna do? What? Yeah, we're gonna do a show from the beach Know that what do you live in about that would be a great idea? That would get from six to ten in the morning with a sun coming up Beautiful and all those young people running around stark naked that would be good. It's great Yeah, I could get up for a show like that. How many people here but servers today? Okay, well listen have a wonderful life. I can you play? Yeah, oh, oh, yeah Howl and Dale Vyarty played it. Oh, no, I play it again. Yes, I did play it, but you know Yeah, that's my favorite really. Yeah, sure is What the white powder and everything? You know, I should have I just discovered something I should have had these all stacked up like this for months. I would have been It would find something and okay, here we go have a great life my friend. Thank you love There to Miami cops with a hot tubi there are the streets fighting cry The hand again face there And that the group has seen your citizens and went around trying to get the early birds special after seven Let's go get them It's up at night and the clean up the street Hey lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line and there's a term and the clean up is much Excuse me. All right, the stereo you're under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife what's the charm? Station powder. I'm gonna first uh, let's see that white stuff Yeah, just a thought. She got over under bags in here. Oh, what sweet love That restaurant you just came out of what's I got me Okay, since Jim loaning gave you a preview of the cackling news at the start Monday on the AM We might as well give you a little preview of one of the features that we're gonna be doing every morning on Zeta Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I mean, like stottard can come on. He reviews a different movie every day Yeah, we're not going to do that we're going to do something that's never been done Revolutionary in the FM radio maybe even A and we're going to review the same movie querile R E. Day At least through the fall book anywhere Well, we're not going to do any peat s was how movies or anything like I said Hey, how did you like soul man you haven't seen any you see. I'm seeing oh, it's great It is so cute. I haven't seen it yet. I don't have cinematics. And you won't take it for me. I will. I will take this will. It is so cute. It's enough to make you want to go out and adopt a black teenager immediately. And I don't need power to on the same tape yet. Don't worry about that. And they're all worried about that. I want to tell you the chances of you ever again to see that on a scale of zero. You've got enough image problems already. Mirror more. Hello. I just want to know what maybe you can be to be what Ricky Tickie was talking about when he rubbed him due to the other family other day. What Ricky Tickie? Yeah. Ricky Tickie was, I think it was the day you announced I was Thursday and right during that time at the old age. With the Beatles and Peter Davis. Who? What did he say? He said that you hear the news. Neil Rogers is coming to FM. He said that. He said, welcome to the big league town. Bring your checkbook with you. What's the heck to say? He chose things. You can listen. I had a half hour 45 minutes and there's absolutely nothing. On the air except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever. And so I wanted on and on and on and on. Yeah. Shame on you Ricky. Right. Right. It's the pizza same thing about me. Bring my checkbook. What does that mean? I have no idea. I thought maybe at least a bird would have heard that. No, no, those clever comebacks like Joey does. Right. I'm hasn't figured it out. I don't know. Bring your checkbook. I don't understand what it is. The station should bring your checkbook. Yeah. Well, good luck to you Rick. So maybe we'll get Ricky out there. Maybe he's listening and called. Maybe. Why not for me? Because what do you mean maybe he's less horses listening? Where are you kidding? Jimbo. I will stop. Jimbo. I like that. Good. We're looking for your call. Ready. Thanks a lot. Shameless isn't it? Shameless. I mean there's no discussion of situations and events of social problems or anything. It's what? I. What is it? What is it? What is it? Rick? Just shot the radio. Okay. Thank you. 20. 27 before one. Little did he know when he did that interview with the The station that he was giving us enough material for 1000s of shows. He was making a classic. And I'll tell you what else he doesn't know is that this. Oh, there you go. That's the big advantage. What else he doesn't know is that I have the whole interview on tape. What is goes on and on and on and on. It can on and on. Fresh and in all. Length like for FM purposes. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. It's like a written on the box. Jeff Strikertape. Because it can be. It can be lengthen. Yeah. Yeah. Pop a note. Hello. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. I heard you went to the Pop a note. Rays tracks. You're nice to go. Thursday night. Yep. Any spoke with them Mr. John Berry? Yes. Yes. I'm so much more of his voice friends. Great. Yeah. Boy. I know my fiance is a big fan of you. So once he heard you with her speaking with my mother's voice. I was freaking out. He was helping you with going. I was going to pop and you can count on that. I'm a real degenerate. Oh yes. Yeah. Okay. That's good. I will. I will be staying for all the races because I have to get to Betty you know Betty by early from now on but you know. Why? First seven or eight. What? Why? Because I'm going to be getting up early in the morning to do moreings on Zeta 94.9 FM 6 to NAM Monday through Friday. You didn't know that? I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I didn't know you had to go to bed early for that. Well, let me ask you. If you went to Pop a note. So when you stayed until 11 30 and I got home at midnight and I had to get up at 4 in the morning. Yeah. Not too hot, right? Well, called shower. A couple of cups of coffee. I don't drink coffee. Um. Um. My fiance wants to talk to you because he's got a gift for you. How about a coffee, Enema? A lot. No. Let's get Jane Donovan on talk about those coffee enemas. And do they sink or do they? That's a sink of the party. Okay. I'm ready. Okay. My favorite. He's got a gift for you. Okay. You got a gift for you. Okay. You guys going to get mellow one. Later. I heard you're a bud hole tonight. What do you mean? Are we going to get mellow? I mean, what happened to your an asshole tonight? The 90's. Well, sir. We don't want to discuss personal hygiene. Oh, I mean, it's not going to mellow out. No. We're going to look. One record he doesn't hear were mellowing out. Right. I don't know. Where have you been? You know, that record disappeared. He's a weird week to go. I know. But I heard in I heard a bottle. What's a bottle? He said, life got this. What is a bottle? Good question. Yep. That may be our topic. I got a gift for you here. Okay. It's a real bird. But a bird? Does it have a bud hole, sir? No, no, no. Don't look. But it's a bird we can't have it here. It's for you. Can we bring it to you? One of these days. One of these days. I keep it warm for a while. Put it in the microwave. And we'll let you know already. About five minutes. I have a little fission under glass. Can you play it so on for me? Oh, here we go. Hey, we're going to put a set. There's a mellow wing out. Can we play a song for him? Sir, I'm going to tell you we will play anything you want. Can you play the banana song from me? Of course. For your friend Joey? Yeah, well, not your Joey. I got a Joey too. Uh-huh. Can you play a Joey theme to that that with the gong? I know. I'm asking a million questions. Anything else? Would you like him at the same time? I've been on the radio. Wait a minute. Listen, if you give us the whole list, you have his programed all the way up to him to a clock. I think we'll get to a new level. I could hear his big dick. Could you play it for me though? Right now, if you'll ever, if you'll stop talking up? Okay. I listen, he'll let's love John Zeta. Thank you. Are you going to be listening? Oh, you know it. I got to get up early now for you. Okay. But it's great. I love the show. Okay. I watch your butthole. See you later. Okay. Okay. I'll leave it there. Let's say goodbye. Four, four, on and on. Like ricky. Wicked. Why, Flavte, down, with a banana. Hello, Arotten, D.U. Found that y'all devil, hiding in her purse. He's cold, he's hard, but he's got a pill. I hope it never happens to you. Some fruit breaks your marriage into. Why, Flavte, down, with a banana. My baby, sit back away. Why, Flavte, down, with a banana. I wipe Flavte, down, with a banana. I'm a jealous man. She found a sink since Latin love her. Now she does the thing all with her right hand. And right now I could just die. He's eat my banana cream pie. My wife left town, with a banana. My baby, slip and my baby, slip and my baby, slip and away. Speaking of slipping away into oblivion, once again. You're like an up there in December and Buffalo, Joey. Six feet of snow on the ground. Wind chill up about 18 below. But they're friendly and cheap to walk. That works on a wand. Joey's very big and Hamburg and D.P. Very big, D.P. D.P.E.E.W.D.P. in New York. Fridonia. Oh yeah, he's big and that area. Very big. I like this. Okay, 21 till 1 at WINC and we're going to come right back. This weekend, oh, I'm a Spencer. Titi tough guy. Let's take a call from Volca. Hello. How are you doing? Good. Are you paying for this call? That's certainly a. Wow. And I see on Monday, you won't have to do that anymore. We have a Boko line. Oh, I know. And I hate. How are you doing? Chronic. Would you like a slice of pizza? This is a candy. Can you say kinky? Oh, I see. Brick of this. This is our chronic collar from Boko. Yeah. Oh, I shouldn't have told him about that. And that Boko line. Well, it's pretty good. Look, I haven't even told you about three weeks. Okay. Oh, yeah. Sure. Tell me you're not the good one. It's a treat. Okay. Are you? Yeah. He just got us to be related to Martin Luther King. He had a dream. Yeah. In your case, I think it was a fantasy. Did you talk to your buddy, Steve Kane about his ratings? You're talking about my. You're Kane. You're Pell. I Pell Steve Kane. No, I don't. I don't talk to Steve Kane. I talked to Mike Miller. Oh, now you're talking. How's Mike. Michael? Mike. He doing. I don't know why. He loves us. But he's going to roll up there. He's having a great time and he's I heard that he started a petition drive to bring the dolphins to West Frown Beach. Is that true? He's trying to bring the Minnesota North Star. Oh, yeah, that'll be good Stanley Cup playoffs for council. Excellent. A Florida's gonna be great. Good hockey is so big and Florida. Yeah, yeah Like an L.A. Yeah, but anyway, I think I'll throw him a quag with also on that Elvis is a North heart. Very possible. He's right. He's sniffing around and get us to play it. No, no. Good. Cause we're not. Oh, did you watch Blue Velvet? No, I turned on the movie channel for it spashing out on me last night. They couldn't watch it. Really? Yeah, it's just about the part where the year was deteriorating in the woods. Oh, yeah. I told you it was your kind of movie. And then it went crazy and I just had to turn it way up to here and I'm done. Well, it's understandable with the movie that it would start spashing out as you say. I'm trying to conjure up in my mind to movie channel spashing out. You know, it's an interesting, well, that's it. No, you got to backwards. That's a new movie. It's gonna be on the movie channel. Spashing out. Right. We'll go to the Sissy space second and the media went to it. Spashing out. Well, you know, since we'll play with all the great and, uh, and you're great. I can tell me why isn't the bell call they're gonna be on the INZ. I hate listen because do they ever do anything here that makes sense? Okay. Do they ever do anything here that makes sense? No. Did they move to the FM? That makes sense. Well, no, I'm not talking about that. But I mean, you know, that wasn't, um, that wasn't the end part of the building. I don't want to take a couple of books to hear about a dashing. Yeah, and that was under great duress. Yeah, they weren't happy about that. They weren't happy about leaving her go. Well, I know well. By the way, and if that maniac that called Stan yesterday, just before the numbers, uh, uh, sour and nasty thing of that rude right wing douchebag called in, and I don't know why he's upset with Stan because Stan is even more right wing than he is. But, uh, you know, Stan had a four one. That's a big, that's a big afternoon number and a bar bigger than that he had even when I had that nine share. She had like a three six in that book and standard a four one. And I guarantee when the hour by hour comes out, he's going to just pulverize the number she had. So, um, you know, we'll never hear from that guy again. Now, we're with all that all in or stuff, too. Yeah, a miracle. Um, actually, and I without your lead and for that six o'clock hour, and they're bringing it down, bring that baby dad counts the six o'clock hour cable seven in that four one. You want to have to look through that anymore now that she's on in the morning, so that'll be good. Bring that baby down, Arlene. Since you got the book, they're how to, uh, I would do. I would fix them. I would ever. I would just sell. Come on. Still, you know, it's interesting. Did I look at the, I don't think there's any weekend stuff on here. Now that you mentioned that, I mean, Mark, you gave me numbers that haven't been in. Look at all this. This must be like a going away present page after page. Now, it just has the total weekend. It doesn't not see what are we doing a weekend. I had a god only knows if I took the time to find that, it would be two o'clock already. I got that first call. So, uh, hold it. Yeah, he got the call. What did you really? Yeah, you want to know, uh, at the end. Yeah. How much soda you drink and birch beer, yeah. How many glasses of soda you've had in the last week? Really? Well, they figured that affects your brain. So, then they wait the ratings based on how many glasses you've had. Well, look at that weekend. We had a, I had a four one. Mm-hmm. NWN said a two nine and I have a two five. So, we must have done very well in the weekend. I don't have to break down, but we did a very well in the weekend. They'll brought them up from a, like a two. It did real well with Doug Yang and yeah, he's good. He's my favorite. If you've got anything to sell, boy, okay, listen, have a great life and we'll talk to you on Zeta. You're out of my mind. Once in a great while. Okay. I guess he had nothing to sell today. Nobody's buying that's surprising. Yeah. Mirror more. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, how are you doing? I love your show. Um, I'm having a problem though. My husband and I are among those people who don't have FM in their cars. Oh, come on, now listen, I want you out, and a lot of other people, you know, it's not really that expensive. The head for sound advice, their sponsor vars this weekend, and go in and say, look, I don't have a ton of money to spend, but, you know, just an inexpensive radio and in the now a couple hours, you have all set, probably an hour. How much have we talked in here? Well, I'm not selling them for them, but you know, it's not that much. What, couple hundred hundred bucks for a real cheapie? I guess would be a hundred and fifty for a real cheapo, yeah. But it's not worth it to put in my car. It isn't. My car is about to die. Oh, or then buy in a car. Well, wait a minute. Tell me, ask you this question. How about if she just had an AMFM affordable radio in a car? I think FAM is very difficult. But I think FM will come in on that. I'm not talking about a walkman because it's illegal to wear those even a lot of these morons do. But I'm just talking about a radio you can sit on the seat. That we've got one. We have to get another one. Sure. Yeah. There's no problem. FM will come in the car or, and that's real chaz FM is line of sight. Yeah. I got to tell you, I think I have one of your youngest fans. My five-year-old daughter loves to listen to your show. Great. When we're in the car, he loves that joe song. Really? And he loves the other song. I'm just going to say. Uh-huh. And I just want to ask you one more thing. I want to know when they're going to put something decent on for the AM drive time. Something to listen to in my car if I don't get an FM radio. Well, she misses all the FM. Oh, no, no. No, you just, you've just got to get the FM radio Trust me. Yeah. I mean, you don't have any. It's 1987. Yeah. I mean, you've got to come in. Hi, I'm here in some but don't you think you need to put something good on the AM drive time? What do you mean in a morning? Yeah. No, it's not not what you want. Well, listen, if you want some laughs. Well, what about putting Jay Michael home? Six to ten. Well, you'd have to discuss that with him. He'll be on Saturday morning, six to ten. And I'm sure he'll have to regret that. Yeah. I used to listen to him on B.S.S. Yeah. He's good. Yeah. He's got a lot of B.S. One more thing. I got to go. But I've been hearing a lot about this I-95 song. And I've only been listening to you for about six weeks. So I never heard it. Well, you allowed to put that on anymore. No, no, no. They came down from Portland, Maine and they specifically, they were yanked out. They did a lobotomy on the building and they yanked it out. You don't have it. No. Is it clear they took it out of your building? Well, out of this room, anyway. Great. All right. Thanks a lot. Congratulations on your move. I hope I get an FM radio. I don't miss two months. Please. Love you, so. Thanks a lot. Bye. Two requests for that to sour. That's what's right. The I-95 song. That's the second request to sour. Well, I'll tell you what. If you're really desperate, there is one guy in town playing it. But we're not going to tell you who that worth it. It's, you know, it's old material by now. It's rehashed, we've played it about four million turns out. And if you're really desperate to get it, I have a feeling it's on that cassette tape. It is on the tape tape tape. If you want to have it not just here at once, but have it for your own. Send the bird to watch it. I walk into that one. Just send the bird to cassette and I'll tell you why. I'm not going to find it with that record. Just send it to hard. I must be asleep. Or Droid WZTA Miami. Free 3055. Thank you. I'm self-adressed envelope. There's no charge. And he'll be more than delighted to make you a dub. And that records on there along with all these other. And speaking of the bird. Excuse me, is this a pet shop? What is this? I say pet shop. Then it must be a pet shop. How can I help you? I want to get a dog for my wife. Oh, sorry. No trades. You have any blood hounds? Sure. Pete here is a blood hounds. Oh, look at blood hounds. Lead for the man Pete. I also heard something about the thing called pep care. Oh, it's great. Pet care will take care of virtually all your animals that are in their expenses and replace him with one surprising, the affordable animal payment. Oh, yeah. I'm not just 130. Eight minutes till one at WI and Z. The last hour and eight minutes. The Neo Roger show on wins moving month, Monday to a morning. Sun Z4 94.9 on FM on the through Friday 6 to 10 AM. Did I leave it? I can A M. No morning on the FM. On FM. Yeah. You got to be very clear. You should not have done run now. Now it's all over right now. We confused him FM on AM. Well, we've been doing FM on AM for the last year. Oh, that's true. That's very true. Look at this Charlie Kindle's on the phone. Hi Charlie. How you doing? How are you? Good. How are you? Good. Oh, no. This is just from Kindle. Oh, oh. Oh, my heart. Yeah. I mean, you got green nervous. Good. What's up? I've been listening for about 10 years. This is first time I've ever called you. Really? Because the last day I got a call. So I saw what does name Howard Stern last night in David Letterman. Yeah. And he wasn't too bad. I never seen him before. But he was all right. He talked about when he got thrown off of the late. Oh, my Fox. Yeah. We're inferring that they had something to do with Edgar Rosenberg's death. Yeah. So going to have it. He said something about it. He. Yeah, obviously. Let me said something to Richard on Fox. Yeah. He did that tasteful thing about the genre of his husband. Oh, my God. And they said that they, they needed him in the dressing room or something and they never appeared again. They wished him away or something. Yeah. It physically removed. Did they really on camera? Well, that's no. That's what he. I love it. I told you the world was not ready for Howard. Only in New York. When on New York is a different world all again, but not not here. They only believed one thing he said, but I really don't know what he said. Yeah. I'd like to find out. I'm a good lip reader. I guarantee you know it. Knowing his material. I'm able to. Yeah. So I'm glad you're going on that. Because we can't get M where I work. Right. At the southeast financial centers. Oh, no. Not a chance. Oh, unfortunately, the only one we get is IOT. Oh, well, I guarantee you the FM will really penetrate. We're going to be some strong penetration into all of those buildings for Marcy. It's about time. Yeah. Trust me. I was wondering if I could do an impersonation of the bird for you. Please. Great. My mom says I sound just like them. Okay. Very good. Well, you sound like somebody in the nest, maybe not know the big bird, but like a little bird. I have to keep working on it. Okay. You work on it. I congratulate you. Thanks a lot. Oh, it's a lie. I am not a Nazi. Daisy. Hello. Davy. Oh, don't tell me. Davy hung up. That's me. That's you. Are you in Davy? Yes. Ivan Davy. Okay. Well, we probably take a little nap. Mm-hmm. Hey, I'd cheer up. Call. Waiting for the cows to come home. Oh, yeah. Uh, see. I've been listening to you. Uh, is that for me? Uh, that. Uh, I'm sorry. I've been listening to you for good and maybe. Uh-huh. I'm a competing station and you had the dating program. Oh, yeah. So, that's good. So you bet it was. We had a lot of fun. We married 38 couples. That's right. And then and then some very nasty rumors dotted flying around. The station couldn't handle the rumors. I don't mention what they are because I don't think it's my place. But you mentioned themselves several times. And you're a bad station that came to this station. And someone took over the dating program. Wait a minute. Could the rumors have had anything to do with the closet? Yes. Very much so. Yeah. And I don't know how many listeners out there remember all of those, all of those things. I don't even know what you're talking about. You don't know. He said there were rumors started to fly around the station. Yeah. Something about you uh, stepping out of some closet or things. There were papers and the whole community was up in arms. I mean these nasty things on this show. I don't know. I don't know. I'm talking over and uh, there were no rumors about him. And of course the show very quickly degenerated into a the kiki hour. Oh yeah. That was the sticky hour. Yeah. I'm over that. And one day it just disappeared. Yeah. I like that dating show they did on Fridays for words. There's a beer here. Oh my god. And they would not even, as they would cut people that mentioned it. Yeah. It even came on and said a question. Why don't you bring that back? What? The dating show? No way. Well, I don't want to say no way. We'll see what happens. Does that might be big on FM? In any case, no, no, no. The thing that real thing I want to tell you besides to. For a moment you for your many years of service to the community. And we're still a more positive people like you around. In any case, I want you to know that in credible. I'm a cult greedy. There's a lot of cult greens over the years. You know, the hench, the hench, the hench, the grab from San Chay. Oh yeah. The drug brother's grip. Yeah. And the response to him credible. Yeah. Of course, un. He's evil. Hey, I got news for going to not make it to say we're going to have a whole bunch of buttons made up. Yeah. For Zeta 4, their black buttons with yellow lettering and says, unbelievable Zeta 4. Yeah. But the thing is that that the, that you and people did not reply right. I mean, they're out. There's not, there's not the inwards anymore. I experienced that me the other day. I found this girl. She was in credible. Yeah. 36 24 38 gorgeous bonding or blue eyes. We had this great time. We come back to my apartment, turn the lights down low, put on the soft music, get her on the couch, get her brown soft. I get her brown off. I'm just used to perfect breastening that I look at her license. Yeah. Incredible. And she looks at me just like. And that was the end of that. I just thinking feeling the my stomach. I look like this. Incredible. Yeah. What's it like? It's a special thing. There's a one more chance. So look, I said, un, unbelievable. I think you better do anything. I added it back a bra. Yep. Right. Right. Oh, I mean, I don't cry with these. Excellent. Good choice, my friend. But please keep up the good work. You see, you can bring back the dating show. Yeah. I mean, just because one guy ruined it doesn't have to disappear. Okay. Not like there's a lot of people out there that still remember that. I would to job you were doing. Okay. We'll give it some heavy thought. I'll read the church. Thank you. Okay. Well, look at that. What a great piece of timing that was John Freeman's Dandy by with some more of those miraculous headlines that have made WIN Z. The great news statement that it is. Until Monday morning, world news from TVS at the top of the hour, then when we come back at 106, it's the final hour of the day Roger show on WIN Z AM. We'd like to ask everyone to stop putting an S on the end of Stan Major's name. One Stan Major is all we can handle. WIN Z, I am a fourth letter Dale. WIN Z, I'm the real one. WIN Z, I'm the real one. WIN Z, I'm the real one. Why are you here for letting me go and make a play to home game? Let me speak just for a letter of plane. Alright! I'm on the wheel of fucking game. I just love that sound. I'm in the forest round. Hey, banana! Pick me a letter. No, the turn! Hey, fast, lose it! I'm a pain, feel alone. No one's out with me better than dream of all you all right. That is all for pain. Now, now I don't need to stare at you. Where ain't got your way? I can't meet you, but... Anyway! I don't fear how much money I got to spend. Time's time to lose that bad day. Jack again. Won't throw in the thousandst in life by your powers. Over now, pick me a letter. Please, banana! Pick me a letter. Alright! I'm on the wheel of fucking game. I'll be dead if I get them up and go. I'll be right there if it's my day. I'm just a little bit man. Alright, I'll take this profile. The blender, the microwave, the refrigerator. Hey, man, pop, what do you mean? 500 times a crock, lock in my five and quarter for TV set. You got this, stop man. My brother, I'm not gonna get for your whole stay. Give me a money, I'll buy the TV set, man. Alright? Hey, man, it's a lot of money. Hey, man, it's a lot of money. This is really a watch of yourself. This is your brain. Any question? Ooh, why don't I have a WINZ? We're back. This is our final... Let's see, we got... What are you trying to control yourself? You know, we were just over at the FM and Gondri's on. And... Ooh, Jeff Gondri? Oh, yeah, I remember, honey, he said that there's a guy who's already been calling today. He wants Jeff to put him on hold so he can be your first caller on Monday morning. That's true. Yeah, well, that's our crowd. You know, they've got full and rich lives. I mean, do any questions about that? And of course, some of us will be at the melting pot. Sometime this weekend, and you, oh, we've had a lot of great comments about that too. Yeah, and I'm salivating. I'm really getting ready. Are you going to be there with Sharon tonight? Do you have anything to do with Sharon? You know, it's still not too late. By the way, the work you out of that show, do a stand-up. Max is arranging all the mics and all the furniture in there. Okay, let's take some calls here. You're part of history being made now, ladies and gentlemen. Fifty minutes in counting. Mm-hmm. Or... Like, uh... Miami, hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, hey, here we are. First time calling. Long time, Leslie. Uh-uh. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha. I haven't called you in about a year. Yeah. Thank you. I know this is. Probably it comes for our success. Oh. You're not saying I was a colonic regular. No, I think chronic irregular would be a better. Ha-ha-ha. Now, I haven't called you since you've gone on days. How come? Why? Well, you know, it's during the day. Yeah, okay. Yeah. You know, some of us have to work. Oh, no. In other words, he's warning us that now that we're going to be on in the morning. Look out. I'm going to call you every day twice a day. No. Ha-ha-ha. Are you the guy who called Gondra when the beef put on holes today? Oh, no, no. I must admit that was a pretty good idea. Yeah. I want to tell you the truth. You've been doing an absolutely super job. Both of you. Yeah, we believe it. Yeah. But see, I wasn't one of these. She always say, Neil Rogers, Virgin, you know, the just the governor during the day. Yeah, well, there are a lot of people who think that I just, you know, just hatched out of an egg or something here and don't realize I've been, you know, putting up with crap in this market for years for 12 years. I started to listen to you in 1979 or what's that like eight years? Yeah, too long. It's too long. No. Let me ask your question. Ask me anything. All right. Where do you get? Like that. Do that. Dr. Irving. Page check thing. Is it done for you? Is that part of an album? That particular one came out of New York from the American Comedy Network. Huh. But we have stuff that comes from everywhere. I mean, we got a lot of very creative listeners and we have other talent in the market that did some of this stuff. It's from everywhere. So like it comes out of the sky. Pledge them. Yeah. Did you see you were on the news last night? Yes, we did. Brandt Bishop. And never looked butcher was great. She's a good looking handsome. I would say. She's a very handsome guy. I'm later. He's a very handsome guy. Later. He's a. Now I just wanted to call you. You know, because I hadn't. I hadn't called you since you were on nice days. And so yes, I think you're, you know, I've enjoyed it now. I'm working for a little listening to you on FM. Excellent. Well, you're a let's see. What are the number 29 I've been so well. I don't want to know. Oh, now what now? When are you on? You're just on Monday for. Yeah, just this Monday for about five minutes. Just to see what it sounds like. You're doing your regular show. I said you got it. All right. All right. Well, thank you very much. Okay, talk to you next year. Okay. Bye bye. It was interesting to see and talk about you last night. Was it? Did you enjoy it? I didn't see the 11 o'clock. I saw the six o'clock. And I don't even, I guess I was on there. I think saw the 11 o'clock. I didn't see the six o'clock. Well, even's it's a little bit. Funny about life. South Miami. Hello. Hey. I'm turn. I'm two today. I want to address the bird. Okay. Take a look on the bird. It first. You know, like many, I found you to be a bit of a irritant. To say the least. But every week, so slowly, you can't put your wings on her heart. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Finally. Yeah. It's sort of put you over the top. Great. So to speak. You've got a battery for you when show around back. You seem to be on the old as well. I did. A couple of days there. Yeah. You were just, uh. You had a habit of opening up his mail. You were losing. What? It would not only opening up the mail here. But he was becoming obsessed with it. Anyway, The tinkering with it and shuffling it around. I just, uh, making a mess. No, I'm glad you're coming to the FM. Thank you. I am too. Yeah. I went to the church. I could throw the other way. Well, wait. But before you go into that, there is, I'm not sure which restaurant it is. But an honor of our new morning show. They're one of the, uh, fine gourmet restaurants. And Thomas added new item on the menu. It's called. Veal and the bird. Ha ha ha. That was tasty. What the heck is the video? Okay. So you saw the hit you? Yeah. I'm the keychain guy by the way. Oh. Anyway, I started your journey. Uh, blast from the past. Ever. What? What, what, the refresher memories you've seen about the keychain. What did you do? Is it E. Your Gold Keychain? Oh, yeah. Okay. Now I got you. We, from South, date. I'm running. Yeah. Okay. Now I got to the question. Now I know why this guy watched the P. I'm a sound. Go ahead. Listen for the bird. Yes. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. I did. Well wait a minute. Is this going to be a movie review like? No, no. Everybody. When Rutgers and custody have a place for? Yes. Um. A met dude. A what was it? What's the question sir? I can't remember. The music that was played in that scene. Oh, you coming to you coming to himself as you. Oh, I can't remember. I'm a blue. So you could have gone to keychain if you got me. What was it? What was the answer? On a name of the tune. I know what it was. My mind needs to haunt the transformer kids. What is it? I have, I'm has crazy. Offered on the level of you. I have to ask. Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm not around. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Half-cree. Well, I think whatever comes before that is the name of the song. Yeah, right exactly. Yeah. Oh, Daisy. Something about Daisy? Mm-hmm. A bomb, a bomb, a bicycle bill for dice. No, that, that. See what I said, anything. You go along with it. Oh, that's a bicycle bill. No. I'm have crazy. I think so. Yeah, but not bicycle bill for two. Oh. It's a similar. Yeah. I think there's a burden there. Similar tune. Good. Yes sir. When you meet a lady and she's got a mole on her face. And as you get to know her, she comes more and more attractive. As you get to know her and lighter. And then that mole sort of becomes a beauty mark. I'm kind of how you are. Oh, I see. Well, you'll be interested to know sir that it was one year ago that they fired me at my previous radius. I thought that was yesterday. Well, yesterday was the day. Today is the date. October 10th. It was last October 10th. It fired me. And it was the best thing that ever happened. Absolutely. They couldn't deal with me over there. They just couldn't take it. We've learned to see. Nice edition. Yes. Thank you very much. Have a wonderful life. Okay. It's a good time. It's a great taste. Yeah. Neal, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Okay. 117 at WI and Z. That is not the song that he harms during that scene. We're working up at the F. Crazy. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Now we're beginning to sound like they're like those guys on it. Just we heard moments ago. They seem to wet. Like in the shower. They seem to gather those two. That's what they are. Look out. They go in that cruise and then I'm like, oh yeah. I'm in the straining. But they're all. They're everywhere together. I mean, everywhere. Can't get enough of each other. Evidently. Yeah. Margie. Hello. How you doing? Good. Fine. All right. I'm the first time calling Neil. Does that bug you when something you try to remember something and somebody plants the seed and you just can't remember it. Yeah. And it drives you nuts. Absolutely. I wanted to be in the last hour. A couple questions for you. I'm by someone. That's a dead. Go ahead. Give me a Joey Reynolds update. I mean, where's the skydiving? It's the actual hour. She's walking in the York. I think just to the east of Buffalo on Route 5 and 20, sir. Can't you see? Huh? Has he been canned? What? That's he been canned? He just got here. I know. But he's still. I always hear he's talking about him. Didn't hit in the road. I wanted to be tapping here. Well, I do know that he bought a house. But the rumor is he hasn't unpacked. Okay. I'm the next thing. I don't know if you can remember back away. But the guy that's being pain-replating on IOD. He even do it better than their guy. Mike Miller. Well, he's in West Palm Beach. Mike Miller? Yeah. He's getting better rating for him. Because he would know. No. He doesn't see one done. As a matter of fact, interesting. You should ask that. Because among all the other crap that Mark left me here, the numbers going back all year as a matter of all. For all the day parts. I mean, he left me everything. You know, I'd like to see that. And let's see. 3 to 7 p.m. Here it is. WIOD. Like. And the afternoon. Yeah. Okay. Like April May and June. That's it. They had a 3.1. Okay. Mike Miller. Okay. Most of that is Mike Miller. Steve came on a year like, what? June 8. June 8. So most of that is Mike though. Then they went down to a 2-8. 2-9. And now the full book. A 2-6. So he's gone down a half a point in just like three months. It's great. I hate the guy. Yeah. He's a real pompous ass. No talent goofballers. He's a self-inegle that's bigger than the whole community. And he's never had a number. He's never had a giant audience. He's never had a big following. And he's just a great BS artist. You know, he's done this great con job. And more power to him. If they're dumb enough to pay him that kind of money. And to think that he's going to really build him an audience. You know, it's typical. They're just a bunch of morons. I said the other day what he made out. Listen to him much because I don't like him. But he said he makes 600 grand. Well, that's for three years. Oh, now he's got these combined in earlier. Yeah. Yeah. That was a maze. I like the guy Mike Miller. That's the first. Well, let me just say this to you. The audience is not interested in how much the talent is making. Their interest in whether the show is good. I'm a show staff. And the show does still have excellent words. Stank is exactly what I was thinking of. You know, I listened to Mike Miller. He was the first. I am guy I listened to and I drank him off. Yeah. And I worked when you have your show. But during my one-half hour I listened. Well, that means you'll be listening more in the morning again. All right. And then I listened to Stan and he afternoon. But I think you guys are absolutely great. I never thought after turn on FM again, but it'll go on Monday morning. Thanks a lot. You have a good one now too. Good light. Okay. Great. Good call. Yeah. Great Americans. It's a good time. Get him out of here. Will you please? I'm sorry, Donald. There's no room for you in this studio. Like Marcus. Yeah. He's auditioning. Broke his heart. They were trying to auction him off. I think it was yesterday morning. They were trying to sell him. When they got up to a buck and a half, they quit. They gave up. Remember the big switch they wanted to do. Have me come over there. Yeah. Let's take a break. And this is our, let's see, second to last break. Right. I am on the Neil Rogers Show in WINZ. July. I am not. I'm not saying. Okay. 124 WINZ. We have a celebrity call standing by. Hello. That was a nice lead in. Well, that's why we played it for you Rick. Oh, I knew. This is Rick of Rick and Spod. Rick and Spod. On WACC, you 105.9. And we congratulate you on a sensational summer book. Well, thank you. And likewise. Well, thank you. And listen. And I, if I sound tired, we've been working really hard. I heard that you wanted us to contribute some stuff for your show. We finally got some stuff done. The hardest part was working 94 INZ every day. But we finally got it done. And I can make it already time. Excellent. We'll just take the 94 INZ out. We'll just to splice that out. Put in Zeta. That was a funny part. Yeah. Well, you get on and you start saying these things and playing those songs that you play. We have the lyrics that are in there. If you die, it's shocking. I know. Well, listen, I'm not going to be able to listen to anymore. How come? I don't have it out there. Okay. Well, that's a good excuse. I don't either as a matter of fact. But I might spring for it. If they give me the contract I'm looking for, I can probably get a Sony Walkman. Listen, they all want to tell you seriously. Please. First of all, I'm serious. Okay. You've to listen to you in the office when we get off the air every day. I'll bet. I have a voice activated fish. I might laugh. And if we adjusted it just right, when it's laugh would make the fish wiggle. Excellent. I do it is good for something. I have that serious. We've been trying to figure out what we're going to miss that. Great. But I want to tell you, you're a great personality. I've enjoyed listening to you. That's why I wanted to get ahold of you when we first came down here because we used to work over in Zeta's soda at the same time. Yeah. But that's what things are getting kind of sick. We just kind of stood back and watched, but you're a tremendous catalyst and do your extremely articulate, very smart and it's been very enjoyable. And we're really going to miss you. Thank you. Well, listen, I know we're going to see there. Those of us who can be a little bit civilized in the morning. We don't have to be hostile with each other. And of course, there's the other fact. Which we don't want to mention a name. But they're able to figure it out. Welcome to the Bate Tank. Okay. All right. Thanks Rick. Good luck. Good luck. Okay. Well, listen, we really made it now. Rick and Spuds from Waxi 101. I'll tell you this. We're not paranoid. We, uh, there's enough to share out there for everybody. Because we were going to take about half of their 25 or 54. I think it was nice. They had a great book. They really did. The whole station had a good. See, we don't come on and say, like, we're the only station in America, the only station in the market. You know, so we're addicted. Give credit. We're credit. We will be after Monday. No. We just, we don't believe in that. I think a Tanner will continue climbing and sunny will continue, you know, whatever everyone's doing. Yeah. And the Rick and Spuds will continue doing very well. And, um, you know, will continue over Donald and the happy relationship. And, uh, I know. And then there's that other show. And, uh, but we left out our friends at how 105. And I don't want to leave them out because they really are good. Yeah. And, uh, Scarler. Yeah. I remember their names. You made them progress. Well, you were so rude to him that day. Oh, oh. Ha ha ha. Give me. Jim Skyler, who wrote it out for you, phonetically. Tyler, like, rubber, spatter. What did I do with that? Well, that's going to make it over to F. And the Gerbert Hayson. Oh, I knew Syria's the course. That could be one of our first things. Our first call. Here it is. Ladies and gentlemen. Speak to me. Come on. Hey, bud. Yeah. I think that you drive the blue and gray coop. Because I saw you again. And it's not once. But now it's twice. And you'll watch me on the air. Oh, well. Oh, we still went there too. Constantly. And it constantly is a few that same old videos stored over there by Gerbert. Mm. You better watch out. You better watch out. You better watch out. Yeah. You're off for a touch. You can't have not just in your show. I wonder what they were. Okay. Come on. Come on. You can't see the first letter. I heard the S. But all it starts with an S. Yeah. I think you wanted to say that my show was a hit. Yeah. Yeah. Just one of those runaway S's got caught up in the tape. And it was added onto the word. But then yeah. I'm sure that's what it is. I'm sure it was just an accident. For a modern nail. Hello. Nobody there. I can tell by that wicked click. There is a wicked click that hangs out in for a lot of a deal by the way. Tamara. Hello. How you doing? Fine. Yeah. Is that his audience share his IQ or his penis size? Oh. Just by coincidence it came out identical. Isn't that something? Yeah. Just a coincidence. Across the board. Across the board. This is. First of all. Listen. I don't want to tell you where the decimal point is. But that's another. The monumental call. Okay. I'm sorry. The last time Stan gets ripped on your AM set. Oh come on. He's coming into work right now. He's in a great mood. I get it in before he comes home. I'm getting ready for some among Parmesan and he's, you know, got a great excellent book. I know. So it won't hurt him. Okay. Well don't be too nasty. I just want to say those people have ripped Glenn for his last for months should hang their heads in shame. Right. Did you hear Stan yesterday? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Unbelievable. You mean that forced fake laugh of stealing? He knows it. He just can't help himself. Yeah. I saw you on the 6 o'clock news. And just as you spoke, look who walked in the door. Well, I'm telling you our timing today has been phenomenal. Hi. The Zeta shirt. I doesn't like your fake last stand. I love your last. I said, butcher up. Neal. Yeah. On the news yesterday. What is with the cigar? I got one right here. Well when you hang around Stan, you have to have a cigar. So you can choke a lot. Please when you're on the air. Keep those long hard things away from your mouth. I'll try. I'll try. Well, what a dreamer this guy is. Yeah, boy. Okay. Have a wonderful life, sir. Okay, Neil. I'll take it to you, fellow. Oh, wait. There's one of my dad's songs. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. I'm so okay. And let's take a bite. Hmm. And now we have this beer. And so I'll take my final name, call this. My friends. I'll say I'm queer. But I just wish I was a little taller. I've made a life of both. And now I'm going down the hallway. I'll do it my dear way. Unbelievable Elvis. Yeah, no more time. It's more. You knew. When I been old, my palm was y'all and I could use. But we know. When both was down, I saw Jimmy's face and spit it out. I was just old. But I'm still small. Oh, Elvis. Oh, Elvis. He got a lot of the blaze of glory or what? That was a classic. Great. And here you're probably sleeping. I had two women this morning. You would have just saw a hold on the floor. Two out of three. There was one same guy in between. And a woman touch he was calling. Treyline and I would. It was. She kept calling me. Dug. It was great. The other woman. I want to know where to find me on the FN. They were sensational. And now what is this? He's the one who says he's the ultimate mobile car. Where the hell is he? Always on this line. Hello. Head. Head. Mobile. Are they key? He is the open place. Yeah. Head. Wrong state listing guy. Who do you? You're listening to Prey. He's great. That's not the cell. Come on, Ed. No. No. No. No. Nothing works. Okay. We'll have to go back on hold. I got him on hold now. 35 cents a minute. Let's stand. No. There's something going on over there. Ed's. Okay. Now this one says now the calls are coming more bizarre as we're running out of. It says Mr. Tinkler. Hello. Is this Glenn Tinker? This is a Tinkler. You're about how you doing. Okay. I want to thank you for the switch. Tom Tham. Tinkler will take a little start. Hey. We all know what we are. Right? We wonder what you are. Listen. I can finally be up early in the morning in these days. You can finally bring up to what I am looking for. I just bought my AMSM Sony Clock Radio. Wow. We have a new slogan by the way. The morning show on Zader for all the Jeft Striker fans. Get up in the morning with Neil. I have to never want to with Neil. That's it. You just sit in Neil. What was that fun? You were trying to remember Daisy. Daisy. Daisy. How did you garden grown? No, that's a good. But doesn't it sound like bicycle bill for two? Yeah, it's a good way. I'm happy crazy. Oh, I'm a little bit old. Oh, I'm a little bit old. Oh, I'm a little bit old. Oh, I'm a little bit old. Okay, sir. Listen, the music doesn't start till Monday. Okay. Oh, what is bicycle bill for two? I think you got that right in there, Nio. Oh, okay. Another song. That doesn't know. This is Nio. Side, once a year or five walks or another. What? I got one for you to call your tomorrow on the turf. Oh, really? In what race? Nine, five. Four. Ball ski star again, huh? What's your going to be about? Three to five? I don't know. No, because there's some more speed in the race, but go to the perspective. Who's riding in Baltazar? No, so do. Oh, Santiago, huh? What's his story lately? I don't know. Hey, it's been a tough need, then we tell you. Trust me, I haven't been there in the least three weeks. And I would like to. You're going to go tomorrow, one more time, at least I wanted to let you know. Well, I'll give it a shot. Okay, I'll see if I get any shirts left to sell. I'll start it, right? Okay. Anyway, Rucca, my wife and frightened me. She says that she wants to see Joan London in the morning. I said, well, we're at the turn of TV down real low. Yeah. I'm finally going to give you a case of Nio. So to speak. Yeah, sort of speak. Nice. Stand just Nio. Okay. Have a wonderful morning, sir. I can't do it with your Monday. Okay. Thank you. I'll read the dirt. Okay, so those of you who may have missed it a little earlier on, not so I can't believe I did that. But I put it away. Are you ripping off all the carts? Is that what all these things are not all of them? Just the ones you see and the ones I get to live. I'm not going to have anything to do with them. Yeah, right. You dumb anything you like. Anything you like my opioid friend. Exactly the response you predicted. Good. Lower immediate paranoid. You know, I've been all my done John. We're even in your body. No, I've been. I've been. They're not listening to me now. I've been raving about his ratings all morning long. I made my bonus, by the way. Of course you made your bonus. Well, you can say congratulations. Not of course. Been raving about his ratings. And in fact, that a four one in the afternoon driving this market is a gigantic number. I saw an addition to which if you take out the six o'clock hour and two, the probably have about a four eight. That's right. So that's the highest number. I think an afternoon drive since Jerry Williams left. Well, that's right. They're really seriously. And that's seven years ago three to seven. So two there weren't as many stations on here when Jerry was here. Not to take anything away from Jerry, but he had a five six. But of course it's all over a Monday. Oh, yeah. Get that Reathbag here, Steve O. Steve, what happened, baby? Oh, the fun begins. Do you need the fun begins? Yeah. Remember that? Fun begins. You two do the 30th on the market in timeless. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. Two breaks. That's right. They wrote one in. So I'm sorry. I lied to you. We have two more breaks. So let's do one now. And then we'll do a big build up for the last break. It's 138 on the 136 on wins. Okay. Now listen, granted on Monday morning. We're going to be over on FM and Z4 94.9 6 to 10 a.m. Monday, two Friday. We just want to keep repeating that because we know that once we leave, this side of the building will never get another mention. That's not true. Like a AM is going to be doing something really big starting Monday morning at 5 30. So those of you really early risers who want to get into a good mood have a few Chuckles before you turn over to Zeta. Here's a little preview again. Okay. I won't try one. I'm just going to tell you. I'm going to try another program director. I'm going to have a good time with you. I'm going to try another program director. I'm going to have a good time with you. I'm going to try another program director. Now let's go. Roddy News on Wednesday. Newzing with class. Under is long as I live, I will never forget that rocking with class for that was on the longer bullet, you know, rocking with class. 95, yeah, I am Z. Losing with class. Well, failing desperately with class. That's what I used to work on the. I'm going to do the Bahamas. No, actually we had a call earlier and he said that he can hear the FM in the Bahamas. Really? So I guess depending on which point they live in, some of them hear it. Well, somebody could pick it up on their side like. Sure. Listen, we don't want the Bahamas. Okay. You can have that you have a lot of fans. Yeah. Good luck to them. You know, you have the Bahamas and you're very big done. I remember having a run. Just stay in major voodoo dollars in black wood. You're very important to them down there. Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to make a few final remarks, Neil. Okay. Okay. The honors and our management of WID were absent when they passed out brain matter. Excellent comments. The next I'd like to say that I also offer my sympathy to you as you will be on the weakest power Transmanic stations. A restaurant pre-configurations in this area. It's a good one. Go ahead, sir. I have tried it out on three different radios. The GE, a magnabox and an emerson. And I'm very sorry. Well, I'd like to have with some batteries in them. I've got a buy new radio till I really get to get you in strong. And they're one of the say that I hope that when you bring Zeta up from the Doldrums, so they're 1.2 and 1.4 ratings. Yes. That they will increase their transmitting power. When you're talking about their 100,000 watts, they're having a high-rounder click across the highway. Wait a minute. Let me just say this to you that they was a problem on the FM tower and all the FMs are down. They're operating 20% power right now. But tonight they're going to go out and fix it. So if you've done that any time very recently, like today, that's why. Or I see, well, I'm in the area. I guess you're familiar with, you know, the Jocquit tribe, the Kicked tribe, Quay Side 114, this came board of work. All right. Now, we haven't been to Hocquit all different. What was that mean? In other words, we're not 100,000 watts. Well, we are. We're like 2 billion watts. No, they tell me that the signal is just gangbusters. Well, Sally is back. Everybody who comes in, we can Sally. Okay. I wish you the recommended. Thank you. And also, Ray, back to future news. Fast future change to a more productive, salary and a powerful radio station. Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. They don't listen to that. Yeah. Why don't you think that alone? His intentions were good. You know, wishes us the best. Like the lady wants me to go on at nine because it fits your schedule. And we're going to do that. We've got to accommodate everybody. Sure. Okay. Well, we're getting really right out of the nitty gritty. Now, are we 18 till getting nervous? Getting very nervous. The tension is building. Wait till Monday morning. What's that? Well, I have a few. I have a few things I wanted to discuss with you about my mother. By the way, that crap about the phones that I heard is so ridiculous. I've dialed it up. No problem. There are no fast busy. They've, it's a lot better than it used to be. You know, and it is, we said before, you can only talk to one person at a time. Right. Don't, don't flick up. Not because you've got the signal. Yeah. I'm day to numbers. Come out. We're all in a state of view for you. And I hear yesterday I leave here and he's agreeing with all these. Well, there is doom, doom, tears. One thing that you do have to remember. Yeah. Doing morning drive. And I've done it on a talk story. Yes. That you're at length of holding on a much tougher phone. Much less would not be holding on. By lines. We don't need 8 million lines over there. And we're not going to put them on hold. Courage. I'm punch him up. I punch him up when we feel like it. No, we are going to put them on hold. Really? That changed. Oh, okay. I didn't get the word. Oh, by the way, well, until you have to go. You're in the wild. Live by the city of Pennsylvania, Monday, that's why this show is fun. We don't sit down for a pair of things. We had a time. No prep. And do all this stupid little stuff. And lay it all out. We don't do that. Whatever. And who fought? Coconut Grove. Hello. Hi, bud. Hey, bud. Listen, I haven't heard of you guys since I went to a Holland in April. I was going to call you a collectum over there, but I figured you guys wouldn't take it. No chance. Yeah, well. I've grown accustomed to you to your face. To Glenn. I can't stand them in the beginning, but he's okay. He grows on you. Like an enormous tumor. Yeah. I mean, to say what your first song is going to be. Well, we'll have to mull that over this afternoon. We don't want to tip our head. You don't give the competition any. Probably something by Dod Johnson. Yeah, I would think so. I like Dod. He hates the hero. He said, no to well, hero, sir. And I like Dod. He was on berco Avenue filming last night. Yeah. Again? Yeah. Maybe get a haircut? No, no. Same thing. No, Jay is. No, Jay is. No, Jay is. No, Jay is. No, Jay is. Oh, my God. Look at who's upstairs. Like a vulture. Just hover away. Remo, to extricate us from this awful car new boss. I knew boss. Well, he's in for a big surprise. He has an early, they're has he. He's going to be doing Saturday to just sit over here. That's good. And Saturday morning on the end. That would be. I would listen to that. He's going to do the beetle thing on the end. Yeah, he's going to come over here. Breakfast with a beetles. Yeah. Did you hear a call from Rick of Rick and Spuds? Yeah. Excellent. Not a pretty good guy. So just they work for that douche bag. You know. He's not an Nazi. And we certainly acknowledge that. Cool. A little bit to the right little dictatorial for him. But definitely not an Nazi. No question about making no mistake. Not even with a small end. We have never seen well. Okay. So what were you saying? Boy, I lost it now. I'm sorry. Well, we're getting so emotional now toward the end. You know, it's, um, getty. Yeah. I remember listening back around January and you, and you had these all over 80 colors. Yeah. And the same. Welcome to the amazing. How I'm, and want, well, really, unless in the year, I've totally turned the demographic of the station around. I've got these living in, Brewell. I won't say living in Brewell. But a young pinhead's just just just just, engines of them. People have advertising agencies. Soon over. Yes. Well, I can't listen to his often now in the morning. I'll go to school two days a week. So I think we'll have to get up early enough to listen to. Oh, you know, they say that in the beginning. But you'll discover just like to bird. It's contagious and it start us growing on you. reach over turn on the radio and you know reach over your boyfriend's head and turn on the radio oh Glenn you got to come down the Haiti sometime Haiti oh you'd be big down there Haiti's, Haiti's, Cook and Grove oh, Katie's oh Katie's, Katie's in the grove he'll be in Haiti's during do time, trust me what is that? I'm gonna say, how do you what is it? Subbar oh oh boy I don't cut up around I don't get the one you might like this one oh I'm sure you will yeah, what would be the salient feature of this part? okay let me, here's a little hand, Jeff Strikker is dressing up Steve, he's feeding Kate this month okay that's a kind of barit is so you probably get into it okay listen, have a wonderful life regulations and I hope we'll see you off thanks a lot okay now this next one is supposed to be great you're giving it a big build up okay better be hello big build up yes you got a gigantic build up series, this is a good call yeah it's a big good call okay we're waiting okay you remember well you ever watched a channel tan in your city relevant flashbacks yeah okay I'm a Neal Roger splashback good okay you got it there with me a second because I got a cuter stuff here and you know working with a short phone call here so uh well we know we know that well most of our crowd has a short work really notice that right off like subtract few seconds I'm gonna hit it and uh and we'll see what happens okay and I want to act what's burning in the here by the way a cigarette oh boy boy it smells like you got a forest fire well it's a great how did you say it's excellent yeah what is that oh boy sure appreciate that yeah at the Jewish FM oh well if you turn down the job and why you go on that station uh let me tell you something you're a one-walk up the each unit draw a line on the carpeting up there all the way across the place across the line uh that's it yeah well you're all through the room with this aspenters yeah good thanks no I just carry on it's the one kind of building that at all oh but it worked the way excellent sensational you were right at classic thank you and it's up don't hang up on okay yeah come back okay that was uh classic flashback yeah that was a good one oh what April maybe they're eating a lot of curl up there now in fact the bird better watch it they're developing an iphone who's fuzzin under glass let me tell you my prediction here little vulture parmesan go ahead sir uh I think within six months yes gonna be off top FM well people are denying yeah love that mean but we keep hearing that never know over and over they're usually about six months behind anything that makes sense so uh look on we don't want to get our people nervous up there okay they're nervous enough they don't want them to be insecure and pretty okay who is that phone on the floor back there crackin up what? hey who is back in up back there Rick and Spuds they came in this morning to wish us good well let's see have a wonderful life and thanks for the memories yeah have a wonderful life okay oh called news and illusion okay now here comes the exciting moment that we've been waiting for ladies and gentlemen those of you with your gold-impost score cards we're gonna be having to get up earlier our last break now on winsy this is a monumental moment we want you to get out your red pens mark off the last spots and hold your breath the other participation may have to go what do you mean that's what you've been reading all morning your mike's not on that's okay it's still not on one two there's you'll notice the headline o-linda cut now poor linda I know she has to write those wl yf still tops spanish talk rise and you've been reading the song morning and I didn't even know it was in the harrel does I don't get it I assume you did did you think about why no at the same thing in there depressing while Rogers fails yeah not the headline you want to see it fails almost that's what it said yeah right loses loses yeah you talking I get it the thick ally on radio listening cast its sights in slightly different directions this summer says linda easy listing life kept its number one while in the spring English language news talk stations rupor over all spanish language news talked down that trend was reversed in the summer w qba landed in second place with a six five w i and z dropped a third place with a five oh all three c-h r stations were down little bit yeah three a-o r stations gained audience most adult contemporary stations rose most I guess you left love ninety now there it obviously despite its average ratings lost w i and z ratings decline for w i and z's Rogers what kind of a headline is that eight and uh you're a m uh career on the depressing note but uh what that is all way to the earth is by bill Kelly this indicates a leveling off in Rogers popularity following the controversy and predictable leap in ratings he received during the shock radio hey they have early summer yet even a seven point five ratings impressive for a cultural host in this market a bit what this guy knows about radio you can put another fimble i would have had this early i did on the whole show on this jackass he didn't talk to any of this not only didn't talk to anybody unless and to this Rogers moved to w i and z's sister stations eight of four is regarded by the competition is a desperate move to boost data's flagging ratings at the expensive w i and z a m which will surely suffer from Rogers absence oh what a what an article this is what an article what a mung piece of crap couldn't even bother to call anyway you'll Kelly yeah what you know about radio now we're sliding you know i wish wait till we get the break done in September i figured out we had about an eleven share in September the biggest month i've ever had in daytime maybe anybody's had in the modern history of this market in daytime and the reason that went down with seven five is because in June and July was on vacation for three weeks and alineore took us into the toilet for the month in uh July guess what unbelievable what this man knows uh is nothing and they got him writing this column and the middle of the sun sent no like the other guy what's his name on k-t no no no no no no the other idiot the one that writes uh buddy nevin's who doesn't know where we are in the dial memory can put him seven ninety the who I am uh oh this sun sent no i'm gonna tell you just say no to the sun sent no friends but he needs a newspaper in his town you know well that's not anything anyway what is Linda Gunner's specific day part and hourly ratings cannot be confirmed at press of a white-in-she-colleys yesterday we would have given it to her all in mid days the top five were life neorodges joy 101-07 qba and Ellen jaffey on waxy that a great book of it waxy did yeah lucky no no no no no say the lucky yeah yeah they were lucky the kind of kidding and they had a what do they have a four five wow yeah they were up a whole well it's great there's no forget enough in the summertime the music music stations was that then go up and the not talk go down I know figure that I'm telling you I just I still can't believe this I couldn't do it I'm reading it that time for w-I'm saying that you know what this is from the school of wishful thinking and we're all desperate a desperate move to save Zeta Rogers is desperate on and on and on it goes and where it stops nobody knows what's I tell you the print media in this town so bushly gets embarrassing now you know why we thank the miss for Linda and for Tom jika for them we'd really be in trouble Miami likes could be our very last call on w-I-N-Z hello how does this deal to make history I'm just thrilled to be your last call in my first call to you wow I'm just glad to make you one all year's to say thank you and see I want to say is that it really takes a person to have a good summer steam to listen to you because if you have a good summer steam you won't mind so we're taking a poke at you and now and then of course well we all get poked every now and then of course we do we know I wanted to know about not planning I'm a not planning three goals so yeah I missed it did you really what happened Peter's sister is the one that killed him they're trying to make you think is paid but if never the obvious person the Peter's sister was talking about he would still all the jelly donuts from them when they were kids yeah and now you can have all the jelly donuts to herself oh boy that is the primary motive and it's gonna come out in the end that he did it now let me ask you a question was Pat Peterson in the show third day no he was oh good now I feel I feel so relieved because I missed the show no he wasn't it boy I have been so upset okay I wish it had been if I can't wait to wake up with you and then last my way all the way to work excellent and and do well now you do have an FM radio right definitely I know how to find you on the door yeah thanks a lot well let's do no that's she's good because some of our colors don't know where to find it but that's another story well listen that's our last call on w i n z and it's been interesting right it's a lie I am not a not that's what the memo says it's been very interesting years we thank all of our list is for their loyal support and all of those members of the cast waited possible we wish everybody on am a certain amount of success especially from 10 a.m. to midnight not too much in the morning for six to 10 but I have a feeling that I'll kind of you know she gets on level take care of itself we'll take care of itself we'll have a great time and don't forget Monday morning is it on FM Monday am on FM at six o'clock on z at 94.9 and they're gonna be doing all kinds of great things and who knows what evil lurks and the hearts of men right right okay stay to understand because he looks like he's really ready for another one of his favorite Saturday shows you've been listening to the Neil Roger show on w i n z that he's expressed on this program or those of the host guests and callers and are not necessarily those of w i n z they too and as the wins weekend continues with stand major