Now wait a minute, the rumor from the inside is that Sandy was off today because it's pass over, but what does that say about Mike Miller? And Sunny Hirsch and Hank Goldberg. And all the other Jewish people of the Isle of Dreams, I mean, does everybody take over for all take off for all of Passover? That's getting pretty religious now, right? I mean, this isn't exactly a young keeper or a tissue bug. All right, we'll find out the real story for you, Tamara Killow. Yeah, good morning Neil. Hi. Yes, first time called a long time listener. Good. And I happen to be a rarity. I happen to be 30 years old and living in Tamara. We're going to be. I don't know who the other two people are. I don't know if she's one of them or who they are. Because I didn't see the piece the other day, but I have a very good idea who it is. There would have to be cowland fox of W. K. Y. Up there in. Right, yeah, she was on it. She's the one. Yeah, I happen to be from the boss near you and I pick up the station all the time and I listen to her and she is somewhat of a female Howard Stern and some of the stuff that she would get away with. I mean, I was doing college radio at the time when I used to interrupt North and I thought I was bad until I heard her with some of the stuff that she was pulling. And the thing is that she would do stuff like sex surveys over the phone and she doesn't have a dating service called the Fox Hunt, which he tried to have guys on the end and she tried to match them up with people and I know people have tried to get on Mike Miller. You got to be kidding me. I'm not kidding. You make Miller took over bread and he's bought one bread and went over to W. K. Oh, so just think Mike Miller took over your spot in Boston. That's frightening. Okay, I decide I can lighten you on those things. I hope you have a good day, Neil. You too. Thank you. Okay, bye. I'm going to really think about that all day. I don't know. I'm sure that has some Freudian significance, but I'm not exactly sure I know what. Okay, I'm getting an incredible message here on a screen which I'll get into after our next call for a lot of deal. Hello. Hi. How are you? Okay. I got a couple of questions a comment about Crank Call. The other night, I was planning to be there. I was flipping the dial and I couldn't stand listening to Bernard Delster or I'll throw up. So I went to... You weren't listening to Dr. Bernard? Yeah, my friend. Uncle Bernard. Okay. Anyway, if I went to snooves, this is like nine o'clock. And I heard Glenn Hill talking to, I don't even know the name of the host, and talking about who should call in tonight because real flow night, it's always kind of tough. Wait, wait a minute. Let's slow down. This was where what show? I'm not sure what show was. Nine o'clock on Saturday night. On snooves. And you heard Glenn Hill? He called. Oh, this was all. This was Joe, what's his name? I have no idea. Johnson. I didn't listen very long. Joe Johnson. Yeah, you're right. So Glenn Hill called and he says, I think fruit cakes are calling tonight. Yeah. And um, um, this commentator says, oh no, they don't like him around here very much. And what's the story with him? What do you mean what's a story with him? What kind of a question is that? Well, okay. That's like the guy you called from Hailea who knows everybody's, you know, the story of their live. What does that mean? Well, okay. He said it, uh, he can't even be bitten call there. Well, he's having a major war with that station. I mean, they've been in court. They've been in court in the whole the whole nine yards or were there at W. snooves. We don't have any problem with fruit cake as far as I'm concerned. He can call us anytime he wants. Now we have had, I'm not going to say we haven't had problems. There've been times I've been ready to strangle him. But he has evolved. I don't care what Tafi says. He has evolved into a useful rational human being. If I bring call you a couple weeks ago, maybe months ago, and he didn't have a lot to say, but he didn't say something that was worth listening to. Yeah. Well, you know, he's the stuff that he does is harmless. Yeah. But there are some of the other, when you talk about cranks including the one that we finally, uh, de-clod here the other day, some of these people are just chronic lunatics. I mean, they're just, and they just don't, I mean, hundreds and hundreds of times a day. And all they are just the pests who interrupt everything that's going on and drive everybody, not. I mean, there's a big difference between that. I don't, I don't even have a problem with somebody who, who I hit used the word crank, but somebody who does something creative. That's funny. Okay. Okay. But some of these people are far from, funny. Like this jerk from Halea a couple of calls ago. This is a Mitch. Yeah. He's got the same, I mean, he's caught 80 different versions of the same story that always comes back to unboard and I have nothing to do and he's an expert on everybody else's life. And in the meantime, he wouldn't miss a minute. He sits out there and he listens to the radio 20 hours a day. No, absolutely. But thinking of crank call too, I, I was sitting on the beach Saturday afternoon and your last 15 minutes. I was rolling on the sand. I thought it was so funny. I could just wouldn't believe it. I didn't have to tell you. Well, it was the beach to it. Yeah, that was his finale. That was his final bow. Why? I figured that, but what you said Monday morning that that was his final bow. Yeah. One last thing. Did you hear what Mike Miller's going to be talking about this afternoon? Oh, I can't, I can't wait. How to turn a gay straight. He's got a doctor that has a pill that makes your turn straight. I'll tell you one thing. He better pass it around to most of the talk posts. Boy, this market's going to change fast if we got a pill. What he said, he's going to be talking about to a clock. Now all Mike needs to do is take it find another doctor with a pill that makes a boring guy interesting. And he'll really have a show. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to listen to that. I wouldn't miss that for all of my money in a world. And Bill Carter has been saying all day long that Penny's going to be off for the rest of the week. So, Pastor, we're last for her for a four day. I guess. Well, the message that we get now is that Mike Miller is answering the call lines at IOD, which I find bizarre. But I guess, you know, he's auditioning for any job that he can keep. And he's telling everybody that Sandy's just resting for a few days and there's nothing to do with Passover. So, it's real mysterious. Let's put it that way. Yeah, I'm sure she's going to get past right over a couple of weeks. You think so? Yeah. I hope so. Well, I would mean that the cane would be on in the morning probably in Miller and the afternoon. Well, would it be great to have cane on here in the morning? Well, I think she's going to get past over in the couple of Miller at three o'clock in the morning. And what are they going to do in the midday? Dead air? Yeah. Hey, that would be good. Well, when Miller's on, they've already got that. Okay, listen, those be sure and sign those petitions. Oh, yeah. I'll see you later. Bye. Thank you. It's 11, 11, before one. Man, this is turning into a wild show here today. There's no we're getting all kinds of a little tidbits and little rumblings and grumblings. It's like when you start getting bad into gestion. And just in the beginning, you know, your stomach starts to first little rumbles and it, you know, turns into like a male strum. That's incredible. Next call on a mobile phone. Hello. Oh, need a heart you today. Good. How you doing? I'm pretty good. I got a couple of restaurants for you. I'm poker at home. Fine. It's in date County 624. Oh, I'm not. I want to think we have another break to do. Here, we'll come right back. I'm just right now in honor of that show that he's going to be doing if that's true that he's got the guy with a pill, you know, that kind of makes your wrists straightened out. Don't you think we ought to do something for Mike today? Couple's confirmed about. Do see those everything. She covers his tail all morning until he gets there. Well, I guess nobody's going to get wild. I'll say to Glenn, he'll call in on Betty's news. Right. I heard the same call. It was Paul Carson that was a hose. Now I could practically swear that it was not me and he or maybe. What made him say to what Dave knew? Wait a minute, who is Paul Carson is that Johnny's grandson? I don't. I might as well. Well, whoever it is. But he was also on Sunday night from midnight five. Great. That this was not me and they all, though. It sounded very, very much like him. But when he left, because I heard you, I guess the day he was leaving going to Tampa or where we was going. Yeah, he's not even in town. Well, his life, I wish it'd make me a tape of it. That's it. It would just blow me the sleep. I left here in life. Yeah, well, we're thinking of hiring Glenn just to come to come in here and laugh in the background. He just to know he just sounds like the All American boy next door. You know what I'm saying? I really don't know. I never quite thought of it that way, but he sounded the impression that I got when he called was that he was a regular caller to the NBA. Yeah. That's the impression I got. Well, maybe it was Mitch. No, I can. Or Mike. No, Lord. Oh. Yeah, I'm too. The full-time job keeping up with everything and everybody in this said block. I'm right. I don't know. You want to think you're very intelligent. Well, you see, I kind of operate in a vacuum, which is unfortunate, but they, they don't talk very much to me and I avoid them like the plague. And we're having a little meeting here tonight. This is again, little inside stuff. We're having a little talk show meeting. And the reason I'm having the guy from the FCC on Friday on the air. See, I could call him off the air and try to get some kind of clarification, but I want to do it on the air because I want to put it on the record exactly where the FCC sends in what the parameters are in terms of language and in terms of anything as far as what they're concerned about. Well, I don't think that you're, you're listening audience is offended. I don't think, yeah, you've never used any word on your show that I've been alarmed or astonished or shocked or palled about. In fact, I think it's quite humorous. And I think that your management needs to lighten up. Well, forget to lighten up. I think they just have to have a little bit of sense of humor. And I think that they also have to have some intelligence. And I don't, I really don't know who's running the program over there, but I think that if they ever thought of taking you off the air, let's just use this. Oh, but that's not going to happen. But I wouldn't worry about that. You know, all they got to do is if they want to see what's really poor radio is, there's another channel in town that's opposite your time. And I've listened to this person show to and they're terrible. They're terrible. They really are. Which one are we talking about? I think you call him Allen. Oh, Allen, Allen, Allen. Yes, today I reached my ultimate frustration point with that child because he's been doing my stick for seven years and making a very nice income, you know, just repeating my material. And I've always, you know, made fun of it. But it's gotten to the point lately where it's like he's repeating it verbatim. And it's like it's like his show is an appendage to this one. Like we are somehow connected. And it is show at all. It's just incredible. You know, I mean, somewhere along the line, he's got to go out on his own and be his own human being. I mean, the rumor is that even when he passes gas, it's not his own. So there's got to be something wrong there somewhere. I think that to be honest, I think you shouldn't even mention the show because I think by mentioning it, you give him some kind of creedance. Well, listen, I don't think he's worth it. I try to do, you know, good job for everybody in a market. Look at Mike Miller. I mean, here's a guy that nobody would mention. They'd be too embarrassed. And I just keep doing everything in my power so that when he gets canned in a couple of weeks, nobody will say, hey, it was Neil's faulty ripped him. I'm giving him all the publicity I can until I can him. And they're going to believe me. He's the odd man out. Well, I hope that I hope that your management, uh, uh, appreciate you. I really do because I know that I do. And I'm not a, uh, let's talk show listener. This is the first time I'm a 35 year old man. And like I said, I've been construction and I'm driving around and I turn on the radio. Instead of turning on FM and listening to that garbage that they've got on the radio, I'd rather listen to you. And I think that your program's pretty good. I want you to know that you've got a lot of people out here that probably don't call in. But listen to you. I know my mother never calls in and her sister doesn't. But they listen to your program faithfully and every day when I go over to my mother, I'd see her for a few minutes. We have a conversation about your show. And uh, we get quite a bit of a kick about it. And I just hope that your management, uh, smart and double little bit. Okay. I'm going to tell me you sense so I hope they were listening. Okay. Thanks a lot. Yes, sir. Okay. There's my agent. It's 150 at WINZ and we're going to take some more calls here and make the rumor about, um, what's the name Ron Sachs from Channel 10 is going to be doing afternoon drive at WNWS. Man, we got some hot things coming up this week. What? I don't know. It was going to happen before the end of the show. I can't believe it. I just, I just can't believe it. Can we have another hour? Can we take one of Taffy's hours? No way. Huh? No way. No way Jose. Can't do it. Boy, you've been a subject of conversation. I would tell you other hour for just anybody. There was a call. There was a call about me. Uh, there was a rumor started that you had called Paul Cameron. I don't even know who he's I don't even know his news. Never heard the name and, uh, that you were talking about fruit cake or something and then some lady called him and said, it wasn't you, but she loves your laugh. Yeah. And that was about it. It wasn't that exciting. But you know how I try to build you up. Uh, Mark Hughes is going to take my laugh. And so when I'm not here, they'll just play it. You wouldn't do your job. Oh, no, I'll laugh and everything. I said, we were going to pay you to laugh in the background during my show. I think that would be a great idea. Well, I think, of course, he has no sense of humor. And no job. So here I am. I'm going to laugh and do that. Right. Sounds good to me. But to show us almost over Glenn. I just dropped into the, at the last. Oh, you want to get people to set, you know, the colors get up. Some people are laughing for four hours. It would have been great. Better than her. And in the bean with that candle after I told you, I was never impressed by her. But I mean, there nothing. No, they're not funny. And you know, I just, not, I used to work with Skipperman years ago. He's doing warnings. I mean, they may be a great guy. You know, we had to, they had to fire him at love 90. You notice, when I said he may be a great guy, you just kept going right on. So he's not a great guy. Well, they had to fire him. What is it? Kind of a self-serving egotist? Well, he used to, he used to explode blow up and get mad. Really? And they fired him because he threw a cup of coffee into the control room board. Wait a minute, did you hear that? Gosh, you are a coffee into the control room board. And love and got fired? Yeah. I mean, if we could just get him together with the young lady who was to use war equipment, can you imagine what a thing? What a thing? What a thing? All of a sudden. Man, the two of them would have enough caffeine to put everybody together. He'd be genius in South Florida. That would be incredible. Deal and skip together. The deal and skip show. Exactly. Skipping Gail. You heard a skip at Chos. What was it? Chip and Dale. We got Skipping Gail. So we are not even saying I'm starting to list by took one of those pills at Mike Miller's handing out. You're about that. You're going to straighten the world out with pills? Mike Miller? How you doing? Mike's always listening to say hi to Mike. Look at how the blow is pills. And you ought to see his wrist now. Man, it's his limp as a dish right? I can't believe. Oh, this is really a rare treat to have you here on the floor. That place over there, man. They're just all right on the Razor's age over there at IOT. Yeah. And supposedly, another rumor is that Fowler's making the big announcement this week about whoever's replacing him. Whatever his name was. See how quickly they forget? Yeah, see. Oh, yeah. He's had his leaf-allored dried, his tears. Yeah, after Steve came to part it, I heard he was just crying and upset. Was he crushed? Yeah. I think we had a thing for Steve to be which is probably part of the reason that Steve left. I mean, Steve likes doing the tying up. He doesn't like being whipped and all the other stuff with the chain. So he didn't go to Tampa. No, Tampa. I'm not going to Tampa. I'm trying to stay in town and I hear doing some business. I just dropped in to say hi to Wayne. You can be one of the judges. Here's our second entry. I don't have the first one. The first one I have at home. Oh, yep, of course. Like, here's the second entry in our humble mind. Oh, Lord. Oh, my god, did you get any of the young ladies that's just a judge? Do any of those? Did anyone come into such and very red by the way? I know this too. This is what we had in mind folks. There's not a pornographic contact. That kind of looks like the state of Florida there. It's a matter of fact. Yeah, and look at South East Florida. Oh, look at this in a bad shape. It looks like it's never going to be the same again. Can you believe that? Well, what a sick audience I got. I would have to continue the contest. Oh, yeah, we thought that. Oh, we're going to know. This is not the winner. Believe me. This is the winner. So far is at home. But that's an industry. Well, listen, it's really been great seeing you.