Although I'm just an ordinary listener and although he can go from, I can tell you to go from. I give you goose bumps. Yes. What does that mean? That's it. Well, there must be this got to be something a little more like the sound of fingernails scratching on a blackboard gives me goose bumps. Well, I was watching you channel 10 in the day. Yes. And that you can see my name of that guy on channel 10 that night. Who's that the weatherman? Yeah. The guy from the airport. What is this man talking about? I know. I'm from the airport. Yeah. No clue. No clue whatsoever. That's our favorite kind of call folks. And we get a lot of those every day. So that's why it's so enjoyable to be here at Good Old W.I.N.Z. The home of manic depression. Howard. Hi. Hi. Hi. Just I bet you just started ringing a phone, didn't you? Yes, I did. That's because I punched up the wrong button but aren't you lucky. This is out of power. Yes. Hello. You're new. Okay. Good. I just got this. Oh, your voice just dropped there for a minute. Oh boy. Oh, I'm sorry. Try to stay in a higher register. Well, anyway, I just got this. Okay. I'll try and find one. Just shut was wonderful. I know. Well, anyway, I'm a great guy. Okay. I'll try to find a guy. She has a wide garden. I'll try. Bye-bye. Hello. Nail? Yes. This is his ex. I mean, you asked him for a little. Who's that? Yes. Well, I bet you guys have been real busy last few days. Make sure to have a big shot. I'm going bonkers. Yeah. That's my good. Good. Brian and Josh. We're working tonight. Yeah. They wouldn't work both two young studs like that. Wouldn't work both nights on a weekend. No, I give him a night off. Of course. Hey, my new shoes. I don't get bought. You're driving. No, no, no. I hired him. Oh, no. Wait a minute. That's not what I was told. Well, that's the truth. The wife of the owner was in here a couple of, a lot of about 10 days ago. And she took credit. I hired him. She did what? She trained them. She trained them. We don't want. Wait a minute. You know, it's a family show. She's there. No, they came to me for the job. I gave it to them. You hired those wonderful young men. That's right. Well, we certainly have always liked you a lot. Yeah. Now, we want to know what's really been going on in there. Has it really been a pressure situation? No, it's been good. It's been great. But you know, it's easier if I work with one of them because if I work with another girl, then it's like nobody wants to come in and see us. What? Why is that? Because they want to come in and see Brian and Josh. Yeah. You know, I get asked to work during the day. That's my crowd, I guess. I get all the old ladies coming there and they don't want to see me. Well, I heard that there was a real surly couple of nasty ladies from Hollywood and there. Is that right? Yes, yesterday. Yeah. Who claimed that I sent them there. And I want you to know that I don't know them. I disobeyed them and they should only, you know, stew in heaven. They said, you know, I just sent a saying. They should live so long. And they wanted to taste everything, you know, and I gave them a taste. And then they wanted toppings. And then they were bitching about the toppings and how much it cost and that it wasn't enough. Oh, I mean, I was in it for a bit. And if it were for it to begin with. To good thing you don't have sweet and low on the counter. No kidding. Don't you have anything diet, you know? Really? They want something diet and then they end up ordering a three-spook Sunday. Tell me, you give them a little milkshake with arsenic. That's a real diet. Tell them that's a permanent diet. I know. But we love them. Yeah, oh yeah, sure. You just got a smile and keep scooping. They probably came all the way from hell and they'll. So, we, they call up all the time. Where are you located? All right, so Brian is not upset, right? That's the definitive word. No, Brian is cool. He's oblivious. Yeah. No, he knows, I think. He knows what. Yeah, I'm the stand with what's going on. Okay. It's nice to pretend like he does it. Yeah. But he's a good kid. You can say that again. He's very good worker, Helen. Well, Josh is the undiscovered superstar of E. Mac and Bold. Right. He has kind of jealous up for it. Well, he's been with me. He should get a lot more credit because he knows where it's at. And Josh has no death to start at a couple weeks ago. He will imagine that just starting like fresh and all of a sudden becoming a superstar. And in fact, even the CD we're giving away a little later is called the Joshua Tree by you too. I would like that. Would you really? Well, good luck to you, Susanne. Well, thanks. Thanks, Laura. So when, uh, now what's the scheduled tomorrow? Tomorrow. Yeah. Uh, I think Josh and Brian are both working tomorrow night. Oh, boy. Wait, one of them who are working tomorrow night now are still. Wow. You only get to see half of it. That's okay. No, don't say that. That was a terrible thing to say. Although I would settle for that. But that's a terrible thing to say. Okay. Well, listen, we'll be up to see it tomorrow. And just to, you know, to be friendly and come in and not looking for any notoriety or for any superstar status, you know, just to. Well, I've only, you know, I've only been there once when you've come in. Yeah. Well, we've only been there like, um, let's see. Three times. Yeah. Like, Stan and I go up there and just hang out there like a couple of degenerates. Right. We don't know. They're hovering over the place, right? They suit me hover. Yeah. Some of the people I come in must hover. Okay. We'll just kick them out and tell them I told you to do it. Oh, yeah. Okay. We'll see it. Okay. Okay. There she goes. We've just made that whole store into like a legend. And they're all mine. You know, it's frightening. That's for a little scoop of ice cream with some hot fudge and marsh. The whole world is crawling on their hands in these. What's wrong with you, people anyway? Are you desperate? Are you as desperate as Stan and I are? That's the question. I don't think anybody is that desperate. To 11 till noon, 11 minutes before that big door is supposed to swing open and, uh, Mr. Mobile is supposed to come through the door, but don't hold your breath. The man couldn't get up this early in the morning if his life depended upon him. If the young lady from the Tinder box, he'll be here lying right in the middle of the table in the studio. Trust me. He'd be here. Okay. Let's go to date County. Hello. Date County. Okay. Nice talking to you. Have a wonderful life end up here. Date County. Hello. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. Neil has a going. Good. This might get a question about the true off. Yeah. That's not to get off the subject of email. No, no, that's all right. We've beaten that in the ground. Okay. Good. We'll be distant to the ground a little while. Okay. The question is for what? Is this Latin for this post-acallot? Yeah. I think this maybe should have one that only Americans are allowed to, uh, You mean, it's, we should be non-discriminatory. Well, I felt it wouldn't be any contest because it, it would be like asking Gentiles to say, Hutspa, you know, We're, uh, Trilling is a particularly Hispanic kind of a talent. And most of us non-lattens can't say, Carroyo, you know, we just, I have a particular thing about that. Well, as I have a very talented tongue. Carroyo. My bad. Not bad, yeah. Not major league, but, you know, maybe triple it. Well, how long is major league? That's what I want to know. Well, I don't want to get into that. What is the contract? I think you'd have to talk to Jeff Stryker about that. I forgot who I was talking to. I know. I'm sorry. You know, you know, my mind keeps reverting back to my primitive origins. Yeah. Yeah. I can see that. My early pre-pubescent thoughts, you know. Well, one other thing, I want to commend you of being the nicer one of the, of you and Stan. Well, I'm trying, you know, when I stay over on his show, I discover how truly nasty he is. I mean, he gets, it's a very nice people calling on about, and, you know, help, especially if they're not female, if they're female, he'll keep him on forever, even if they're morons, you know. Two, two, because that one guy called yesterday, who was on the mobile phone, and just, he probably didn't mention that he had been waiting a long time. Yeah, I mean, bloom right off. Boom right off. Yeah, well, he's basically an nasty guy, you know. Yeah, he's, he's real, uh, uncontained. But I'm working on him. Yeah. Well, give it a good time. Okay. See you later. It'll take a great miracle. And maybe if we get him in here for a couple hours today, we can lighten them up a little bit, get him off this nasty kick. You know, he feels that he's got to be compulsively nasty and surly. Nothing, absolutely nothing will be accomplished by that. We're trying to tell Kyle that too, but he won't listen to what, you know. Uh, Howard, hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi, for some call-up, but not a virgin. Great. I was just curious if you've seen the new McDonald's come or who's with the, um, guy that has a head shape like a moon. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's making me make noises. Yeah, and you never guess who I think of every time I see it. Cool. It's a good time. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Great taste. Donald. Yeah, this is the most important question of the day. Okay. Who did you like that? Ronald McDonald's or the new guy with the moon head. I think the moon man. Oh, I like Ronald McDonald better. Did you? Yeah. They make it a commercial. They both make me make up shut. Oh, I like it. Oh, I like it. Nice talking to you. Okay. Okay. Give my best to McDonald's. Okay. Anybody who wants there can't be all good. And I made that mistake again. My car made a U-turn into a burglar king this morning. And I have got a heartburn. It sounds like I'm really, it's got nothing to do with it being Saturday. It's just that I have such a heartburn. Killer. Heartburn. Killer. And it's not just the food, but it's waiting in the drive through a burglar king, especially on the weekend. They bring the especially inept kids in to work the weekend. And the guy in front of me who was in a pickup truck, I thought he was going to come running out of that truck, bust through the drive through through that window and crawl in there and behead every one of those people in there. And he, and legitimately, he was, had a right to be upset. He goes through the thing where they take the order. And for some reason, the speaker coming from inside is so loud. I take your order, please. You know, that loud. And now he's given the order. And he asked for whatever he was getting in four orange juices, right? She's one orange juice. And he's screaming back. And yelling and carrying on and she still can't get it right. And he finally gets up to the window after the two cars in the front of him, which took about 10 minutes. He's in front of me. He gets up to the window. And now they ask him to pull off to the side. Don't you love it when you go through the drive through and whatever you want, they haven't got. So you've got to like pull off the side and wait for them to bring it out to you in about six days. And the steam was just pouring out of this guy's ears. So between that and the absolute total Harper and in those croissants that they give you, I'm just, I don't think I'm going to make it. So good in here, stand fast. Well, here's somebody having an nervous breakdown on the other end of this phone and Broward. Hi, Neo. How you doing? Hi, this is Jay. Neo, Marcie, husband. And she's in the car here, Warner Mobile phone. She wanted to tell you what she's going to make for dinner. OK. OK. Hello. Hi, Neo. Hi, how you doing? Good. I just wanted to tell you that I'll make you a dinner that'll surpass McDonald's. OK. I don't believe for you. I'm ready. But will it surpass Wendy's? That's the question. Wendy's, oh, yeah. I'm going to open up a restaurant right in my home. I'll see you just for you, Neo. We're going to have chicken parmesan, broccoli, casserole, whatever you want. You know, but you can even send me your famous chocolate cake recipe. Well, I'm not eating anymore, Marcie. I'm cutting that out. We're cutting that out. Yeah. OK. Well, I'll make sure that only fruit. OK. OK. Well, we'll see it on the side of our friend's just one organization. And I'll be waiting for your autographs. OK. Get that phone fixed. OK. OK. See you later. You can be standing here. OK. Come on. Bork will be on CBS long form after noon until the Toronto New York game. Well, we might pick up some of that. Might pick up all of it as a matter of fact. Sounds good to me. Let's make some instant programming decisions. You know, that'll get him over the nervous. Those people in the programming department are just taking years off of our lives who treat us like chattel, like some kind of subhuman douche bags. Like some kind of inanimate objects, a box on their house. And then some. Formanets to noon. Let's go back to date County. Hello. Yes. No. Is this me? Yes. I've been hanging out just to tell you, I'm this your court gesture. You're a gesture. You know, you have such a color lottery that I'm this my Saturday. Well, good luck to you. We'll give you his home number. No. I'm sure he put on a whole show for you. Wait a minute. Now, I want to tell you, there are all these people that I know they do it in love. And they also use their food. Yeah. They're killing you. Absolutely. A coma would be a blessing. I mean, I'll be honest with you. The way the show is going this morning, I couldn't agree more. Let me deep sleep. I'm a big improvement for me. No, I'm suffering the consequences of living with diabetes. Yeah. You've got too much going for you to let it happen. Well, they love me to death. No, yeah, that's it literally. Yeah. It's yourself a two-cent plane when you go see Joshua. It's not the ice cream because they're going to bury you with a soda or suns down your chest. It's not worth it for recently. Well, as long as Brian and Joshua come and visit every week, I'll that'll be okay with me. Well, get us to the same plane. OK. Stay away from the ice cream and the peace and all the loving food that everybody's offering. You bet. I keep that voucher. You were talking about. I keep telling him no more food in here. And he just goes flying up to the front of the building because he by the time he brings it back here, he's already sucked up half of it himself. He is indeed a voucher. He's doing your favor. Well, yeah, but they bring the rest of it in here. Believe me. Trust me. Go on his fault. It's too sweet. Well, yes, sir. He blasts at everything you say. Yeah. Perfect harmony. And I miss him when he's not there. Perfect. Did he? Well, maybe so. But no. I always thought nobody was perfect until we discovered him. Perfect. Nobody's perfect. But stay away from the food. You're so young. Oh, yeah. Almost as young as the way Reynolds. No, I'm telling you. I'm suffering the consequences of doing what you're doing now. No. It's not worth it. I know. You're rather than dead. OK. Well, I couldn't go along with you more. I have a wonderful weekend and have a great life. Oh, man. Unfeelable. Could be a lot worse. You could have the Rick Edwards disease where you start running around nailing things to the ceiling. It's 12 o'clock at WI and Z. And guess who is in the building, not feeling too well. He's lived under the weather today. But trip back to the Tinder box will straighten that all out. I just thought you were going to come in here and slump down on the chair and sleep. That's, you know, who needs that? We could have had the nerd come in and do that. Just make some breathing sounds. Yeah, maybe it'll attract, you know, like the honey bee. Well, I can brighten every Monday and I need some more oil. I need some oil, so bad for my surgery. I think that'll be a little bit more. Huh? Pepto business. Bring your wins, relief kit to WI and Ziddy. And see if you can nurse this back to a good health. Well, we seem to really put that ice cream stir or not only on the map, but like they're probably all going to retire. Wait, at least see the building. Yeah. We ought to send him a big bill. Well, I don't want any monetary, you know, I'm willing to take mine out and trade. I'll take mine in money. Okay. How are you? Otherwise. Okay. Are you going to have this contest? You're going to have this contest? Not right. This model will be right now. No, it's your show. I don't come in here, contrary to what other people do when they appear on my program and try to run my program. I'm not going to come in here and inflict my programming ideas on you. Well, that's good. I'm not going to sit here hang up on people like you do because we wouldn't have anything going on in the gesture. Yeah. Well, I was just to get even with what you were doing coming to hold for you. I ain't not going to let me. Oh, I'm glad you brought that up. Because at the corner of the Times Boulevard. Here we go. And he's holding it again. No, no, no. This is good because this is for sure. I need role a drum. I'm going to pass out. This must have some of it's data. You know, when the book comes out, that's right thing that saves them. There are two teenage girls in the intersection collecting money. Now, heaven's only going to work for. At the corner of the Times Boulevard in Flamingo. And one of them is a really cute brunette. And of course, I was in the right turn lane and they're out there in the center. So I couldn't even talk to them. What's your name, Gwenda? Haven't any idea? I don't know what they're collecting for. They got little yellow baggies. You know, maybe they picked that up from Jerry's fireman friend. You know, if they can go out there and stand on the intersection with a fire truck park there and collect money, maybe these, these nymphats can do the same thing. Very fancy. Well, I mean, they're the different than the approach. They're the approach. And now I talk about the ice cream stir-eye speak of the wonderful young people there in the with the greatest respect and with admiration and awe as a matter of fact. If anybody would like to do a derogatory disgusting terms like nymphant, then anybody like to pick up that little brunette and bring her down here. I think they're on the show of wishful thinking. Well, put her on the show and find out what's more is in my case of some of my audience. Switchful thinking. Think how much money we could make for them by having them come in here. Instead of setting out there under the hot spot. So they do here to make money. Just to whatever they're little bit of the story. Those bills, man. Look at that. You can tell yesterday I pulled out. I'll start it. I'll start with a 20. I was going to get this cost. Probably minors, they're monitoring in the port of the day and the man comes in here is doing me a big favor. That's in your century village. They're not going to collect much money there. No. Because those people kind of hold on to their, oh, do they ever? Did you hear us who's that telling about that the period of the ags that came in from Hollywood? Isn't that something? Wanted a little taste of this and little taste of that. Sound like they sampled more stuff than I did the other. Well, I want to sample some of the stuff but they won't let me. Okay. Well, let's see what the calls are here. And then a few minutes will do are, you notice what I brought in the Joshua tree by use too. Yeah. Well, keep your pause off and you notice it's virgin. Oh, got the plastic on here. Yeah, what you have to do is some very heavy drugs before you listen to it. Where the streets have no name. Yeah. I still haven't found what I'm looking for. I'd like to have this. So I don't have a CD. I don't have a copy of I still haven't found what I'm looking for. You notice it's called the Joshua tree. I didn't make that up. Yeah. I know. That's good. And tomorrow we're going to be giving away Brian's song. Just a joke. Just a little joke. Okay. Let's see what we got. Hello. Bubble. Bubble. Speak to me. It's an honor to talk to you to find gentlemen on this beautiful Friday. Oh, did you hear Elvis call too? Yeah. That's great. And unexpected rated treat. Yeah. Well, you know, it doesn't call me anymore. Well, let me just say I heard too that earlier today. And I don't know what's going on over that ice cream store. He's under little tired to me. You notice that? Well, she's acting as bodyguard. Defend off all the leftovers. Do that or you've got to work in too hard because there's so many earlessness coming in there. It's unbelievable. Great. The factor of night of those two young men worked. Well, she did say that she hired Brian and the Irish one. The owner trained them, you know. Yeah. Kind of straight out. I live in Kendall, Mal, but I'm thinking of moving up to plantations. Far where you, I moved to Waterhill right now. Waterhill. That's the place to boil the penny. Of course, I'm what you're looking for. Like maybe a good punch in the mouth. Oh, I maybe I'll go in there this afternoon. And I got from the ladies of work. Yeah. Haven't you ever been in the one down there? Oh, no. I've been heard of it before. I started listening to the show. Well, we need to report on the staff there at the one in town and country. Is it in town and country? Yeah. Yeah, that's only a couple bucks from here. I might just, you're just a little bit. You're just a little bit right on over there. So down there, you've got to know that you'll be lonely and that they won't be anybody else around. No, not in that mall. We're a little bit. As a matter of fact, I remember where it is. I'm an charitable mood today. Where those girls are? No, they're not your neighbor. There's a Ben and Jerry's in there in the town and country right on the end. Yeah, I know where that is. I never saw an email can boil us. Let's split the, let's simply say just what? They were at town and company. No, they didn't. Somebody was asking that. I don't think they're in town and country at all. Here he goes, disseminating more misinformation. Maybe they went shopping. I think that's what Arlene said. Yeah, well, what does she know? What does anyone know? Oh, well, it's been nice talk to you like I said. Yeah, this has been quite a learning experience, hasn't it? All right. And if you had heartburn like I do, you'd probably get in a ward just for finishing hours and imagine you don't even work at the FM. Right. We could send out. I don't think there's anybody on the FM. Really? I don't know. I think that whole state and they are playing some of the worst crap I've ever heard my life. What up there's no one on? Yeah. Boy, are they playing some stuff? I was going to make it suggest you maybe to get you out of doing these Saturday shows. If you listen to it, it's a toss net. You know what Bruce does. He keeps shows and it's bad sometimes. If he wants to get out of town and close the real estate, you know? Yeah. I don't do this day. You just got a number and says call here at 6 o'clock and then they take it and they run it like three weeks later. Sure. It's incredible. Okay. It's good enough for Zeta. It's good enough for us. All right. Okay. Good call. You know, how come the big Zeta hauntials aren't working six days a week? Did you hear that? The true story. They just take some drop-ins. And the somebody sits back there and puts all the music together. And there's nobody there. You're kidding. And these guys don't even have the job full time. I mean, these are just fluckies. You think they'd be in there seven days a week? Wow. Crawling on the walls saying, hey, please don't take me out of here, you know? It'll work six days. Nobody in this business in their right mind is abused to the point of working six days. It's just unheard of in the industry. Unheard of. Wait till we get our our agent from Golden Beach. Yeah. We're hiring a big time radio agent from Golden Beach. He's going to talk to them and one of those only broken legs talent even see. And I got this view. A bad cool man. A little meat in the Fort Waterdale restaurant about kind of clock some Saturday night. And Joe's in the Bronx. Hello. Hello, guys. How are we doing today? Howard County. Welcome to whatever this is. Actually, it's down from Beach with that. South Palm Beach. Listen, I don't know. Why? I don't want to be a chronic pain in the ass regular, but I just had a conversation. They have to show with glad. I had a terrific idea. I don't want you to take credit for it. So, right, if you'd better listen for a minute. Well, if it's a good idea, we never would have met all assumed he came up with it anyway. Well, you know, listen. Well, what can you do? Why have I got a heartburn? You wouldn't believe it on a scale of a hundred. Oh. Infinity. Think I'd take a bite. That burglar king will just do it to you. Well, that's that was your first mistake. But anyway, you know, Steve Dole and Chicago as a nine seven six silver, nine seven six four two four two. It's a three one two area code every day. People call up and they, you know, two a couple minutes for it to be. It's an all that. They make a lot of money doing that. I don't like your for a good friends with Dave Ryder who's into that thing. Deal, right? Yeah. I want to tell you something. When Dave Ryder was on this show, I asked him to cut a couple of drop-ins or promos. And his response was, well, the union might get upset about that. Well, you're something that he could make some money. I mean, Dave Ryder's a wonderful guy. He's made millions of dollars and more power to him. But he gave you the Don Johnson. He hasn't shared any of it with his former friends. But you don't. He knows me because he inflicted me on this place. So get rid the other way around. He brought me into this den of inequity. Well, what I'm thinking of is how about in 1976, Neal, right, where people can call in. You can, you know, do a bit or two and make, you know, Moochil Bach. Sounds good to me. You'll give me out of here. It's great. Well, you know, you can do it first as a sideline kind of thing. See how the body is. And then, you know, act accordingly. Yeah, I could probably even record my bits up the ice cream store. I'm sure. But I'm serious. I mean, you know, listen, it's a free idea if you want to go from here. You want to go for it. It might be a nice edge on to your income. Or even a night, seven, six, stand anyway. Wait a minute. Look at this car is writing a message. You told Keith to tell writers six months ago to do a Neal line. A writer doesn't want me to make any money. Don't understand. He's like getting even with me now. Where is that? This is like the city of South Lake City. He is in Toledo, Ohio. Oh, in Toledo. You know, that's what he says every day. So boy. Yep. All right. Well, listen, you've got some, uh, No, he's sticking. He's sticking pins and a hoodu dolls of Stanley J. Cohen every day. I don't play them. Yep. You got to work during the day. You can't work today. Right. Well, anyway, listen, you've got some more, uh, Motio, uh, record your CDs coming your way. And also I took your advice. And I said, both of you guys, Brian, Adam, tell them. Great. About Brian Furry. No. No. Come on. Brian Adams's words. I'm really surprised to you playing Brian Furry. Do it. Don't get to derise. I would think that you would be into playing. What is the drug? No. You don't know it. You know that song? No. Stand with no good song if it hit him. Bit him on the lip. Okay. Music. That's a drug. Send me the album. You don't wear a red rug. You have it in right. Don't have access to Brian Furry or Rocksley music albums, right? You can go to a record store. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. Have a wonderful life. I'm excited. Oh, hey. Tired of sitting around my house with no one to talk to. Run out of friends who have tolerated your point with conversation. Then pick up that phone and dial 976-BOR. That's right. 976-B-O-R-E. And communicate with people as boring as you. Hey. How you doing? Okay. How you doing? Fine. So, what do you want to talk about? Uh, I don't know. What are you talking about? I don't know. Yes. From one end of the state to the other. Thousands of boring people are waiting to spend hours of an name on processing in Boston at night, getting this house to a place. Hey, again, that's me. Good evening. You need to pack up. We'll be doing these next couple of nights. Okay. Good evening. Good evening. Great day. Hello, we have all day long. Okay. Take has included… and concrete. I've been a for about three days, but okay, my brother and I, we have a fight. And well, I don't know if you're high to the kids sleep. And I'm gonna read more on people. Calm down. 9764. That's 976B. Oh, our end is hot. Calm down. 9764. You'll be bored. You did. I know. The birds the word and date. Okay, well, let's understand what I'm doing around desperately trolling for a role age. It's 21 past noon at Windswell, come right back. Boy, oh boy, Michael, the sister, where are you when we need you? Shame on you, Bill. Okay, stand is in the building, but he's, I have no idea where he's gone. He said he went to get a sprite, and of course, we don't have a sprite in our machines. And never have had. So that means he's probably left the building and going up to a 711 like in the Opa locker somewhere. So probably we back about 330. Or does the man go, you know, where did he go? Now I've come back and say, hey, it was looking for role aids for you. I'm trying to help you out. I'll have some sorely reason that he's not here. Man is incorrigible.