Well, because as we have to that is RBD and Broward, which we can't get in date, and then there's W-H-R, which used to be 98 gold, which I hear again is changing format, but right now they're playing this hard and soul syndicated stuff, which is a lot of old motel on that kind of era, which I happen to enjoy, but I can't get the signal in date, County. There's a rhythm 98, which is a small station, which actually exists in South-Day. There again, there are a lot like EDR, a little bit more R&B, but you can't get them past like coral gables. What is the problem there? Do you think something like that would be marketable? Are my just dreaming? Am I going to have a... I think that if it was a format of soul and rhythm and blues, like you're speaking about, that it would have a crossover audience. Okay, nine minutes before noon at W-Y-N-C, we have a collar in a mobile phone for Linda. I can't believe it. Hello. Well, Neil? Yes. How's it going? Hi, Linda. Hi. I read your column. Wait a minute, sir. You don't sound like you're on a mobile phone to me. I have a... I got off the mobile phone. I got home, put it on hold, and pick it up. You're hanging up on me now? What a story that is, you know, even the people at the Harold wouldn't believe that. Tom Peabas has been following you around. Probably won't read it. Go ahead, sir. We'll give it a shot. Okay. You just have no problem. Probably on the absence of... The situation would always differ. Radio station, changing format. And I just want to know something you're coming. So what you think is going on, seems like that hot one of five is really bowed out. Yeah. Well, they don't have any choice, really. And with like power 90 seconds, it just... that formula seems to be right on. Yeah. The dance music format, which goes for EDR2 in a way, because a lot of their stuff is the same kind of rhythm, is very popular here right now. Uh-huh. And... But, but again, with so many people doing it, somebody's got a loose and hot did. So since then, they've kind of veered a little more. You hear more crossover. Right. I just can't believe it. It was like, while I'm under power any six and hot. Yeah. A very, very similar. I just don't see anything because the loser is going to be other those three. Um, that's hard to say about hot's format. Right. Now, why 100 came back up in this last book after like two years? They bought some of that in down. To think that was through a lot to that content. Well, yeah. The content has had a lot to do with it, but also their sound is a lot more firm than it was for a while. Really see you like that. That's cool. Yeah. Excuse me? I said it really seems like Canada has got the formula down. Yeah, he does. It's working for him over there. So everyone in these radio stations, you know, it's getting over power and ninety six. That's why I prefer personally. Power. Yeah. It's like they really have the personalities and power has like a one thing good about power too. They have a very energetic presentation. Back. You know, you know, it's like listening to the, to the old days to me in 70s radio when, why 100 was real when I was a teenager. You tell me that feeling from power, which is good. That's the funny thing is that they're the upstart, but yet they have the veteran. That's true. Yeah. But let me let me let you in on little secret, pal. Radio in this market sucks. Okay. You think so? Yeah. Is that in Klicersha? No. Are there any on you? Well, no, we're on pop-up toasters in the Golden Fillings. That's good. Okay. Thank you so much for your call. Have a wonderful life. Hollywood, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes. I'd like to ask you a Linda question. I'd like to know what the ratings are on top net. To high. I think that that's more. Four nine, four nine. The ratings on top net were pretty high. I can't believe that again. Let me warn you. Three of the biggest jerks on the radio. Yeah. We don't go Bernard and Bruce Williams who sounds like Yogi Bear over the air, you know. And Sally, Jeff, you asked the other three of them. I so specifically barring, you know. What's doing? What's doing? Yeah. Hold on. What's doing? Welcome to the news day. Yeah. And Uncle Bernard and Sally. You know, these people, they rip them, sir. Rip them. Maybe we can get some real life people out there. They call up, they spill their guts and lady calls up. He says, my husband just wiped out our whole family with an axe. Yeah. I don't go Bernard. Then the commercial comes on. Well, friend, I can give you an answer based on a life experience. Yeah. What is it with this guy? How many bad things have happened? I have a good idea. We ought to put him on on the weekend. You're pretty good, sir. He must have been screwed less than right. I mean, you know, I've been screwed a lot. Maybe I can get our thoughts on that. Really? You do that in the hell can follow you around. You can get on a front page. I just was curious because he's not a president to you in a daytime. And I really enjoy your show. But since you've been off at night, there's nothing to listen to. I mean, Jerry, which, no, is specifically boring. How about Bill Carter's on a night now? I don't want to promote another video on a night now. Well, Carter's on a night. Notice that Jerry can't even see the station call letters right. Who? Jerry, Jerry. Can't even hear anything. Jerry, a literate. He doesn't say double you end. W. W. W. Yeah, Glenn Hildersett, who he says W. I and Z. I. What is it, Nick? What are these people come from? So, calling the sheriff in your head about it? You do you say W. I and Z. Well, listen, I have the numbers. You're going to be ready now. It's from seven o'clock in the morning. I try to. They went with three, four, four, one, three, nine, then after 10 o'clock, which Sally's on a 10, right? Oh, God. Oh, yeah. Five, two, eight, nine, nine, six at midnight. But she got beat out. They do embarrassingly well. Hello, Larry. Hello, King and Jerry, which. Sally's voice, actually, she got his little razor blades. I love that gravity voicer. OK, I got to get another call on here, sir. But thank you so much for your call and have a great day. You so much for letting me be here. OK, please call us again. Thank you. OK, Davey, hello. How you doing, Neil? I'm going to. Hi. Listen, I was listening to W's news yet a day. I read before the big change. Yeah. And for their smaller chain. On. And he made a big thing about the so far campaign and how you were just pandering to your audience. Oh, yeah. And attempting to get ready. Oh, it's helping to get ratings. Yeah, it's a really exciting. It's what he said. And then, you know, right afterward, I almost couldn't believe this. But I had to call you and let you know. He did. They have an interior design center over there. They do live spots for him. And he said that this interior design firm with like losing interest. Oh, I heard that. Oh, my God. And my glad you brought this stuff. It's Miriam and Terriers. And he said, please call them and tell them all of you. I was the most bushling thing I ever heard in my life. He's begging the audience to call them and tell them not to cancel their advertisement. It's exactly right. Miriam and Terriers. He could not believe it. Oh, I have to call you. Let you know. And the only thing I want for it is, please, a few seconds of a Craigewerving imitation. I love it. So we don't knock on this. Show me only. No positive if Steve wants to come on this show or not Neil, he'll have to go on with Alan. Do it a leave. We don't do that on these shows. I love it. Thank you. Have a good day. And my glad that he brought that up because I heard it the other day. I thought, wait a minute, this can't really be going on. He's during the live spot. He's saying they're thinking of canceling. Please call them right now. And he kept giving the number. He says, even if you're not going to buy anything, call them. And tell them to keep advertising and leave. Followed show because I need the money. But he didn't say why. They were thinking about canceling. What do you think? You know, there was only one reason that exponse their cancels no results. I didn't hear that. No response. Non-competious penis. I mean, that's what it's all about, Lee. OK, anyway, thank you very much for being here. Please come back. Thank you so much for the pleasure of your company. And for your call. I'll be here on the 16th. I hope. Great. That's good. We can get some coverage in that if they hear it doesn't censor it. Speaking of that, now listen, we've got something