The Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Now, the rumors have already started around the city this morning that the reason Neil is not here is because he's really at Tammy Faye Park, you know, at the mass. I don't buy it, okay? I don't think that's where he is, but you can think whatever you want. You know, I don't think, you know, this is just a coincidence that Uncle Neil got delayed today. You know, this never happens, but something happened. And he'll be here shortly, but he, uh, I just don't think he's at the mass attempt. Somehow, you know, just deep inside me, I can't, I can't conjure up the image of Uncle Neil walking like six miles. Well, it's possible. But with his little Yamaka on and his little, you know, dress, I just don't think so. I think he's had a slight problem and he'll be here in just a few minutes. So I did 17 after 10, this is Glenn Hill, we're here until Uncle Neil arrives. Let's take a break, okay? And then we'll be right back. We'll stay high to the guy in the sky. If you want his blessing out, don't go messing around, can you flex and get out? Oops, look out, the Pope is coming to town, look out, the Pope is coming to town. Indeed, counted things can get rough. Guiding, part is really good stuff. Nobody likes that rough stuff. So the Pope's at enough and we'll say high, Pope, we'll say high, Pope, and I'm from the high in the sky. Well, not deaf the blive, the guy who lives, they all want to live with me. Say a some math. Hey, all you weird, oh, all for the grass. Hey, all you weirdos, all for the grass. Let's learn how the baby is made. From a guy who never gets away. Excellent, makes the great day. See the doctor gets paid and he'll yell. Hi, Pope, here you are. Hi, Pope, as he was so old in my room, Mike was gone. Well, good, Catholics are the only need. They may spill their seeds where God only can't help. We, John Paul, don't condemn them to help. We kind of don't condemn them to. There's no hope if they send them to help. So, this dirty stuff he's playing in. This is disgusting. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain, you know, if they're going to be those people who will say to me, you shouldn't rip the nice people up at Tyre Kingdom up on the court. Because after all, they did get it done for you in an hour. Of course, they said it was going to be a half an hour, which all these places down here tell you, oh, yeah, I have you out of here half an hour. No problem. I said, I got to be out of here quarter to ten. No problem. This was 12 minutes after nine. How long can it take to put on a new tire? It took double what they said. Sounds like standard operating procedure to be sitting there and sitting there and sitting there. My car is sitting out in their parking lot. It's not moving. It's not moving. Did you tell them who you were? No. Well, no way. They don't know me from Donald. And how would go that far? It's right there. I've got it out for you. I haven't heard this. This is new material. It's a good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Classic car is sitting there. It's not going anywhere, okay? It's not moving. So what you have to do, because there's this girl who's got all of her books, who's obviously got a class somewhere in her car sitting there. And she just peeing in her pants. She's having an nervous breakdown. And she's saying, can I please pay you for this so that if you ever get it done, you know, I get out of here. And not quite in those words, but close. Yeah. So I did the same thing. I paid them. So you could just, so I could leave. If it went, they ever got the tire on. Seriously, how long could it take to change the tire? 20 minutes? 10 minutes. 10 minutes, I would say. Let's say 20. Just to be kind. If there's problem, I'd grant you they were busy. It was backed up. They only had like 40 guys working there, you know. All right. So now I go out. And I start doing like the Green Apple Quickstep almost. I'm shuffling from one foot to the other. I said to the guy, hey, it's turning into a long half hour, you know. And the car's still sitting out there. Okay, Joe. Hey, you know, and Joe goes out there. Get my car. Drives it. Terrors around the back, you know, to impress me. Like they're really in a big hurry. And he puts in one of the stalls. Okay. Yeah. Now, I guess he assumed they assume the customers are going to go back into the waiting room and sit there and assume they're doing something. Well, not this guy, okay. And I look in the car sitting there. And Joe has gone over with Teddy and, you know, working on some other unbelievable. Unbelievable. They finally put the car up on the thing and they get it up in the air. And now the young guy who's the manager is an ice guy, but a little slow. Comes in any system. I don't understand why you want to replace that tire. Which has a screw in it, which is worn out. It's wearing. I mean, it's wearing on the edges. I just don't like plugging a tire. I just have a thing about that I've done a couple of times. I don't like it. And I know that we'll get all these experts. Oh, sure you can plug a tire, but 30,000, good you do it. Okay. I don't like doing it. I just, I have an aversion to it. Okay. And I happen to have enough money. I can spend 60 bucks to buy a tire. Right? Yeah. No problem. Why do you want to replace it? Look at it. You know, just put the goddamn tire on. Let me get me out of here. I didn't say that, but that's what I was thinking. So you had a wonderful time. Oh, I heard that. Just talk about stress. Talk about nervous breakdown. And you keep looking out there. What are they, what are they doing? That's the question. Nothing. They're not paying it. Forget the Pope, please. He's from Dave County, Sally over here. She's forget the Pope. Screw the Pope on the brain. Yeah. And of course, when you buy a new car, you know, you spend 17, 18, 20,000 dollars and they still get the cheapest, lousiest, crappiest tires that money can buy. Garbage. You crap. Okay. See, I didn't tell you the whole story. I'm coming to work. And of course, I had had to put air in the tire. And I, you know, this is the second one. I don't want to sound like there are a lot of problems in my life. But the new complex I'm living in, you know, they're building. There's all this construction going on. And you drive through like beds of nails and screws and, you know, little things. I mean, should be no problem. And this has been going on ever since I live there. And it's a great place. Say, um, good. It's a good time. Boy, the great place. Yeah. Okay. And, uh, but the problem is when there's construction going on, they do tend to be a few screws and nails and the little things you drive over. It's a real, an obstacle. We've got a nail in your tire. Screw. This is the second one. The second tire had to replace on my new car. Yeah. That's a brand new, that's a new car. Of course. To the 88, isn't it? Well, but they put old tires on. They put recaps or something. I don't know. And that's possible. But anyway, these are such garbage tires. So anyway, I'm coming to work. And I said, well, I got a whole hour. Why not replace the tire now, right? Because there's an orton tire right up the road on pines. We're, I've done a lot of business up there. And I go up there and they're mobbed to beat all hell. Oh, they will be finally says to me, oh, can I help you? And I said, yeah, I needed tire. What kind of car have you got? Oh, we can't put any tires on a teabird. Really? At an orton tire, so can't you help? No. They're firestone. You have to corner on that. Firestone makes all the tires. Whoever heard of such a thing. Did you ever hear such a thing? I thought that Michelin and good year in good rich. I thought they made all sized tires for all kinds of cars, right? Wrong. No. Firestone. Which we all remember the great firestone recall. I mean, they make them best tires that money can't buy. Well, the tires that come on a new car are crap. Pramp, I once had. I was thinking about this coming back over here about 80 miles an hour upon. I haven't. I once bought a Buick Skyhawk, which was a nice little car, little car. Okay. Cars, okay. But the tires they put on it, I got to 12,000 miles. And all for the tires, I will say this. They were worrying evenly. I mean, like disintegrating, like white powder. In fact, if I would have driven it into the day county, would have gotten stolen. I would have thought the tires were covered with coca or something. It was incredible. And I went into a good year of digler. These happen to, and I like good year tires. Most people don't. Most people will tell you they love Michelin tires. And maybe good rich. But I like good year. I've had good luck with the next step in this case. And I go to the good year dealer. And I said, I got to get all new tires. I mean, this is a disaster. All four tires were like bald. And white. One thing that white walls, but when the whole tire is white, and something's something's going on. And they said to me, oh, we can't give you those. They don't make those. We don't sell those. I said, what do you mean? They said, well, they only, those are the ones that they put on at the factory. Yeah. That's true. In other words, the cheapest tires that money can buy. And they're so bad. We don't even sell them. And so I had to get a different little upgrade, which was fine, because those lasted, you know, 13,000. But a 12. I was lucky with my new car came, is maybe at Japanese. And the tires were Japanese. And they lasted 40,000 miles. It came on my car. I couldn't believe it. Yeah. But they're on little slimy though. We can't buy them either. They're too good. They don't sell them. They're too good. I won't buy Japanese. I'll continue to suffer with American because I'm a grid out. They're on a storm gun. They're on a storm gun. They're on a storm gun. No, I don't believe all that crap about foreign cars. I really don't. Well, I've had great luck with my Japanese. Good luck to you. Yeah. It's your personality perfectly. What is that? You look like one of those little, you know, Japanese bird with a big egg. Well, I've been told that. Yeah. Hatching of plot with Emperor Hirohito. But I watch this Japanese. So I'm just, I have no idea what they're on here. In fact, I should have just gone home. I should have left you through the whole show because I'm so burned out. Now, I'm just ready to pass out. Well, just relax. So I want to say a special hello. And you see, they don't understand. They're going to be, they're going to be disturbed. Whether you want, we did a great job here at Tiger King. The more nice people. And we, although I did notice that the, and they were busy. But all customers were distraught. Another well, everybody was leaning from one foot to the other. Like, when the hell are we ever going to get out of here? Are we going to live to see our cars again? Has any places seem to do that to you? You know, oh, no problem. Have it by one clock. Can you go back to one o'clock? Oh, we didn't mean today. We were thinking more like one o'clock on next Monday. Exactly. Don't they have those weird ads on TV, Tiger King, to mouth of those people with that weird guy? I don't know. Y'all's about, oh, yeah, the guy that's made out of tires. Uh-huh. No, that's not tire King. And that's uneroar, wasn't it? I don't know. Oh, those are some other great tires uneroar. Woo. Forget those. Just don't buy generals. They own, uh, Arcade, you know, general tires. Oh, I know. Those are the world's worth. Yeah, the FCC, I'll take your car away. It's true. You have general tires. Absolutely. And Ricky Ticchio come out and visit. And, you know, you don't want to get into all that. Wait a minute. It says here, there is no general tire. Or did today more. They're gone. They're already put him out of business. Thank goodness. The FCC confiscated all their tires. It was kind of interesting last night that that father Riley, or Riley, whatever the hell. All those Irish shirt Catholics are named Riley or Riley or O'Neal. And he was bitching about the fact that it was the media's fault that there was nobody there last night, because the media had, you know, five minutes on lost puppies or something. And I mean, like the media in this town hasn't given enough coverage to the pub. So nobody knew he was here. That's why nobody showed up last night. I almost ripped my TV screen apart. I was so upset. I couldn't believe it. That was it. That was disgusting. Well, he never always crying. Wait a minute. General corporation made more money liquidating the company than making tires. Easy to belittle. Or liquidating the tires. That's the full rough stuff in. How does he know that? He knows everything. Sounds amazing. I believe it. Believe it. But I can't believe. He knows all. Trust me. He does. He just like a walking insect. I know that. Of useless information. That's exactly what he said. You know, he asked him something meaningful. He's scared. Exactly. Does anybody know what the button does in the front? I'm figured it out yet. I think it's one of the few pressed the button it blows up. Kyle is probably. He does know this too. He's very sorry to close to disconnect. Oh, disconnects the call. Really? Wow. But it doesn't work. No, seriously. That's what it says. It doesn't work. But it's supposed to look great. It impressed. It's wonderful. It's a good time for the great taste. Oh, I just have your happy. Yeah. That from his solo this morning, I went my way to the tire place. Did he? Yeah, it's did. That's so long. He brought that by. Wasn't I what he mentioned that? He was talking to a Gregory who, of course, is down the Shilling for the Pope, right? The MC. Mm-hmm. We know that he's a very religious guy. John O'Neill. And did he? He said he came by and visited? Yes, he did. He met the bird. Everybody was laughing and cackling. And did he say he had a pleasant time here? Yes. Said that buried the hatchet or something. Yeah, we said. We put it. But he said everything was wonderful on all of that. And I had a little talk. Discussion. Ha ha ha. Why don't you take a break and just rest? I don't want to take a break. I just got here. You need a minute to, you know. I think you need a minute. Are these phones? No, I'm just fine. Wonderful to be able to have blood pressures about 900 over 800 from running around, looking to see if the thing that disturbed me most is when they moved my car finally. And then they walked away. They let it sit there. Like to try to con me into thinking they were doing something. That bother you. They always do that. And then the guy behind the counter, who was like a cross between alcohol and, um, as a slice the loner something. I mean, it's an older version. How? Oh, this guy was unbelievable. Oh, Joie. I'm going to. In fact, Joie, isn't that interesting? I heard Joie this morning was talking about California federal or something. Uh, uh, that being the bank and the guy was on the phone. Am I going to get my loan? Yes, you're all set. You're all great. You know, I don't, I was an all about. See, afraid that I'm going to read his loan application on the ear? I would never do that. Unethical. I would give his home number. I did not. I'm not going to do now. Can't stay in one of the do that. No, it's a can't do that. Slimey kind of a guy at times. I can say that because he's still asleep. Yeah. We read too much of it. Nation that if you get a call from someone named Glen Hill, do they ordering merchandise? It's not me, folks. Yeah. It'll have had a few, uh, we don't want to talk about that. No. No, we don't want to plant the seeds of any, uh, bad ideas of the lines of our sick quality. But it's not really safe enough. You may want to, any businesses you may want to confirm that. So how's everything turn out last night? Anybody leave together? They all leave individually or was, um, always in that crate. I don't want to hear these stories. I can't have all deep pressed. I don't want to hear Sally. Don't, uh, whatever you do. Don't turn Sally's my none at all. Any circumstances today. I'm already in enough trouble. No way. No problem. So here we are, ladies and gentlemen. And we're sorry that the media hasn't given enough publicity. I have never seen anything so disgusting in my life is the way the, and I don't know. Did I make it on channel for news at all? I didn't see it because I didn't see the six o'clock. I didn't. It certainly was not at 11 o'clock because I watched 11 30 and then I went to bed. And they were, they were going to go on for hours. I guess. Oh, no. And they were playing like chamber music in the background and Susan Lickman even did her hair a different color. John was had a like a eight piece suit on. Yeah. It was unbelievable. And I was just, we're on this wild set with all these religious kind of colors. You know what I'm talking about? Like tones like this was a, I just don't understand what the hell these people are thinking about. I mean you folks in the media are absolutely start craving nuts. You are the worst forers, the worst chills. And talk about objectivity. I mean here Amy Huggins came over here yesterday. They were here for an hour and they're interfering with our show. Right. And did any of that get on the air because I sure didn't see any of it myself. I didn't see the six o'clock news. And I'll tell you one thing I shouldn't see any, I didn't see any coverage of any of the protesters. Of course there was nobody there last night. No. And now it's starting to drizzle a little bit. I wonder if it's like this in date if it's going to rain like hell between now and 130. Oh boy. His holiness would be very upset. We'll see. So matter of fact. Oh. Oh. Wouldn't it be something? Wouldn't it be, we're expecting no seriously. We are expecting a miracle with this holy father sitting in my hand. And I think it would be one of the most incredible things. You're about to the blue. You're about to know where. Look up in the sky. Here they come. Oh, there's Brian. How you doing, bro? Oh. Hi. We're your winner. And have we got no for you. Get ready. Oh, you're not ready. And leave those on. Go home. Go home. Come on. You're right there. Oh. And I'll use him. And the money's seen you are so upset. Oh. Oh. What's the life of the police? They sent me better. Oh yeah. I love the life for the first time. Just about half half half half half half half half half half. What is my life? Keep the ring! You got a love bag and a boy! It's raining, man! What is my life? Rain and air! The sun is there! Dominition of biscuits! Oh boy, answer to what Pope's prayer! What is your best friend? Rain and all your port! What? What? I don't know what you're saying! Okay, that's enough of that stuff. Six Oprah Winfrey looked like, so doing little son-er. Play one before 11 at WI and Z. And our thanks to Juno who, for filling the gap here this morning in his usual incompetent way. I won't come back right after this. Pick a pocket! Excuse me! Pick a Peter pocket! Pick a Peter pocket of flavor at Wags! Wags family restaurants! Now you say it! They want a Peter pocket of flavor at Wags! I can't remember all that! Wags presents our four great Peter sandwiches. We start our fajita pizzas with simmering strips of tender chicken or succulent sirloin. Flavored with special Mexican seasonings and wild high with cheese, onions, lettuce and tomato. Four Jews, one of our mouth-watering, teriyaki pizzas. Made with marinated strips of sirloin or tender chicken, sauteed with plump white mushrooms, crisp celery and spicy onions. We serve them up in our thick grilled Peter bread with a mound of golden french fries. They're all delicious and they're only at Wags. I think I got it. Pick a Peter pocket! Yeah, yeah, yeah. A flavor at Wags! Pick a Peter pocket of flavor at Wags! It's easy! It's a great day for Wags! There's a remarkable product for pain relief. It's called therapeutic mineralize. It's an exclusive deep-coated formula. A penetrating gel that lots of doctors, caraprakers, clinics and physical therapists now use in recommend. All you do is apply mineralize where it hurts and it helps block pain almost immediately, including the minor aches and pains of muscles and joints from arthritis. Simple backache, strains, bruises, sprains and related sports injuries. Only mineralize combines a clinically and medically proven ingredient in a deep-penetrating, cool, blue mineral gel. No grease, no stain, no unpleasant odor. Just apply mineralize as often as needed and let deep-coated pain relief do the rest. You'll work play and sleep better. Instead of taking pills, try mineralize the effective pain fighter. You'll find mineralize at your neighborhood pharmacy and better health food stores. GNC, fed-co and federal discount stores and grade drugs, anchored corner drug stores, added Walgreens, asked for it by name, therapeutic mineralize. Last year, Chevrolet announced the big one! Chevy introduced 1.9% financing, which is created a fine-friendly approach. Today, the big one is back. Chevrolet made, announces 1.9 annual percentage rate limited term financing with a proof credit, or rebate. This time, it's all 87 Chevy's down the line. 1.9% on Camaro's celebrity. 1.9% on Capri. 1.9% on Novus. Spectra from this brand. 1.9% on 1988. Corsica's in Barretta. Plus, these Chevy dealers are closing out 87. You can save 1000, get to your day-browered Chevy dealer. Last year was a frenzy. Now, with 1.9% on the lowest price Chevy's, you can expect a madhouse. It's a good time for the great taste. 17, before 11. What a reason. I was thinking about the last time we got 5 FM stations cutting stuff for this show. Is that incredible or wide? The leaves are cutting stuff? Yeah. Magic, can I mention Zeta without you stepping on me? You notice he's doing it again this morning. No, it's getting real pushy. Get serious. Lead you left from Zeta. It's tragic 102.7. Hot 105. Powerless 96. And now, gloves 94. It's right. Was that 5 or 6? 5. Unbelievable. Now, what we got to do is get the jewelry Reynolds to cut from stuff. For example, be all set. I'm sure that I'll have pay list. And he's got plenty of money to pay. He's living in a wonderful place in plantation. And he got his loan. And everything is wonderful. He's got his 84 portion. 84 Mercedes SL 8523. Beechwood 45789. And know what the hell more could anybody want. That's great. Good luck to you, Joey. It was money, baby. In the next two months ago. I said, who's the joke? In the funny outfits? He turned out to be the hope. So I was amazed. I was mystified. And they can't be fine. I was hoping for some kind of revelation. A big flash in the sky. But all I got was stuck around. But I thought it was a dirty car. He knocked me down right to the ground. Jesus didn't even be hard. And their money gave us a thrill. Won't you visit our town? We'll pay our bills. We'll close the school. They call the rule. Even Chuck, I'm always down. That's so you can bless us. It's such a holy mess. It's a holy thing you will now. We'll be down. Thank you, Mr. Goi. Well, I just couldn't resist a bigger bed like this. So I went out to see the show. There was a million people. We didn't hot dogs. They were really wacking in the zone. He sang songs and woes. Like you did, Creole. Even gave us fams, man. But nothing he did did a thing for his kids. I'm gonna have to say my own ass. Now why don't we need to be disrespectful? Or say anything I've seen. But you have to wonder. What would happen if Jesus came back on the scene? Won't you build him at all? Close down the city. Would you throw him up a ray? Would you shut down at 95 a throw? Jesus in the county star cave. Hey, they're falling. Kill us as well. Won't you dare let our town go pay all your bills? We'll call this call. We'll raise all the rules. Even Chuck, I'm always down. So you can clap us to touch our holy mess. This international, fully lame you will with power and culture. Right, we have that echo cloud. Would it tell? Would it tell? Is it tell? Is it tell? Is it tell? Is it tell? The long hit the path of the air. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. I'm sure he does. He has a strange way of showing it, but I'm sure he does. 13, 4, 11, and WI, and see. I'm going to take these calls in a system today. He's going to sound so good. You're just not going to believe it, right? No chance. It does? For you to say that is quite an endorsement. They'd count. Hello. Hello. See what the nice of there was somebody there. To an auger rate that he system. Broward, hello. Neorodges. How are you doing? Okay. It's good to be in first call. Oh yeah, that sounds great. So you had a problem with hurricane, I've had a run in with them once, and that'll be the last time. So how are you then? I asked him. I said, where the hell's my car already? And they said, it's a good time for the great taste. But you know. Yeah, any gimmick to just, you know. Yeah, they want to send you over to McDonald's. For a mick break. So what do you think about the mick cope? Yeah, he's great. He's my favorite. I think he could replace Ronald McDonald myself. Tell the bird not to tonight. He's saying that there's a, is he in there? No, he's out to do doing around somewhere. He's saying that his room is going around that you're watching the Pope. Is it? Yeah, right. Yeah, I was watching the Pope in the Archbishop. And I can't see on the air what was going on. But it was pretty hot. Pretty hot. What? That is sweeping. Yeah. And the water bit that took a lot of holy water to fill that bed. Let me see. Oh, Neil. Well, no, but I don't know. I put that on a couple minutes ago watching the program. Open to people dancing. He's right. Of course, they're doing a little kazanski. Those are all the husk. See them. They're just tapping to see so many guys with the armacas running around. Well, listen, have a wonderful day. And, you know, stay out of trouble. No, you stay out of trouble. Okay. Take care now. Good luck to you. Yesterday, they still had a mixture of Contel and Southern Bell equipment. After they finally ripped out the last of the antiquated Southern Bell equipment, the problems cleared up. Well, of course, that's that old Southern Bell craft. They put in here like 11 years ago. Shame on them. Shame on the Larry Mixon and all my good friends at Southern Bell. They know I'm very fond of them. But, uh, date County. Hello. Yeah, good morning, Neil. It says sound good. You're right. I can't believe it. You sound like you're almost in the same county. And you sound pretty good too. How about that? Even on the speaker phone, huh? Even on the speaker phone. I just want to let you know, though, you're right. Your time wasn't wasted. I did see you on Channel 4 News last night. Oh, yeah. On 6. Oh, uh, no, was on about a quarter to 12. 12. If I would have just stayed up another 15 minutes. It was talking about the people, the what people protest in. Some people weren't there though, like Neil Rogers. And they put you on. You were talking about how, um, with the eye of the holocaume to town, with the, you know, a throw parade, and all that. Yeah. Pretty good, too. Really? Pretty good. The vacation did well. Oh, yeah. I look, uh, almost like, um, Jason get a Rick right now. Is a matter of a, I do. All right. Well, listen. You have a good day and, uh, uh, whatever. Okay. Didn't have much to say today. No, neither do I. So that's okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Good colors out there this morning, and they sound almost human on this new system. Just imagine how frightening it'll be if we ever get anything to really work in here. Then we're really going to be terrors, right? It's a good time for the great taste. Oh, boy. That just, he says that so well. Of course the problem is that's the only thing he can say. But what? Here comes Mr. Mail. Isn't that great. Just drops it. I'll be honest with you. The mail has been off. Considerable. You were on vacation. Yes. Since you messed up the show, it's been off considerably. And some of it is even like that one for the Pope sticker. We don't have any more Pope stickers. And the Pope is going to be gone by the time you got it anyway. Oh, this is a cute one. Here's the Pope. It says. Ha ha ha. Thought this may help you at the track. And here's the Pope. It says picking a winner. And he's got his finger up his. Holy, his holy nostril. Look at that. But his index finger up his holy nostril. Of course, I would only blessing the. Yep. You recognize this handwriting. Looks like some hate. Yep. They call up wanting to argue not having any more bumper stickers. What do they want you to do, man? You factored their gun. They come out of like thin air. They're long gone and all that stuff. I don't know. We'll have the weather girl singing. It's raining of bumper stickers. Nine minutes before 11 at WI and Z. I'm trying to calm down. I'm still just hysterical. We're going to be talking a little later about Donna Rice and her new no excuses line of genes. Do I mean, what a four? You know what I'm saying? Do I dare say that on the air? I mean, just unbelievable. No shame whatsoever. No excuses. Like she doesn't apologize for anything. And she'll put her name on anything that's been invented to make a fast buck. No, that's what it's all about. 10 cops will shoot ahead of her on instead of Gary. He's going to have an empty chair. It's 10.52 at WI and Z. Neil Rogers here warming you up for the stand major show at 2. That's true. I'm supposed to be Arlene Rosho at 2 with her special guest, Dan Major. And everybody, of course, waiting with baited breath for that. Look at these disgusting pictures. Or we can tell you. More poem. Oh my gosh. Oprah. Shame on you. Look at that. Boy. Just that one there lying on the bed. Just that one of her is as big enough to choke a horse. And there, of course, is the Pope is finger is still poised and they hold you nostril. And we got some 20 fingers. I want to thank a listener for sending those. And that'll keep you occupied today. We spent some time putting those together. A little bit with your picture and all your little private parts. It's very cute. Rowered. Hello. Well, I just woke up and I was wondering if you could give me some sex in the morning. Probably very unlikely, sir. Please, Neil. You want to hear that disgusting record that we played yesterday? I played it already. You already played it? I already played it sir. Go away. Talk with this show. Just woke up. He wants sex in the morning. It was great. Roll over sir. Go back to sleep. Dave County. Hello. Hello. How are you? How are you? How are you doing? Okay. Good on TV last night. Oh, you saw two. Do you work to two people who stayed up that late? What happened to the usual red shirt? Oh, no. I wanted to be sure where my Hawaii shirt for the Holy Father. Well, it looked fine also. Even if you didn't go to Hawaii. I wanted to get his attention. Well, we're the first words spoken between the Pope and Ronnie Reagan. It's a good time. My dad went past. Is that a crucifix in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? Come on. That's terrible, sir. You know that that's fantasizing. We had two very important men here in Miami last night together. And I do mean important. Where is that impotent? I'm not sure I'm not pronouncing that right. Everybody's got a dream. That's right. Anyway, nice to hear you again. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. Okay. Or breaking a 1056. Well, it's 1056 right now. Are we? You know what that means? It's a good time for the great taste. First the only problem is that what 1056 for who? Michael, he's just wandering around. He's not sitting around. He's not ready for the news. He's looking as watching. Are you crazy? You ought to your cut and pick in mind. I'm going to miss you on the TV. Exactly. He's not ready for the news. New. Put him on off and a couple. Make him into a superstar. Isn't that right Donald? Oh, Donald is good. It's a good time. Oh, no. The great taste. Can you step on Donald? Neil, this is not a tension. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Okay. Well, I tell you, noodles are talking kid. Okay. We want to do it now. Does he want the news now? They're taking more and more chunks out of this show for this silly guy named Carol with the dress. Catch us in the morning and catch up on the latest news weather traffic and sports on WINZ Miami 4th Avenue. Good morning from the 94 news room. This is Michael Wolf. I'll see what's going on down at the papal mass today. It's, uh, if you've been watching it at all, you've noticed there's a steady rain as they had an opening ceremony with the dancers there. Dancers. Why we don't know. Let's check in now with Frank Motik. He is at the press center and Frank, what do we get to tell us? The Holy Father is here with that post jump all the second doubt of his woman's in and had a joyous ride in the potmobile with Archbishop Erwin McCarthy this morning. And the solo was saying praise him. And right now, the part of his making his way up to the enormous stage of the expected for this occasion, 230,000 people at the park. And WINZ news director Jeff Ray is at the mass jet. All right Jeff Ray, from your vantage point, what can you see? We see the Pope now has gotten up to the altar there. Okay, we're having a problem getting through to Jeff right now. I can probably so loud there right now that they probably can't hear you. This has been an incredible spiritual and emotional experience. You've got Cuban flags, April flags, American flags waving. It was an incredible sight there this morning. And now the Pope is making his way up to the stage. There had been some concern that people in the crowd that might be injured. We understand nine people have been taken to local hospitals. There have been two heart attacks, one police officer has been attacked by red ants. And a couple of other minor things have occurred. Nothing major fortunately. Nothing to take away from the magnitude of this magnificent event going on at TAMAMU Park right now. Frank, a crowd estimate right now or anywhere from about 180,000 to 200,000. Have you heard any other numbers? I at least 230,000 right now. 10,000 people rushed in through the gate at midnight. And a couple of people who received minor injuries when they did that. All right. What about the rain flag? I'm sure that's a bit of a disappointment. Well, which Jeff was here to tell us more about that. But certainly the spirits have not been dampened. It looks like it's letting up somewhat. All right. Frank at this point, or at least a few minutes ago, the rain was a bigger concern. There was a fear of the possibility of lightning in the area. And there were a bunch of people. There was an announcement made that people should stay away from the sound towers. There was a threat of lightning striking it. And the announcer joked that we don't want to send anyone to heaven today. Well, that was certainly a good taste. As far as the injuries, I can confirm what you say about that. We did have one case reported to us at the man with respiratory arrest. And it was a surprise. A metro day police officer hospitalized after being read and unconfused. Why are we in a... Apparently the officer had an allergic reaction to a red ant in the field. All right. We're going to join CBS News now. And I'm sure they're going to pick up on the story from there. There you are. Sir, I'm going to start at a Tammy Amid Park. Right now it's 11 o'clock in. Let's go to CBS. The CBS News. I'm Christopher Glenn. Pope John Paul II has delivered a major address on Catholic Jewish relations to a delegation of American Jewish leaders in Miami. The Pontiff affirmed the Jews. I think it might be. Something's missing. Well, we know that. There's no question about that. Oh, a number of things are missing though. I think that has been worked out. The peels off last night and I can't find a damn thing in here. You know, it's just incredible. You know, the new video he's got out. Yeah. You know, he really blew it. You know, where he blew it at. I don't want to get into that. But he kept saying bad bad, you know. Oh, yeah. Like preaching. He was like, well, wait a minute. Now, I want you to listen to this very closely. Okay? I want you to listen to the first line of this, sorry. All right. If it ever cues off. Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Axing an important question. Okay. Did you hear that? Yeah. Did anything strike you as being strange about that? No. Okay. All right. Nothing struck you. There was nothing that he said there. That struck you as little bit peculiar, right? I met a fact that you forgot what he said already. Okay. Well, yeah. He's kind of like Chinese food. It doesn't last. He doesn't stay with you very long. He's going to do something. He's always jumping back into that bubble. There must be something wrong with this line. You're just going to have. Is there somebody on there? Somebody on here? Hold on. See, I told you. I knew that there was no open line in broad shaman. What's that? Michael Jackson is going to get married pretty soon. Yeah. To what? To what? Who is he going to marry? I can't tell you. No, I didn't say who I said what? What do you mean what? Maybe he's going to get married to a fire hydrant. Oh, yeah. Sure. Give it about another sixty days. Yeah, like maybe Rob Lowe or somebody like that. He's going to marry a woman. Very famous woman. Really? Yeah. Or are you clear, buoyant? No, but I have contacts in Hollywood. Oh, boy. This is more exciting than head of hopper. Yeah. He's going to get married. Would her first name be Elizabeth? No, no. I can't tell you because I have a... I'm not getting married to Rod Stewart. No. I'm going to be a woman. Oh, very nice. That's what I just said. He's a lady. You're not playing that record because I, you know. I'm going to play it right now. Are you? You'd be ready? I'd be ready, man. Okay. And then the Lord said, let there be life. And Lord, there was life from the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s. Yes, it's the rapping Bible. There was dark everywhere. Then the man said, like in the light was there. He said, I done good. There's no doubt on the seventh day. He just chilled out. Genesis. Genesis. Beginning of that. Beginning of this. Finally, the good book is that. And his word is that. Check it out. This is the sound called Sodom. And the mora. Everybody party like Luke tomorrow. God look down. Said, number four. Don't look back or you turn to song. That's way to the beat. Start at the free. The count came up and next. Oh, the song. All the perivers. Every sacred biblical word. Interpreted by the finest. I can see. Of all time. Genesis. Exodus. Exodus. We're all the same. The rapping Bible. Making his word. Christ. Again. Boys. It really acting up out there or what though. For his upset. He is foaming at the mouth of our Sally Fits. What is that? He is so upset with that. Channel seven coverage that he's starting to give it to us now. Yeah. Shame on you, Sally. Yeah. And old what's your name there to change your hairdo for the Pope. The Lord is upset about that. I don't know where you are, folks. But if you're anywhere in this area, man, it is thundering and lightning. And it's unbelievable. He's upset. Maybe the Holy Father can say something. You know, to get the Lord off our backs to kind of quail all this. He's only going to be here in a little over two more hours. Right? Not a ton of one thirty smart just in time for the end of the show. Just like he came in yesterday to a clock right on the dot when this show ended there he came. And that was no coincidence. By the way, we do have a actuality from our WYNZ news department. We do have the first words spoken last night. Now, seriously, in the Holy Bedroom from Archbishop McCarthy to the Holy Father. It's a good time for the great team. Oh, come on, I can't believe that. Okay, let's take a break. It's 11.18 at WINZ. And of course, noodles was probably there. And checking it out. What the right track. The doors be just lost in your eyes. And it is coming down. Come on down. I'm gonna go out. I'm gonna rip myself to death. I'm so good. That's so good to me. It's raining now. I'm gonna lure it from WINZ and me. Every time I'm dead. I'm full, I'm full, I'm full, I'm full. You're not gonna leave. I'm full, I'm full, I'm full. Why are you asking for a holy Father? And you're getting... That's unbelievable. And it just sounds like he had the holy for dollars on it. The walls are shaking. I'm expecting Fred Wolfe to start talking any second boy. Championship bowling in heaven. You don't watch bowling on TV. I used to. I don't think Fred Wolfe is with us anymore. I'm not sure either. Can you? It was at WXYZ. It's right. I'm sure Joey Pinto could tell us. It's possible to get into that, right? B bowling on TV. I mean, you can get into it. No, not one Chris Shankle is doing it. No. Well, it's tough to get into anything that Chris Shankle is doing. Would Nelson Burton Jr. I mean, anybody named Nelson? Okay, let's take another call here. Just to see if they're still holding on during the thunderstorm. Hello. Good morning, you. Boy, oh boy, are they all harder? What? Are you doing? Good. I just hang out my living room and I got Mr. Pope on with the sound off. And you on with the sound on. Wow. I highly recommend it. Would you book up a little please sir? Go ahead. Um, play it. It's raining all the boys the first time. Those dancers were on. They had dancers on. Three gay men and four very questionable women. And it started to rain at the time to play the song. Wow. Boy, oh boy. They were doing weird things with ropes and stuff. Yeah. Well, that must have been that Pope on the rope thing, yeah. Pat Neil, the Pope's in green today. Is he really? Like a forest green dress. Hmm. Beautiful. Dashing. That's just me, shit. I'm green with envy. Just thinking about it. And when you played the bottle. Do you have envy? Where's that record? Go ahead sir. When you played the Bible, rap. Yeah. Actually, he's standing reading out of the Bible. Wow. You know, you got to try it. To the other 79,000 people. Well, but he'd be real impressed now. This is the only show in town. It's kind of doing like in sync with the Pope. And they showed us guy. We want to know why I'm bored. Is this what that is? Yeah. What a shame that is. Great bad. When the father or Raleo probably blame that on Bob Weaver, they'll have to be brought to something. You know, Neil, bird, have a good day. Okay, you too. Why the fish is that restored pretty good now. It's frightening. I can't believe this. You got all that Southern Bell crap out of the building. Finally, we excommunicated Larry Mixon and our friends at Southern Bell. They've been sent to purgatory. If anybody in the audience who's got Southern Bell equipped, and by the way, you may not know it, but you're in purgatory too. Where ever this is? What a white-ow. They've browned. It's just the white-ow. They're there. Hello. And it's in green, by the way. The buttons are in green. In honor of the Holy Father. Yes. Yes, man. That sounds unbelievable. I know he's a good or what? It sounds fabulous. I know it sounds almost like FM, like stereo. Metapone shoved into my ear. We're practicing. Yeah. What the fuck? I've been trying to figure out why if Jack Quartzheimer and Pacson are ready or the same person lately. I mean, I look exactly alike. I'm sorry. What were you saying, sir? Did you get to that, too? Yes. Did you get to that, too? Yes. Did you get to that same person? Absolutely. Why isn't I over my house? What is he talking about? Do you know? What was the question? Why isn't I over in my house? I run. I were who, Fistel. Oh. Yes, this is me and I was the yes. The board was supposed to answer that question. What is this man talking about? Do you understand any of this? I don't understand the question at all. But I am like I'm doing a show in Czechoslovakia. I don't know or something like this. This is called from South Florida. It's a religious thing. I'm watching a pope and I've just been taking over. Yeah. You have a religious thing. I believe we're somebody from the Archdiocese. So be right over. I take care of it for you. 25 past 11 at WI and we. Are we we're still in the air, right? How about the FM is FM off the air? Oh, it doesn't make any difference. Okay. Do you want to talk about your policy? I'll see. By the way, when you when you call, I'll just put you on a hold in here. And then that way Kyle can. Monkey around with the FM up there and pretend that we care about the RISON here. Well, it's true. They got to take care of all the switches and the buttons and the lightning and the thunder. I know. Actually, what this whole storm is about is the FM. You didn't realize that. But the Lord is punishing Zeta. He's up. Yeah. He's a whizzy, but he just saw the book. And. Well, he just got around with, you know, he's been kind of busy. And the wait till he sees the trans boy. He's going to really. He'll be out. Be very upset. We might get a hurricane. I don't want to get anybody panicky. But another couple of weeks, Hurricane Donald, when you know who has time to Hurricane who? It's a good time for the great taste. Oh, boy. New trends will be out next week. I start getting butterflies in my stomach just thinking about eating it. I know. How could anybody say that with a straight face? Of course, we're Donald's concern. Straight face would be. Come on. I know. I know. I just made up. Everything is wonderful. We made nice. And in fact, I understand that Greg was a little bit jealous when he heard about that. He said that on the air. He said he was jealous. But anyway, you know, I don't promote that obscure FM show that you never have a show for. And you're always dragging me in there to be on the show. There's the second time you've only been doing it for about six weeks. You cut some sound for me one week, which is during the Jorge Valdez thing. Which you have very nice. And I did, I wanted you to come in and sit in on it. I've been wanting you to do that since I've been doing the show on Zeta. And you were kind enough to come over and be my special guest last night. It is a wild show. I think it runs twice on Sunday. I think 630 in the morning and then again at midnight. And you're saying about cutting some sound for him. Now, come on. Shame on you. You were great. You tasteless before you. We didn't get anything done. We were supposed to, but we had a great time. We played your favorite records. I like you pick out, I will be taking it with my favorite records. But I like having a wrong night. Yeah, I played it. I played it. I played it. I played it by music. Yeah. Wouldn't it be something if the FM was playing music like I picked out last night. They might have somebody listening. Because great. It was great. It was a good show. Yeah. Spine of you. Uh-huh. Well, he comes on. He uses the theme. The leave it to be worth the time. That was so embarrassing. I picked that up. So if he had sounded great. Yeah. He's like my line about Wally. I think you're close off. That was a good line. Really? Peter, probably, uh, get up early Sunday morning. Here that it's on Sunday morning. It's like a big, sturdy Peter about this show because why? We didn't accomplish anything we were supposed to do. But it's great. We talked about the boat. What is this we again? It's not my show. It's your show. I went in there. I had no idea what the hell you wanted me to do. You said pick out some music. I picked out five good records. I sat there and entertained your, uh, great. Bain Alla. Hello everyone. And, uh, your incipient behavior. Come on. Come on. But why would you say we didn't do what he wanted? What is it that he wants? What is that show supposed to be all about? See now we've never been able to figure out. It's kind of like the old Kathy West Joe on Saturday morning. How did he had any idea what it was supposed to be? Kind of the same. Primarily the host. Yeah. It's sort of in the same genre. Is that she got tired of taking my, uh, crap, you know? Well, something awards, uh, similar to the same thing. Shee-man you've had. Watch your mouth out with Chrisco. Okay. Let's, um, let's punch this up here like magic and see what happens. This is a lot of fun this way. We don't have to say date or brow or door. That's kind of bushly. Say hello. Hello. And nothing happens. Is it what I like? Are you there or are you just, uh, pretending to be human? Come on. See, I told you there was somebody there. I give up. Yeah. Oh, and the Elizabeth here. This is me. Hey. Now, this was one of the people that showed up at the PWA last night for the rally. Yeah. And my question to you and this is an all-arnessed day and respectful. Why do you malign us because we go out for and we do something? Why do I malign who? The people with the rally. I haven't maligned anybody went out to the rally. The only person I maligned was Bob Cunstein. I didn't malign anybody else. In fact, I offered yesterday or was it Wednesday. Mm-hmm. I offered. It's the beginning of the show. And I begged people to go out there and protest and demonstrate to call in and give information and encourage people to do it. We never had one call. You didn't have one call. You had me. Yeah. I mean, you lambasted me so bad. What do you mean I had you? I'm the one that called. You didn't call to talk about a demonstration. You're the one that called about Bob Cunst. Why, but you? I'm not going to talk to you again today. Again, you see you're doing the same thing. And at this is what happens with Cunst. He always becomes the issue. Instead of talking about what people are doing out there and inviting people to come out and demonstrate, you know, Danny wants to talk about Bob Cunst. And that's the problem with him. He's always got to be at the forefunk. Get all the media exposure. This guy wasted, I don't know, how many minutes the other day talking about how mean I am to Bob Cunst and why don't I give him a chance instead of saying, hey, you know, we're going to be marching at this time. We want people to come out. We want whatever they're trying to accomplish. And, you know, obviously there's an important very important message here to be gotten across. Nobody knows the better than I do. But this guy, more interested in, you know, promoting Bob Cunst. Who was? Who was on our morning news blog. And got plenty of publicity. This reminds me of father or Riley, you know, who last night. I come on and blames the media because nobody showed up last night because they give too much time to all these other things. I mean, anybody who could sit with a straight face if you're not expressed. And, you know, suggest the media in this town hasn't given enough coverage to the circus that's been going on for the last two or three days. I mean, how they how could they do it? The only people you maligned was the media for not covering the demonstration. Exactly. Didn't I already say that this morning? I talked about the fact that if you watched the first half hour of the news on Channel 4 last night like I did, you didn't see any of the demonstrations. Are any of the people with the negative view on this? All you saw was the mutual admiration, the butt kissing routine that the media goes through just like they did with Metro Railman. Oh, it's the most disgusting behavior anybody can imagine. I'm not saying that, you know, Hamburg or somebody's got to come on and say the Pope's a jerk. But for crying out loud, at least give a little balance coverage. Instead of waiting to look for it to midnight when everybody's gone to bed and you know giving 30 seconds to a few people like me and a handful of others who are saying, hey, we got some problem with this guy. Boy, just pathetic. But I got news for you, pal. If you want to call here again and give me a song to dance about Bob Coold, to be on just as long as you were this time for about three seconds. If you want to say something constructive and deal with an issue and do something positive, great. I'm all for that. But just don't learn to that. He just don't want to learn. Hello. Hello. Hi. How are you? Okay. Glad I got you when you went into your good mood. In any case, I thought I'd tell you to get a kick out of this. Two newscasters just now and TV one turns to the other lightly, you know, because let's face it. This isn't the most serious issue over our time. And says my goodness, I wish the Pope would say a couple of words upstairs and cut off the weather. I'd like you said a few minutes ago. Yeah. The other one says very, very straight faced. Obviously the crowd is being blessed with heavenly holy water. Oh boy. Okay. I got what other thing to tell you that? Well, in that case, the all to put away there on brothers. I'll use stupid idiots down there who are listening. Put away those umbrellas. Would you please? Hey, because it's only what I'm exactly. How I must tell you, we have sunk to a new low absolute truth. You can verify this story yourself. I had to send a package out last night. Federal Express. I call federal to see if that new office is open on the university impines, you know, the little Boosh type thing. I should say it's open to me and it's on a surprise to tell me and so on. I go down there and I give my girl the package to the girl and I handle $11 and she says I'm sorry sir. We don't take cash. It's it's it happened Neil. They don't take cash. They'll take a marriage and express. They'll take personal checks. They'll take company checks. But it happens. I don't take cash. Well, it's part of that new worldwide trial-adural conspiracy sir. I think so. And we may have John Broward on the next hour to expose it for us. Listen, he's been fabulous today. Don't let that one dope get you down. No, he doesn't listen. He doesn't bother me in a least but I gave him a chance the other day. I give him more than enough time and all he wanted to do was give me a lecture on how come, you know, I'm a line Bob Cunst. And as I said, you know, there's a very serious issue there that obviously ought to be addressed. But this guy doesn't want to do it. Absolutely. Okay, have a great day. It's you. The album you've waited for. John Paul, George and Ringo. You say you want a paper blessing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know. All right, everybody, come on for the paper tour. Write this way, my children. La la. Come on to my paper tour. I am your John Paul. I am the Pontiff. I am the Wallace. Cook who could chew. Here are the pot of saying all your paper favorites. We're such and peppers lonely cat, lick, man. We hope you will enjoy my mess. Don't waste your money on giving you a paper favor. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. Don't waste your money on giving your friends various and sundry sheep, paper, chockeys. When you can give them John Paul, George and Ringo. Saying got a tune. Would you stand up and walk out on me? John Paul, George and Ringo. Order before midnight tonight and hear the special backwards message on the Pope. Available only to good Catholics who have made a good act of contrition. It's a good time for the great taste. I would certainly agree with that. It's 1136 at W.I. and Z. We're going to take a little break here. Everybody's going to calm down. Take a deep breath. Take a little in hailed little holy water. In fact, all of us right now are going to go out under tower number two. Open our mouths. Like ducks. Isn't it duck? Turkey's do that, don't they? In fact, some turkeys are so stupid. They say that they went at rains. They go out and they open up their beak. They say, which I don't want to mention. And he names. And they just drown from the rainwater. So I don't do that. Just planning a little seed in your mind. Here's 67. I have six miles down. The bombs, the bombs, the bombs, the bombs. Got given the grace. The bombs, the bombs, the bombs, the bombs. They like to smoke. 21 till noon at W.I. and Z. We're just inserting that as kind of like a rejoiner. Part of our civil class. Yeah. Okay, let's take some more calls here. What do you say? We're doing so well. We've got a captive audience today. Yeah. Because everybody except those lungheads who are running around in the rain getting baptized again. You only need to get baptized once, right? I'm not an expert on that stuff. But I would think once. Yes. Once. Would be enough. You just think off your pink yarmulco. And then you'll have to rain hit you on the head a little bit. Then boom. Back it goes. That's right. Absolutely. Of course you have to be careful because some people the whole in their head is right where the head is. And a little water on the brain every now and then. Okay. Hello. Yes sir. Oh. My honor. Yes sir. We really caught your off guard. Yeah. Nobody. That's right. Listen. I just. More common. Really. Uh. You can knock down the purple. No. Not us. We love the holy father. Well, I don't know. I killed it. I just thought we would do anything. I've killed it anymore. Not Sunside told it like it is about this new end of followed part. Oh, the way I look at it is this. Yeah. Peeper just love. Oh yeah. Lotsa love right. Lotsa and lotsa love. The way he condemns. I mean just a buttery group of people that's ever been invented you know. Should take him on. Let's take the I chicken ground and then philosophical arguments. Don't. Don't lower to .. No. Wait a minute. Is this your show? Are you calling from Portland main. No. don't do this and don't do it whatever the hell I want to. Not if you don't like it you don't have to listen right? Yes but I think you would you would have a better impact if you don't not know you see you're doing the same thing. You know it reminds me of something that a very silly guy told me a couple of weeks ago if I were doing the show I would do this and you would I told him I don't give a damn what you would do because you're not doing the show. That's exactly what I told him before he went back to Maine. And I'll tell you the same thing. I don't care what you would do if you want to get your own show more power to him. I'm sure you'd be great you got a terrific voice. I'm not here when thing the effect you're causing with some people you're turning many people into Catholics. Just like all yeah just statistics are incredible it's just unbelievable a number of people are becoming Catholics every minute is just amazing they're jumping into showers and baptizing themselves they're going wild yeah. It's a natural reaction well more power to him sir than I'm doing a wonderful job for the Holy Father because he loves making good Catholics so what are you complaining about? But did it stay? Oh, why are you listening to it? I listen to you. Nobody else seems to be upset about it. We haven't had one complaint in the last two days from end that I know of. It won't be surprised how many people that really you're looking a lot of fans let me tell you. You know something? Good jokes. You know something? Adios. Losing a lot of fans with my jokes you know the reviews of the same kind of people. Long as you pick on everybody else then it's okay but as soon as it starts getting close to home. Oh boy we don't like you anymore you're a bad guy well you know stick it where the Mundo and shine palettes all I can tell you I live without you I'm sure the guy hasn't been listening for 11 and a half years right I live without him before him will somehow scrape by without him now and it'll be difficult it'll be clinical scrape. Oh that was a good call that was my favorite of the morning. Okay hello. Hey Neil you turned me in the catholic okay bless you my child just put the money in a plate and will give you the address related to the I mean I sound like it but this is Lewis Carroll do you remember me oh yeah through the looking glass right I was like a stand of the 19th century I used to hang out with kids yeah used to hang out with Alice I know about you. I had Alice and even Grace Licken I hung out and she wrote a song about me in the 60s good drugs together but I went to put to the Pope now I know why that white rabbit comes around at Easter time. Yeah well rabbit have some good qualities. I know like sex the Pope doesn't want anything to do with rabbits either. No he just wants humans to appropriate like rabbits. Well anyway I was at the Pope visit yesterday and I had a little tribute here and Lewis Carroll style the read you guys to lighten things up a bit. Okay it's brief I hope it's not one of these long. Oh I knew it. Pretty quick now it's it's brief okay. First out the time has come the Pope did say to preach of many things like loving God and a lightning rod for folks not deserving of wings. Focus faith he talked of hope and rewards awaiting the meat. Our IRS that they're overstopped best and tally the trinkets he keeps. Pain's just known began to blab on a filthy old subject called sex. Don't wear a glove when you're poking your love those cute sperm will be breaking their neck. Pretty heavy stuff. Oh yeah I'm not going to go on and read it pretty bad. Well yeah obviously I think we just got right to the right to the edge of the line so to speak. Now these pedophiles are yeah I sure do. Well listen we'll be sending you two tickets to stand by me and little plastic Jesus for your dashboard. Give me a picture of stand. And a picture of a stand major and Jeff Stryker together okay thanks a lot. Thank you. My cotton hole my this morning I was so happy to have a. I just want to be pushy but if you don't have the tire about half of the life. I'll have to call one of the boys. This is what we don't want to start any trouble. We know what I'm going to all in stradges all the guys in Brooklyn. What connected with all the friends of the family. I said okay. He's got with a dress. I mean what the hell happened to all these macho Italians. This is a Sillian's. Get none of their hands in knees. A guy with a green dress. What the. Kind of a goyish a cup is this guy. Okay that's enough of that. Bearishing that guy's going to get upset that called once ago. Got to get about the FM. I do want to say the spoiled do even bad voices. Sound good on the FM. You can believe I like yours. You know it's true you sit back there with a headphones and you can believe. Of course all of the equipment in the building is on the FM. Right. We might even sound good at well. I might sound good at well. In this end of the building if we had that equipment. You why have they got some stuff back there. I mean leave it heavy duty stuff. Good. It sounds awesome. Yeah. Playing all like good stuff on compact disc. Even Martha in the Van Delas sighted sounded like they never left the West Grand Boulevard. And he tried. I mean it was frightening. See when we listened to we played dancing in the streets. And when you and I were growing up we listened to that on A.L. Of course if you were to play that you would have played it by K.C. And the sunshine bed. There he is. Didn't he do that? He did that with some girl K.C. Did dancing in the streets. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. My turn was the only one in America. I played it. It was Simon. Well Bill has a soft spot on his heart for a hairy K.C. I know. Oh was that was that a what a class act. There's no is. Is that incredible. Well you know. Okay. Let's take another call. I'm going to be listening to that show. I'm going to get a early Sunday morning. Wow. And listen to that. Six thirty Sunday morning and then again at midnight. Yeah. Twice. Well this one may not play twice. Yeah. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. I mean. Hello. Hello. Hi. Listen. This is Joe's son. What do you say we go swimming in an across full of staff to know? Seriously though that people missed me through that was erving paycheck a little brother. I mean. I had a real success. Oh seriously. Irving paycheck. I thought that was a little brother. He's there. It's on the mystery tour. Who the next one? Yeah. I don't know. I'm the local representative for the Broward County chapter of Neil and I'm. Oh yeah. I like that. So addicted to your show. Yeah. What we're trying to do is get together some group therapy sessions. You know similar to junkies where they put them on. That's the dome. Yeah. I do is get my little fan major. You know a little bit. There's one guy in town who definitely is addicted to the show. It needs your help. He's first on the list on the waiting list. Well we've got a 1 800 numbers just dial 1 800 alley. Yeah. That's a good time for the great teacher. Yeah. He's number one on the waiting list. He is obsessed. We kind of bring him along with a little dome of quag and tell us. That'll be a really ready. We'll give him some breath. Bruce Williams. Yeah. And maybe a little Sally Jesse on the side. Yeah. Once they get to that stage, your basically ready. And then we can give him just a little bit of a feeling of a little bit of a feeling that we can give him just a little bit of a sound to bring him back into the show. A little Joey Reynolds, bro. Yeah. What do you think of that crowd to parade last night? I thought it was sensational. And the interesting part of it is if the media hadn't been there, it would have been a shut-out. Yeah. It would have been a command performance. Friend Bishop of course was talking to crowds all of us. She wasn't doing too well. I'm not a man. I did watch him home. She's the woman's half-up. I'll tell you one thing boy. She may not always do the news right. But she can drive a truck. It's unbelievable. She can weave through traffic on real. I like going about her boxer shorts. Yeah. That was good. Well, meanwhile you got me. So I heard him from Molly Turner by the way. I can't do any work. Friend of mine. We were heading for golf in one day when you were doing your how and ill thing. And I've been hooked ever since. So I thought I'd start the group. We'd get to see people off so they could get back to work. Okay. Well, I'll tell you after noodles, Ricky Tickie will be over two of them. I might come together. They used to work together. So maybe you can give them a package deal. Okay. I do have a request. Okay. I'm sure that I knew this was coming up. I do need to hear badly. I'd rather to do. For my friend's basement. He's got to hear it. For your friend who? Face man. I don't want to reveal his real name. Steve Burman. But yeah. What I thought you had. Oh, no. Oh, space man. Okay. Well, we'll see what we can do for you. I've got to know. Okay, you too. Just when you thought traffic or records couldn't possibly be more tasteless. And a thing, a thing for bullfling. I met this year, accountant. He's about to time to smooth. That's right. It's the cat skill, Cowboy himself. Dr. Irving Paycheck. You're singing the all-time greatest hits of Noshville. I still hear the accountant. You gotta know how to feed him. Know how to feed him. If you've on a little good life, keep us safe. If you've on a little good life, keep us safe and sit off both. And who could forget this flavorful cut? We've been relaxed. In all their own places. We've been relaxed. I'd buy my vacancies. Fallen is tough. Be sure there's no faces. A ball is far too much so. And no collection of old country music would be complete. Without Dr. Irving Paycheck's dietary classic. I have a scoge yet. Then those chevboss who, yes, crap co-recorded proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Noshville. It does not my amymouth. To order Noshville hits, dial 1-800-A-SPA. Dr. Irving Paycheck. Because he's got those Noshmiami moves. Yeah. By the way, the rumor is the Pope can say Hutspa. So, what is that, Tony? Can he really? You know, he started reading that speech last night with kind of a funny accent. And it's a went on a little more. Seriously, did you see that? It was incredible. And he was oblivious. I mean, it was poor priest. They got up there and they said, you know, we're tired. You know, we've been working all these alter boys. And he wore a worn out, you know. And he was oblivious. He just ignored everything. They said he got up there. And they better speech. Seriously, his accent became almost comical. Almost, well, yeah. It was right on the borderline. Anyway, I think we better, we'd be taking a break here as well we'd be going to do it's 8 minutes till noon at WI and Z. We'll come right back. And just want to count boys to head near home. I just want to count boys who's written this in the wrong. I just want to count boys who's so excited and so. Yeah, I just want to count boys and jump on the poster. Man, one day in the crackhouse soon. You can happen. Till us two, we'll have to keep in the form of clear across the room. It's bad, hey, look what she's got here. You're supposed to get to my ring. I said if I wanted to see your bathtub, I would've been out of the same room. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's been on me, man. I'd be his blue nud. He takes me out of kick the ground. I think you've had enough from a gun! All right, go to California to the McKin<|th|>'s Furniture! Here I am! Just wanna count them up in a long white, zucky drop! I know that before you can love seeing your Rogers, and speaking of that, we have a rumor just in from the WI and C. Rumor Male, first one in a long time, by the way. And it says Rick Stacey has jumped ship at Y100 and gone to Atlanta! Yeah, they were heavy rumors about that. Well, the hell is Rick Stacey? PD, Y100? No. Yeah. What? Are you serious? Okay, let's take a call here before we have to end the hour prematurely. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I don't know if you heard that, but the Pope had dinner with Ron and Nancy Reagan last night. Wow. What a trifecta. Yeah, they served a police sausage and two vegetables. That's good. That's very good. Do we reckon that Sponsor over there at Wanky FM, we're playing the Vatican Ragnet's sport? Oh, no. Are you serious? That's original. Boy, that's almost as original as Joey playing the I-95 asshole record. That's great. But he played Joey played high-hope or high-poto sport. Yeah, but he had that first. Yeah. He had it first. That's right. But he was about to... Okay. And Shabbat Shalom. Okay, what is this? Okay. Yeah, Joey played a first. I KDK and 1921 in February. It's very radio job. And then he was about 35. So you figure out the arithmetic. Now we don't want to pick on Joey because he's had a checker career. And he was kind of like the underlying up at NBC. The under. He was like the P on. Was he? That was a terrible thing. And Howard Stern did two, I'm a spy the way. The disgusting tacky. See Howard Stern isn't just like biting and funny. Howard Stern's nasty. Personally, he's a douchebag, you know, basically. Unlike you. It's kind of like Tom Likes basically. That's a great similarity. In fact, I think probably in this chalky purgatory. The two of them will team up together. Okay, well that's going to do it. Right at time, we have a little premature elimination here on the show. We have to get out of here, make way. And after my golf gets you up today with all the Pontifical goings on, then we have CBS news at noon. Minus the McLaughton Pivens. Good morning from the 94 news. Room, Pope John Paul II celebrating mass for nearly 250,000 people at last count in a reinsope park in southwest day today. He spoke about crime, corruption, and contraception. Standing by at the wind's press center right now is when reporter Frank Motek Frank. Yes, the pilot right now is delivery. That mass to the huge sometimes hysterical crowd. Earlier at Wave Cuban people in American flags in that light rain as the Pope drove through the crowd in his poimal field. And then a thousand voice choir and 60 piece symphony began performing church music as the mighty Pontif made his way to the... Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaca, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from... Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Heraldia? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Heralds, sir. People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral pines. You know, big yenthus who say, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bad boys at Windixing? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. Incredible. Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got a night? What's Lee Fowler got? Three points on things? Send your tax deductible contributions today in Caribout 105. Herman. Unfeelable. It's a good time for the great taste. Neal, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Okay. Thanks so much. Wow, listen, you forget if you don't get these constant reminders. You look at that, the pulp and Dwight Lodderdale, together in Stereo. Oh, oh. All we need is end bishop to fill up the whole screen. When the night has come. Okay, that's enough of all that stuff. If we don't stop, you'll start talking about River Phoenix again. And all of our audience will start doing cartwheels. What is the big deal? Somebody tell me Sally was just asking me about that. But River? Who the hell is River Phoenix? First of all, what kind of a name is that? River Phoenix. You and Nama Kid River? Oh, sure. All the time. River Schwartz. You know, no, well. The people mass has been cut short because of a lightning storm moving through the area. Archbishop McCarthy made the announcement to the crowd who were obviously very unhappy. Probably, you know, who's going to get blamed for it, don't you? No question about it. And I take full responsibility. You're a fall. I, the matter fact, it was just a rumor about my getting the tire. No, seriously, I had my little electrical kid that Mr. Wizard said me when I was a little kid. And I was out there rubbing all kinds of stones and sticks and, you know, doing little Indian rain dance. You know, it's rough on me when you were on vacation because I got blamed for everything. So so glad you came back. In that case, it was right. Look at that. There's Reverend Cunningham. Isn't that exciting? Boy, oh boy. Is there anything else going on in the world or is that so? You know, it's all kinds of things going on in the world. Boy, you know, I was watching the tennis last night. They're like, they don't even know this is happening. Yeah. They tend to what on like usual last night was great, you know? Oh, I do hear that that one Swedish kid used to be an alter boy. What is his name? Machia. I think you're right. Oh boy. By the way, I want to thank whoever. Oh, yeah. It's an accurate message. You were only blamed for one thing, ruining the show while I was in the game. And of course, in that case, can there be any doubt? Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Very good. When is this? It's great watching TV. We're watching TV. We're watching the same thing. You know, listen the same show. Well, sure. I'm listening. Yeah. I'm listening to mine too right now. So I don't know. They are there making too big deal. What's that? Can't live it? Yeah. I guess they cut a short. So to speak. And anything in this power to like, you know, to just cut out the rain. Just right now. Exactly. If he's so powerful, I'll come in and raise his, uh, miter or his meter as Judy Muller said on CBS. I was forgot about that. But I thank you for bringing me back to reality. His green meter. I guess he's going around for F.P.N.L. Reading meters or something. Can you believe she said that? I'm on Utah. Here she's doing news on CBS from coast to coast. And she called it a meter. I guess if it was Pope Peter would have been a Peter meter. Shame on you, Judy. Shame on you. I guess it has to be Montestee and his party. Didn't want to show off and finish so many people. Evidently, yeah. Didn't want to do one of those magical acts. If it would have been oral Roberts, then we'd have had a different story. But down the stairs. Oral would have just let it one finger to the sky boy. And it would have been all over with. You know what he might have did after that. This is too long. Is that on car? That's why they cut a short because it was too long. Can you control yourself? Please, you sound like you're going to give birth. You sound like you're going to have a baby any second. And what's that Pope thing in there? You got news for it. It's a very painful experience I am told. Well, that's good. Oh wait a minute. Is this Mark? Is this Mark? No, when he's Mike. Mike. Yeah. Well, that was the bird. I think this is Mark. He says you sound like that Mark that's supposed to come. The heavy kid. Yeah. Why don't you want to say fat? The fat is Mark. Are you fat? Am I fat? Yeah, a little. What do you mean a little like what? About 200 pounds overweight? How much? A raised 30 pounds. Oh, that's not bad. Okay. We can get that off with a skin graft. So it can do that fact because I don't know. What? What? You think this is? What? Sounds like him. You do birds. They call it coming from us. This from Data Brower. Is it? Dave. It's not even from Brower. You bird brain. I'm talking about this idiot over here that just keeps, you know, the bird. He's becoming his expertise. He's just expanding by the moment. He just a maven. A raven maven. The bird? Yeah. I hate that guy. I don't blame you. He's developing rapidly a core of heat mongers. Oh, not that that. He's not that bad. We don't hear them that bad. It's just so, it's a friendly hate. Okay. Well, listen. It's been a lot of fun, but, you know, I know it's just too long. Or baby sitting service can only last for so long. And then you got to go, how come you're not, what are you doing today? But am I doing today? My day off work because I decided not to go to work. Oh, yeah. Good idea. Good thinking. I was thinking about that. Okay. Have a wonderful time. All right. What is it? The bird and come to baby sitting service. He's going to have to pay next to 50 dollars. Okay. I'll tell Stan you said that. My quote once little comment here to chat with Jeff and all of our boys down there. Tammy and me part. Just let everybody know what's going on. The weather is turning extremely bad down there. And I spoke with Jeff just a second ago. And he told me there were a few more lightning hits. Very, very close to the people standing out there. So they decided rather than leave the crowd out in the open. They're going to end it right now and send everyone home rather than have them standing. You see, I don't understand. It's couldn't they have given those people if having for bed something bad happening. We had a lot of guys around a given the last rights right on the spot. Well, let's find out right now from Jeff Ray. He's live down at Tammy. I mean, part could Jeff, what's going on? Well, I will answer my question a little later on about the lightning. 1215 at WI and Z. And you know, what can I say? We do have also this actuality. Frank Motek called in little while ago. They Holy Father, what disappointed, obviously, that they had to cut the whole mass short and did have this comment. I was co-shat. Then co-share balls. Cool. Okay, thank you. Yeah, it does sound exactly like we was speaking last night. Maybe a little dinner with the Delhi. Okay, maybe they took them to the Rascal house. Maybe that's why he sounded a little lump. But if you wear a Yarmakya long enough, soon or later something's got a rub off. Okay, let's take another call here and see if there's somebody alive on the line. Hello? Like I told you, there's somebody on here on positive. Hello? Clonel. Yeah, see? I told you, he just got to wait these people up. Yeah, I like to speak with Neil. You're speaking to him, sir. Is it the famous Neil Rogers? No, this is the less famous Neil Rogers. Right. Well, listen, I just want to ask you a quick question. I'd like to know why you're next on WI, when you don't have any idea what you're talking about. Here's Mr. humor on the phone. Here we go again. Sir, we'll get it out of your system. All right. What is your problem? What are you upset with? I feel you're an intelligent human being. But on the air for so many years. But. All right. But I happen to be a professional bullet. You started an oxenopmer. I love bullet. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're going to have a brawl here about bowling. What's that? I like bowling. I enjoy bowling, okay? Mr. Kishenko has been on the air for 20 years. Too long. Too long. He's terrible. He's horrible. All right. The last famous thing that he did when he was doing the New York football Giants in 1956 and he said he faked him out of his junkstrap and then he paused for five seconds realizing what he had said and said, yeah, he faked him out of his shoes. And that was the most fit. I'm that's a true story. I saw it with my own three eyes. Okay. When I was a kid, that's a true story. That's the last famous thing that Kishenko has done. He's going to the spot of professional bowling over the year on ABC for many, many years. Great. I'm so sorry. Chris, I take it all back. He's great. That's a good idea. If you bet on a baller, I might leave a living at a fashionable baller and I know Nelson Brighton very well. Nelson Burton's an excellent analyst and a good boy. Was he great? Well, you don't have a sense of humor. Sir, the reason I said it is because my first name is Nelson. Okay. It was a little self-deprecating shot. It was a joke. Okay. And you're sitting out there so uptight. You know what the problem is? You've had your fingers and I was holds for too many years. And you're all uptight about a relaxed take a thick and deep breath. It was just a joke. Oh, I was just a joke. You're inviting to another victory dinner, but since you feel that I should keep the fingers and my fingers in the hall. Did I say that? Did I say that this guy is so uptight over bowling? Any call it is rolling in his grave listening to this conversation. Okay? But he bummed our is rolling in his grave. Pretty well from WXYZ and Detroit. Good wolf. From champion to bone. Exactly. My favorite. Are you with your favorite? I love Freddy Wolf. Well, you did. He used to be a disjockey at WXYZ and Detroit. Yes, I remember that he was on Newfound Channel 9 in New York with Championship Ball. There you go. But I think that was always fun. I was way before your time. No, it wasn't way before my time with Buddy Ball Mar in BuzzFazio and Thurman Gibson and Eddie Koalich. You didn't know that I had this incredible knowledge of bowling. Exactly. See? And you're out of your day. Are you calm down now or you pacify? I'm about you. I'm very calm. I don't think you're calm. You started screaming at me. I've never said all I can say. Are you still there? Get on here. Okay. I hope you make the 710 next time it comes up. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck to you. Bless you, my child. Never heard anyone upset about bowling. I thought this guy was going to be upset about the pole. Something we did today. He's upset about the Chris Shankle. Oh, boy. Wow. Holy Toledo. Go worry about something that matters. You know? She's a saying, Akron, holy Toledo. 12 19, W.I. and see we're going to be putting in a call to Toledo in a little bit. And let's take a break and see if we can recover on the, we're going to be shooting the 410 right after this. Don't say they're out of the airport. Boy, oh boy, they're always any time. That guy with a bowling man. That was the most incredible. Historical. And he did realize I know quite a bit about bowling. I used to bowl in two leagues. Right. And I mentioned the 410 split. I made course. I'm a little tander, but I've made the 410 split a few times, which is, you know, I can't be don't bowl on. First when you're bowling 52. No, I used to have a 186 185. Don't bowl on the station team. No, because I, in one game, I would do more than all of them put together. So would be a little embarrassing. Even though I haven't bolded a couple of years, but once you've got the touch, once you've picked up that ball, that's had room broken 100 last week. Did he really boy? What was that? I cute. That was a collective I cue of the people watching. And of course you were watching. You were wondering two points. So was that? But now the guy thinks I'm talking about things. I don't know about. I happen to know quite, look at all the names of the bulls that I rattled off there. Without even saying about it. That's right. And we put an occult during the break to try to smooth things out a little bit. Don Carter down there in Kendall at the Don Carter lanes. Who had this to say about the show. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Well, I probably wasn't done. That was his wife. What is her name? Ms. Also a written well. No, she's a very accomplished board. Oh yeah. That's right. Oh yeah. You are so shameless. Not to mention an airhead, but so shameless. I could you say that about me. You say those things like, oh sure. I knew that all along. And you haven't got like yesterday. I'm making some baseball player. I mean, you wouldn't know Kevin Mitchell from Martha Mitchell. That's what you know about baseball. Wow. Okay. Let's qualify this statement. I'm an airhead when it comes to sports. Now I agree with you there. I don't know anything about sports. Lost. Okay. But I think you should qualify your statement. And what's the reason for that? Is there any special reason you've got to know about sports? I mean, if I didn't know anything about sports, that might not surprise anybody in the audience. Isn't it weird? Because I'm supposed to be the, you know, I know. Isn't it weird? And here I am. I'm human sports for me. Bore me two tears. They do. I cannot watch football. I know it's weird. I know it's un-American. I'm not a communist. I'm not a Nazi, but I still don't watch football. That's why when I sat here and said Jim Langer was the center for the Miami Dolphins. I don't need anybody come to my rescue over there. No, right now. You're in an area of lost. Although Jim Langer may have to be of the center because now the Dwight Stevenson is injured. And you know all about that, of course. But Dwight Stevenson's injury. I, and John offered all of these people, right? I read, well, you do know Dan Moreno. Yeah, I looked like the Joker in Batman. He's got those lips, you know? And I was like, I think he's a Romero when he played the Joker in Batman. Right. I do watch, he does. Without the white face, I'm serious. He's got those strangest lips. But he's a great quarterback. We love Dan Moreno. Even if he does have bizarre lips. Right? Right. And no AJ do he? Oh yeah, he's, he's having a hell of a, he sees it. Yeah. Boy, oh boy. How about a Romero? He's having a big year. Oh, I know, oh, a Romero. So I know a few things. Not much. I saw a thing with AJ do he was in some movie. He's acting now. There was a thing with AJ. Remember, no, not that kind of a movie, Sally. She's got a one track mind, you know? Not that kind, although that might be interesting. I'm saying that could be pretty interesting. There'd be a lot of, uh, doll fanatics who would pay a lot of money to see that. But not AJ. He's a good guy. And a Rick Weaver would be first in line. But that's another story. For another day. Yeah, Rick was first in line of the concession stand where they had the pop soap on a roll by and they stand. But unfortunately, they were all sold down already. That was the excuse. Um, that's why Kimway empty handed. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is it me? Yeah. I have got this record here. I would like to go listen to it. Do you know what it's called? What? Rising your Levi's. What is it called? Rising your Levi's. Rise in your Levi's. No, sir. We don't do that kind of stuff on this show. Call Joey Reynolds tomorrow morning. He's not on tomorrow morning. He's probably not. Sure. That's a work. There's nobody works six days in this market except a couple of us who just a couple of us p on. Hello. Now nobody on that one. Well, we're starting to get a few impatient birds on the phone here now just because it's the new hour. And just because the rain made everybody go buy by down to Tammy and me park is no excuse. Wait a minute. What is that? Do we also have one Broward line not live there too? I just noticed that for the first time. And it hurt beyond my ability to describe where the Broward is. Where are the Broward? I don't believe that. Where are the Broward? Next thing you know they're going to want us to give the number out. There we go. Are you really there? Hello. Now see the hang out. There we go. See now that's not going to work if they call and hang up and I put them on hold and just ties the line up. Shame on you, sir. Hello. Deal. Yeah. When they're going to be having just a Jackson down here. That'd be the black pole. I'd be the black pole. No. Hello, no. This is another one of those rap guys. You know what's like a rap on the knuckles is what he wants. What the hell do you want, sir? Why didn't you talk like a real human being and cut the garbage? Why don't they be taken down? Why don't you be a real human being, sir? I don't do have just a Jackson down. We're going to have the pulp disconnect your meter if you don't be nice to us. I don't understand why. The pulp became an oddies, Cuban. Because those are the only Catholics left in Dave County, sir. In fact those are the only people left in Dave County. Yeah, but you would think that that would be the way the now. Yeah, I know. There was a great line by the way on the coverage yesterday. I think it was on radio. I don't know. I had to be on radio. And maybe it was on this station. It was on the CBS coverage in the six o'clock hour. And somebody made a very interesting point. They were talking about the throng that was gathering. Of course, they were only like 50 people, I guess. But and they made a very interesting observation that there were no American flags visible anywhere. They were all the only flag they saw was the Cuban flag. They were all over the place. And she said it's been very interesting. But there we haven't seen any sign of an American flag. And of course my immediate response was, you know, welcome to Miami. What the hell do you expect? And no. Why would you want to see an American flag in a foreign country? I'll be a little out of place. Hello. Are you doing now? Okay. What's going on? Kind of a question is that I'm a whole month's day like today when the skies are unloading. And the pork cut poop gun. Come on, sir. Clean up your act. Hey, come on. Just stop you. Bobby. Shame on you for saying such sacralidious things. Oh my god. So it's going on. Call is this Bobby. What do you mean what's going on? Ten years. You know, where you got in the office this morning. By what? And enjoy a little show. Oh, my favorite. What did you want to do with this morning, Bobby? He had this thing on a show. He goes, well, I got the envelope here and the answer is, John Paul, the second near Rogers and Joy-Ren. What's the answer? What's the question? And he goes, name a poop, a poop, and a hope. Oh, that's cute. Very good. I'm going to start giving it all that information on the area. She's size. Yeah, I know. I mean, they're great. What do you want? The guy's only 20 years old. You know what? What's he grows up? This guy before he was even a fetus who was doing a, he was on the ear and buffalo with a, he had a 60 share on WKBW and buffalo. He wasn't even born yet. So it's incredible. Unbelievable. You imagine what he's going to do now that he's alive. He found the fountain of beauty, huh? Yeah, evidently. Somewhere. Well, a pulp was here looking for the fountain of youth and, uh, wound up sleeping with the archbishop. So what does that tell you? It's too hot. Things don't always work out the way you expect. So how's your girlfriend? Bobby, stop, uh, for these personal elements. Would you please? You don't as before he came in this building. He was, you know, fairly relatively normal. I know. And whatever it is that you did with him while I was out, uh, exactly. I was a normal human being. Yeah. Until the bird got you under his wing. I know. Yeah. A little too cozy though from what I heard. Hey, guy, great guy. Yeah. Why in the middle? How much did you pay it to say this? Two long. Uh, Anyway. See where his mind is. I know where his mind is. So how's your girlfriend doing, Bobby? You think what we did? I moved out of my house. So that was better than it did. Good enough. Great. My kind of, um, maniac, yeah. And, uh, we're pretty much doing our own thing now. Wow. And, uh, you know, if they want to go along with us, we have to say what we want to do. Yeah. Anyway, I'm a deer all the altar boys are on right. I look at that. I look at that. The Pope is praying for one of my can't believe it. Oh, boy. He had his hands clasped together. Oh, that's, what is that? Is this just on a tape? Yeah. Oh, this is a file tape. I was very concerned for that one blonde off the boy on the end, boy. Guys, see that the Pope kiss in there's little bears when he rocked out the house. Oh, yeah. I wouldn't need to show it up. Really? Yeah. You can mean, come on. I'll be all these priests over here complaining about being so good and everything. They're complaining about that? Yeah. Thank you here. I guess they're on the, uh, two people, you know, asking questions, you know, that's okay and this rummage could become preach to everything. I did that. I mean, that was, that's what I heard they were talking, right? That was our work I can see. Each time I see a little girl on five or six or seven, I can't resist a boy. Show your spell. Who's smiling says, uh, Kevin, Paul is a girl. That's what they were singing about. Paul is a girl, get bigger every day. Okay, that was it. Uh, okay, right? I know. A laugh riot. Just like, uh, in the boys in the band that was, uh, great line in their laugh riot. Of course, you saw the boys in the band in Chababbe. Um, I don't think so. Good. Well, let's just keep it that way. It's too long. Now it's not one of those movies we would recommend for mixed company. Oh, no. No. Oh, no. Anyway, so, how's life? Just great Bobby and this conversation is probably going to bring this show to, uh, new lows. Are you, you guys ever need any text readers? Give me a copy. Why are you peddling him? Uh, no, man. I went into Schuster. Isn't that what I just asked? I said, are you peddling them? No, I work at a Tachito star. Very good, Bobby. Well, that attitude you ought to, uh, you know, sell at least one or two in the next ten years. It's great, uh, just say, yeah, I'll be looking to you. Looking to me, uh. Yeah, do no work, right? Just looking to me or in admire your, uh, whatever it is. Yeah, whatever it is. And say to yourself, it's a good time for the great taste. And that's it. That's all it is. Well, listen, have a great day. Okay. Bye, bye. Oh, boy. It's only kept saying, well, it's fine. I don't want to know what it is, at least I don't. Yes, you do. No, I don't. Now, we're going to be talking about E-Mac and Brolyo's ice cream when we come back, following this break. No, we're not. Folios? E-Macs. Now, stand tells me, was it why you were working at somebody allegedly Brian's father called in? That was a person that called you. Yeah, Brian's other call call me and it didn't sound like a Brian's father to me. Yeah, called me. You hang up on everybody. That's true. That's true. That's true. That comes into programming office. He just mumbles and hangs up on him. He just wanted to be bothered by. Oh, another crank, you know. How do you know who it was? You answer that phone. The man called some time. I have it on very good authority and said that he wanted to, uh, send wanted to be a model Brian. That's right. That's what the guy told me. And, uh, head and wanted to know if you had any, uh, connections. I don't know. That's what I told him. Stan gave him some good advice though. I think. Yeah, what was that? Stay away from Neil. Okay, 25 before one at WI and Z. We're going to do a little break. And when we come back, hopefully the quality of these calls is going to increase dramatically. Yeah, I mean, like by a 200%. The value mentioned art to do, back Carlson because, um, yesterday at two o'clock when Channel 10 was doing there 85 hour coverage of the arrival of a plane with a Pope. The, uh, people plane. Whatever the hell they call. Shepherd. Isn't it Shepherd one? Shepherd one. I think that's an aim of it. Schlepper one? Yeah. Well, anyway, as Schlepper one was touching down. Art Carlson was on camera saying, I know I'm supposed to be an objective news reporter, but I must confess, uh, I have goosebumps. Wow. I mean, is that pathetic or what? Is that pathetic or what? I don't believe it. I mean, if Kurt Waldheim were landing, you know, at Miami International before they shot the plane down. Would, you know, what art Carlson say, I must confess, I have goosebumps. Or if Margaret Thatcher were landing. Of course, you might get goosebumps from looking at her, but, especially art, you know, I mean, what a, what a jerk. What the, the news people in this town man on television, they have shown themselves for the true shills and douchebags that they are. They just, they have, they can't control themselves. What are they going to do next week? They're going to go through the most incredible withdrawals. Yeah. Well, I'll be doing Donna Rice and, um, What do you call that? I don't know, um, no apology. No apology. No apology. No excuses. Yeah. Well, these guys in the media, they got no excuses. I'll tell you that. Hello. Are you there? That's just something. Not there. Nobody on that line. You can just stick around for a minute or two. Go out to get their corn beef sandwich and they're gone. Oh, sorry. Hello. No, nobody on that one either. We can have like seven of these in a row. You do realize that. Don't you think we're both, bro? Hello. Nope. Uh-oh. We got that one either. Three in a row. Let's go for four. All of Brown has just hung up during that break. That wasn't such a long run. Well, screw, brown. We might give up on Brown and all together today. Yes, it's called with me. What? It's called with me. Well, we don't want to get into that. Sitting in a chance, take up a collection. This is very, very bad. I know. 250,000 people has a big house. Well, I got news for you. They have the area, cordoned off, and no one will be allowed to leave. I'll come without a doing thing. I'll talk about the little something. That's right. Well, this is the gay eye reporting. I was there yesterday at the curates now, Raleigh. I was one of the seven people there. They showed up. A lot of the fellows left immediately when they found out it wasn't carol chanting. That was good. Yeah, or Betty Davis. No, this is carol, the Pope. Oh. All right. The manhole cover where we were standing with all this security. Believe me, there was more security. And more ego and more reported banging into each other than there was. There was one senior wife. Two dogs. There was a little black pit dog and a French poodle. We're running up and down. They's out, they sure drive in front of all of this. Where everything was sealed off and cordoned off. And they went over and peed all over the cops. More. The police were just impotent to know what to do with the poodles. I thought they were very clever. They were Libyan terrorists. But in any event. Well, I'm telling you talk about the incoherence. Talk about drunk with the emotion. I'm drunk. I'm drunk with excitement. I'm reporting exactly what happened with all seven of us there. Who in there's meltailer now on channel 10. Well, they've brought everybody out for this thing. And they're holding nothing back. Also Metro fail reported that nobody can't believe it. We're seeing mail and Dwight Lauderdale together. At the same time, I cannot believe it. Other again. Must be one of those split screen games. I was in the mail in the year. I know it. They had him in mob balls until the death. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm just getting emotional from this TV. Better than I am. Going on for hours. They had to ask him and his loose eye cage. That was the only high point coming out. We thought it was very much like Evita Parone. And art from that. There wasn't really much happening. Except the Pope held Ronnie up about half an hour. Ronnie got there first. I thought it was tastefully late. And that's the way it should be done. Yeah. And I guess they're smoothed a while. But it was pathetic because the manhole cover right in front of us was open. Somebody checked it out. And they were telling about all his tight security. It was just a joke. As far as security was concerned. Well, I want you to know, sir. That's a person hole cover. Not a manhole. If it's feminist, who attended would be very upset here. You say that. And what else happened? I mean, there was all this stuff out there that sells schmopas and things at the rally. And people and met her rail told people not to go over by the disguise station because they were protest. It was not a protest. I guess the emphasis was really trying to get some consciousness on the fact that awful lot of dough is being spent on junk, including the ceremony. While people are still dying in the street. But that doesn't seem to reach anybody. That's not at all. Because the... There were too busy buying their blessed Joan Crawford shoulder pads. I was a very big seller. And really, basically it was a non-events second only to co-co-co-co-tex arrival to combat co-co-co-tex. This is a real non-event that was happening down there. And the emphasis again was missed entirely. I mean, so much pomp and circumstances for so little. But that's all it's about. You know, it's just on their side show. It's a circus. You know, it's a fun razor. And the real circus to the reporters, they're the ones to watch. Yeah. Look at that, wait a minute. Melt Taylor is sitting there looking sideways at the wall. I can't believe he's at the wailing wall on Channel 10. What a shot that was. Boy, you're missing a pal, I'll tell you if you could only see this. I'm watching seven to somebody with a weather map. I mean, this is very exciting. Yeah. I really have anything more to say except that the rally failed only because I know people didn't turn out. And the press was there and I guess that's what was important. But it's not going to do anything. It's not going to move anybody. Okay. You know, okay, hanging there. Really boring is not sorry. Life will go on. All right. Okay. Can't believe it. Not only is the Pope wearing green today, but the screen was green there for a while on Channel 10. It's just a... Sound believable. They're all coming apart of the scene. Yeah. Who is that? Patti Oats. I haven't seen it a long time. I mean, they're related to Hallanotes. I wonder. Are you serious, Patty? Oat haven't seen her in a long relationship. One of their reporters? Another one. And they've dragged them all out. There are people reporting on this story. We haven't done a story in 30 years. It's been 10. It's incredible. And Burke's going to be on it all. My gosh. And Mickey Dane is going to be doing psychic readings about the Pope's departure. I can't believe it. Claire Burke will be on. Oh, I'm going to be a better booth. I'm going to be a better booth. I'm going to be a better booth. It's going to be incredible before it's over boys and girls. What a happening in art now. This is really put us on the map. Hasn't it? Isn't this what we've all been waiting for all of our lives? Boy, boy, oh boy. Look at that. She's sitting there. Oh, that was good. She's looking around. Is art coming on? Are you there, aren't there, Zart? Arts got goosebumps all over his face. And they just can't handle it. He's looking there at that TWA hijack plane there on the runway. It's unbelievable. Okay, let's take another call from date, Broward Palm Beach, wherever the hell it is. Hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. This is Neil, right? Is it? I hope so. Anyway, that invitation you received yesterday to attend the Pope's... ...thing. ...thing down there. Yeah. If you stay on an invitation, what kind of... ...whether he was going to say... ...great Pope's on a brown Pope's on a religious refreshment? I would just say something about Grandma Boone. Oh, but you haven't just applied to brown Pope's on, right? What is this man talking about? We don't talk about mustard on his show, sir. If you want to call Julie Child, good luck to you. These people are like... ...they're all swept away by this. Yeah, if you notice, they're all incoherent. Crumbling under the pressure of this. You would think that somebody important visit a town. Like David Duquer, something. Hello. Yeah. What's up? Don't start with that stuff again. This is... ...the Mitei Samo is trying to call you yesterday. You know, your name is on a sign last week. It was...the sign that said... ...95 was going to be closed. Yeah. And on the bottom it said, this means you too. You're right, yes. I'm not just... ...and everybody in 95 seen it. Great. Well, I know you're excited about that. Yeah, that was pretty good. We have a new talk show on FM. Call of 94. You don't have nothing to do with that, right? It's a good time. That's all you have. Great taste. No, we have nothing to do with them. We just occasionally make fun of them, but that's... ...well, I'm telling you, I try to get through them this morning, and they have some kind of show gun. Them people talk so much. These are shipped over to FM during that hour. The minimum of the screen just came green again here on Channel 10. I can't believe it. The whole town has become green. Well, training like hell. And they're all wearing those green meters now. I can't believe it. And by the big show. Yeah. You gotta tell me that it didn't touch you. What? That what? One way, this boat is, you know, you wouldn't touch it. Oh, I was really deeply touched. Yeah. And it moved me. I had a movie experience. What are you talking about? Will you get serious? Come on. Come on, what? How can you not be, you know, feel anything now? I do. I feel revolting, disgust, and nausea. That's what I feel. It explains so much money. People are starving you know. Some idiots sent me in the mail to the oldest, big article of a while. They spend so much to feed this starving. How about this 20 million that they're spending for this circus all over the country? 20 million dollars of feed a lot of hungry mouths. I'll tell you that. Yeah. I hear, you know, I'm a Catholic. Well, nobody's perfect. I was in the hunting point. Oh, no. That explains that sound in your voice. I don't want to say who the father was. There was on TV last night, but I used to be an altar boy for him. Yes. He used to drink quite a bit. He used to drink quite a bit. Yeah, we would be up there. He'd say okay. What do you mean we would be up there? Well, I was an altar boy. Oh, I see. And we would be up there. And what would he do after he'd get a couple of belts under his belts, so the speed? Hey, he had a hand signal like he knew you would go to say, you know, that has a silver something. He would say, and here's the water and a wine. He would give the water and give the cut signal. And then he'd give him the wine. He'd just say four or more more. He would take it off. He would take it off. Well, I don't want to get into that. He's short. He was one. He's short. You're in that. Oh, I can't believe he said that. Can you believe that? But you know what? The religion went bad about 12 or 15 years ago when a the Dutch started leaving a church to get buried. Yeah, and now the priest are leaving the church to get married to each other. It's really embarrassing. I don't know about all that. No, I know. We just make it up. It's just all, you know, just in fun. It's safe. It's safe. Yeah. Well, listen, Neil. Yes. Have a beautiful day. It's a wonderful day out in Kyrl City. It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood, sir. They're all ready. Got from bed. Okay. Can't I believe this started yesterday or what a clocked up. About the time that we were getting invaded, the city fell apart. Exactly. The show, the last hour. Hey, kind of everything. My whole life. They're going to have a little screw in my tire. I think. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But I like a whole go. What on my green meter? I'll tell you that right now. Good. Hello. Yeah. I was just watching CNN. And they were showing you the big storm in Texas where the Pope is going in the next couple of days. Oh, boy. And not only was the- What a bummer. Don't like we did today. But when's toppled? 200 foot towers. They had built for the Pope's altar. Couldn't knock in a moment. Clash into the ground. You don't think somebody upstairs is trying to send the Holy Father a message, do you? It sounds like they're bringing the wrath of God along with him or something. Got him? In mysterious ways. I found out about this plot. It was foil about the Mass today. This is a true story. Someone, uh, what's the police? That someone had rented a private plane from a block airport in Maine? They planned. Yeah. Go over the Mass today. Check this guy out. And they found out he was a pro-tester. He was in the FBI files. He was a pro-tester. He was a pro-tester. Are you against one? A purchase, thousands of condoms. And he was planning to fly over the Mass and throw them out the window onto the crowd below. Excellent work. But they caught him. They didn't let him do it. I think it would have been great if that had happened on TV. I don't think they'd bring out maybe. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen to turbine enlightening, but life must go on. It's like everybody is in like, is it me or is it like all these cars are in slow motion or something today? They just, um, I don't know what it is. It's awesome. It's a caught up. These two days we're going to have to cross them off the calendar. Right. 10 this ugly episode never happened. It's eight minutes before one at W-I-N-Z. We don't want to wake anybody up. We'll come right back. Well, it may be raining like crazy. Like cats and dogs, but we understand the Holy Father's experience. I don't know what happened to answer today in Miami. Okay. Six minutes before one, W-I-N-Z. I just want to turn this off. You know, I envision all these fat little Oprah wind freeze just dancing around. Little Fizzowski in the middle of the room. Rain and mess. All these blonde, alter boys falling from the sky. Right on the Santa's left. So when the pulp tries to touch your green leader, why is he just an there he is again. Look at that. Wow. Wonder if Tom Brookhouse spoke into his Holyness. Okay, let's take another call here because now we're going to have to break again early this hour. Maybe. Well, I hope you're seeing it from now. Hello. Oh, good call. Yeah. Well, I think that about sums it all up if I did make a kind of concur with a last model. Hello. Yeah, the old man. Okay. What do you think tomorrow's headlines are going to be? How about God, determined to strike here and to pop some lights? See? How do follow us? Follow me. Trail. What about three people already hit by lightning in Miami? Orrendis, yeah. Yeah, it's great. He's out to get him. I tell you, I got him to watch a, a day. Those people out there really up the leaves. I think this ought to tell him something. I did better start scoring. I think he would be funny if the headline in front of the Harold and Mars said Cardinals rained out in fifth. I think that would be good. That would be cute, yeah. Yeah, but it seems to me that if they really believed, you know, what is this thing? Yeah, and in God, I mean, they would start getting out of that really fast because, you know, he's, you know, where have you been? I just been half a mile at this, been half. You know, earthquakes. Well, you noticed that wherever is heavy, yeah. The population of a Catholic, you know, was killed as a earthquake and a man. And you'll pass this fact of God. Oh, you know, did you hear his speech at the Pope's speech early today? No, I'm afraid I missed it, sir. Yeah, well, eh. Everybody, you're wild. Eat, eat, eat, eat. We'll keep by the hour. We'll keep by the hour. We'll keep by the hour. We'll keep by the hour. Well, I'm telling you one thing, man. It's four levels of sleep. We're going to have a sleep expert on here in the next hour. A green analyst, something like that. They're all in a different level of unconsciousness today, right? Yeah. I'm like now because after on a fluke and around, right? I'm going to get the answer on wild. These maniacs are running around in the thunder and lightning. And then we might even come back at 106. Good time. Boy, the great taste. Okay, Donald, come down. One way to WI and Z, we're back for our fourth and final hour. Thank heaven for a 711. On this unbelievable Friday. It's just like a fact of the whole town. It started yesterday and everybody's been swept up in it. And it's just the most incredible embarrassment in the history of mankind. You know, the one thing that it underscores, I was watching these rabbis walking around around your on channel 10 with their beanies on. You know, it's kind of like Max DeBini is what this whole thing is. And it underscores the ludicrous business of organized religion as such a ripoff and such a just a disaster. And you know, all these people are, you know, getting a genuine fleeting to each other. Please pat me on ahead and say that I'm okay and begging each other for acceptance. And it's just pathetic. And all of the protesters, by the way, have you noticed how silent this has all been? All these different groups are going to come out. I'm going to get all this media coverage and all this publicity for a lot of very worthwhile issues and causes. And if they were out there, if he does anything gone on, we sure aren't seeing anything about it. Invisible. All we get to see is our Carlson with his goose bumps. You know, and there's the empty plane. Hey, look at the plane. The plane. Where's your very village? I don't know what we need them, you know? The plane. The plane. The plane falls mainly on the plane. Look at that. Is that a great shot or what? Look at the sky. Yeah. Clowning and gloomy. And there's our little cloudy and gloomy too, isn't it? He's got goose bumps from head to toe. He just overwhelmed by this. Oh, boy. I feel like Bob Lassiter must be hovering over all of this, you know, with this dark. The pressing cloud. This big dark black cloud. Oh, look at that. There's clearance in the IOD helicopter. I can't believe it. If you're wondering what we're doing, you can tune in Channel 10. And, you know, not that we care all that much about Channel 10 news. But it just happens to be on the monitor in the other room on our weather thing that cost us about 20 billion a month. And look at that. And CBS, which ran 30 seconds over by the way, we don't want to be upset. That's okay. They couldn't everybody's taking a little chunk out of the show here, a little before the news, little after the news, you know, just for two days. And they said that the Pope got back on the thing there. They got back on his horse. Look at that came over because that good or what? See, their cameras are up, but they're not willing to accept that. So they keep trying desperately. They got somebody like with a brownie camera in the back. And they keep showing the sky and the trees and unbelievable. Camera goes over. Yeah. That's what just happened. We saw the sky and the trees. And now there's the planes of plane is back on again. Why didn't we bring her down for this? Yeah, he would have been great for the show. Yeah. For the short reports on the people tour. Well, let's take a few more calls if they work out as well as they have earlier in the show. It ought to really live and things up for staying. It will be a long and two. And we'll start somewhere. Hello. Hello. Hi. But they're all sort of auditioning all these newscasters for network jobs. I mean, art costs. I mean, I've never seen anybody touch and cute more than he did. Oh, and I wait a minute. Wait a minute. You have seen Robin Carter now. Oh, we have seen Robin Carter. All right. Well, let's not keep carry to wait. Just for anyway. He's a big, he identified himself as a heart and newsman. And he just couldn't take it anymore. He was just overwhelmed yesterday. He had goosebumps. And goosebumps. And an ambition had the headset over the forehead. I mean, I have no idea. I've wished I would explain to me why they do that. I mean, I'm like, yeah, the headset, you know, cucumber size microphone. Did you see that? Yeah. On our head. Yeah. White Latterdale looked like he was going to do NFL countdown to kick off. They said, look, they're right. They were like, they were like John Madden. And he was going to do it. Well, I didn't think he was John Madden. Well, Paul here's a little extra. And he moved to the left. He crashes. But it was, it's the whole thing is ridiculous. Yes. The biggest circus in it's, it's comical. And the people that are involved in it evidently are, and they even aware of how comical it's coming off. But especially the TV coverage. I mean, it's coming off like a July Saturday night live or something. And they're like a satire. And they don't even realize it. They're taking it all very short. There's a series that's incredible. And Sally fits to most of the television. Or whatever she was sitting at today. Yeah. I got that. I was just having a little button here and pushing the each channel. And the end of the trip was just pouring out of the set. And I was just, yeah. Yeah. There were a lot of people going into insulin shock when Sally was on yesterday. I was one of them. Yeah. I'm kind of shocked anyway. Well, it all be over in just a few minutes. Well, thank you for letting me comment on the events of the past two days. Okay. Thanks. These pressing issues. There it is again. Now we see that one little brownie camera in the background taking a distance shot. Wait a minute. Look off there. Oh, there's a 30,000 cops I see over there. That was the incredible part. There were 50,000. What 45,000 people I saw. I like that. And 25,000 cops and 28,000 from the media. That's 43,000. So that's 53,000. I take it back. Yeah. So evidently, some of the cops didn't show up. But, you know, what can I owe in there is who is that? Linda Patello. Linda Patello. You know who that is? One of the reporters at Taylor's. It's like they just pulled her out of a junior high. A high of it. Four geobiles higher. It's true. I have not seen Linda in about. And look at the color of the grass. The dress she's wearing. It's the same as the ones matching the one that me show war yesterday. And of course, they all maxed the color of the schmothas. The omelkers that the pope and the bishops are worth. True. That's true. It's true. And they say that black rope are called pumpkin with silk overdrafty. And that. And that is black rope. So that somebody will say that. That reminds me of tasting black paper, but this implies the lesson. Is that something cute in the story? She has a black um, gentleman,uffs with black yellow, wool corsava her eyes. He is so happy. The whiteam Ha Finished. He has blackified neck with blackpop Eyes. Mmm, he's got black hair,trackway with white hair. So he looks like on a dark side strange street. And this is the church. I'll probably be in the city of Kauhan. on Channel 10. This is real team coverage man. They've written in the Yankees the Mets and the Dodgers to do this one. Hello. Are you there? These people on the phone man are just so often out to lunch. The worst day of this is this is one of the worst days in history. Well there's a lot of pressure that they're cracking under the pressure. Hello. I can hear you now. Okay. I can hear you just like you're on the other end of the phone. I'm calling from a pay phone and the Dodgers in the rain. Well the rain and Dodgers falls mainly a well it's a very important event. It's not too bad because I put on plenty of sunscreen and I'm wearing loose clothing. That's why good thinking. Good planning. But I had to I had to call because you've been. It's a good time for the great taste. Certainly is and I want to tell you you've been doing a lot of good Pope material but there is somebody who copped you and I'll say after you show you that turned on the TV. I was watching the scene at the airport where they had US one and shepherd one right next to each other. Oh yeah the planes were mating. Yeah I saw that. They were waiting for the the Pontiff and the president to come out and they were they had a band that was playing marches. Now not the MSU. I don't know where they'll come on now. But they they topped you because they were paying they were playing a Sussan march which happens to be titled the Liberty Bell and anybody who watches PBS would recognize it immediately because it is the theme song to the British TV show. Monty Python's flying circus. Wow. Oh I thought I was really. That's great. Probably was followed by the life of Brian. Well Brian was on channel four. Wait a minute. Diane Magnum's got her hair all skunked back. I can't believe it. If you could see that. It's weird. Believe what you just saw. Weird. I hate to you know step on your line there. But if you could have just seen she looks like she was just out in the rain and they came back and you know like how your hair gets real rattie when it's all wet and it's almost like in a ponytail of the back. I mean this girl's had hair problems since she came to town but that was the most incredible shot I've ever seen in my life. Oh the pressure is just and look at that babe Ruth is there look at that George Herman Ruth is there with his American Legion cap off. Well if you're watching channel 10 you understand what we're talking about. I'm gonna go home right now and I am telling you it is so phenomenal you have never seen teen coverage like this. I would hate to think of the size of the truck that Anne had to drive to be all these people in. I'm just gonna at a teen wheeler. Look at her hair. Okay so you're have a wonderful life. This is so interesting. This without the sound it's some of the best video that I've ever seen in my life. It puts MTV to shame. There is no truth to the rumor by the way the pulper arrived just in time for the Notre Dame game. And ugly rumours. Look at Diane Magne. I mean there is something strange about that truck. She looks like the love goddess or something there. And now we go ours art is still at the plane. He's still waiting at the plane at Miami International. For her baby they build up now for our girlfriend. Who's pointing out there is the plane there. They winged there the engines the tail the nose and even a couple of cute little wheels there. The landing here is so. I just can't believe. Boy you talk about the town going ape coming out hours. They're going to be right on. Oh, they could go on forever. I mean just to think that the days of our lives is supposed to be on an AC right now. God. Forget that. I noticed though that Wendy was sitting in the kitchen. She's you know, she's it's become such a habit and she thinks the days of our lives is on. She's watching channel and Sally is on there and Peter Reynolds people and she's watching and she thinks they become characters in the days of our lives. It is unbelievable new story line. Yeah. On real. By with her. A new plot twist. Oh boy, well listen, few minutes. It'll all be over and we can go back and tomorrow it's start on a brand new lifetime. You know, pretend like none of this ever happened. 19 past one at WI and Z will come right back. It's not really fair for us to be watching channel send here. No, it's true because a lot of people in their offices in their cars who can't see the video. And we can't show you the video for obvious reasons, but at least we could do a little bit of the audio so that they got the flavor of what we're so excited about it. Auburn the world. Looking at you. Nothing is there. About big. I knew. What? Claiming that revelations about his Nazi background actually helped to elect him president of Austria. Kurt Balltime further revealed today that he also ran the Spanish English issue. Started the AIDS epidemic and his former president of the teamsters union. This should really get people to like me. Quick. All time. The controversial rotation diet comes to the White House this week where presidential daughter Morin, the refrigerator Reagan has been told to jump on it and rotate. When asked for comments, she told big I news. Morin Reagan. Bobby Mobile Dino Dino Dino Dino Dino Ranges is excited about his soon to be released King Kong sequel. Dino has arranged with local theater owners to sell King Kong cocktails at concession stands in greetings yet to be announced. But inside his reports two of these drinks and you want to pick your nose with a helicopter. Among the notable is that the Galer Statue of Liberty celebration on July 4th will be Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy. When asked for his feelings about that famous lady in the harbor, Kennedy remarks. I think it's time we put traffic witty behind us. And finally, Attorney General Edwin Mice has just finished reviewing an advanced copy of the controversial new government report on Pornagrothi. Mice told the guy news quote, the contents of this report are shocking, filthy, and disgusting. I was absolutely appalled at the deviate lifestyle of this material promotes. And so what's my seven year old wife? Rover. I'm actually sorry. We're going news. If you blink, you'll miss it. Okay, thanks Dwight. Twenty four minutes past WI and Z and the Z plane is still on the ground. I look at that. We give the split screen. We owe there. We're back to art with the plane is still sitting on the ground there. Thanks to partners at 130. We're scheduled. I think. So, probably better hurry up. I'd say like five and a half minutes. I heard that Clarence is bringing the Holy Father by helicopter from Tammy and he parked to the airport at just a rumor. Wouldn't that be a coup? We put that sucker on a map at no time. Okay, let's take a few more calls and before we do, Robert Wolff who was kind enough to put us in touch with all those I love John Paul George and Ringo bumper sticker. Look at that. There's Clarence with a helicopter. He said that the bumper sticker got on National News last night on National TV. Right like that. Great. Boy. Oh, it's kind of you who had the guts to drive down there with the bumper sticker on. Good luck to you and your cars will be returned on Tuesday of next week. Hello. Sounds good so far, doesn't it? Very good. Good call. Excellent. Probably one of the better calls of the day. Hello. Nope. Nobody there. These callers today, man. They've been frantic too. Frantic. Yeah, we go in for a record. Broward again by the way. Record is three. So, Broward has been having an nervous breakdown. Hello. No, we didn't make it. Yes. How's it going? What John? What John? John Duncan from Kindle. Oh, okay, John. Not that we're not all that bad. We're still all American here. Okay, John. That's good. Hi, all doing today. All right. My friends have told me a lot about your show. I said to the alarm this morning. Been listening to you all day. What do you mean you set your alarm this morning? What do you do sleep in? They'll noon most time? Oh, yeah. Most deaths are fine. Oh, sure not bad. They're most of people in Kindle. I don't know. A lot of people I know are. Yeah. I was wondering if I could play a song for you. What is it? A rise in the Levi's is another one of those? Oh, no. It's this home tape. It's called Little Girl School. Oh, no. No, we wouldn't have a good time. I'll stand. Yeah, I'm pretty very excited about that. It could be driving in from country walk right now as a matter of time. Hello. Yeah. Yeah, I could play right then. Oh, this is still John. No, let's say audio is to John. No, John. I'll read the dirt and look at that. Just mentioned his name and immediately he's in the room. There's no man. No, like, lots of things, right? I mean, how did? Probably just came from tire kingdom, no doubt. Like, I was booked out of all. I'm all booked in here. My story about my tire this morning, did you? Oh, you did hear it? It was a wonderful experience. I'm still just now trying to my stomach is just settling right now as we speak. On real, you missed me show and her ponytail. Who is this one now? Man, there are patio. And had he oats? Yeah. From Hall and oats, I can't believe it. The story is the CBS, the Pope God back on the stage and started a singing. Don't tell him, Ray that. Yeah, don't tell Jeff Ray that will have to get out of here. One, four, five again. Okay, he'll go back and we'll start the coverage again. It's the motorcade. He was back on stage for a few minutes, but the motorcade we can see in there, 85,000, please. I think all at $850 an hour, who are you? You're leaving, having a wonderful time. You put Channel 4 on good, make-al-time. No, I'm working on it. No, you have ordinarily, because I like Channel 4 news, but this thing about 20,000, we put 20. No, we can't put that hot girl with the hot pants on. Save that for after two. But this Channel 10 coverage has been just so bizarre. And so, look at that. We get a shot from the blimp. Yeah. Look at that. We're getting a shot of the motorcade from the blimp from the sidewalk, from the street, from the back of your house, from mugged and in the truck, it's incredible. On the revable. Wait a minute, there's the runway again. Zeplane is gone. Zeplane is gone. Boy, I can't think of a couple of them. Well, listen, it said we're supposed to leave it at the Exactly. So, feel a rain was on board. You know what the hell who needs him? There you go. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Look at his knees. He's me. He's held in the pool. And there's clearance. Look at that. Clients in the helicopter. You missed it. Wait a minute. What is that thing? When a sweet and low, that's not the stuff that I had. More sense. From Morrison. It's very good. One of our listeners is busy stealing sweet and low at Morrison's. Want to stand listeners. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yeah. Hey, you have a small comment about what you had this morning or earlier today. Yeah. I think it was kind of sense or something out federal to press and why they don't take gas. Yeah. And I didn't make it exactly understand what you were saying. But there's some noises behind that. Okay. Well, Aimon is sir. We're hurtling. One you're living south Florida. Okay. And we don't like to take gas down here for obvious reasons that we are no. And I take it easy. I want to one night and in life time, uses a federal defense, otherwise you would have known the policy. There's many ways to pay in the company. I mean, if what are you trying to say, sir, spit it right out. Don't hold back. Yeah. I mean, I can always say it's so much because I work for the company and teach that. So if he's still listening, uh, try using us again. And if you are, you have good credit. You might have on account whether. And he doesn't need to know. You don't need cash. You can go, uh, if they move that out of South Florida, we'll take care. So the way we won't take care down here. Okay. Thanks so much, sir. Boy, was that a good call or what? Great call. Oh, I'm really looking forward. Hey. Well, I can imagine what you're going to get. He usually get kind of the Greg's anyway. The leftovers. Oh, is it playing his back? Isn't that incredible? And who are all those alter boys getting on the plane? I don't think they came. I think the only head one way tickets on the way up. Look at that. They're just a whole bunch of them. See, that's what this trip was really all about of it, Ali, right? Mm-hmm. Holy Toledo. Now, wait a minute. Here comes the limousine. Who's in that one? There's Joe Carrillo just got out. And Jorge Valdes, just got out. He wants to say goodbye and it's fun. You always very upset. Very, very upset. He wants the Pope to give special dispensation. So, Dave County can be bilingual again, but the Holy Father's having no part of it. And now we're seeing the plane from the other side. Both of you who got tired of seeing it from the left side. I wonder, oh, now we're seeing it from above. Oh, I swear to you. I'm not joking from the good year, Blimp. Looking down on Zip Lane. And there's the Holy Father with Archbishop McCarthy. They're walking hand in hand. The fond memories of last night's experiences in the waterbed. Leaving the papal limousine. And there are 7,000 security man there just to check and things out a little bit. Look at that. And all of the cops are shaking hands with the Pope on a way out, too. I wonder if they're slipping a little something there. Look at that. I think we need a little music underneath you. Well, that would be good. We can measure if our song was great. How about a little fascination? No. We have something better, rather, because we know that the Archbishop has his Sony walkman with him. Oh, yeah. Remember him from Sicily? He used to be a farmer down there. Yeah, potato farmer. He tries to tell people he was polishes from Sicily. He used to hang around with him, and call the owns all the time. Shicking hands with um, who is it? Monkey buyer? That's monkey. Yeah, that is monkey. Is that a fact? Yeah. Looking good. There's leaf flowers, shaking hair. There's a lesson for a papal job. Pope is not in his head and fathically no chance. No way Jose said to, to our commissioner on the way out. Was that no way Jorge? Hope is that the foot of the stairs of the TWA jet liner. Giving the Archbishop a wild kiss and a hug. Is that wild on Johnson's out there? That's the big surprise. The way to get to the top of the stairs. Hey Mac, freeze. And the Holy Father is ascending the stairs. Never more than one foot touching at the same time. He's giving one of those Italian gestures. He just said, I'm a number one. Yeah, I'm not sure what that meant, but there he goes. A lot of the plane being greeted by Don Johnson of course at the top of the stairs. Oh, he said incredible or what? Now here come 40,000 secret servicemen. Just to check out who's being naughty and nice on here. Well, I guess that's it. Look at this. It's 133. They don't look around. Boy, they do not mess around. They had the bad weather and all the other stuff. But boy, when that plane is ready to take off, you know they always take off on time. Oh, okay. Well, I'm glad we were able to bring you a little at a little extra flavor to this. Wasn't that good? Thanks to Channel 10 and they're extensive. They're exhaustive coverage. I mean, they brought in reporters from other stations. I mean, you know, people were just hanging out today. They have done a job. Selbin seen in the history. I mean, never harassment level is just areas. We see him inside the window. There's 17A in the non smoking section. That's great to see coach coach. Of course he is flying coach. You'll notice. Well, times are tough. You know, maybe they had some of their board ops working to We didn't recognize them. No, they had some of the board ops for my ODO over there, which created a problem in the talk shows. But there he is. We get the little shot inside the window. There we see the revealing papal garments. And the, yes, it's been me. Oh, boy. In fact, that's going to be a new sitcom on Channel 10 starting Monday. I dream of DNA is going to be on. Barbara Eden and Larry Hagman making a big comeback for Dallas. Okay, let's take a couple more calls here because the audience now is probably swept away any motion like art curls and they have goose bumps. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, this is me. I think this guy needs a goose is what his problem is. Yes. I'm just kidding with the idea. Wake up, wake up. Where you want before making these snoring sounds? All right. I've been waiting on the phone for a while to get on the other. Well, I was worth it. We didn't want you to get caught up in the emotion of all this other stuff. All right. Then doing the papal same thing is you're looking at the monitor well, I'm sitting here at work. It's great. Well, who now we're seeing the plane from the other side again. This is good. This is my favorite side. And our two comments kind of one first across the pulpinist seat again. Mary is giving that same Italian gesture with the right hand. The high sign. Go ahead. I just have one comment. One question. Does Frank Mochex still works in channel 4? Yes. See doing reporting today. She had a brief thought about working for us. Who in double duty done? Yeah. I think he's just for us. We have an exclusive on his show. I believe so. He might occasionally call in CBS and pick up a few bucks on the set. I think he works for four only on the weekends. Yeah. He works for us during the week. Only when we let him out. We give him a special dispensation exactly. Hey, I see. I had another comment. How could CBS kind of get the wrong information? If there's a national news source? How would they? I mean, all the news? Whatever the whole media coverage is basically on the same way. All right. Now you're asking me about a network whose correspondent, who's newscast risks in the noon news hour called the Pope's Miter a meter. Okay. And you're asking me that question. Come on. I'm just getting serious. It's a totally his green meter. I'm just curious. They wouldn't definitely check and make sure on all. Well, how do you know, wait a minute. How do you know that CBS was wrong? Well, because is it possible that some of the rest of us might have been wrong? Let's see. But if you look, I mean, on a local level, it's been beyond live and obviously that the phone call from CBS over your feet is live as well. But yeah, there was two conflicting stories. I wonder. All they got their meters crossed, I guess. Or just seems weird. Anyways, make you want to comment on somebody you called earlier. Actually, you were you were giving the bird, sweetie bird, some hell. And I can appreciate it. The guy knows nothing about it. For about anything. Yeah. And I do. You know, movies. I can't believe that, though. What is it? What kind of hobbies do you do, Glenn? I mean, first of all, you comment on sports and you don't know anything about it. You know, the only group, you know, the only movie sports movie that he knows is slap shot with Rob Loe. He can tell you from beginning to end about that movie. I'm sure you. That's not that's young blood. Or you're all, oh, see? Sorry. Slap shot was with Paul Newman. I'm sorry. You're right, young blood. Right. Now, if you listen to me while you did you listen to any of the shows I did while the old is on vacation. I heard you admit that you didn't know anything about sports today. You didn't the mope again. It is 17. It answered my question. He's changed his seat. Job hosting a show. You take on a whole different persona, which is now yourself. Normally, you just sit and laugh about everything. You did a great job as a host. I'll about that. Maybe he's got to fight a new niche. I don't know. He takes on a whole new persona, which isn't how many firsts he's a calculator. He just laughs at everything you say. It gets so annoying. Maybe he would be great at saying it's a good time for the great taste. He might do that very well. I don't know. Why say about sports? He was asking the center and you just agree with whatever was a wild guy's listening to him. He got a nail can think of the name of your athlete. If I were looking, if I would have said it was Adelaide Stevenson. I just want you to be quiet if you don't know it. He just annoying. Because I'm a communist sir. No, I'm serious. Why would you comment when you definitely don't know it? You just agree. You can have some dead air. Exactly. Well, there's some people that have always got to know everything. You know that type. When you never admit that they don't know, they've always got to pretend that they, you know, know everything. You're stinging of what's as good because you're trying to say. Well, listen, we'd like to be fair on this show. When somebody deserves to get decimated, we like to, uh, listen. Wait a minute. The stairs just magically pulled away from the aircraft. They're picking a taxi out on day. Oh, look at that boy. It's exciting. You know, they're only eight and a half minutes late. Just like any airport. You know that's got to get that special deal. I wonder how they chose TWA. Well, I'm not going to touch that one. Anyways, glad I'm serious. Why, what do you do if you don't interest in sports? Why do you care? Because I just think it's so funny that you may comment you know nothing and I'm on the horrible broadcast or what can I tell you exactly now we're getting to the bottom that's getting very sensitive to by the way. Getting very sensitive. You got them. You got them on the ropes sir. I know. I'm coming back with, I'm sorry. Finish him off. He's ready for the kill. I didn't say I'm sorry. He's right for the kill. I know you didn't say sorry. You just made some stupid comment again. Wee's going around it. It's a lie. I am not a Nazi. Exactly. Right. What are you just, Mr. Curious? He's curious. There are a lot of this work. Do you like the two? Well, listen, we have to take a break, sir. But you're giving him the way out. Stand. Stand. I mean, that's it. Yeah, he worked on well until you called me that. 20 till two at WI and Z will be right back. It's really wonderful. It's 143 at WI and Z. The plane is on the runway. Hervavilla Shaze just topped out of the people in the Zine. And is ready to point skyward if the damn thing ever gets moving. Well listen, it's only 13 minutes after schedule departure. I mean, once a last time you ever flew a commercial jetliner. Sounds right. Let me look off on time. You know, right on schedule to me. And the thing that I love like in Atlanta, there it goes. Wait a minute. The people plane is moving. It's taxing out toward the runway at my international. The menacing priest on the left of your screen. He's saying a prayer and blessing for the people. Trips, where's he going out of South Carolina somewhere? Charleston and all. Columbia is going to be her line of all my god. Holy Toledo. I'll say that again. He'd like to have second thoughts. It's taxing out toward the runway. To bear with guessing, Michelle's ponytail blowing in the window. Art Carlson, by the way, has become a stow away on the people I can't believe it. And Alibrar is there. Say, Brawlem America. Come on, Al. Let us hear it. Okay. Yeah. You ever wonder maybe the flight controller at Miami International who's handling this play? Oh boy, wait a minute. Was one of those guys who cheated on the exam at Oklahoma City? No, but I'm concerned about it's all the other people on any incoming or outgoing flights around this time. Forget it. I mean, they're not paying any attention. You know, I mean, this aircraft is getting the full attention of every or traffic controller at Miami International. So, you know, three or four others happened to collide on the way down. They won't even notice it as a matter of fact because, oh, there it is. That's a big sucker. Two, isn't it? Hmm. Boy. And he's sitting in the coach. I can't believe it. Well, this new austerity program and they mean business. I'll say that. I think what it reflects is the collections were real bad here. And they got rained out on the collections. So we had a sit and coat on believable. When was the movie? Is think of standby me? Well, it was he had his selection probably. I would think so. Yeah, either that or that one with Jason Giddler come right here. Or okay, let's take a lot of call or two here because you never know when the show is going to end with all this stuff going on. Hello. Oh, come on. You can do better than that. Come on. Just put me finish. I've been working on it. It's going to be pretty good. Okay, I bet you sound like you've been working on it. Okay, I'm a star. Okay. Now this is a boat. It's one last thing I want to say when I'm tracking down the runway It's a good time Good time That wasn't bad. You sound a little like Donald are you related to him? I mean, I think we'll have to put that for an hour to tell him to the print. I mean, I'm proud of you to hear the show But it goes to show you them always one step of the audience, right? One step ahead. Totally, you know, you can't mean we caught you all right. Yeah, you wanted to be a super star did you You're so crazy. You're going to you know, calling down you take the bird out and I was going to take it for us. How old are you? What? How old are you? I'm 21 now you're too old to take the birds place. You have to be about six. You have to have the mentality of a six year old fruit fly to replace the bird. I want to say the bird is you know, if you don't know about stuff just make it up, you know. I think I was diagonal and I'm just the other guy was absolutely right. It was right, but you know, you should know about some stuff you got to, you know, be after little. Like yesterday, I said something about dereleven's and he starts. Act. I can't know who dereleven's is. Oh, I see what they're saying. Well, yeah. Yeah, they're right about that. They are right. Yeah. I see what he's saying. Okay, I mean, I mean, I was going to be right big cancer star. No, you did very well. It was good. Forget it on tape though. People say I had a time king and knew there's father fetcher. That's the one that said and this is not making us up. That's the one that said two things you can do in the arrogaging laugh at him or shoot him. Yeah, was that the guy? That's the guy he's been on here on ten for the last two. It's a good time for about three days. It's a good time for a day. Great taste. Very good. Okay. Keep working on it. He was good. He needs a little more work. It's one of our better colors. Yeah. Does that give the audience an idea? That's how desperate it's been. No, this has been. But I don't really care because I came in about ten eighteen this morning if you joined this late and I was went through a traumatic experience getting a new tire that they tried to talk me out of buying. You know, that's, you know, then they would always say, well, we're trying to save you money. You know, we could plug the tire for you. I don't want to plug the tire. It's a piece of crap. I want a new tire. I thought you'd got no over this. No, are you serious? Still, this has been, uh, this has been hanging over like a dark cloud like a Bob Lancid or during the whole show. It's been hanging over my head. The whole thing. You're apoplectic. I am. The first time. We just such an innovating experience. You can be pacing and walking. It's like an expected parent which you know, it probably is a little lot of character. But you know, and you keep looking are they doing anything with the card? Car hasn't even moved. It's sitting there. It hasn't moved an inch, you know, right? And then they move it. I don't want to go through the whole story again. But they move it just to pacify you and then they go and they work on somebody else's car. Oh, we're going to have a right out. We'll have you out of here in 30 minutes. Well, see if the other car they go to work on. They've been there since last week. Playing is sitting at the end of the runway. It's taxi to about as far as it can go. And it's getting clearance now. It has you can tell because it's turning it out direction. It has, um, clear it. No, I guess not. It seems to be in the grassy Noel out there. I don't know what they let's do it. But it's in a very bizarre. What is it doing out there? Kind of sneaking out onto the a pometto onto the dolphin expressway. Look at the one else on the dolphins. Oh, that's bizarre. You see, there's no other purpose. He wanted to meet the dolphins. When he was here and I guess the pilot's got a great sitting. Now, there it goes. It's taxiing out to the runway, making in a brook left turn and has clearance for takeoff 20 minutes late. Yeah, let's ought to be interesting to watch and see what time exactly it takes off. But it does say he does have clearance. I'm telling you. There he goes. He's starting to get a little bit of momentum now because once you get into that position, boy, it's fly or run, you know, one of the other. You think Teno followed the plane all the way to South Carolina? Probably. I was saying so. Yeah. They've got several of the crew over there in Channel 10. They don't even need to plane. They can just fall right. Oh, I got scared. And we might even be able to check the weather on a way to Columbia too. Be careful. We don't want to get into that. Be careful. It's clear at the airport now. The skies are clear. The people aircraft is in motion. Now, it's going to take that. I want to think about a plane taking off. I've always wondered this, how fast does it have to be going to become airborne? If you ever wondered that, when you're in a plane and you're on a ground and it's picking up its accelerates, however it has to be, it's going fast enough because it's in the sky. He is so long. Pop, there he goes. There goes the Holy Father. And now you see the beginning of about an hour and a half. Now it's longer than that. It's a good two hours. I would think. I want to have to two hours to Columbia. Well, this thing's going to go like a bat on a hill, probably. It'll be there by 2015. But here we go. Here's the Channel 10 Continuous coverage of the people flight from Miami International to Charleston to Columbia, South Carolina. Right. And won't they be great? Did just just what you see now? What you see is what you get for hours. Hello. I don't know what that was going to be, but I didn't like. Hello. Hello. This is calling from Tammy Sae Park. Yeah, how you doing? The mass confusion down here is right on to here. It's pouring down rain. Okay. We'll talk a little louder for you. Is that better? The weather is for us. The premature cancellation of the service here on the Swiss guard is not prepared to guard the pulpit during his employment weather. The Vatican has a little bit of a plane. It just transferred the new guard over to the Pope. And as we speak, they're coming up. Yeah, they're coming up to the plane now. I can't at least 201 farm troopers to cover the Pope. And that's the kick him now. Surge a parallel and try to sell the Pope address the discount prices. I can't hear you. It's getting getting too much rain here over and out. Well, that was good. That was perfect for our last call today. Wasn't that I mean it was so weak that it was just perfect. Wait a minute. How do you just get back on a podium again? You just took off and all that kind of show it over and over. We're going to see the rest of the eight million times. Breast the end. Tammy Faepark. Why? And who is this one now? I don't know. I don't know. I'm telling you, they're just picking up people and stragglers and they're saying, would you like to be on television? Sure. Here's a microphone. Do a report. You know, we're going to be on live with art. Well, that is located at the perfect place to do the on-bole. And they've had everybody on right on. We're in for Channel 10. So you just hang it around on there. I'm telling you, look at that. She's got her purse on her arm on believe it. Our let's take our last break. It's 84 two at wins will be right back. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Okay, let's take another call. I promised the last one was going to be the last, but we might be able to improve upon it. Hello. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, you're at home. I know. Yeah. We waited too long. We waited too long. Hello. The test. This station is conducting a test with the emergency blood gas system. This is only a test. No, okay, we can log this now. We'll have to do this. No. We don't have to run the moon man. Stay exactly. He would be upset at home. That's about the owner. Where she gets nobody here is a move run on kiss my grits. Hello. Nobody there. Well, like I'll give up and out of blame because I said I wasn't going to take any more of it all. I love the way this new phone system has worked out. Do you have it? Yeah, I've been great. Like about nine out of every ten haven't been there. Hello. Yes. I listen, Glenn, don't feel too bad. Sunnyhurst doesn't know anything about sports and he makes a living off. Exactly. Good point. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. When you were on a hold, did you hear the program? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. This program. When you were on a hold on the phone. Of course. Okay. Listen, I don't know if anybody's mentioned it, but this morning I wake up and they're interviewing Sergio Pereira and they ask them, you know, what he's felt when he saw the pope in the president and he says, well, when I saw him on the, um, on the runway, he was, uh, he says, yeah, there's a funny thing he says, uh, I felt the goose pimples up and down my arms. Yeah. Who's pimples? Who's pimples? Yeah. Kind of the same ones that our Carlson was trying to get rid of. So that's, that's what I want to do. You lay, I can't believe he said that, but he said goose pimples instead of goose bumps. Mm-hmm. Well, that's Sergio Pereira. What do you want? Okay. Nice. Okay. Have a wonderful life. Bye. Okay. The bird went up front to get stands, guest and of course, stand doesn't have any guests today. So this ought to be very interesting. You think that it could be Brian from the ice cream place or maybe it's, uh, Theresa or Tessie, whatever, name is from Channel 23 News, that Stanisil's developed this mad new crush about. I have no idea. Does there somebody on there? Should we take one more or not? Hello. Hello? Yes. Oh, how did I do punch up for? Go ahead, sir. I'm losing it. Listen, now that we got this pope out of the way. Yes. Get around to Glenn Hills review of larger than life. If you think I'm going to let him see any of these movies, he is begged. He has a genuine flexed, he's done everything. I mean, seriously, he is, and I keep asking him what the hell is it that you want these movies for? He says, uh, just curious, just curious. And I keep telling him curiosity, killed a cat that ate the bird, you know. Hey, guess what? Remember the other day you had a caller who was trying to make some lame excuse about Pope C. and Kirk Walton. Oh, yeah. You saw the, um, the guy you shot him? Yes, who gave the same lame reasoning today on television. When you were watching Dwight Lodderhill with the audio off, he was making that excuse concerning some of the protesters. He was saying, you know, he says, well, look, he saw the guy who shot him. So I don't know why they get upset about him seeing Kirk Walton. Dwight Lodderdale said that. Dwight Lodderdale, when I heard, oh boy, I was so off the chair. Well, I always tune in to Dwight to get my views on World Affairs, you know, he, uh, he's kind of the barometer of the way things are going. I got a new name for him, Mr. Pinkleberry. Yeah, that's good. They've known. Okay. Hey, I called it the weather bureau. That storm came out of the devil's triangle. Well, I should give you a little moment. That's right. Okay, see you later. Well, there he is. There's the Holy Father again on tape for those of you who missed it. They, oh, look at that. They're closing at the closing credits. Well, I don't think about six hours. Yeah, for the closing credits because they've had everybody on this thing, uh, but they're finally wrapping it up for all those people to want to see whatever show comes on it, too. And the people who are waiting for general hospital are having a nervous breakdown. They were very nervous. Trust me. This is Rajan Bhup Tiest. I guess they can owe you other Jean Joust. In fact, he was sitting in 18F on that same plan. It's a good time for the great taste. Okay, Jean. You just got a great sense of humor. Pretty good sticker on, don't you? No, I'm sure not. I'm having a lot of his so fast. You wouldn't believe. You wouldn't believe. I mean, this day today started out with that exciting trip to Tyre Kingdom. And that was enough to get me all wound up like an alarm clock. But have a wonderful show. Every line on a board is flashing frantically. They're all dying to talk to you. And after the show, we had, I can't say that I blame him. Okay, have a great day. We'll see you, Tammy. We're all going to get together in the aftermath and the eat any food that was left over.