Major World Powers and Dreadia 40 years of horrible memories. Yeah. The new Clouds Barbie Dolls. Every Clouds Barbie Doll comes wrapped in its own miniature bulletproof witness day. Woo! And back to the hours of fun you'll have, cross-examining your very own Clouds Barbie. Come on, take up! Doodle frames! The new Clouds Barbie Dolls comes complete with brown shirts, torn to the booth, think ID and best for it. Kurt Lohandall so severedly. Clouds Barbie! You can tell, eat much now, eat out! F-16 at W-I-N-C we've got a lot of grinds to check. You know, hasn't been here long enough to figure out what's really going on. Can I figure we ought to go along with it, right? We ought to take the whole audience on a trip to base side. Once the last time anybody in this audience has been to downtown Miami, who doesn't live, like in the Grove and Etienne, or L'Oaria? I mean, stand really believes in his mind and his heart that great wonderful things are happening down there. Now, of course, one of the things you need to do before you're going to go to base side. Is to have somebody to take along with you, like maybe an interpreter. Or trips will be much more enjoyable, when you can meet people and make yourself understood. Listen to this recording, repeat what you hear. Listen, then repeat. Are you ready to travel with Bennett? Of course. Yeah. Seat. Seat. No. No. No. Key. For a phadosh. For a for. For a for. Thank you. Gracias. Gracias. Gracias. Ooh, if you said, gratis in a base side, but it would look at you strange, wouldn't it? They would look at you as few. Come aboard, ladies and gentlemen, with stand major on the Miami Express, and we all head for base side. I mean, this man really is the twilight show, didn't he? How long is it going to be before he's going to really understand what's going on? Well, I'm sure I have confidence that the audience is going to straighten him out very quickly. Very quickly. I bet you he's going to come on. You're speaking a little less fun. You'll just have to know. Because he feels that that's what it takes to get him an end. Down and down time, Miami. And not only that, they don't even shoot Miami by, in downtown, do they? No. They shoot it in places like Miami Beach. Because Barbara Catholicman and Don Johnson have got something going over there. And they shoot it in places like the Kendall Town and Country Walk. Because there's nobody down there. You don't have to worry about being in her feared with the pain in the gas bystanders and groupies. There's nobody there. But wait for last time, and I don't watch the show. And I'll admit that right up front, I do not watch Miami by, so I have no interest in it. But for those who do want, what the mail is already pouring in this morning and so the more everybody's psychotic today. I don't know what it is. I came here early this morning to put a bunch of stuff together. And man, there are a lot of very psychotic people in this building today. Am I right? Don't open his mic, whatever you do. For example, here's a piece of, how come the mail is here so early today? Oh, that's right. Two days is not much mail anyway. What do they do on Monday in the post office? Do they have orgies in the post office on Monday? Because on Tuesday, nobody ever gets any mail. I mean, little bit. But that's what that's not bad. That's all for Pat. Oh, wait a minute. By the way, we got some comment. Glad you mentioned that. We finally got some comment. Nobody who's seen the picture. They've all been speechless. But we finally got some off the year comment. They didn't want to speak on the year. But off the year, they finally had a commentary. They were reaction when they saw the picture. About the loom of the lap, about, about, about, about. Okay, that's enough. What a disgrace. Now that wasn't really the comment. You want to hear the comment? You think I can find it? You think I can find it? You think I can find it? Not only don't they want to say it, I can't even find it. How do you like that? Well, I'm telling you, this is going to be some show today. If I get through this, I can get through anything. No, seriously, that was, you did recognize that voice, didn't you? Oh, yeah. Did you recognize the voice? Of course. Of course. The voice matches the picture. And even though it's the name of the song, right? It was the song. It was the very good. Boy, they're shocked today. I better be on my toes. Now this was some of the mixed comment that we got in regard to the picture. That was it. That was the public reaction to that. Anyway, I got a letter here. Dear Neil, thanks for the tip on Leo Castile Gulch. Here's your 10%. It was my first bed on a horse race. And boy, it was exciting from a listener in Pembert Ponson. There's 36 cents in here. Now what do you think they did? Bet two bucks to show? Did it pay 360? Because Gulch came in third. I have no idea. I don't know. It's not interested in trapping that show money. But they must have gotten 360 back. That's for serious. I thought it was. What are you doing with all that good stuff? I've got to leave out there for a stand major. You get your hands into everything. You get your hands into everything. And I heard that the disgusting Howard Stern tape the other day, by the way. That was disgusting. We're going to play some of it on the air a little later. No, we're not. No, we're not. Don't start with Howard Stern again. Mark, good. Get all upset. Then I'll shape in hysterical. Now, where are you going with all of that? I don't get to see anything that comes in here. He leaves me 40 copies of Dolphin Digest. And that's about it. Do I get to even look at any of that just to see where it came from? We got some mail for so far today, by the way. And don't panic. I got that special thing for major coming up here in a second. But we're holding it off. You know, see now that doesn't have anything special on it. That's for me. You're taking my mail. No, I'm sorry. Listen, folks, if you ever send me anything in the mail, and you'll wonder why I don't get it. Because we have a certain, uh, yenta, a certain yenta around here who confiscates a lot of my mail. And the only stuff he brings me is the hate mail. See, all these stuff he brings me is the hate mail. Oh, here's a good one. This is good. See now if you wouldn't have given this to me, I wouldn't have had it. Here's a great bumper sticker. There's somebody saw today. It says, honk, if Larry King owes you money. And you know something? They had a traffic jam on a dolphin expressway. Everybody was a honk. Even Daphne was out there. She thought this. She thought it said honky. And she was going nuts. Now, we ought to really open some of this stuff before we play that stand. Major thing. You're going to freak out when you hear that. Please send me 10 petitions for the recall of Bob Martinez. Oh, she... Where is this from? Fort Lauderdale. Figures. By the way, do you hear about the sister city's convention? To bring those kids from East Berlin to Fort Lauderdale because they love the wall. And they're bringing on this spring break next year. I'm serious. That was Kyle's idea. I want to give him all the credit. Where credit is due. Well, where is that mail from? Yeah, he disappeared. He left. I don't blame him. Can I take a look at that? You just confiscate all the mail. But, yeah, but don't you understand, we could go through all of this and see where it's coming from. I started to say before I was so rudely interrupted by your cackling. Look at this boon in the box, D.A. boon in the box. Well, this must be... And look at the name. Lawrence King. I swear to you, my hand to the sky. I love it. Winds. That's great. He's got the call at the wrong way. He wrote a Zee, kind of like a little swastika there. Now, this will a gentleman. And it's addressed to Larry. Oh, boy. I guess, I guess, Angie Dickinson didn't do the trick, huh? I guess that didn't satisfy his insatiable appetite. Well, when you got to know that big, it takes a lot. I started to say, we got mail for so far this morning from Lee High Acres. Is that exciting? Over in the West Coast? Did you see that? And of course, from Massachusetts and from New York. The village voice, by the way, is out in New York. We don't get it till this weekend. The real one, but we always, hey, listen, being a weak behind for us isn't bad. As generally, we're like 50 years behind. Here are some that are a postmarked West Palm Beach. Panthele is very big in Palm Beach. In fact, the picture, when you open it up in West Palm Beach, it looks about two inches bigger than the one that you see in Dayton Browner. He's big in Palm Beach. Very tiny in Dayton Browner in Monroe. We don't get any mail from Monroe either. Ron Harrison was telling me how good it comes in down there in his neck of the woods. This is all from basically Dayton Browner. Couple from Palm Beach. Well, that's because it's Tuesday. Here's one from Lincoln Road. He's probably from Bruce Singer. Yeah, Bruce wants his own boom, Bruce in the box. Well, this isn't very exciting, is it? Huh? It's Tuesday, right? I'm expecting too much. I'm going through the mail expecting to have a real banana. All of the bumper sticker with Larry King was pretty good. Wasn't it? Yeah. I need to what? Relax. Is that relaxed enough? Just put my head down on the table and just take a nap if we're up to you. Sensuous ship. What is this? Well, this is great. Look at that. It's pretty boring. 19 years old. What was it a guy? Yeah. He's got a picture in there. Oh, look at that. Here's one from Plantation. Oh, boy. I think we're going to play the Howard Stern tape on the year before the show is over. But one about that young guy in his 14 year old uncle who's sexually molested him. Yeah, I peed in my pants, actually. Now, yeah, he had penis envy. That's until he saw Howard. That's, that carries him immediately. That is about Howard Stern. Good. Get it out of here. I don't know what this is really a bizarre meal, too, isn't it? There's something going on today. I don't know what it is, but everybody's really weirded out. Okay, I can't hold off on this much longer because, you know, if you do that, then the audience starts to rebel. This is this special thing. Do we thank Marlon Bailey for this or not? We wait till we see public reaction. Because then we could play that FCC thing, too. And Marlon would really hang his head in shame. Now, he brought this by and I have no idea ever who these people are who put the stuff together. Hell and deal vice and QS vice. And this is specially for that cigar smoking looted tick from the afternoon. I'm sure he must be awake by now. In spite of all that pizza he watched me eat last night. But this is strictly for the groupie. The one my any vice groupie left in South Florida. He's a vice man by amy. He's like jagged. He's got a partner. He's got an alligator. He's got an alligator. He's got an alligator. He's 게 healed of blood. He opens... Of course. I wanna be done young. So I can look real, sag. I wanna be done young. So I can look real, babe. I wanna be done young and... I want to be done jumping. So I can look real quick. I want to be done jumping. So I can look real quick. I want to be done jumping. So I can look real quick. Hey now. Watch it now. My face is the light. I'm not playing your own school man. I just want to make your own school. Here is off my floor. This is my dog Johnson. I got the style on my side. Feel inside the trendy. Hey, you know what I should stop me man? We'll still have watching. Down all the ladies. There it right is me. I think girls are going crazy. Get away from me. You jerk. Maybe not. I want to be done jumping. So I can look real quick. I want to be done jumping. So I can look real quick. I want to be done jumping. She's made the song. One day. I'll be done. Okay there it is. I want to do John Johnson. That's the. The apologize for the quality on that. It's a little unintelligible there. But that's okay. It was great. More on trust me. It was a big improvement over the last two that came in a couple of weeks ago. But I've been getting kind of requests not to play those. Anyway, I'm sure major will just freak out when he hears that. I'll have a nervous breakdown. And that's going to be one of the questions we're going to ask. Cool would you like to shred documents with Jessica Han, Donnerized, Fawn Hall or Don Johnson. Or a combination of any of the above. 1032 at WINZ, the Amail Fristophard they came for. We haven't really got some from a Massachusetts. I was on for 20 minutes with Jerry Williams last Friday. And I managed to squeeze the address out on the air. I slipped it in there when Jerry wasn't paying any attention. And there were starting to get some mail from that. And he had an village voice that half paid. He's out in New York and we're getting response from that already. And this weekend you'll be able to see it here in the South Florida when a village voice comes out. Let me get the numbers out. And let's see if the audience is alive in a wait this morning. If there are any requests. We also have a little something special by Pat Boone, which I think we already played just a little bit of. Just a little sneak preview, which is what we're sending you in the mail. By the way, don't forget the mail continues to just astonish consultants from coast to coast on our Boone and the box picture. And we want to make sure that before Pat and. I can never think of her name, Debbie Boone. I just I have a mental block. I keep thinking of that record. You write up my life. And I like this song, but it's just the idea that Debbie Boone is recording it. That's like kind of a major turn off to me. But before they come to the sunrise musical theater, which isn't that far off I understand. To do sound of music, we want to make sure that every man woman in child in South Florida has their own Boone and a box picture. And if you'd like your own. All you have to do is send me a stamp. The staff at the restaurant will open to Boone and the box. Carmeal Rogers, WINZ. Miami and the zip code is 33055. That's Boone in the box. Carmeal Rogers, WINZ. Miami, 33055. And also if there's anybody wants to critique stands for show yesterday. I thought he did surprisingly well. To be honest with a little bit too good. We certainly want to hear from that if there are any of the danceies or listeners who are milk and tent and really want to get better out of shape. You know, stick it in your ear as basically what I have to say to them. And they'd count he's 624. 9400. Those are the new numbers. I'm just shocked. I'm sitting here looking at them and I still can't absorb them. 624 9400. And in Broward 524. 9400. I think what it's going to take to win Spire. We really are getting much reaction and date. Broward of course is always lit up immediately. You have to inspire a date with something they can understand. In fact, we may do that. Every time we get a call from date, County can may have a little sound effect in the background. 624 says does quadro. 9400. I'll be going back to Bayside a little bit later on. In fact, all through the week, we're going to be taking surprise. Pitch stops at Bayside. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going up to Rochester shortly. Do you want me to say hello to any buddy you've done in bar? You know, just to the whole gang, tell them to make about ten gross of white hots for me sir. Okay. One other thing. On one of your commercials, not your commercial, commercial from WIMC this morning, they announced the special rates from Pete Mont to go to Rochester. Pete Mont knows nothing about it. Crazy. How about American? I think you're for 69 bucks on American. No American hire, but Pete Mont to Montley, who advertising 49.0. Well, 49 bucks are being dued, believe that. I heard that on WIMC. Well, that doesn't mean anything. We'll say anything to get your attention. I thought, baby, you were that information because Pete Mont does it. Is there anybody I could talk to with Debbie I am seeing? Oh, my no. No. Nobody here knows anything that they're all psychotic. I'm telling you. I'm telling you, I'm not going to say hello to a guy. I'm telling you, American Airlines, you can go for 69 bucks. I'm not checking out. I'm serious. Okay, I'm going to check it out. In fact, there's a big ad in the sun's fentanyl there. And one of the, that's how I happened to know. 69 bucks. Right. I mean, I'm trying to figure out if they pay you. Okay. I thought you would. Good luck to you. It says other stations are running that Pete Mont's far. Were not? Is that what you're saying? You didn't even hear it on this station. 23 before 11 at WIMC. Look at that phone, man. Look at that phone. They just don't want to speak to us this morning at all. Do they? It's okay. I've got so much material here on card. I could go from now until 2. And not even give a damn if anybody calls. That's just the kind of mood that I'm in this morning. Very philosophical. You don't want to talk. That's okay. Never phase me in the least bit about these phones. And about the lights. Doesn't interest me in the least. My enemy. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. On any background, music, please. I listened to the last hour of this. And I just had born. He was before when he was in before. Oh. And then what a shot. And I'm not shot. Yes. Or trip will be much more enjoyable. When you can meet people and make yourself understood. Listen to this recording. You repeat for two years. Just in. Then repeat. Are you ready to travel with bullets? Yes. Seep. No. No. Tees. For the service. Thank you. Good ass. Yes. Okay. Something of a two-tambabay area TV statements. They've stopped there in an automobile tire commercial in which allied discount tires pitchman. Sam Beard as a spoof on TV evangelist. Oral Roberts. And tells viewers he's got a sell. 80,000 tires this month. Or he will die. I just got a message from up. Weats honoring various worthy causes. One of my favorites is National Make Fun of the Handicapped Week. Which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of as you know. During National Brotherhood Week, various special events are arranged to drive home in the message or brotherhood this year. For example, on the first day of the week, Malcolm X was killed, which gives you an idea of how effective the whole thing is. I'm sure we all agreed that we ought to love one another. And I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings. And I hate people like that. His song about National Brotherhood Week. All the white folks, hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks. To hate all but the right folks, there's an oldest established rule but to National Brotherhood Week. National Brotherhood. Lean on horn and share and park our dancing cheat to cheat. One to you, the jies, the people you despise as long as you don't go and I'm in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks, and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All the my folks hate all the rich folks. It's American as apple tie but you're a national brotherhood. National brotherhood New Yorkers love the quest or regions cause it's better easy. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus. Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews vulture. National Brotherhood. National Brotherhood Week. National Everyone's My Last One. Another hood we speak. Nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only four weeks though, have no fear. Be grateful that it doesn't last all year. Hi, Aliga. Hello. Hi Aliga. Hello. They just walk and pull the Nile and the stuffy, the grant that's saying he's here. You know, you're not going to be yours and you came out. You saw this like that. What is it? Why did you come out and just announce that he had to leave. You know, he's not going to be the right person. There's no people that show it up. Even though it's like a phantom of people. Yeah. He want to have one. And you know, it's all like beauty to give to the nearest three no matter what. Yeah, of course. And it's all for everybody. Lots of things. People are waiting for the questions. Why not? Same one. No question. I had a friend with me who had an autograph for that. Fixed us. And I got it. I got really remorse. I just said, God, you have never called the Protestants. This is not a view. And my friend, he would do the whole situation. And he would do the whole situation. And he would do the whole situation. And I would do the whole thing. And I would play my hero into it. Hallelujah. He would help. She had an experience all along that. Everybody happy people like said when he will turn, they will look because they are looking to this situation just like I'd have fallen into. I hope they had a lot of handicapped parking spaces. Oh yeah. It's fast. And you know, I was really going to receive some for God. I went out of two days back. And I went home. So, same. I said, I went home with a whist. You know, I do not. If anything, I'm mad from a lot of my Christian friends. Yeah. I can imagine what. I have been totally blunt from God. I've been told he did die. One way. The grace of God. We did. He had a experience with God. She seen them. And I didn't have any of that. I turned away from all of that five years ago. And I have been asked for us. It's not a bit for you. Anyway. But people are just making a hero. And they're going to make Christians are going to make heroes out of them all over our camp. I know. Because you may end up killing themselves and trying to find drugs again and not. I believe not. Yeah. I'm going to show you guys what's out. You can't look to me. I'm good anyway. If I wanted to show that one story about the people. Roy. Is this a story? With the underwear. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. I really enjoyed your time. I just started watching. I'm the younger and the less the child that I've. I used to listen to. I was radio station and I was just like that. I was listening to that. I had a radio station for about a month. I just feel we appreciate your song. Well, we got some irregular music for putting on later. It's going to be great. Take care. Okay. I had a miracle this morning. I got up and I cracked open the freezer and my refrigerator and I opened the refrigerator door. And there was an image of a humongous Sicilian pizza. Oh, man. Oh, man. We're your weather. We got the new video. We got a picture. Yeah. Wait, man. This is kind of interesting because John Levin. Who's now up in Palm Beach. He used to be my producer and he used to pass himself off as a meteorologist. And we were never sure. But did you listen to that part of the record? Where she says, uh-huh. Oh, no. Oh, no. And he's all up. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. This is where it is. This is your restaurant. Oh, man. I have to stop. The Napught is on fire. I'm gonna tell you something, if I ever recover from that call, I'll let you know. She's good, we could put her on tape and probably get her own show, you know. She was, in fact, of major's listening, you better look out. She could be she could get an 80 Shea'er easy. Never need a call. Oh, I'm just, I'm ready to go to pieces now. Point and beat, shall you there? Oh, inspire you, sir. Hello, yes. When are you giving away the tickets? What tickets? Who? Piggas for Madonna. What station are you listening to? WCINITY. Yeah, who's there anything about Madonna's tickets? Do you search after them? Yes, do they? In Glennio, Tommy. Who? Glennio. Oh, is this his boyfriend? We're just friends. Oh, okay. Yeah. Nothing romantic about it. Nothing romantic? Just like you on call. Me and who? Call? Call us? Yes. Oh, I didn't know you knew about that. Everybody does. Okay. Except Carlos. Well, he did. He never come back in the building. I guess that's why he left. There's another one I'm responsible for. I chased him out. Literally. Well, he could run fast. I'll tell you. For a stocky kid, he could run like crazy. Like the wind. Poor Blaine. Huh? With you after him? Well, that's true. Well, listen, if you want the Madonna tickets, maybe we could make a little day here, huh? All right. Oh, see? Boy, you're pretty easy. Pretty easy. Well, what do you want to do for the Madonna tickets? The name is. Now, come on off. Let me fly and get this great. All right, Senator. Your testimony is that bomb and fallen have a plan to get some contra AIDS. All right. Is that that is correct, sir? He's cellar weapons to Iran to get that contra AIDS. With a play low here and a play low there. Here alone, there alone. Everywhere a play low. That's right. Bob McFarland had a plan to get some contra AIDS. So, my fallen has that bomb to get that contra, though. Yes, but when the going got too hot, he couldn't hate no more. About me all the time. And about me, I'm bad. You're a bit of a bit of a way to tell him. Bob McFarland had the plan to get some contra AIDS. Yes, I'm a see. Well, thank you for clearing this mouth off, General Longman. And thank you, Senator. And I'll advance your counsel to the floor, and he's well, the testimony is heard. You can have that piano tune. Yes, Dr. Cool. Hi, I'm a town. Nice to meet you. You know just what you do. I've been to the east. I've been to the west. But you've been dialed at all of this. You've been through this. All this. All this. You've been through this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All this. All that. Bob McFarland. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Now, there's anybody who will wonder it in the past about how he has those high notes. When you open it envelope and get your picture that lands to the question for you. Plantation. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Fine. I'm just here visiting for Montreal. Well, you must be going through a culture shock. Yeah. I guess so. What's this language crap? There's guys talking about just the way we go. All this bilingual crap? Yeah. Well, it was probably bilingual crap. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we have that crap up there and Montreal. I tell you. Pauli, will you, Franz? Yeah. All you out there come along. They tear down all our English signs. But yeah. Once. Once you're maniac. Yeah. And if you didn't. And if you kept trying to signs up there, they took up the picture you went to. You guys, your question? Yeah. In Quebec, you don't use this nation lately. Ah, well, we don't plant much now. Which one do they play? Um, Lamar say. I'll be with. We. Tom Sirius. Yeah. The French Canadian, the French and National Anthem? No, no. No. They say it like this. They go, oh, Canada. Now, Franz is here. Oh, I see. They don't float. Oh. So they Frenchy up a little bit, huh? I thought maybe they used bloodshed to queen. Cut that out. Huh? Cut that out. Oh, really? How come? I don't know. We want to get a constitutional that. You know. Oh, nice thing. No more queens in Montreal, huh? Okay. That was for you. Yeah, thanks. See, we don't do that for everybody. Oh, that's great. And that good? Yeah. So we want to show you how friendly the Americans want to be. Yeah. It's a great country. Only not to, uh, not to French Canadians, though. Oh, yeah. We are very hostile toward French Canadians. Oh, yeah. Seriously? Uh-huh. Well, you're so colorful down here. I mean, we don't have touchers like this up there. And, no, of course not. And you don't have much color up there either, do you? Oh, but you thought it's all boring, dull and dreary. People are very pale in Canada. Yeah. Even the hockey players, you know. They're just like, hey, when I wake up. Okay, and during the news, Greg, we lost a couple of people. Neorodges. Yeah. It was a moonlit night, a gold Mexico. I walked alone between some old Adobe Hossein des. Suddenly, I heard the plaintiff cry of a young Mexican girl. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or had ever been in homosexual. I've never been to a prostitute. Driving the teams, doing something different. Taking your youth better. What you're saying, to your fake and fake force, to be a whiff and a court. Why are you holding up the stretcher, can you hold down the floor? You're very safe ass. Anger of time. Any other team will just be dragged in half. Something I've got to weigh over to forever in my chair. And I hope it's better now as one is failed. Driving the teams, the self-execrision. Maybe something better. What you're saying, over your eyes. It's dropping like a glass. You can't even hold around for you. Can't get the goodbye. Okay, I want to see an immediate show on a phone from people who are just foaming at the mountain. Exfici over last night's Celtics debacle in the garden. How was that great? Boy, that was incredibly blew a 16 point lead. In midway in the third quarter, and then after the lakeers tied it, they pulled away by eight, and they were leading by six with less than two minutes to go and they blew it. Look at that phone. Except for a small group of misfits out there who continue to be Celtic fans, everybody in this audience, is deliriously happy. Extann it. Although I have no idea what the spread is on these games, but I have never been able to understand people who bet on football and basketball and baseball games. It's like going to the race track and having to have your horse not only win the race, but win by five lengths or more for you to catch. See, that's the one great thing about the track. If you win by a nose or you win by 20 lengths, it's just as good. Or you start having to give points. Boy, incredible. Was that coming next season? You have to win by three lengths or more. Good luck to you. Anyway, we have a hell of a show where is my special guest, by the way, who's supposed to be in here this morning? Has he not reported yet? What is he doing? Is he busy gossiping on the phone? Can't believe it. Final see him coming down this hallway. In the next 30 seconds, there he is. Oh, she's, I have to push up in downtown from my mother. She needs some tortillas and chili pepper. Okay, some of the sounds are safe sides. On W.Y. and C. Oh, unbelievable. That made you a dream. It was a moonlit night, gold Mexico. I walked alone between some old Adobe Hussianders. Suddenly, I heard the place of cry of a young Mexican girl. The media is sick and they can't badly. So anyway, we have, in budget. Not serious, but I think we are... Where you be wrong? Because... It's a trap, y'all. It's a trap, y'all. It's a trap, y'all. It's a trap, y'all. It's a trap, y'all. Yes, here we are. We've always believed that the key to fix is, he's being someone else. Wanna be a famous TV newscaster? Pleasure's our intention right now. Look here. What do you think? This is Walter Cronjard, CBS News. Hey, man, this is Walter Cronjard. Hey, man, man. Very good. Very good. No, no, stop. No, stop. Wait, I... Or how about a much, you see? The honey, the whole... A whole day. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I won't. But baby, this is what? Pretty good food don't ever go today. Given for your dog, too. Cut up her. Yes, it's crap going through a lot of famous impressions. And remember, a crap girl, we always say, if you buy this, you'll buy anything. And that's selling it like it is. Part of Mrs. Rebenchgood. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, now keep up the good wait. Where are you calling from, sir? That's what? Are you in a casino? No, no, I'm home. No, no, no. Okay. Okay. There he goes. I was... Hey baby, I'm feeling kind of hungry. What's the long? Honey, honey, I'm on a new apartment. You're a good, good, good girl. I've lied to no one. I've helped you build your mother. You've made that to God. You've made me so mad. And you want something big, I'll keep playing around. You're a part of this way. And you're a part of this way. And you're a big, good, good, good. And you're a part of this way. And you're a white baby. You're not it. Or just jam it as a punishment, baby. Okay, 12-0-8-W-I-N-C-We're back. And this has been odd. It's like two different shows because I'm having a best time of my life here. And the audience, on these calls so far.