Very definitely something to think about and of course that inspires me to new heights Yeah Dennis Collins is the only one who talks about Nolan material Yeah, we want you to just pick up would you please Yeah, how you don't up there Geneva. How's the weather? Hey Neil, I want to go Hey, you want to see the bad boys at the A&P. I'll tell you it's better than ever Why do you say those nasty things What are you guys doing there this morning? Are you like on the air you just rehearsing? What's the question? What's the question? How old is Joey Reynolds that's the question? Is this matter back? Is that a funny issue? mentioned that Neil is Joey is you know, he dropped the imperialiautically on our program right here as I picked up Okay, it's this here's the next question. How hot is 105? We can get oh what about 62.3 Oh Really, are you well, we'll tune it up maybe we'll put it on the air you guys are playing pretty good music lately I noticed thank you Are you on the right now? What happened? Yeah, we're on no we're just sitting around having coffee Yes, you're on our air right now if you're on your air. I don't really give it to him Are we on your air? Oh, not yet. Yeah, what is it? Where music offensive? I mean intense it. What is that mean not yet? In other words when you guys build the courage you might put us on some day as hell what you're saying Why not? Where the hell are your priorities anyway? You know, 10. Tender did a whole show for us yesterday I mean what about you guys? Well, you're supposed to be our good friends Hey, are your good friends? It's just that we have all these guys in Pittsburgh or on anybody's friend Yeah, you got some problems up there no question about them. Oh, no, no, we have no problem We do we got this consultant this guy named Chris Gable and if you want to make a hell of a deal We'll send him over to you will swap him for a Skyler how's that? I think we might have been Donald Donald sounded frantic yesterday Did you hear that those guys won't talk to us anymore? Why would they have nothing to say? What are you doing? No, we have to stick up there, but what's going on over there? We had said that they were paranoid, but then we changed their mind because paranoia is an Natural fear you know one that's unwarranted Undressed if I agree with you And in their case yeah, it's great justified so they're not paranoid at all They're just scared bleepless is what they are is the bottom line Why can't understand why when you see those pictures of Greg and the In the hell yeah, oh Do you know something he is beginning to look more like Irene Richard every day? I Like the one where you said to put sky what I'm hell And drag with Donald well with Donald's wedding dress, did you see that picture? Those guys every day is a drag and I'm saying no question about it What are some guys it's been wonderful having you as guests in our living rooms? Wait a minute don't you want me to straighten something out? What's well, let's not get into this yes Jim Skyler. Oh, yeah, what about a gem You're gonna tell us the truth you're gonna kiss his butt again You want you can you hold on for just a second of course And have the show to do okay, okay, all right, I'm gonna show to do it. Let's more important Oh boy George Michael isn't that just what you're socks yeah It's six thirteen on Zeta four Simal casting this morning with McCain and a morning in the Jim Skyler in hot 105 This could be the only show in America. Do you realize that the only morning show that What's all the other more than shows on here? Why not the only one I have heard of yeah? Hello, there's no hotline anywhere, but here in the studio. I never knew that before what does that mean? Filming fanically trying to find a hotline. Not even have one other phones work before nine o'clock Don't they have one in the John over there? Don't they have one in the John No, sorry Keep us in there too long, you know He acoustic in there are great though. We do that I would think so I've heard yours show you know what I'm saying So what's the deal now what what are we doing because we're hanging on here is the record over George Michael I mean we don't play like George Michael records on Zeta, okay? No, we don't well on this show. We don't play hardly any records. When do I start? Well, what date would you like to start? What would be good for you? No, no, no There's room for everybody's musical taste. Absolutely. Submine apparently and I don't know I can't get a job, but anyway Now you want me to stay not this whole business about how going was allegedly rude to me Yeah, would you please and be honest don't don't worry about his feelings. So because where there's no sense there's no feeling Well Jim really doesn't want to straighten this out because he says he's getting such incredible name recognition Is he really this has been dragging on to it's about Jews? Well it will end when we finally get the truth well we had we got the truth at the future You were rude and hostile and nasty kids kids please don't fight, okay? Go ahead Jim I think he's gonna do a break are you gonna put these? He's not even listening. No, no worry about him. We don't we don't need to be on your rear. Don't where we didn't call to be superstars, okay? Okay, we just plan to in the heck of a job. Yes, we are of being superstars or just being jackass So what's the real story Jim come on we've only got a four-hour show. I know that you love being on a real station But what's a story? Just a joke I know if I know all our sales dogs are listening to you right now Yeah, well our sales departments listening to and they're just a joke so don't worry about them You know why are sales people listening? Why is that? I'm gonna straighten them out on this point too. They're trying to steal accounts Come on. They're trying to steal accounts from us. Yeah, well we don't have any So what the hell is their story? Why talk about stupid Yeah, tell them to listen to a station with spies. Yeah, tell them to listen to light. I got a lot of spots So anyway, so are you gonna answer the question or we're just gonna have to We said it's just a joke. What that's all that no that was referring to something else. Oh, okay, that was wishful thinking on your part Now you're gonna tell the audience how the bird just to Totally showed you a rude and a palace kind of behavior that day Well see those the whole thing hinges on the fact that that you missed part of our our conversation when we're standing in the atrium Yes When Transmade one point and he said something to me that that you didn't hear really something we can say on the air Yeah, he said he was going on to his car to get a gun. Yeah. Oh, oh No, oh Ex-he-he-he excuse himself. He had to answer the call of nature. I see and you didn't hear one of that have to do with they came in the Now then he said then he said well when you went into the studio Was where you're continuing the act of nature quietly in the studio or well I went back We all went into the studio, right? Remember Jim? Yeah, it was during a news break and he says that that time I like turned my back on you and was incredibly rude. You were you were just them. I didn't notice that I see and I didn't notice it either Jim Now you didn't notice it I didn't notice it Conversation and I was also watching the clock because I didn't want to you got absolutely VBS news right didn't want to horn in on the program exactly so you had absolutely not one Any feeling of rudeness that was not in your brain what's so ever that day What's the weather? I'm sorry to have to admit that because I know this mayor probably put a stop to I don't know about it Pretty obvious that the guy is so hard up for a job, but he's just gonna Fish your he's gonna be a liquefant right to the very end and we're never gonna get the true story out of them That's okay. We understand I was hoping maybe Glenn could use his considerable influence with the hell to give me Linda Thornton's old job really Or Linda Thornton's home number one of the other Do you speak Spanish Jim? Oh, that's true that kind of disqualified Oh, sorry. Well, good luck to you Jim. Buenas deus have a wonderful life And We're gonna be tuning in for more George Michael little later on, okay? Is it truly you have buttons down to say unbelievable on them? Yes, we do Well, we will Okay, we'll do it today the bird will put one today. Yeah, right today. He will Trust me Okay, okay We'll see you in Senna could cancel, okay? He means form as do any opening. Okay Are you audio's? Bye-bye Boy boy What do you think of that little conversation we had about the incident? No, what was it? It's 618. I'm saying for you. We have the 620 news. How about if we listen? Is Captain Mung in there as he in the room at all? No, we want to talk about to Dr. Dave and Vanna pick me a letter in stereo as A to four exclusive I just got to win spin the wheel again Oh, Vanna pick me a letter back from what do you mean bank right on cure how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at bad say jack again won't throw in the tower still live by your powers Oh, Vanna pick me a letter Hey, man, what do you mean there's no even phone Vanna pick me a letter no one does it any better I dream about you hey, Vanna is that an all over ten or what? Vanna I don't understand why you make a hundred grand not for me to say Anyway, get me a ticket for an error plan Gonna be on the wheel of fortune game. I just got to win spin the wheel again Oh, Vanna pick me a letter Go Vanna, go baby go, all right Hey, got out of my face back Is that a two wing? Is that a hell in that world? Is it a low rider? All right, let's buy a Forget the letter, man. I'll take Vanna why you beautiful man You need to play the home game. Got me a ticket for a narrow plane All right, I'm on the wheel of fortune game I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round. Hey, Vanna pick me a letter loser turn hey fat lose dead, Vanna pick me a letter no one does it any better I dream about you all right that is an all over ten Vanna I don't mean to stare but are you wearing underwear not for me to say Anyway, I don't hear how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at fat say jack again won't throw in the towel till I buy your Bower of Anna pick me a letter Please banna pick me a letter All right, I'm ready to pick baby FECD FGHJ Gala no B2RC WX-YD That's your car, man All right, I'll take the sofa the blender the microwave the refrigerator Hey man, what do you mean five hundred dollars for a black and white five and portable TV said You got ripped off, man My brother and wife will get it for your whole sand Give me the money and I'll buy the TV's in man, all right Hey, man, it's a lot, baby Yeah, it's I'm a lot better in stereo. Oh, yeah, I move up like two notches because it's in stereo today All right, it's next 20 now on Zeta Ford out the end the news this morning We're gonna finally put this thing the rest I know about jibbskiler Oh, no, really is that the big news stirring don't you think it is no you don't you don't buy it You think this is bigger than the settlement of the were always Peter moon this morning by the way. I went to the concert So what does that mean you went to the concert that's the word I got so in other words if you go to the concert You get the night off he was here for a little while What's that cut what do Hey, I would have gone to the concert if we could have had the morning off I would have a great you're not gonna discuss this with me. You're just gonna ignore this you're gonna do what you're about this jibb skiler Walter wrong What is the one again? Walter wrong that award is that like little Lord falter off? Yeah Okay, all you kids out there like who want to be professional and more That's what you grow okay, and there's something to be said for that because look what it did for Slice the loan and Arnold Schwarzenegger, right? So you're not gonna talk about it You want to be professional more on just keep listening to the bird you're not gonna talk about it In fact, you can develop an instant vocabulary It beats sitting in the library. I'll tell you then the signing of an agreement between Cuban inmates and federal authority has brought liberty for 89 hot to dis held at the US Penitentiary in Atlanta They released hostage shook hands with the detainees and hug federal officials during their walk to freedom Haven't you always wanted a hug of federal affairs? Yeah, I'd let think about it Cod your up the image in your head the Atlanta prison settlement calls for a moratorium on deporting detainees who arrived during the 1980 mario boat lift It also says the Cubans will not be held responsible for damage to the prison Say to forecast partly cloudy becoming breezy later today a small cracked advisory will go into effect later How did a 76 low tonight? 49 and currently 54 at say to four at six 22 the following monthly paid an offer based on Weak while Reagan meets Gorbachev unsuper power summit out. That's who we were right at the beginning This is Yakovsmeer enough I beg for all this week while Reagan meets Gorbachev unsuper power summit I'll be right here on say the four for the great comedy summit of 1987 That was great. Okay. It's a 24 past six on Zayda four. I thought I would just audition it on the air and see if it was any good, right? What a waste of time Okay, let's take some more calls. Align's are just a frantic here this morning. Do you think we have more complaints? Like that first one dog call us for more material Who was that stands personal secretary? Oh, you're not your micers. No, but that's why you're so quiet. I wondered why you wouldn't say a damn thing What's we open his mic he just claims up? No, I'm still contemplating that phone call the hotwood of five. Dave County, hello. I miss Roger. Yes I just came back to me up to which ago After being accepted by one or local temples as a second during ratar I yeah, what do you sound secondary to mason? Any sound so dare be question organizations President Me to collect my name because they said it wasn't the finger fly for their temple And I refuse to collect my name to do the one we call itself over in Qatar and I I'm just a tech dad because I will cry for it. I Cutter yeah, and then And other extensions for name and they refuse to have me unless I went to Is what version of name? Okay, well if listen if you play cards right I'll give you joys hotline number okay you can call him beyond you Geez Okay, if you get any other people at over the age of 90 give a number for a WNWNWN Something you want to talk to 26 past six on Zeta four there's an open line in date at six two oh 36 hundred and let's go to Broward County, hello. I do it Neo. Okay, sir Rick and I really enjoy your show. I listen to it every morning. I get up about four or 30 About the same time you do yeah, and well that's good but not in my house down In Darcy, oh night, put that video on and I listen to it as I'm cooking my eggs in the morning. Yeah, well the show will fry your eggs There's no question about that Now I think it's just great now. I love all the guys on there and You got great humor great humor yeah, and it really gets me up in the morning. Let me tell you. Well that's good. That's the idea So speak okay, well you've been a great call or certainly an improvement over the couple we've had so far See you later. Okay, I'll read the Darcy 27 past six and we might as well give this one last try Uh-oh, huh? But I don't give up easily and I just throw it a towel now. Are you not gonna call Greg and though? Yes, I am They're gonna hang up on well he has no choice. He's been he's got a directive for management Let me tell you something we get directive for management too and we go on the air We tell it like it is we announced the audience that management is brain dead and We fight for our rights don't we? But you're not great. We fight for our rights. No, that's true. We're not nervous and insecure yeah and We were Greg and had his number The nervous and insecure I'm telling he's just gonna All right, well giving him one more chance that's what I'm gonna tell him we it's 28 last six on Zeta four And now these guys have been They've been under a lot of pressure, okay? We do what that by by tape though. Yeah, Darl could do what you know I want to talk to us the least you could do is cut us an Okay, now don't don't hang up right away come on Please What you can't play anymore and I don't hang up right away just think about it. Okay If I be oralons did they hang up they hung up don't hang up by the oralons remember that record Sure don't hang up. Yeah, they hung up they hung up no got no balls Greg Jesus Play anymore that sounds like something out of a sandbox doesn't it? I gave him one last chance. I will call Donald after 10 for one and see if he'll cut that tape for it He won't do it the tape is not the important thing the important thing is that we during these last few days on this show Have developed something just totally unique. I mean on the AM was a different story because we were not competing We weren't even on the same band We were not in the same day part But here in the last few days we've developed something that's just unheard of And we've got all a competition on the show at the same time right? And they want to destroy it. They want to ruin a good thing Well, they're the elixirers showing you realize they have no act you would think that they want anything innovative and new they do it's the bandage But You want you to run it by again I'm gonna say it to again management and this business is all incompetent and brain dead. Well, I know that all underline all Okay, exactly in any color you like in technical In the color all right They're all brain dead. They're a bunch of morons, all right, and the way you deal first of all he's got a contract over there He's the he's the program director for crying out loud. They letting play what he wants to Exactly like they let him play with Donald So what kind of a gutless wonder is this but del turning into anyway? We can't play anymore, but boy he's the program director. It's they in name only Obviously he's got about as much cloud as Irma Ladoos has over here John moron They had to give him that title though. Yeah, let's give the title they promoted I got this or if they wanted to pay me that amount I wouldn't need any title Okay, well, we were tomorrow Tomorrow and if John moron is listening, I think you're a pretty good guy 630 on Zeta 4 and Where do we have that open line is in date counting it 620 what would happen to us? 3600 you're on your own Go back to the breakfast club 620 3600 notice all of people from the YouTube concert who we're just uh one yeah See that's the plot right how many people were there about 70 thousand something like that 75 thousand okay Well, this is a market of 4 million people So all the rest of the 3 million 925 thousand people who were not there yesterday They don't give two hoots about the YouTube concert all right and they didn't care about all that hype and all that hysteria Did they absolutely not in fact most of them probably don't even like you too? Well, they're very popular. They're very they're very big but they're probably overdone no overdone That bottle of vox I mean he looks like walking death He really does I realize at most of the rock groups that they look decadent and grow test and just discussed it But what is the big deal with him? He really he's like a walking scuss ball So that's another one of those groups that is to be listened to but never to be seen oh yeah like John Cougar Listen to him. Don't watch him. Barbara Streisand for what you would joy 101.7 fans Listen to her music, but don't ever look at her cross-eyed. You know what I'm saying See if you look at Barbara cross-eyed You know what happens if you look come it even's out Really and you think you're looking at her regular because she's no seriously she's looking back at you cross-eyed And it's like It's hard to explain on radio if we had like a on TV we could draw a diagram and show how like the Eye patterns cross oh I see what I'm saying yeah kind of like diagonally Okay 632 on Zader let's take a call from date County this time hello Listen to the level on these calls, man. You can barely hear this guy. Yeah, how you doing? Go ahead. It's not it's not your fault, sir. It's our fault And Listen, I heard you talk about about Rand Telly of the day. Alice yeah, and I had to call because you're not gonna believe this but I believe it a couple of weeks ago And I know what to send To listen to Alice, but I was Macarons, you know, no, it's not a Senate's an active desperation Over a couple of weeks ago someone mentioned your name Yes, and he said that that you were obsessed with this show I'm obsessed with this show that's funny because I never I never listened to it But then on top of that he says that you do pretty well You know considering that you've been stealing his materials for the last seven years Oh, yeah Oh, yeah, I mean That does I mean I don't know if you're aware of that, but this guy uses a lot of your phrases No kidding yeah unbelievable It's just a coincidence, sir. So the word you're looking for is clone okay CLO any as in clone heads He's a talent, you know, I mean, he's an Italian uses these uh He's a Jewish expression. Yeah, I know that yeah They didn't even know what they mean. Well, I don't know why we would discuss Alice he's so past say he's like Alice blue gown these days. He's like from the dark ages And you know one last thing if you're gonna play Elvis, you know play some concert cut Yeah, but you do stuff that's crap like Elvis in Vegas, right? Oh, no, man like like it's now and everywhere He forgot the lyrics That's my favorite too. Okay, sir. Thanks for the info all right, bye boy 634 on Zeta 4 26 before 7 on a Friday morning and I feel why to wait this morning I actually got an extra hour sleep I don't know why but it just worked out that way in my house Didn't have to watch I wasn't forced to watch David Letterman last night so I really feel wide away Three runs this big it is yeah, yeah, one other all new to you We're talking about something in 1985 Well, they were a couple nights ago, right? Let's all reruns. Yeah, well and he show is not worth watching the first time Why disagree I want you would I don't I don't understand the humor. I guess I must be very stupid. Yeah, right? No You just you probably just aren't have a watch and add into it and if you need get a it's like any other Cutting you got to watch it for a while right and also I understand that there was a major episode of not slanting you Talked about a yesterday morning last night and somehow it didn't make it in my house You were on the side Someone was watching reruns of Sanford and son or something and I was just you know have passed out and not paying any attention Then about 11 30 a dawned on me a little light bulb lit up over my head You've lost that show I've lost control of my TV said well is your TV said yeah, and yeah You bought it you paid for it. Yes, you say my cable. It's your cable that you pay every month for correct So how did you lose control well? I don't have the clicker box No, that's not yours. No, I only rent that out 635 Zeta four and let's take another one from date to an arrow from date county. Hello morning. I'm impressed. Yes, sir. Are you good? Just out here visiting of living my daughter I think you guys got a really good show going on down here. Thank you so much. Where are your for your from sir? Ohio Brown camp or decent Ohio yeah Yeah There's a station up there is still where you're there's the morning show guy does what a joke isn't in the stand also Stand also well my name is is not stand so I could have said stand too Yeah, well, let me say it against her my name isn't stand my name is Neil the last time I checked Neil Rogers Do I should have a stand there? We have a stand on the AM on Wincy who works in the afternoon who's on a dying station Yeah, well, that's what I was trying to I see. I see. Well, I just want to keep that straight enjoy a lot of customs You have down here You know that running over your toes with the shopping guards. Yeah. That's good. That's one of my favorites How about stealing the sweet and low did they do that know Ohio? I don't think so yeah I don't think so really But They said that you guys really make sure occur. Yes, we do well. It's great hearing from you And I'm sure you're a lot happier to be here than Ohio right now, right? I guess it's not right now Yeah, okay. Well have a wonderful day sir. Thank you and a great life Okay, I think that was the same guy that called the beginning of the show Just rising his voice six thirty six on Zeta four and I guess we'll do this now because I'm sure we'll get requests to play it again later It's the old new leave it to be there starring Bob Robillingsley You boba Tony down and Clint Eastwood as the beaver Yeah, yeah mom. What is it? I was a package done here fire just came in the mail Looks like it's from bubbles. Isn't that that doggie know what school? No, she's a hooker She's hooky. She plays hooky from school a lot. That's where I know her from Later up in the boys room hey, Wally look I got a package from bubbles. Oh, yeah, what did she send you? I see Ah, geez, she sent me her underwear I got a quick hang it around those kind of women Suppose I couldn't say I told you so but guess this is not time to be rubbing it in well as long as mom and dad don't find out I'll just hide him in the drawer here Later that same episode What look what I found in beaver's drawer Where did that come from? Oh, I think I'm in trouble big trouble Mom dad those underwear belong to To Wally You're talking about yeah, there he is he wears them Precious around in them like like tinkerbell isn't that right big brother Yeah Oh Can I yesterday we call Luke kelp and maybe today we can call Tony Dow And that piece something I know a lot of guys get excited a lot of people will get excited about people Most of you guys 638 on Zeta 4 will be right back Pamator cat so come to the sports authority you've never seen anything quite like it the sports authority Oakland Park Boulevard and root 441 Perfect Drive I wonder why Dan McKay and Jim Schuyler talked to us for about 10 minutes and they didn't seem to be suffering from any kind of insecurity, hysteria, or juvenile behavior. And yet when we called Donald and noodles, they seem to be some serious problems over there. Yeah, at how well if they didn't seem to care about it. And like what we called Bill Tanner yesterday, in Power 96, he did like a five-minute showy brought Carmen on and Dr. Root and all his characters and it were great, far close. And when we called even Joey yesterday, we had a great, a classic call, one of the greats in the history of Broadcast, and he was super. And we have on tape, if anybody would like to send a cassette in. Yeah, you like your very own copy of the Joey Reynolds call. It's a joke, for example, if you got a talk show and you don't have any material left, stand. We'll be more than happy to supply you with your own copy so you can do like about a half an hour on it like he did yesterday. He knew, believe that. I mean, what relevance is there? In all seriousness, what relevance is there between the Stan Major show and my call to Joey? Oh, can you see the connection? The reason he gave was that Joey talked about him. You know, Joey mentioned Stan. So? Well, that's not happening with anything. Well, you have to ask Stan, but that's the reason he gave. Okay. Now who are we calling? Yeah. It's a wonderful day. And they've been putting it 780 to 470 on say to 4 and you're just sneezing up a storm. I'm a little stuffed up. Another one of those people has a cold and doesn't want to admit it. No, I do something wrong. No. I didn't. I think you only hit six buttons. And I don't have a cold. You don't have a cold? No. I'm just just keep saying that. I'm just a stuffed up. Hey, here we go. I was stuffed up. Now this is going to be kind of interesting to see what kind of reception we get here on this phone call. Oh my god. No, it's going to be fascinating to me. In fact, it'll be really fascinating if they ever picked a damn phone up. That's what's going to be really exciting. Is this like a hotline? This is like another loop or loop count in war law. Dennis Collins. Yeah. Oh, I'd love to have that in the road to the... We'd start calling him if I'd come in early about 430 in a morning. And we play all our new material for it over the phone. How can they not be answering the warm lives? Is that possible? Is this another radio station? Well, just could be. I think I know who this is. Do you really? Yeah. What's your guess? Oh, I'm so excited. Oh, I'm so excited. How can they really live? Really? Oh, wow. Are you doing something on your ear? Yeah, well they're listening to those suggestions to improve the story. Yeah, I got that number to date. I still haven't had a chance to organize. Which is good because we're getting new numbers every day. Now, did these numbers all come from our friend and Kendall from fruit cake? Uh, it might have been him. I'm not that familiar with this voice. It will be. There was like about three different calls and I think two of them were from different people. Oh, I'm sure buddy, this is a big fan of you. Yeah. He tapes my show every day and I wouldn't have to tape it if he talked to us directly. You can hear it live while it's on the air. Come on, Sunny. Pick up the phone. Would you please? Would somebody over there tell Sunny that we're calling him for a cryo loud? Hey, Sunny. There's a phone call. Yeah, Sunny. It's that phone. Try to clear the cobwebs out of your eyes, Sunny, and answer that phone. Thank you, dialed correctly. I am positive that I dialed the correct number. Hello. Very excited. Very excited. I'm excited. I'm here. I'm excited. I'm here. But I do a link, Sunny. Maybe he's doing one of the bits that I did a few days ago that he heard on the year. Always the one that he liked. Oh, he heard he was just obsessed with Captain Dave saying called a police while he talked about the specimen. Bonno. Yeah, he loved that. That was a great moment in radio history. You requested about it. So like with a hidden bird. Yeah, exactly. Right there. If you'd like you're very on the Tupperware specimen container, we're going to be selling those here at the center. The fog is going to be burning off. It's like you're just hovering over the ground. Like being at a movie. You think that's an element? You see that? I think that has something to do with that article about Bob Lassiter that he's on it. There's a dense fog rolling out. So he's a deep, dank, deep pression setting in. It's like being at a horrible, really hard. I expect Bellalagosi to come out at any moment to make some biting comments on Zeta Four. It'll burn off with this. Well, I'm really sure. Gave this stiff number plenty of time to ring. Didn't we? I bet you he knows that we're calling. Is that possible? Yes, it is. Why would you think of him? Well, why would he answer that? How about if we rang the number in David Ross's office? Well, that he's not there. He's not there, but it would be kind of interesting to see what we've got. That thing. You can save things. Save sleep and other things. Yeah, maybe David is in there checking out the license and see what that renewal date is. Okay, 646, Zeta Four. It couldn't happen in nicer folks, David. Let me tell you that. Okay, where are we going next to? Don't even think about calling me, sure again. What the hell was that about? Two people called and said that they talked to the people with sunny studio. And they told him that you were trying to get through and they said they think you have the wrong number because there was no number ringing like that. It didn't make any sense. So I had the wrong number. Maybe. So they suggested calling the 550 line because they are answered. 550, why would 100? Why would I? Yeah, 550, why would I hear it? Why would I hear it? What if you... When you cut it out already, I know you don't have a cold. So what's the experience? It would better. We might have to pre-empt a new one. Did you hear what I said? Why 100 is Sunny in the morning show? Hey, this is the Neo Rogers on Zeta Four. I knew how you doing. Okay, we're on the air. What's Sunny doing? Is he eating a banana or what? Oh, Sunny's busy right now because he plans to show out an advance. Oh, does he really? Yes, that's a novel idea. Why don't you do that, Neil? You never know that from listening. That's a real busy. In other words, you're going to shine this, is that it? No, I'd like to talk, but I've got really important things to do. Like, like a radio show? Hey, you got an explainer advance, see a Neil. Okay, bye. Oh, plan to advance. You know what that is? It's like Joey says the same thing. He sits in bright. If you don't have any kind of a mind, and if you can't have any spontaneous humor or any kind of, you know, then you need to sit down and write all that stuff out. We don't do that. And I would never do it. I just couldn't do that because it's contrived. Like writing a script for a plane. Now, that's a different thing. Most of the funniest stuff is like why you're on your own. Spontaneous, of course, if you're quick on your feet or quick on your ass is the case maybe, that's what it's all about. Now, you know, Joey sidekick Bill Marshall. Yeah, you know who that is? He was, that's Penny Marshall's brother, I think. Right, and he was also Johnny Dark's boardop. Oh, when you would be saved. She's in my impression that the radio trivia. Another boardop. The boardops are doing so well in this city. He's basically Johnny Dark's boardops. They're making money. He's on the beat somewhere. He can't even find himself a job. That's all true. I know it is. 10 to 7 hours. It's an incredibly so. A 30s for comedian Joan Rivers say they know who Bert Kacker is. Now, Hacker was a pseudonym for the author of the article in gentlemen's quarterly that prompted Rivers to threaten a 50 million dollar lawsuit. Rivers denounced the article earlier this week during a tearful news conference in LA and demanded a retraction. The story painted a bleak picture of Rivers marriage to the late Edgar Rosenberg, a spokesman to climb to name names. But says the ID will be revealed when the suit is. You know, when you stop and think about this, wacko who answered the phone for a sunny and you think back to all of the mobile calls at sunny made to me while I went. I was on in midday on A.M. Oh, yeah. Now, how did we manage to take those and put them on the air spontaneously? Because I guess the show should have all been planned out ahead of time. Like every call should have been contrived or something. Oh, what's this set up? It wasn't. I don't remember. I don't think so. It doesn't ring any bells with me. So in other words, what this guy is saying is that sunny just doesn't have enough sense of humor isn't, you know, our spontaneity to do a bit on the year unprepared without writing it out longhand. Wow. Sort of like Joey. Yeah. Well, let's not carry it away. Let's look at the number. We like Joey. You're okay, Joey. Yeah. But I have a feeling that that first call we had this morning. I think that was from Joey's people. You do. Well, we'll find out what we call Roger. We'll call him again, little later. Okay. Joey's, he loves us. I know. He only wishes he had a piece of that nine. And I thought sunny loved you, too. Well, we thought so while sunny likes taping it. So then he can then he can sit down and listen to it slowly. He and grandma Boon can sit down and listen to it together. And if he listens slowly and off, he can comprehend what we're saying. Well, I'm sorry. Bartley cloudy becoming breezy later, a small crafted vice real good. We're going to get a light to pick your hand. Hi to the 76. Loadedite 49. And it's 54. Add Zeta 4, 652. And he found Hollywood Honda. Yeah. No, let's hope the customers can find us. Yeah. Neil Rogers, the rock and roll monster. 654 on Zeta 4. It's pretty easy to see who the people are on the air in this market, at least in the morning who are secure. Well, I don't think secure is necessarily the right word, but who are not insecure, who are not bitten by this deep paranoia. Am I right? Those are the people who talk to us. And the people like brushes off and have all these excuses. Oh, we plan all our stuff ahead. We don't have time to talk to you. It's all laid out like a road map. What the hell is that all about? Sounded like it was kind of like a shot or something. It's like a shot? I mean, the way he's. He's slow. I know, but it was a shot. That was the whole idea. He must have read that thing in South Florida Magazine because Joey said the same thing. But how he sits for hours in the afternoon and writes out all this material, you'd never know it. Well, listening to the show. Or maybe it's he listens to old tapes and gets all this material. Is that possible? Like from New York, maybe listen to old Howard Stern and Scott Shannon tapes or something? I'm his tapes. I think about producing bits and advance or like before the show or the day before the show is a 90% of the time, you know, the spontaneous stuff is much better. Much funnier. So I've certainly got an all written on him. He's got all laid out. And I guess probably Sonny only see he does that in the afternoon and by that time he's tanked anyways. The busy signal complex and if all the lines aren't lit, I cannot the show cannot go on. Where did he get that? He hurt him the last few days. He's been something those numbers. Yes, I have. Pumping them, Fredically. He said early the week it was going to be a numberless week. He was not going to give them the number all week within 20 minutes. I'm saying here when one lousy caught, I think we're going to talk about mixed marriage. And what's pain doing now? I'll do what he's doing. He did do that. Yeah. You hear him call my answer, machine yesterday? I got some shun. On W-I-N-Z. By the way, Jay's got a big party tonight and I know that's a bullet gun. When there's a hurricane blowing baby, it's still the month of May. We have any ticket left for the hurricane game this week and in South Carolina. I guess. Yeah, he's ready to give him away look at the law. What can make me feel that's way to stand by Jay? Talking about sandwiches. Who's that? Okay, you know the interesting part of it is people are calling stand up and telling him that people are singing that song. Like there's had some movie. Oh, three bit of the baby. Is it? And the people are breaking out and singing that because the song, my girl is in the house. Yeah, now the guy said that he was at the movie theater watching three minute of baby and apparently Ted Dance and sings my girl. Yeah. And when they came to that, the crowd starts saying you stand major. The only thing stand doesn't tell you is what were they're hearing it. They're not hearing it on his show. They're getting it on this show. Oh, because he thinks my guy by Mary Wells is what the original song was anyway. So they're getting it from the day. We played the my girl by Smokey Robinson in America. I was in an air of the temptations. I'm sorry. Same difference. And we played this at the same time. We did it that whole bit. And we are the ones who have put that jingle on the map. Or ignore number three. He just called to listen to the show on the phone. What the hell kind of a message is that? Are you listening on hold? Yes. What, what do you have a radio? I radio upstairs. I'm in a tent with care and hospital. Okay, hold on. Okay. I did you hear him telling everyone yesterday that if you wanted. If you send material to Neil. Yes. That you're going to have to send. Oh, do you? I doubt they have to hear about that. What nonsense. Because he can't get in here anymore. And there's some things he thinks would be good. I told you the other day. He's suffering from Neil's material with draw syndrome. Uh-huh. He cannot steal the material in here. He doesn't know what to do now. He doesn't know whether the scream or eat a banana. I understand why because he's got EJ doing stuff for him. He's got Don Jr doing stuff for him. He's got Mike Wolf doing intros for him. What does he need with our stuff? It's another. He's got like two years of ACN stuff and he's wrecked there. What is it that he needs besides an act besides a show? There's something in this building. If they can't, if they don't have access to this room. I've got so much honey. I've got so much honey. I've got so much honey. I've got so much honey. I've got so much honey. I've got so much honey. You check the bubble colors. While he's slicking on a sterky. Okay. Oh, you got a call. You got a little more. Little, that's about it. Little, that's about it. Little, the rep site. 7-0-4 on Zeta. We're not going to play a lot of music today. I'm just not in the mood for music. Even though we've been ordered according to Buddy Nevens, one of America's great journalists. We've been ordered to play lots more rock and roll music. This guy just makes it up as he goes along. That you admitted that on the air. I'm missing. I wonder how that explains the fact that yesterday we played three records in four hours. I missed the day. And one of them was like a going home record. I mean, it was a good one. It was filling off your freedom. Yeah. Going home record. Yeah. Yeah. Buddy Nevens was, was he jad or jethro? I always get confused when I see the show. Which one he played? Yeah. He's a kind of jethro doll. Zeta forecast. Partly cloudy becoming breezy later. Just keep making it up, buddy. That's awesome. Okay. They we admitted that we're leaving the air on the week from next Suke. Okay. You can put that in a paper. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's a 706. Look at it. 40. And we don't prepare the show ahead of time either. We fly by the scene of your pants. It's 54 degrees. Currently it's a to four 705. The following. Okay. It's a 706 on Zeta 4. The new Roger show on a Friday morning. And it's a low half Friday. That's right. I got a bottle show. I took a shot. Joey had a great hit. He had a great line a few days ago. I was driving home. And Gonser was playing some obnoxious records. And he had what did he call Jay Michaels. He called him a quailude sucking homosexual. Good Lord. And I'll be honest with you. I never knew about the quailudes. Hey, nail. This is down Junior. I know you don't like my old man, pal. But hey, you're still a pal of mine. Your new girl, Ohno, babe. And now. Here with a special Christmas message. The immortal Elvis. Oh, like you. Like a room. As here is the king. I don't know I haven't been around much for a while. But I want you all to know what up here in the Rocker room. I'll be able to think of you as Christmas. And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message. I'll be as a jeep piece. Like, uh, how about a little piece of that to hack on old Bob? Thank you. I got one. A lot of old slain. Christmas is a time of hope. Time of joy. It's time for love. And I'll share with love. Thanks for that feature you got there. I can't. What will you want? No, we're going like. Holy, I Christmas. The Christmas to me means family. If everything means friends, the friends means getting together. And getting together means. Eat. While passing it at home, take which will you all thank you. I'm going to remorse. Now, just won't say to you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody stupid. I can't reach out to help in the hand. I don't know. Helping. I can. Well, you can't. Hell, but it was my status over there. Which is really. Like, like, very much. Now like, I was playing with. Ain't nobody stupid. I can't. Stoop to help a friend of the needle with a holiday season. Speaking of season, we'll pass me that self-circuit. And get the chance. Like you. Yeah, just, just how screw the cover. That's right. Like, I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't you all take a tip from old nails? No, no, leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I mean? You'll appreciate it, thank you. I wish they remember. We're all part of God's great big family. And you know, God made man into his own living. And look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big big, big, silly thing. You know what I mean? I like it, dude. But especially once you all remember this one last thing. And you're all as home as Christmas. You're just throwing that popcorn up on the tree. Save a big, big bowl for the Kennedy. Extra blood, I don't know what I mean? I like it either. Okay. Like I learned that. Is he eating on the air? I bet you're sure you're home. I would have never spoke to him. I've seen her an LVs eating on the air on Zeta 4. Would that be disgusting or what? We've been flooded with people who enjoyed the E2 concert last night. We've had one call. You know, they spent the whole day on this station yesterday. Just going ape over that E2 concert in that Bono Vox. And I'm telling you, I mean, you know, some of their music is okay, but I wouldn't get excited about them. I wouldn't walk from here to the edge of the fog to see you too. Right. I wouldn't. Would you? No, I enjoyed their music, but I would not go to the other end. That's all I can kind of go to see. First of all, like I said before. Now the music's fine, but I wouldn't go to the orange bowl. Or the sport of time. I wouldn't go to any bowl. Anyone should be good. Who's at the sting constant? Sting ought to be excellent. And the January. And that's the night center. See, I will go to the night center. Yeah, that's nice. Okay, here's every breath you take on Zeta 4 by the police. Okay, let's go to date County. Hello. You be there? Okay, this caller either be illin or be ill? Yeah, see? I told you they were still there. Yes, sir. This video. Yeah. No, no. I was, what I do was I call you and I put the phone down and just listen on the video and now. And then you wait to find out if it's your turn. Yeah, yeah, and just as you pick up the phone, I'm hanging it up, right? Yeah, and I rush to the phone for you and hang up on me. I wouldn't do that to you, sound like a great American. You have your right hand. When you call up the other radio stations, that's probably one of the best parts in your show. It's pretty revealing though, isn't it? To see which stations respond and have a good time with us and which ones are just testy and won't play the game. I wonder why people don't do that. They just think a couple of minutes and at least, you know, you're a few at least. I like this guy in one hundred this morning telling, he's so busy in this and that. Yeah, that's sunny box. You, uh, how do you call those dudes, uh, why are you up here? Yeah, I called. Didn't you hear that? No, I didn't. I called him about the quarter to seven. I think I said, don't hang up. Give us a chance here and they started singing, don't hang up. Yeah, well, they're, it's not them. They're under a lot of pressure over there. They manage, but it's just totally psychotic. They are very good. And when the next numbers come out in about ten days, they're really, they're going to be an intensive therapy for weeks. Hey, listen, I'm about numbers. I'll hold your station doing this one. Yeah. Well, we're on the up or on the up swing. Let's put it that way. On the up swing? Yeah. That's good. Of course when you start, because you're the rock and roll monster. When you start at zero, though, you have to go up. You keep going down. It's true. Now listen, man. It was nice talking to you. Like what? Like what? You're pretty good. And I was going in the morning. I was going to the wake up. Well, that's good, because that's what time it's on. So that's a good start. Okay, buddy. Thanks a lot. Bye, boy. Boy boy. Hey, that's starting to catch on. Yeah, not Joey's going to accuse us of stealing that from him. You know, I was high a high end. Then we turned that into boy and boy. And now ours is boy boys. It's pretty close. It's like, you know, those lawsuits against George Harrison and all these other and Stevie Wonder. Yeah. But I'm not concerned about that. I would Stevie Wonder steal somebody else's material. Something to think about. Okay, we have it open. No, we don't. Boy, the lines are hot today. The lot was we punch your buttons on ZF4. You know what I'm saying? I'm really getting choked up a bit. Okay. Let's move right along. He does have a big party tonight. I can't believe it. He was from all of you yesterday. That's right. And he is the party animal. Oh, yeah. Well, he at least didn't sit. He nonstop party guy. Oh, yeah. It's got that little boom box. I guess the big boom box he takes like the major events like if he's in the orange bowl or the night center. And the little boom box is like to take to your house or, you know, the holiday in something like the Marriott. The Dipperware party. Yeah, they, they've, they've County. Hello. Hello, me. Good morning. I want to tell you thanks. I got my cassette. Great. Which was excellent. And I said a copy out to Hawaii to my brother. Beautiful. And he sent it back and said, It was a life with letting him listen to it. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Anyway, I got two now. And also got my buttons on the bird. Beautiful. Well, sounds like you're in good shape. Yeah, except let me tell you something about that choosler stand. You know, he said right in send in material. Make a program. I'll send you a poke t-shirt. He stole my material and didn't send me a t-shirt. Do you believe that? Yes, I do. I swear to God, he called up on it. I called up the program. I'm going over there. The switchboard and told me was stealing my material. Yeah. I got hung up on me. What, one of the worst free loaders in the history of broadcast. And then who is this guy? They're working the board over there. Not Kyle anymore. Well, you mean Roland? Oh, I don't know who he was. You know, there's, I have an interesting question about that. His name is Bob Roland. And when he used to run the board for all of us, we used to call him Bob, which is generally what you call people. You don't call him by their life. For example, we don't, we didn't call Kyle Isley. Hey, Isley, how you doing? Exactly. And now all of a sudden that he's become a superstar, he they call him by his last name. Hey, Roland, what's, what is that all about? That's what he was. Why? If you call him Bob, he gets all upset. Why? I don't know. Roland? Roland? This is Dr. Roland. Roland? Your CCR on Zeta 4. The bird, did you get my letter? Which one? One, I left a dollar in for bird's seat. Appreciate it. No, anyway. I wrote you a letter. May was a long time ago. Listen, you know that beaver song about the underwear? Yeah. I was somewhere problem with a friend of mine. She's too embarrassed to go on by herself underwear. And she's still wearing this stuff when I think she's about 14. Believe that. Yeah, I do believe it. You don't want any putty that might be able to help her, maybe like, stand or something. No, I think my roommate is big on girls underwear. So in fact, he was wearing some blue ones yesterday. They were amazing. Anyways, with nice. I don't really hang up. She didn't want to go in a bin. I've been trying to get her to do that. And I've tried to see and deras some ducks on her butt all the time. Well, you can buy them for. Oh, no. I'm too embarrassed to do that. Are you really? Yeah. I don't even buy my own underwear. No, I did. Anyway, maybe some of these listening out there they give me an idea how to get her into a store. I know. I got an idea for you. Why don't you buy them? Yeah, whatever. No, that didn't get on the air. No, I'm sorry. No, just don't do it again. I won't. That's not usually really. That was the right word though. Yeah, well, I mean, I bring out one of the thing too is that you're your friend Steven, and you had a cut of tape for that guy. He's such a jerk. Who's that? He, you know, he was calling you Mr. Dirty mouth yesterday. Oh, yeah. I get anyway, but you had to cut a little tape and tease him. He's so open for a bit. I'm happy. I don't know. It does. I mean, I love listening to you. I'm sure. I might get keys to Rippie. Hello. You're okay. I'm sorry. That's right. You went. Okay. One last thought. He was telling the guy how bad it is to give a little boy gun and expose them to that. Yeah. And I wonder what his daughter started when he's to walk around the house and they expose them to what he was. So that little pistol. Yeah. Thank you. It's worth it. All right. Goodbye. Okay. Goodbye. Ooh. And that interesting. What he said that like, all of a sudden, there are some people who are like that in the morning. Like you'd be talking, no, not necessarily. Really talking to everything he's trying to do. And all of a sudden, Goodbye. Oh yeah. Maybe sell some. You don't like your ass. This one. You don't like that. I can't handle. You like the back out. Yeah. I think they're just kind of like, slink out the door. Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, imagine doing something about the guys at intensive care for crying out, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like I heard talking about the guys in intensive care for crying out, like I heard talking about the guys in intensive care for crying out and out, like, like, like, like what you'm saying, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like. Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like,---, like, if I didn't do something, like, like, like, like ago, actually like, like like, like interacting like like that. How are you? Hello? Hello? Me? Yeah. Oh, goodness. Are you called from Bay, and I called the Broward Line? Oh, board, you sound excited. I am. You sound dumb. I'm waiting to talk to you. You sound like all nervous and gooseen now. I am. I've never talked to an radio before. Wow. So how is it? It's a great I guess. Yeah, it sounds good. You got it's a great. I know. Boston, this is the first time I've ever heard your show. Are you serial how long have you been here? Oh, eight months. Eight months. And what the heck have you been listening to? I don't know. I guess. I don't know. Oh, no. Oh, the door. Do you know Scott was here? This must be Scott Sister. I don't know. It's quality rock and roll. I'm Zayla for. Or are you auditioning for your own show? Oh, no. But I come on yours. How would that be? That would be fine one day. One day. Some day. One day. One day. And here are the chiffons on Zayla for. Are you following any of this? Yeah, do you remember the chiffons? Oh, gosh. That must be for my time. Yeah, he's so fine. That was a record that George Harrison stole for my sweet Lord. Did you find? I don't know. But I'd like to find out. Who are we talking about? Is your fun? Yeah. I can't follow this. No, I don't need them. Like, let me show you the story. I'm not really in the morning for me. Or shoe fly pie. Obviously. It's too bad we didn't write all of this up. Can you imagine how good this call would be when you write it out? See, that's another thing I don't understand. Sonny is when you're doing a talk show like we do. How do you write it all out? I mean, the calls are spontaneous. You idiot. Not you, man. Just sunny. Sunny Fox with the V. I know my goodness. When you get up the early in the morning, how do you guys get up the early in the morning and have such it so to humor? Very easy. The alarm goes off and you get up and you bang it a couple of times. You jump out of bed, hop in the car and here you are like magic. One or two points up. For all eyes open up. That's my question. Yes, they do. You'd be amazed. I guess I would be. Yeah. Teach me how to do that someday. Oh, I don't think so. I think you're barking. I think you'd better listen to the show a little longer. Okay, listen. Have a wonderful have a wonderful weekend and call us again. Okay. I sure will. Okay. Thank you much, please. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. She was nice. Oh, yeah. I've no idea what she was talking about, but I enjoyed the call. That's kind of call we like. That's absolutely correct. 720 now on Zeta 4. Now we were talking about this written out now. Is it prepared? Wow. Kind of. Yeah, we were talking about three minutes of baby. The song with my girl and it that people and some theaters Yeah, you. That's what. While the original my girl is in this movie three minutes of baby, which is the Ted Dance movie that some people and some theaters are breaking into the Stan Major song and it is number one in the country this film. What is the Stan Major song? Yeah. Well, that's number one. Here. Stan's not getting any calls and he's depressed about that. But he finds out his song is number one. That'll make him feel a lot better. Well, three minute of baby is the number one film in the country. And it's first five days of release. It sold nearly $14 million in tickets. That's almost double. The number two film, which is Cinderella. The rerelease of the Walt Disney animated classic. You know what we went to see last night? Plains, trains and automobiles? How did you know that? That's number three. Well, that's what we went. That's the see Martin and John and Andy. It's funny. Yeah, fatal attraction is edging its way out of this number four and last week's number one film. The running man with Arnold is number five. Happy relatives gave thanks in Cuban prisoners played Sauce music early today. I mean, what sauce music. Salt. Salt. Not. Sauce. Sauce. Sauce is what Tony Pragomakes in the promotion office. Well, anyway, 89 hi, she just walked a free to let the Atlanta federal Pinnitus history. A group of relatives shot at thank God. Thank God as the first hi, she just emerged from 11 days of captivity. Was that another ethnic slur when you said, salsa? No. It's in at Sagura, salsa. That's what they say in a ragu plan in Rochester. Partly cloudy becoming breezy later today with I didn't know they made ragu spaghetti sauce in Rochester. I never had thought about that. I know it's weird. I never thought about that. Hi, today 76 little night 49 freezes though 54 at Zeta Ford. Why buy it from a use in accordance with the new FCC guidelines. This station will broadcast material characterized as indiesense only between the hours of midnight and 6 a.m. The time of the tone 12 midnight He's the first kid on the block first kid and he gets up right in early. Right in early. Well, you know he's a little nutty on the nutty and you know he's a little squirrel guy. It's clearly well he peaks at you through the home in the record just to say hello Hi, I can see what you're all doing out there In the morning on Zeta for radio. It's the new Roger show good morning Neil 26.5 on Zeta for the Sunday Shining it looks just like a repeat of yesterday the fog has burned off. Yes, am I right? A cloud is a little bit of it like hovering out there with the Rickhead words in the tower But other than that, it's burned off and it looks like yesterday all over again a little crisp Gonna be a great day good day to wash a car is it a great day to wash a car? That would be a good day to move furniture No, that was yesterday. Oh, you did yesterday was a good day to wash a car too. I did not wash the cars by the way But you did someone else washed the car. They had time deserted enormous Physical energy and they did a very good job by the way. Well, that's a step into right direction. I guess That was after I had moved 400 pounds of furniture, but you know a little things how's your back? Well, I'm back is out 26 after seven my back is hurting after what they've been saying about me at Y100 Shame on them Okay, let's dig into my pocket. I like this like reaching into your pants pocket and you've got all these little Slips of paper Yeah, so just like Mr. Green jeans And you got all these weird numbers on them not dappy we didn't get to call her yesterday Are you gonna call the a fee? Oh this one No What now would I talk to her about Um It's very difficult to be a suit at 730 a month Okay, here we go boys and girls you touch your tangerine Reagan Gorbache off solid yeah Hi, this is state param a new program director of Y100 I'm sorry the Y100 listen why okay with your input We're going to make Y100 even better Let's take much you have 30 seconds. Yeah, I 100 listen to you Well, come on Steve where's the beef? Hey Steve how you doing this is Neil Rogers again at Zeta for him I'm sorry to call you two days in a row, but you know about that sunny fox What's with sunny? I mean it's one thing to be prepared have everything written out you know But like you know what's wrong with sunny doesn't he have a sense of humor he loves my show He loves me he tapes this show he steals my material Straighten sunny out will you please tell me to speak to us tell him we could have a wonderful relationship. You know what I mean He My Steve There's a hell of a sitgek's suggestion for the Yeah, straighten sunny out I rock pick why would I hurt even better? I can't believe he didn't talk to us. I mean he got came on and sounded so friendly He loves you people are so uptight. They have no sense of humor. They have no sense of adventure some of them Now sunny you added to sunny at the dentist's dog sunny love He's not so busy Groupies why no main groupies we used to have to bad him from the age of my home so many times that I felt like I had been doing Arobics when I left the dentist's office That's a true story. Oh, let's see. There's the door to the dentist's dog is the one Getting a new mouth This is 396 now what happened to the number for she Did I lose that are you get a call? You think I think it'd be pushing it to call him again today Don't you and he might be upset that somebody we know used that on the year I don't know he might be upset about that I wouldn't blame him because it wasn't in other words He wasn't doing material for the stand major show really he was just well. I know that comes to the shop to stand That's what I thought it was It's something terrible there but anyway He was doing it just in response to our call and he was a good caller. Oh, he was great. He was Excellent Me neither a couple of shots not at us. Let me take a shot at stay at at stand Now I know why I like they call so much It finally rings a bell It's damn major disease look out for ladies and gentlemen. It's creeping through the building and say to 730 on Zeta 4 don't forget j-micles on am on w i and z today is gonna be Having his own Tupperware party on the air It's a radio first ladies and gentlemen by Tupperware over the air on w i and z today and it's gonna be great when they have those things Brup on a year and then Are they gonna can you buy any those little specimen the thing I'm actually the Sherry Hall would have a nervous breakdown If we were like burping Tupperware on the air back there. Can you imagine how that would sound in stereo? I bet you it's something pretty good Yeah, we can have like two of them and you could burp one over there and I'll burp one over here Or if we get some of that TJ Simmons in here this morning we just burp our stuff That's so boy that's great stuff Yeah, we haven't had any food coming here in a long time and it's only 730 now Which means we still have a good solid hour to get those cheese burgers in here What why are you making cuttlefish on? You don't believe that one day we're gonna get cheese burgers in here I'm telling you if I could do it an alby and Michigan Like 22 years ago then why the hell can't we do it here? It's possible some home made ones I think is the only way you're gonna get them oh yeah like I'm gonna really eat homemade meat in this in this market, right? Keep all your home made meat at home all right. We can call J. B. at Barsy. Yeah, there we go We can have cheese burgers Parmesan That sounds really good to me. They'd be glad to bring up what calls perhaps state county hello Hello, I think they're gone. I can always tell oh yeah. I know I trusted that ear implicitly. Yes, sir. What's up? What's up? Hey, how you doing? Listen off. I might ask you something when you play at San Major song. Yes. It sounds so much better I mean so much better when you sing along with it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We can't sing sir. It's I know I think I think you guys can Well, I'm always on key, but somebody in the room we won't mention any name Somebody is always way off key key Stevie Wonder had an album about his performance. It's called songs in the key of flight of flight As in big bird Do I do I feel like we have an echo on the show today or something? That's the idea Question who makes these arms these big volume beaver skits who makes them up? Tony down in the Clint Eastwood Pretty good. Yeah, they're there. They're a number nowadays. You know that Tony in the Clint That they're a number yeah like a hot TV number like a number like picking up her from one to a hundred Like maybe 69. Yeah, okay. Oh, that's the number Okay, so um I just want to call that if you could sing along with them because that okay next time, okay? Okay, so uh, we'll see later. Okay. All right. Bye-bye. Call my answering machine. This fits right in with that call Would you well, let's now go to debate whether I should call you or whether I should call My answering machine will fit right into that life You know, it's like did dump the thing you said it's Stan. Yes I appreciate Wow, it's like the whole world is losing their minds And he thinks he's responsible for that that's what he's upset about because he knows damn well I'm the one it's got everybody going around seeing Stan major it just keeps running through my hand. Oh, I can't I was obsessed at one time with the Joey Reynolds team. Remember this is replaced it. Oh, you think In fact just to refresh your memory. Oh, okay great. Although Gary Lawrence, I think he's out of town as needs in in New York because I love this I love to play this what he's into But that isn't very often When I first got this when they first sent me the scratchy old record from WXY Z You recall that I was obsessed and I kept playing it over and over again, but it ran. It's chorus It was great, but the thing about that Jay Michael's jingle man. It just it grows on you Just you cannot get enough of it. That's right and it every it just it just stays great. Yeah Never burned out It's marvelous. Yeah 735 on Z to 4 we're gonna do a commercial break now. Let me fresh my memory. Have we played any music today? No I know we've been ordered the rumor is from what's his name over there at Goodwill? Oh We've been ordered we've been ordered to play a lot more rock and roll buddy nevens. Oh, is he working goodwill Or is he eat it goodwill one of the other? It's very heavy. If you saw him in here that morning I think he dresses from Goodwill Says very heavy traffic on south. But okay, I certainly will it's 23 to late on Z to 4 As we continue to set new trends in radio broadcast and from coast to coast. That's correct and the one of the new parts of our formad is sneezing You are just uh wheezing and choking and puking and it seems to be going around. I feel fine Do you look like hell on a handbag? Well, why should today be it looks like we're off the red nose bird is it red? It's red is a beat In fact it matches your microphone cozy. It does it really does But I'm all right, it's Howard Carter hello Okay, why is it like the beginning of every call to levels are so low? Have you noticed that? Go ahead, sir. It's not your fault. I got to my levels up. I'm a Mickey Mouse phone system Yeah I need to I need three that to turn your levels up just a little bit my mother could go last night. Okay, how's this a little better? I heard that fool last night yesterday when he came on I couldn't believe that which fool was that The guy you been after problems with all that idiot. Yeah, yeah, I was talking with Stan yesterday And he said, I don't worry about that idiot. Don't worry about that idiot. I'm rude. Yes, sir I stay in yesterday that since you're both sharing the office if you're changing the paper a little more regular I just want to come I could write guys first Bet you I'm your on your motorcycle Okay, I still way go Audio so okay. I was to try to ask him something there, but he was just zooming right on ahead That's how those motorcycle people are. Yeah, okay now God's is gonna be doing you show from a bike or bar today at 10 o'clock That ought to be really exciting I'm looking forward to it. Yeah, yeah, it's better fact. I'm supposed to promote the Mr. Mung our program director had a note that I somehow misplaced Imagine how I did that I supposed to mention that it's Friday so Gonsior will be at the college trip tonight. That's right right every Friday Big deal. Okay. Now. That's just a joke. Okay. Just a little inside Joe Tonight You'll probably yeah, is that tonight? Yeah, okay. Let's take a call from Dave County and I know that they're there. Hello See I told you oh yeah, how you be? Yeah, yeah Sweet baby blue you know what time it is out there now? It's like 20 to a Five in a morning not only that we can't put two people on together here just don't All right, I just don't You know the call I know you'll have to call her Direct do you want her number? Yeah, man What are you okay? It is just chill out where you're pleased it's a area code 213 You got that? 976 Is this right you're four two five seven? All right man. Okay any better call right away because I gave it on the air I didn't to dump it out so you better get in there. They're gonna be mobbed All right, man. You're all right. Okay, bye boy Okay, that's the number for sweet blue that's that I don't want to say phone sex. That's what it is sure. That don't say that's why That's grow test, but that's what it is. What would you call it? What would you call it? But I liked her she was funny. Yeah, he was excellent. Mm-hmm. Hi, this sweet baby blue and fact she was good, but our callers were all morons, right? I was hot horny young guys who were calling in If we never get her on the phone with him and he wouldn't know whether to scream or eat a banana They did not know what to do Just strike your numbers disconnected. Yeah Just not like it used to be. No the old days were those with a good old Last supper one of those hot numbers on the phone man. Now it's really desperate. Well, not You don't step on the village people Like a new nasty things do you keep you know crushed them I You know when you go out like in the large crowds like in a shopping mall at this time of the year when there are enormous numbers of people And you start looking around you realize that with most of them this would be the best way Seriously Over the phone we can't see him like over the radio kind of like listening to bano vah You don't have to see his face Be back Okay, those are gonna be the special guest on the lead gelatio this act in run Zayda the village people Can't you see Ligelette interviewing the village people not the really no just doesn't fit So to speak it's 18 before eight on Zayda for the new Rogers show and what the hell is that Steve Can't talk it about anyway you know that every time another one of these stupid articles comes out or there's another Development in that stupid ongoing soap opera right away He's there to try to exploit it because he's another guy's got absolutely no show And he's talking about you know calling me mr. Potty mouth or whatever at least alleged because I don't listen to him at all Anymore and I don't listen to Alice any more so I don't know what stands bitchin about because he may not be getting a lot of calls But there's these got no competition there's nothing else to listen to the only thing I was zero is stand Yeah, I think the list to in the afternoon my radio is either on I'll put it this way if I'm in a car it's either on stand on FM listening to music hopefully this station except when we're playing CCR or in the off position Right that those are the only three options. I never think of any of the Now in the afternoon no because they're still doing that same tired old craft that is it's it's beyond passe Kane had Jack Sturdion the other day so I mean you know what is that tell you that's excited Did he have built comfort out at the same time? Bill Caspard was on Jeff Charles show. Oh god And then it too George Kapel was he on with Alice? No, no, I know I know how about Don Stoner My better not mention his name he'll call in you know starter he's doesn't take much Provocation and right away is on the phone that's right Talking about those pictures Speaking of pictures by the way. Yes, I guess I'm gonna be seeing an old friend of yours sometime this weekend And I wonder if I should ask her about those what about them about those intimate we did photograph those you didn't do them you didn't take yet that we're not gonna do them. Why not and then you never say never Always keep your options open Okay, I just didn't think it was a good idea It was just a do we want to tell the audience what it was? Is it between midnight and six? No, okay, where we can okay. They're intimate Let's leave it at that. Intimence. Oh, no tell Stan that man Antimence now I think maybe that's what's affecting his show I don't think he's eating as much Antimence as he used to well, that's probably what the big problem is Also if my good friends in windyxie up in plantation of a jack around our square are listening You know, I know you guys have got a good sense of humor, but these 95-year-old bag boys have got to go Yeah, okay That's not an ultimatale, but they got to go. I'm gonna go up to publics. Okay, date County. Hello Are you there? There there there's somebody that doubt about it. There were yes, sir Okay, cool girl Hey, here's another one. You are second you two aficiato and how was it? Oh, I was under shy a little great. Yeah You know, it was some really great surprises in that concert too such as Modern day, I came out in a gray skirt and played the electric song those See now I don't know whether to believe him. That's passing Yeah, I was running around with a top off screaming do you know me? That's possible too. Yeah, and a lot of people in New audience said we'd recognize those anywhere They were talking about her earrings of course. You know after the concert In Asia work with the code of 10 states Uh Great show Yeah, well, I'm glad you enjoyed it and have a wonderful day You didn't say anything about Brian Norco. I do believe the part about white lottery. Oh, yeah, I believe Okay, it's a little hot Friday on the jim Michael show on a m I guess we we don't even bother with that record anymore, right? Well, I'm just that you were getting kind of tired of it. I was before it started not as the rest of the station do that still Or do we jump? And we can it ever since I joined this morning show. I'm kind of sequester. I was the group Like quarantine. Yeah, like one of my favorite parts of Florida's Jupiter sequester Broward County hello I wrote that out by the way. What's that? How you doing? I haven't seen you in years. Yeah, mugsie how are you? Take an job with a new establishment now. Uh, Jeff Strik is new manager. Oh, yeah? Yeah, I would you like me to set you up for a Recession Yeah, I guess you could put it that way sounds good to me mugsie Okay, well, I think a lot of people will be able to use my number with the operator Okay hold on a minute There's Peter Bulger just drove it looking at singing there in the sunshine like yellow garnette and here she is on Zeta 4 We'll sing in the sunshine Wouldn't he just pass out he would just fall right on the ground out there Impal himself on his antenna well, maybe he'll give us the load on on the concert last night at Howard went since the audience seems to be oblivious He seems a little Mike shy that don't you think on this station when I was on AM he was always in