You talk about a weekend that could put anybody into a coma. I don't know where to start. I really don't know where to start. I want to thank our morning crew over there, a freaking frank over runs eight or four, for giving the chance to nine o'clock this morning to promote our so far campaign. And of course most of their audiences on drugs, so they don't know, they haven't got any idea what it is that I said over there, but that's okay at least the intention was good. It's not the result of counts. It's the intention. That's what's important. As we found out Saturday over at that whole Fiasco, that was the most embarrassing day in the history of this business. I mean, well, no, I shouldn't say that, because flowers on five days a week. But it was close. It was right in there fighting. I do want to thank a lot of nice people who came out to see me Smith Park. And I apologize that you had a pay unless you live in Pembroke Pines to get into the park. Because, uh, oh, man, I'm telling you that guy over there at Pempernix. I hope you're listening this morning, can or whatever your name is. I hope you really got the radio turned up loud and got your tape recorder cranked up and all your lawyers and everybody else. I have never been involved in anything so embarrassing in my whole life. It was an obscenity. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. Okay, that's from one of the other shows in town this morning. I'm a little bit late, but we'll save that for later on in the show. How did that pop up again, just by itself that came on? Have you noticed that? Isn't it great watching all of those fakers now, and are all pointing the finger at each other? And there was that anchor bird with that big smile on his face, and you noticed he had his hand in his pocket. The whole time he was doing that show. In fact, he had one hand in his pocket, and the other one in Larry King's pocket, couldn't believe it. It was disgusting. And all these religious fakers man are all running around pointing the finger at each other. What does this in Billy? Whatever his name is Billy Graham lost 2 million last month, and a fall while lost a million and a half. And that's all they're talking about is how much money they're losing. They've just totally lost it. You notice? They've just gone nuts. But that's not the agenda here today, folks. We have a lot of things to cover. I want to thank Ron Sachs, a channel 10, at least Ron is still a channel 10 for a couple more weeks, but had a nice conversation with him on the phone over the weekend, and he did a positive thing. You believe that? Because Ron and I, in the past, had a couple of real run-ins. But I find out that he's a big fan of this show, and he listens, you should pardon the expression religiously to this program. And he gave us some nice plugs for the so far campaign, and he knows, and all the other people in the media know that I'm absolutely right. There's no question about it. The commission is no business in censoring what it is we say on the ear. There was a great column by Tom Sandor, the editorial writer. I believe this is out of the sun-sentinel. I think so. A great column. Now, one of the paragraphs, the vilest obscenities, are not the seven dirty words, but laws or curtain rulings that try to censor any words. Amen. And of course, we'll get to the costboard column, because Bill again really hit it on the head. Anybody want to take odds, and whether the costboard will be working at the mommy-herald at the end of the day? I mean, costboard is a guy who has got some serious, some big balls. I mean, here's a guy with guts, okay? You never know what to look at him, because he's got very small fingers, but here's a guy who really, trust me, has got some serious activity in between the ears, some real brains. Where do I start on Saturday to I just tell the story? I know, it's hopeless, it just nowhere to start. I mean, between this company, I mean, this company may not tell you really, guy-gannett broadcasting, and I know they pay my check and they pay me well, well, I think they do every couple of weeks, but when the book comes out today, I'm going to go on strike. But hey, listen, the book could be a disaster, you never know. Don't let those arbitrends fool you. Could be like Pumpernix, who could turn out that another talk host mother works there. I think I'm just going to sit here and leave dead ear for like an hour. Oh, I started to say we want to thank there were a lot of really nice people who came out to see me Smith Park, and he was supposed to be able to get in for free, even if you didn't live at Pemperpines or at least that's what this guy from Pumpernix told me as he was driving me into the park and other people were being charged a buck. He says, I want to participate in this unless your listeners could get in for free to see the show. And everybody's paying, you know, so, I mean, this guy, of course, this was he was driving me into the park because my car at that point was sitting in the parking lot on TAPT street and prestigious Pemperpines with four flat tires. See, one thing I like about this company, they're really care about the safety of their employees. They're really concerned about that, and obviously the guy at Pumpernix was too. He hired the world's only invisible security guard. It was fantastic. Nobody could see him. And not only did we have the guy in the Brown leisure suit, and yeah, I know you're listening out there, you miserable, rotten old fart. We know who you are. Not only did we have that guy who slashed the tires, but we also had another old maniac right outside the front entrance there Saturday morning in this man if he didn't have a stroke then he's never going to have one. When I got there, he was screaming when I was inside, he was screaming and when I came out he was still screaming. He was, ah, I'm begging you, man. Ah, you're so happy, man. And this was going on for like half an hour. Now, I somebody in a crowd didn't have the good comments since the punch this guy's brains out. I have no idea, but I mean this guy was impossible. Another one, just like if the diplomat mall, who were the male contents for the young people? We keep hearing about the young, rowdy, punks and all of that. Now, in fact, we had a lot of young people come out to the parking, but a little kid who was telling me about John Sigma in Pittsburgh, except for that wise guy, they were great. But it's some of these miserable old disgusting and they're frightening, man. I'm telling you, like this guy up in Pompeii, he was no spring chick and he was 60. See, and they don't care. They really don't give it to him, because they figure, well, we've lived our lives, so we don't give it to him about anybody else. You know, let's blow them all away. Let's get it out of our systems. So it's a major miracle that I'm sitting here speaking to you, alive. We'd have to have Shirley McClain and Shirley Peters here today under different circumstances, because it could have just as easily been me as the four tires that got blown out on Saturday. And I notice we have a lot of beef-thub security. If you want to come in and puncture the tires again, that's okay, because our gates wide open here today at the station. So if you want to come in, please, let's find what me, because the station's writing me a check today for $400 and $89 since, and if they want to give me new tires every day, that's okay. I'll be the only guy in America, even a millionaires don't do that. But you're using for one day and the next day will replace them. Although I like the ones with the raised white letters a lot better than these, okay, so the next time, let's do it right. I mean, he's okay. When I tell you the story of what went on on Saturday, you're just going to do cartwheels, you're going to pin your pants, you're going to have a nervous breakdown, okay? Not of course to mention the four hours of embarrassment that went on the year under the name of Talkmania. You know what we had on WI and Z for four hours? Well, I can't say that. For four hours on Saturday? I mean, I can't believe what I've purchased for a while. Okay. I mean, I can't believe what I've participated in. I was just like a, like I was taken, hows did you do something? Did I make all the lights on the crown monitor? Oh, it's a little inside technical thing that the audience wouldn't understand, but I guess, so we finally, even the brain dead parts of our equipment upstairs finally just woke up. Maybe the end by the way, if there are any more people in the building, what are bringing anymore Howard Stern tapes? I'm sick of that already, okay? You notice you can't do anything in moderation here. Have you noticed that? I mean, a couple of more okay and Glenn Hill, by the way, started all of that, so we probably ought to beat him up for us for doing it. But enough is enough already. I mean, he guys funny and we give him his, his, his, do and everybody's writing about him, but I don't want to hear any more, but it's how many times can he hear less being dilidate? And now everybody in his brother here is bringing Howard Stern tapes. I'm not interested anymore, okay? In fact, I think that the little sound effect I just made was more exciting than the tape we played for two hours the other day. I think we ought to have a poll today to see who was the most destructive on Saturday was a Kathy West or was a tapping the column. Poor Mike Spindell, and I want to think I'll say about Mike, he is almost always at his best when we have those kinds of shows. Not on his own show. No. They hate him on Sunday, man. They just pick him to pieces. But when we have one of those get together, that seems to be where he shines, at least in the past. As in Roy shine. Was it Roy shine? Roy Cohen's boyfriend was that his name? I don't think so. But anyway, even Mike was just overwhelmed by the mediocrity of what was going on there on Saturday. Nobody could hear anything. I couldn't hear even the people sitting next to me. And a crowd was getting restless because they were all they're frying their brains on. And of course, Kathy was enjoying that because she likes to see anybody fry. And that's all she kept saying, man. Capitol punishment, how can you be against it, how can you babba babba babba babba babba? It's all she's said. And even when I was doing my routine about Smith College, she just kept rambling on about Capitol punishment. That's all that will mean those. Think she really wants to star in one of those in that movie, the Terminator because if there's anybody terminal, she's the one. Boy, she incredible, huh? In fact, I want to tell you that Saturday may have had something positive come out of that chill because they have canceled her subject and are guessed for today. They're going to be giving Tampy McCallamy, electro-shocked therapy for two hours on a radio from 2 to 4 this afternoon on that. I'll listen to. I'll make it a point. I'll say it in a parking lot. And listen to that while they're jacking up the car to put the new tires on. Hey, listen, 400 bucks a day. Let's see. Six days a week. That's 24 hundred week. That's only a little over a hundred grand a year. It's not bad. It's 1019 at WINZ. And I got so much to do here today. I mean, there's so many things that I have little notes written down. By the way, if you haven't been to Pumpernix in Pembroke Pines, there is no Pumpernix in Pembroke Pines. There's a royal market cafeteria that put a sign up that says Pumpernix. That's it. If there's anybody out there, you know, if I had a business with a famous name, okay, with a positive reputation, I wouldn't just be handing it out casually and saying, hey, you know, pay me a few bucks. I'll let you use my name. It would be like royal castle putting up a sign that said, Burns, stay cow. You know, 20 minutes past 10 at WINZ. We're going to take a little commercial break. And when we come back, we have some more great sound effects. 1023 at WINZ. Also, when I get them with a whole story about Saturday, then I've got an even better story to tell you about my apartment that I'm moving out of again. You see, you get to the point in your life where you get tired of being abused and here in Florida, in this part of South Florida, and I'd really discovered it finally after all these years yesterday. You drive around looking for a place to live, and you realize it doesn't make any difference where you live. This is the only part of the country where we have all the bedroom communities, but there is nothing else. In other words, in Detroit, you've got Southfield and Royal Oak and, uh, anything else. There's a city. Whether you like it or not, whether it's good or bad, there's a city. Here, all we have are bedroom communities. There's nothing else. They're not bedroom to anything. They're just bedroom communities. I mean, you could be living in Pembroke Pines or in Plantation or in Sunrise or in the Pioria. It doesn't make any difference. And I hope my landlord, by the way, is listening this morning, are you listening Matthew? I hope so. Couldn't find y'all weekend while we were frying our brains out, tapy with all of that. See, I live in an apartment. Everybody becomes a developer down here. Everybody's a developer. And a slap up a few concrete, uh, can I say, erections? I can't say that. And that's it. And they get away with the cheapest and the worst, a lot of these guys. And they put in an air conditioning unit that isn't big enough to handle the space. They put in a water heater, a hot water heater that isn't big enough to handle the needs. And, uh, see, I've got to try, fact, where I'm living now. The plumbing doesn't work. In fact, when somebody in another part of the building, can I say this delicately or does it have to do with ex-critory matters? When they flush, sometimes certain things come up in your bowl, okay? And you wonder, who did that? You know, what was that all about? Is that great? Under Garmin's come up, I mean, like, it's very as time's. It's exciting. Then, of course, the water pressure, you know, you're taking a shower. I don't know about you, but when I get up in the morning, I got to have a good, strong shower to wake up. And to inspire me to come in here. In fact, probably a good, strong drink would be even better. But anyway, it's like if somebody in another part of the building, not even in the same apartment, if they turn on the water, you know, like if they're getting a glass of water, all of a sudden it's like you're dancing under the rain drops to try to stay wet. Although, I guess, our minor things, right? But of course, now that it's getting hot, and we had about three really hot days in a row, when it got over 85. My air conditioner and it grinds, you can hear a churning, you can hear the rodents in there, really running around, trying to get going fast enough. It doesn't work. It's only cold at night. After it gets under 70 outside, then it gets freezing. But during the daytime, when it gets over 80 degrees, it doesn't work. It's maybe down to 78 inside, and that's it. And of course, it runs all day now, which means you're paying electric to run it all day, and it's not cooling off. And there's nobody in the office. There's nobody home. There's nobody around this place. This is another joke. It's just another cruel joke that they play on people, and people are moving out of this complex left and right. And this guy who rented it to me has the gold joke to me that, well, the place I moved into is brand new. Somebody lived in there for a couple of months, but they ran out on him. He says, oh, they ran out on him. They probably ran out screaming in the middle of the night. Probably somebody, well, I don't want to get in delicate this early in the morning, but I can just imagine some of the things that probably came up in the old magic bowl, you know what I'm saying? I heard that the circus was in town up the street. Larry can't once work with a circus, didn't they? How do you like to have him sitting on your throne, huh? Oh, boy. Holy Toledo. Holy Moly. I remember these to talk to people from the countries to talk about the old twin holers out in the woods. Larry would need a triple decker. Man, they just have to cut a big hole in the ground for him, I guess. Anyway, we'll get into that a little bit later. Hope you're listening, Matthew. I hope you came back from your bar mitzvah, wherever it was that you were. Because in a couple of days, this kid's going to be long gone, and I want my deposit back. I want all my money back, baby. I want everything back. You know, you just get to the point you get tired of being screwed over. I think that's where I finally reached. You know, and as I've told you before, I have no sales resistance. I'm a bad consumer. I buy something that doesn't work. I throw it out. I don't take it back or if I buy something at the market, it turns out to be rotten. I throw it away. I just have no consumer defense. But even the weak need, like yours, truly, you're reach a certain point at life, and you just say, I've been abused and screwed enough. Let me say it again. I've been screwed enough. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. Okay, now getting back to a Saturday, Saturday morning. Really, I don't think in three and a half hours, I can do justice to this. I'm serious. Saturday morning, and the amazing part of it is we had a meeting, the talk posts. Do I dare use that term here at WI and Z? We had a meeting a couple of weeks ago after months of my suggestion. It would be nice if we sat down and figured, you know, what the hell we're doing. We had a meeting, and we just talked about this thing at CBCMIT Park on Saturday, and what we were going to do there. Can I say what we haven't done this talk, maybe a thing for a year and a half? Why don't we get everybody to come on out? We'll have a little fun. I didn't realize how little fun it was going to be, but I said let's have a little bit of fun. Do you realize that the radio station wouldn't run one promo for this? The only promo is that ran on this station about CBCMIT Park where those Pupernix promos. Well, I don't pray now, but it looks so big. There they go. Yes, there's the very early in the minute. We've not been in this meeting. We've not eventually dropped it. It's not that I don't care about the hungry and the homeless. It's very important subject to me, but we got no cooperation. And in like three months later, after I was no longer involved, there were management people coming in and say, hey, the sleepout was great. What are you talking about? That's my guy got on the do with that. It's kind of like you're off just floating off in the key somewhere. You know, like with Ron Harrison, it's like you're just off on a limb. And it was the same thing with this talk, mania. I thought we could have a lot of fun. I thought we could get a lot of people out to sign petitions, which we did. We got 356 inches, which is sensational, but that's not bad. Although a couple of people there made a good point, a couple of the people who came out said, we're really disappointed at the turnout. I mean, after all, this is the first amendment. This is the bison 10 year of the constitution. So certainly, people ought to really be concerned about this issue, but you got to understand. First of all, nobody even knows where CB Smith Park is. Number one, number two, we were in Pavilion 5, which was between here and the Oki-Fanokis Wamps. And number three, people if they didn't live in Pembroke Pines had a pay to get in. And despite of what this clown from Pempernix was telling everybody, breakfast at Pempernix would kneel, free Danish and free coffee. And I get there and there's nobody there. It's like when the godfather was in the hospital and they took all the guards away, that's how I felt. There's nobody there. I mean, there are people there, but there's nobody there from the station. There's no security there. Park way out in the boondocks because there's no other parking. And I walked very quickly to go inside because you got to remember this place is not too far from century village number one. That speaks for itself and right up the block from colony point. And I go inside and hear these rather bizarre people who run this place and I looked around, I said, hey, this is still the Royal Market cafeteria. So the different name. I mean, it looks like Pempernix like I look like Paul Newman. You know, I mean, that's how the similarity just says that on the name. See, that's a new thing now. We have a whole new thing. People are bringing back like the famous. You know, we put up a sign. I'm going to end the lindies. There's another good one, right? I'm not going to beat around a bush anymore. I'm going to tell it like it is because I've been embarrassed by some of these people more than enough. I've been abused enough. In fact, we could also do a couple of hours today. You know, you talk about trying to find an edible place. I don't mean edible in that you're going to chew on the building. All those some of them you could chew on the wood. It would do better. This town is pathetic. You can't find a place to eat. I wind up eating lunch yesterday at Venigins on Sheridan Street. The only reason I didn't go to the Delhi Den is because, you know, it was going to be packed. It was right at lunchtime. In addition to which I feel squeamish about eating in my sponsors because they make a big fuss and they won't let me pay. And as Jim Baker says, I pay for everything. And of course, it bedgins. It's like a step away from TGI Fridays. I mean, everything is made out of a cheese and plastic and polyester. Even the plates are made out of polyester. It's incredible. Everything is prefabricated. And the potatoes taste just like the lingweeny. It really is. It's almost impossible to find a place to eat in this town. Really is. I mean, yeah, there are some good restaurants, but first of all, most of them are open for lunch. And on Sunday, wouldn't you think Sunday would be a day that a lot of people would eat out a lot of families? It isn't most other towns. It's a big day. Not here. Must have a lot of masonry tournaments on Sunday or something here. I don't know what the hell goes on on Sunday, man. It's like death. Death. So anyway, I'm inside. And this guy says, well, before you go out and talk to all your people out there, there, there were a considerable number of people. I hop is packed on Sunday. Oh, you got to be pulling my leg. I hop is like, that's a step below desperate. That's how bad I hop is. All of them. I hop is one of those chains that years ago. It's like the New England Oyster house. Years ago used to be really pretty good. And after X number of years ago is by, I don't know what it is that happens, but all of a sudden they get new man has been or new something. And man, I'm going to tell you, it's just unbelievably bad. horrendous. And all these people are milling them outside and this one old guy is screaming and yelling. And this madness and other guy inside says to me, well, before you go out there and talk to your people, I'd like to have you say hello to the people who paid the eat breakfast this morning. In other words, the people are inside and they were pretty well packed eating breakfast. And I said to them, I said those people don't know who I am. They didn't come here to see me. Oh, no, you're wrong. You're right. So now he grabs me by the arm. He takes me into the other room, which is like two feet away. You know what I mean? It's like eating an issue box, just a little tiny place. And here are all these people eating. And they're not even looking up. They don't know me from why she put me. Okay? And I'm standing there like some kind of a moron. Now he says, okay, well, let's go outside and, you know, say hello to all your people. And there were a lot of nice people out there, although most of them were very old. What do you expect at Pumpernix? Is that a place where you're going to find a lot of teenagers? Not too likely. I mean, the youngest teenager was 97 out there, but there were a lot of nice people. And here was this one guy. Ah, man, that's a lot of nice people. The screaming and yelling and carrying on. And I'm not exaggerating. He never stopped for a minute. And the irony of it is he had his free Danish in one hand. How do you like that? He took one of the free Danish. Okay? That they were giving from my audience. And he was doing disgusting things with the top of it all off. And I'm thinking, geez, I got to get there a lot of there. And now this people are all milling around. And now they got to bring out the chef. Here's my chef who used to work at Wolfies on 21st. And the guy comes out and he's got the blood stains on his apron and blood stains on his forehead. And here's another guy that comes out, hey, this is Raffi Al from the kitchen. We just found him in a boat somewhere, you know, and he comes out great. Okay. And now this one guy is screaming and whirling in circles and his head is spinning around like Linda Blair in the exercises. I mean, it's not okay. Get me the hell out of here. Will you please? So now they're all escorting me to my car. And at that point, I began to get the feeling that something was not kosher in Denmark. You know what I'm saying? And we get out to my car and I said, hey, wait a minute. What's that flat tire there? And now I look at the back one on the left side. Now we got two flat tires. And of course, we go around to the other side and hear the other two all for a perfect match. I mean, I want to give credit to this miserable old fart who did this. He did it very evenly. He was an equal opportunity deflator. And here my car is sitting there and it's just like, you know, sunk to the ground and the tires are flat as a pancake. And the manager of this alleged pumper and exit saying, oh, oh, this is terrible. We feel so bad. Everybody is fetching and pitching and okay. Don't worry about a thing. I'll ride you over to the park. We'll get you there. We'll take care of this by the time you come back. Whatever you want, we'll bring the car back to you. We'll take care. It's always Baba Papi. We beat great. He drives me over to the park. And at this point, I'm ready to blow my brains out. I mean, you know, is this a good way to start a Saturday morning? This is a great way to start today. I can't do what. Let's do another break because there's just too much of the story when we come back. I'll pick it up at the park where the engineers are standing there looking off in this space wondering what the hell. How we got sucked into this. And we're some of our programming people are staying there with their finger up their nose. I'll pick it up right at that point when we come back. I have never been to a prostitute. Then I am not for have ever been in homosexual. It's 1041 at W.Y. and Z. By the way, you know, I can hear you fall while always has that silly grin on his face. We just found that out this morning from Reverend Anchorberg. Jerry has a dildo in the shape of a cross on his body that he wears it all times. I'm not at liberty to tell you where. Okay, now getting back to Saturday morning. Okay. I think we had just arrived at the park if I'm not mistaken. By tires were flat. This clown from Pupernick's just or brings me to the pavilion. And I get out of the car and I'm just terminally depressed. And I'm not in any mood to hear any crap from anybody at this point. I just want to go home to be honest with you. I'm not a sudden this old guy comes up. You know, one of these that tears you by the arm. You know, that keeps grabbing you. I don't want to be grabbed by old guys. Okay. I mean, if I want you to grab me, I'll let you know. I'll give you a little wink or something like me show. But not some old fart who smells bad and got bad breath. Okay. And this guy's grabbing me. Now he's telling me about duff. He's telling me some cock, I'm a story about duffs and about they're opening up a new morrisons and and Sadie's cafeteria. And I can't get away from this guy. Now we're already to belt him in the mouth at this point. Okay. So finally, all the rest of my cohorts are getting, you know, they're arriving and getting ready to join me in four hours of humiliation, degradation and embarrassment. And we start to sit down. It's 10 o'clock and I said, okay, where's the sodas? Because I'm one of those people who I can't go on the year unless I've got something even when they do it debate. You notice all these even the pseudo intellectuals sit there and they've got a big picture of ice water and they have their own individual glass of water and a whole business. It's just common sense that when somebody's going to talk for a prolonged period of time, they've got to have something to wet their whistle. So to speak. What's out of? What? I mean, this thing was planned out so well as to be just mind boggling. Okay. So now I'm digging in my pocket feeling the change and I have to copy the $3 in change to send somebody over to the soda machine to get a half a dozen sodas for those of us on the year. At that point, I look around. Keep in mind, I've just had four tires flat and I've also had this encounter with the screaming maniac who made Linda Blair look like a good sister. And this guy is running around like I'm lunatic in front of Puppernick, so I've got this all fresh in my mind and I said, okay, where's the security? There isn't any security. It's because security cost money. And one thing about our sales manager here and the whole brilliant staff that we've got of what should we call him? Well, I can't use that word on the year. All of our administrative types. All of our executives and bureaucrats here. They want to get away as cheaply as possible. In other words, let's go out and make the big hit grab the money and run. That's a bottom line. And it cost money to do that. So we don't care the fact that we've got the whole staff practically sitting there in one place like a target. Okay. Which is something else to think about because here are these hundreds of people milling around. This is the same sales manager by the way. We did the remote at the diplomat, Mal and Halendale. After we received $50 million worth of free publicity for this radio station about the early bird dinners and Halendale and the whole business who comes in here with the straight face and says to me, Wow, Adiel. We'd like to know why this got to be a lot of fun. We're going to take out the century village. Let them. Let's raise some money for radio aid. And we'll let them Bob your you for apples. We'll let do a dunking contest with you and let them throw apples at you. I mean, this man needs to be put into a straight jacket and lock the way somewhere, right? I mean, I got a much better idea. Why don't we just get the sales manager to go out in front of this building. We'll go up 47th Avenue and we'll put me. I want to those big wheels like the wheel of fortune. You know, but like one of those big circular wheels. You see that with Sherlock Holmes, they used to do that to him all the time. And they just put me on the wheel. I will charge you a buck a shot. You know, until somebody finally some good shot comes along and hits the mark. Speaking of hitting the mark, there's the guy we got to put on the spinning wheel right mark. You said it put him on there. In fact, we're going to do two of them. We're going to have Mark Q and on the first wheel and Chris back on the second wheel. We'll do a quinella. We're going to take him right on Pom Avenue and anybody out there wants a little target practice. Come on by folks. We're doing it right at high noon. We'll show those bureaucrats a thing or two right now. They don't go out there and put their ass on the line. They shouldn't there. They're little bureaucratic meetings and they, you know, well, Gee, we didn't got this eye and we didn't got this tea. You know, I mean, let's get serious. Put their ass out there on the line once. Then what really was bad on Saturday after all of this, then the show started. That was really. That was the worst. Well, see, the worst came after two o'clock. Most people don't even know about that part, which I'll get to when I'm good and ready. You know what I'm saying? Then the show started. Four hours of that. 50,000 watts for four hours. Do you believe that? Those people over in Naples must have wondered if Russia was invading. Did I light up all the lights? Good. Let's light up all the lights in a control room today. Huh? Lights that have been sitting there stagnating for years. All of a sudden will, Oh, well, bring up the live today. Like we're in an amusement park. Like we're in some kind of a carnival. I'm trying to see how many of those lights I can light up. Did we get points for that? Do we add to the ratings when they come out? Spread them around to some of the other day parts from what I hear they might need it. Spread them around the flower. He might need to borrow a couple too. Unbelievable. So now we go on the air. And I guess it's not much I can say about that because nobody had anything to say. And I couldn't hear anybody. Couldn't hear anybody. And then they kept saying, well, here, use the headset. I put the headset on and then cut real embarrassing because then I could hear it. And I didn't want to hear it. I mean, you know, when you put the headset on and you hear, you know, you hear that. You want to take it off immediately. And I did. I said, hey, listen, I much rather sit here and just mumbled. And so while I did was I just signed those pictures for about two hours. I killed a lot of time. Here you go. Here, get out of my way. And I kept listening, and nobody was saying anything. And Ernie was running around doing his Phil Donni humitation. It was incredible. Until a pastrami and corn be for Rye, then all of a sudden he pulled out his mezzosin was blessing it and just I have never seen anybody. Pack it away like that man. No wonder he's so Jewish. I mean, when he eat that much pastrami, it's got to make every part of your innards blessed. When they open up early to do an operation, they're going to find stamped inside his liver a little circle you. On all of his organs, I'm telling you. Even on that organ, his wife told us the other day that it was like a little circle to you. I think she wasn't describing the emblem. She was describing the size. And of course, Kathy West. I mean, I got news for you, honey. Maybe you never stole a freight train, but boy, oh boy, she was. The one guy said it best. He said she was a moron. You know, I mean, he said it the best. The one guy in the crowd. He was, he was right on target. I mean, Kathy is just hopeless. How much I was money for? What do we call out? I'm worried about this. So what is this? Like I'm going to take the money and steal it. Right? Like I went and bought my tires with the money. Like I'm going to put 28 years in the business down the toilet on, you know, $300 and some odd dollars. And by the way, we appreciate all of people who were so generous. And even the ones who were cheap, you know, anything at this point would help. Did you get permission to play those tapes? Oh, I mean, you know, here is a woman, trust me what I tell you this, who needs to have something in her mouth all the time, just to keep her from speaking. And I really mean that. And whatever it is you want to put in her mouth, you've got my permission because I got news for you. Or the ministry opens it. It just regurgitates. God is she incredible, huh? And there was Kathy. Oh, I believe in capital punishment. Double it. You know, is if anybody doesn't know already, you know what I'm saying? And she just kept saying it over and over again. And we're just trashing her all over the place. And she's just sitting there repeating the same thing about Ted Bundy and she wants to pull the switch. Oh, God. Mary, you don't left early. Do you want to say that he just disappeared? He, you know, he just took off. I know what his story was. The bottom line it was an embarrassing four hours embarrassing this radio station owes an apology to the entire community. For the abomination that broadcast on 940 on Saturday, the early Sochens Show. We also apologize for the park, but that's another story. Did you ever need plug our campaign at all on Saturday? No? So he's got his own agenda. If we had called it so far, so Jewish, that it would have been okay. Then he would have pushed it for five hours. But he haven't had Lee has his own agenda. Okay, now the best part of the whole day comes after the show is over. Okay? So let's do our last break. And now back to Neil Rogers on 94 news wins. If you'd like to call Neil, dial 764-0707 in Broward or 64-0191 in Dave. And now here again is Neil Rogers. Well, as Gabriel Header once said, there's good news tonight. Well, it would take in something miraculous to get me out of that blue funk from the weekend between the situation at Pumpernix and a flat tires and the debacle at Seemysmith Park. And then my apartment turning into a nightmare in the last to four or five days. But other than that, the arbitron ratings from the winner book are right in my hand. Boy, look at that. And look at that one. I think that's what I'm just going to do. A little tease for about 20 minutes. Well, I guess I have to thank the audience again. I should thank the audience again because boy, I don't know how we do it. I don't know how we do it. It's a phantom by word of mouth. But this show has so far demolished the competition. We have a seven share in midday. A seven. That would be like having a 14-year at night. Our competition put together has a four-eight put together. WIOD and midday has a 2.4 WNWS and midday has a 2.4 share of the audience. In other words, we have on this show about three times as many people listening as either of those stations do it any given time. Let's just make some more gutterable sounds for a little while. Let's have a little celebration. It's like Saturday and a park by Chicago. Have we got that? No. Even on the FM, they don't have that. See, well, no wait a minute. Didn't Terry Calf blow his brains out. Two years ago from Chicago, see they play all the dead artists on the FM. I told him that this morning it played a lot of Jim Morrison, a lot of a Janice Choppel and Jimmy Hendrix. And that's because they have the new brain dead format on Zeta. And I told him they're on the right track. Now they finally are getting with it. How come I can't find them on the sheet? No, no, no, no, come on. They must have gone up. Gone down? Come on. Well, anyway, the ratings are running. I want to belabor that point, but as soon as I can get a copy that I can read, I will pass it along to you. Let you know what's going on in the market because Tom Jick is going to be here as a matter of fact on Thursday is it? Yeah, Thursday the whole show from 10 to 2 on the 30th of April. And that's always a real barn burner. Well, be great because we'll have a whole book by then and we can sit here and celebrate and be self-indulgent. And what does that tell you, sunny Rosenberg? What do what Lee Fowler did? Course, we don't have the hour by hour breakdown. We only have the day parts. But I sure would love to see what Lee Fowler does from one to three. You probably brings her and tell down about a point and a half I would think. Well, let's see, W-I-O-D has a 3.1 W-N-W-S has a 3.5 and W-I-N-Z. We have a 5-chair. So on behalf of our brain dead management, I want to thank everybody out there because we really knocked him dead in his book. Now, what is the sales department going to be saying about the, oh, it's a fluke. It's another one of those fluke's. Nobody up a leave it now, forget it. I guess we're having bad shape now for another three months. Isn't it what they said last summer when we had a 5-1 the fluke was in the fall, right? Not really, but it sounds good. That was the fluke. I mean, we're just killing them. And after hearing Saturday's performance, it's got to be mind boggling. Isn't it? In fact, that so many people are tuning in W-I-N-Z. I mean, just wait till we get some good people on the air. And then we're really going to knock ass in his top. No, I'm saying, especially here in midday, wait till we get somebody good in on this show. Like Jack McDermott. Hello, friends. Okay. Now, let's get to Bill Cosford's column. I would read your lot more from the ratings, but Mark you made me copy here that nobody can read. I mean, he's two real light copies. If you want to know about W-N-Z, they had a 0.7. But Lee Fower gets saved again. Can you believe that life had a 9? Doesn't that tell you a lot about this market? Life had a 9. Can't believe that. How could we have had a 7 in midday and still not the number 1 did life beat us in midday? Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. You know what they had in midday? They had an 11.6 share in midday. You know what that means? It means that old old farts have turned on a lifeless in midday. See, we wanted to get rid of those people anyway. I mean, nobody should advertise on that station because all they do is play elevator music in the background. Nobody pays any attention to it. If he wasted dying with advertising on W-I-Y, if you might as well be burning it because nobody listens. In fact, really, there ought to be a log instead of that whole thing because they get credit for people who are in dentist offices and doctors offices, secretaries and they get a diary and they put it down that they're listening to it. All it really means is that it's on in the background. They're not paying any attention. If I got an ear on life right now and I started writing and raving. If I did the whole same first hour that I didn't on this show, nobody would know the difference. Of course there would have to probably be a little bit, you know, something in the background. If I did all of a ranting and raving in the first hour, as long as we had that in the background, nobody would know the difference. Just imagine if we can do a 7. For the show that we've been doing, if we would put this in the background, let's see, what's 11.6 and 7? That's 18. We could put them together. Let's take over to the FM. What we'll do is we'll do life out of one channel and my show out of the other channel. This lady accused out there running around in the parking lot, dreaming and healing. Can you just hear that? Now that would be a format, huh? That would be a killer, killer format. If you're real to them, will you place with a violence? Okay, I want to get to build a conference column if I can. I'm sorry that we're taking up so much time, but of course otherwise you'd be listening to the boring callers. How long, Neil, congratulations, y'all, the best. Stuff it, lady. That's all I can tell you. I mean, it's real nice, all accomplishments, but nobody wants to hear that crap, okay? They want to hear somebody say something. And build a conference, I said before the newsbreak that he's grown a couple of inches in all of our eyes. And from what we hear, and of course, Bill is kind of a sure, what is he about? 5-7-5-3? Kind of a short guide of begin with, and from what we understand from those who know him the best, take it another couple of inches can't hurt. It would be a delicate way of saying it. And the headline in his column in yesterday's Harold, brain police zero in on radio. Quote, warning this column contains words, phrases, and perhaps a concept or two that may be offensive to some, you know who you are, stop here. What is briefly considered Howard Stern? Howard Stern is a New York area, radio personality with a foul mouth and a huge audience, the two are not unrelated. If you haven't heard Howard, you cannot fully appreciate the nature of his appeal, though you can approximate it, think of Archie Bunker, only a bit more scandalous and a hell of a lot smarter. Howard Stern is at the very epicenter of the decision by the FCC to warn radio stations that certain things, words in you window, the radio equivalent of a lear will no longer be tolerated. Stern's show on morning drive time on an FM station that serves greater New York as apparently drawn no complaints there, but the show's simultaneous to more tender Philadelphia inspired 69 letters to complain to the FCC. What does Howard Stern do? He tries his heart as he can to offend people, and the process since taking offense implicitly suggests a certain vulnerability, he makes a great many other people laugh. A typical Stern routine is lesbian, dialed date, another is loving a praisal of his on the air side kicks breasts, a third is the use of preteen euphemisms for body parts. Clearly, Stern's show is a send up. The comedy is directly from the school yard even to which delivery would, which when Stern is on is a whiny, snickering voice that reminds you of the days in your life, when saying Kaka and boobs was a no-no. I think Stern is hilarious. There's no accounting for taste, in any case we can blame this latest attempt by our own government to determine what will be allowed, we will be allowed to see or hear or read, directly on Stern. He has annoyed people, it's possible that the 69 annoying ease were merely friends and family of Stern's rivals, in the Philadelphia broadcasting market, but in any case the FCC has put him and everybody else who is tempted to broadcast naughty on notice, they are listening. Locally Stern has at least one ardent fan Neil Rogers, not coincidentally, the most popular English language AM radio personality in South Florida, has heard tapes of Stern, it has been inspired to spice up his own act, Neil now says douchebag more than he used to and old fart. Like Stern, Rogers has reacted to the FCC action by Kaka Rittak, he has volunteers from his audience, stuffing envelopes with petitions and hopes to engage broadcasters across the country in a protest. Unlike Stern, Rogers' prime intent is not to offend, it still doesn't do to cross him or even to bore him less he grows a testy, but Rogers is a talk show host rather than a stick man, he is also a prominent liberal voice here. Rogers and Stern do share one other experience however, and that is that some of the people who do not like them are not content to refrain from listening, but insist that they be taken off the ear. It is this small minority for which the FCC is taken up arms. As has become customary, this latest free speech attack comes with saved the children justification, as well as the community standards dodge. We must protect children from radio says the commission because radio is pervasive. Well yes, assuming the kids have one in our listening to it, interestingly Rogers and Stern are on the air during school hours when the five and overs presumably are in class, not huddled around the boom box. As for the under five, show me a four-year-old who skips Sesame Street for morning drive, and I'll show you a kid with bigger problems than nasty Neo, and community standards, the ratings speak eloquently for those where Stern and Rogers are heard they are tremendously popular. The issue of course is not kids or community standards at all, it's adults, even if it were plausible that the likes of Rogers and Stern could pollute our listening youth, it would be then incumbent on parents to restrict the listening, not on government to limit adult listening to the norms of pre-kindergarten. The issue is that some adults continue to want to make other adults conform to a narrow idea of what is good for them. Few would deny that Howard Stern pushes the limits, or that Neo Rogers can be insulting, can rile people. Few would deny that either is capable of flirting with the bounds of good taste if not trampling them outright. So what, isn't that allowed? After all, the FCC has said time and again that it is not concerned with content. After all of his said time and again under the Reagan administration that it wants to deregulate broadcasting to remove it as much as possible from government control. After all, it is indifferent to the advertiser resolved on children during their prime weekend TV viewing hours and says nothing about the waves of the bachery that boy the day time soaps during the week. It cannot be a matter merely of good taste, can it? It can indeed. In a herald editorial supporting the FCC decision and in one of the saddest sentences I have ever read in this newspaper the game is given away. For perhaps the decision will help define the bounds of good taste, end of quote, and there we are good taste is defined by the federal government. The same government that can't even run a simple central American gun running scam without screwing it up. They are the ones who will tell us what's in good taste and we don't have to do a thing. We need a rem or two of Petitions Neo and Hurray. End of article by Bill Cosford in yesterday's Miami Herald. And I told a Lori Sheffield that they might produce her. I said let's send out a bunch more of the Petitions to bill over at the herald and knowing how gutsy he is. He is probably circulated over in the building there at one herald plaza. It got hundreds of people. They've even got more people to work there than we do here, which is almost impossible even Sony doesn't have as many Japanese running around as we have working in this building. I don't mean Japanese, I mean employees, boy, tapping your rear up set, but I think Bill Cosford for the kind of origin he really hits it right on the head. And how about that line that one line in one of the saddest sentences I have ever read in this newspaper? Is that really described that pathetic, gutless, harrowed editorial? In essence what the herald saying hey yeah go ahead you can restrict what broad characters can say and you can determine guidelines for them, but don't ever try it with us because we've already been into the court with Pat Trenillo and we'll all right we'll go into court over and over again with anybody else who tries to take away our right to do whatever it out we want. But go ahead and regulate everybody else because that's good for us it's good for business. Okay, well I've been rambling on here like a lunatic 21 past 11 we haven't even taken a call yet should we? Now let's give the numbers out anyway and date county 624-091-624-091 and Broward 764-0707 It's 1121 at WINZ here on a Monday morning we'll come back right after this. 24 after 11 and WINZ we have a couple of lines to open and Broward all the deadlines lit up immediately this morning is that incredible? We're on that pendulum again. We're like see song back and forth we got a lot of good hate from Broward this morning, but we still have two open lines here 764-0707 and Broward. What that's incredible all the first call is from Pembroke Pines hello. Good morning. Yes. Yeah, I was at that mess Saturday morning at Pompon X. Well I apologize sir. Yes, but I said that it is in the street, but it's not worth even to talk about him. It's just one funny thing that happened. I also came to the park later on of course I didn't pay. But if everything was over to a clock when everyone left, I had stood around I was talking to some other people. And I saw the barricades were like thrown aside and there was a group of people who were ravaging the wulper of letters all the old food that was left over. Yeah, well they don't know but we poisoned all of that before we left we sprayed it with periquot. I mean they were taking like the radio copy the papers that were on the floor. Yeah. I mean they's like animals animals. Through everything there. Yep. Really incredible. But we enjoyed your show and just my wife and I are concerned and the station should be very concerned that you know you are your health and well being going on to the public. Yeah. Well they're very concerned about me now because the rating the book just came out. Now all of a sudden they're all padding me on the back and running in here and paying all over my shoes. I just had to change my shoes during the commercial break. So they'll be real nice to me now until the next book. Yeah. I have to think Kathy West. I think they're too easy on her. Yeah. I'm going to start a no more no more Saturday stick with her until you've heard the last of that sir. Thanks. Okay. We have an open line and they'd now two of them as a matter of fact somebody just passed out when they heard about the seven share. Who was all on the line was that else mother. 624 0191. These are a number in date. County if we have anybody alive and breathing. I mean how the hell could we not be you know setting them on fire this morning. Even just the gutterl sounds we made were more exciting than Sandy's guest. 624 0191. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Good morning. How are you? I've been a listener to talk radio for quite a long time. This is the first time I've called. I would say that the state of talk radio here in the city is quite lacking. I know that you have some differences with other talk us and other stations. But I'll tell you to summarize it briefly. I believe that you were quality. I believe that Steve is interesting and that Alice interesting. Beyond that you could take the rest and flush them down the toilet and it would make no matter the rest or mediocre at best. They just don't seem to have the sharpness. Or the wit to keep the format interesting no matter what they're discussing. First of all the idea that anybody who's breathing is a radio talk show host is an insult to the business and to the audience. And unfortunately there are people in this market and a position to hire folks who have slapped the audience in the face by taking people off. The street or taking people out of positions in which they were totally unqualified to become talk show host and say, Poof your retocost and I got news for you and I don't have to tell you it doesn't work. Well, I can't make gold on a chop liver. I'll agree with you there. Let me ask you one question about, you know, would you take a shot? Let's say it somebody at your own station. How do you get along with them off the ear? Let's say you see them in the hallway or No, I get you got to understand this. And as the godfather said, you know, you can't take it personally as a business. And I like all of the people here. Well, most of the people in the building, all of the people on the ear, I get along with well and we all, you know, speak. We don't sleep together or anything but we're all friendly. We all I think like each other. But in terms of what some of them do on the ear or in terms of some of their subject matter, what I say on the ears, what I really believe. And do they how do they react to you when you see them off the ear? There's no problem. There's no hurt feelings. Let's say with Kathy, for instance, what you said today, would she, you know, Well, I have no idea, but I mean, what she did to me on Saturday, I wouldn't do to anybody. I mean, even somebody on another station. I mean, we just, you hear we're involved. You've got to know where to draw the line. When you're doing something that's humorous, that's great. But when you're doing something you believe in and you're trying to really rally people around it and she sits there and says, where's all that money going? I want to know why do we need money for this? You know, and she was serious. She wasn't joking. She was serious. I mean, that was about as funny as cancer. Well, I'll tell you the program that you're referring to, I listen to. Oh, and I was very disappointed. But normally, at least when you have a group, let's say, in a studio, you don't have as many outside distractions, but I'll tell you something. When they were taking questions from the audience, half the time you couldn't even hear what the questions were. Yeah. And it seemed like there was no theme running from one segment to another. It just was like, odds and ends coming up. Well, everybody had a lot, John. Nobody wanted to say anything Saturday. And I just, I felt like I was just drowning. Like I wanted somebody to throw me a life for a server. And I just couldn't believe what was going on. But I think it may have served one useful purpose because the powers that be around here have learned from that debacle that we will never again do one of those so-called remotes. All of the shows are going to be from the studio. They spend a lot of money to build beautiful studios here and the acoustics are great and everything works. And at least most of the time. And that's where we need to be. And, you know, what's important is how many people are listening. Not to have a couple of hundred people running around making noise waiting for us to throw food at them. You know, and, but again, most of the people were there were real life on Saturday. But it just doesn't sound good. And my final comment. I'm a lost student. And until I entered law school, you hear talk of the constitution, you hear talk of rights. But you really don't see or realize the importance of those rights a lot of times. And until you see how the K-floor has developed when the government has tried to take away those rights from you. And I'll tell you, I have come to appreciate the fact that although defendants, let's say, may be protected by search and seizure laws. Those are designed to protect you and me, not to defend it. And I think that for, I think the people or the citizens in this country should take a course to teach them about the value of free speech. How important it is to, for you to be able to give that speech when people disagree with you. Yeah. When it's important, it doesn't matter when everyone's in agreement or everything will go up. Well, there are a lot of people missing the whole point on this latest thing with the FCC. They think it all has to do with Howard, juror, a stern and so-called shock-jocks. And doesn't have anything to do with that. It has to do with whether the commission or any branch of the government can censor and keep limiting our right to free expression. It's got nothing to do with shock-jocks. Well, no one should be surprised that voted for Reagan because it was clear from the outset that his intention was to quote, let's say, cleanse the country. From Edwin Meast, an attorney general to say that the United States Supreme Court decisions do not carry any precedent or authority to his release on pornography, to the prayer and public school issue, to the stance against abortion. We want to be infringing on a personal right of the public. And those who voted for him should not now complain when they see those rights disappearing one. Well, that's true, but the rest of us don't want to lose a meter. That's a problem. Exactly. I think that we need to send the clear message to Washington. Okay. The election rolls around. Thanks for calling. It's 1132 at WINZ. We have an open line in date. We have two four, O191, and we have a real fan online for in Miami, hello. Hello, Patrick. Yes. You are the most miserable outrageous player that is working for a clear asset to make the WINZ. The Miami-Herald. Right. All no good folks. And I could prove it. I give them the chance to talk to the world. We'll have right as long as we have guys like Ruben, ever soobin, guys like different hooks that's in the commission's post in the Miami. Do some Miami's help. All of us are hooks. I have proved that before and I'll prove it again when I get over WINZ. You take anybody to trust WINZ is crooked. And anybody that takes it take from them is crooked. And anybody that takes him to hell is crooked. The most is crooked. Is that it, sir? Oh, here what I... Okay. I have told of the world that we can get a lot of your systems, sir. Come on, put the tool in a little further. Come on. Come on. You've been answered that. What? That. Speak up, sir. Speak up. No, no, no. I'm a hammer. I'll eat and I tell my dear. I'm dying of tears, hookah. I'm away, dirty, always me. Now just hookah. It looks like we'll just stay up. It was a fascinating show. That's a kind of payoff. Where do we come? Where we come? What do we come? What do we come? What do we come? The truth is, a family can't live. What I'm saying to you, that's a prayer. I have never been to a prostitute. And I am not, or have ever been in homosexuals. Just a brief romance. Speak up, sir. I can't hear a damp. You're saying. My dear, damn thing! I said that. No, no, no, no! I'm not afraid of prayer. And you're working for a working out of the night. I am here and you can't put them in the night. The Miami, north of the north. Sunday we hope to know how to make our story. The boy is doing dinner saved by grace. You are no whiz of the world. Go ahead, sir. You're on a roll. Come on, this is America. Did he hang up? Can you believe that? He ran out of material. Well, he certainly can't accuse me of not letting him have his same man. I'm telling you, got it. A lot of the system minutes over the transmitter now. What a mess. 1135. And W-I-N-Z. One of our fans out there. We'd like to get his address. We've got a guy who'd like to take care of your tires for you this afternoon. 6-2-4-0-19-1 is our number in day. We're going to come back and have a little lunch from Pumpernix right after this. Don't. I'd like to congratulate the Jack McDermott and the people over W-K-A-T for their one-share at night. They write 27th in the market. 27th out of 30. Pretty good, huh? Pretty good, Jack. Okay, 21 before noon at W-I-N-Z. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. I'm glad it's from Hollywood. I like to talk about the rest, I think it's a little more about the people in the western side about its names, but I'm glad people know we're good Russians try to go through and not going to get ripped off. We do these shows every once in a while. We did want a few weeks ago. We asked people where they're really good restaurants are. But I'm going to tell you something. It's like looking for a needle in the haystack in this town. There is more garbage for square inch in term what's called food in this town than you're going to find anywhere. I know. I took my wife out to run the, uh, Friday night. And my wife sent her in and my husband's out from the chair. So I took her to the back of her stool. Where we were sitting, that I was in. She just left the place and I didn't even bother paying the guy for the food. And I was fine. She said, you got a checker. So she got a nice one around here. Oh, yeah. I know. We know we can do the derivative of the dog. And you know something, even a mice won't eat the food there. We're having a lot of food. We had a lot of bad, a couple of bad experiences. I'm not trying to find one goodness to go to. And you had to have more people around who were up in the restaurant. But people know where the food's good and where the service is good. Or you get some place when you got over by your washing hands. Yeah. This month at least. It's a, uh, try to find. We don't even bother eating out anymore. He's so much about what they do to food in the back. Yeah. Well, listen, maybe we'll find one or two today, okay? All right. He do. We'll be over anywhere. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye. Good luck. Okay. We have an open line. And yeah, there are a lot of Mickey Mouse restaurants all over this town. I mean it, man. You say, okay. Let's go out and find some place. And you think unless you're living way out in a bone dog, some person be that hard and you drive around and around and around. And you see these same prefabricated, and all the fast food junk food places. And, uh, boy, it's impossible. And another thing I'm getting real sick of is unless you're in a mood for a tally in her Chinese, is there any place else to go? I mean, I love Italian food and I love Chinese food, but you can't eat it every day. We've got 7 million Chinese right? Here you can. We have a little bit of meat. Or you need a little bit of meat now. So I'll upload all of these out in the basement. Or you can do this. They're bad. Yes. I have calling you from pay phone. I'm catching a noon flight to LA. I just want to check it out. Find out what you're rating for before I left for the week. Do you mean you didn't hear it? No, I'm at the airport here. Oh. Well, it was a nice even figure of 7. Okay. How is that compared to your other morning competition? Well, let's see. I'll rent a WNWS and rent. I'll have a 2.4 and WIOD and say any pay net of 2.4. So it was like, uh, as tragic. Like triple either one of them. Congratulations. Thank you. Also, I was over TV, Smith Park said it, right? Really? I had a very good time. Well, I'm glad you did somebody did. I was very surprised he was some of the folks actually look like. I know. That's why we're not going out anymore. Kathy was much better than I expected. Kathy? Yeah. Kathy's a nice looking woman. Kathy was a lot worse than I expected. Yeah. Well, I don't, well, I just got them both confused now. I was just a little bit worse. She's insisting on doing this tiny timber routine. Yeah. And she's got that frizzly hair and that big hook nose, you know, she can't help herself. And, uh, Rene was a little older than I expected him. Rene is real, believe me. He claims to be 51 on the air, but I think put another few years on it like 10 or 15. You're closer to the truth. And I know she kept bumping it. Well, I rented a microphone. Yeah. In fact, Rene was talking about the Bower War. All the Jewish veterans from the Bower War the other day. When are you going to be doing another life, broadcast? Never. Never again. Never again. That's bad. Oh, the worst. The worst. Oh, by the way, how much money did you end up picking up for so far that afternoon? Between 300 and 400, it was great. Well, and you count maybe it's like a people there. That's not too bad. But we had more than that because we got 350 signatures on the petition. Oh, that's good, then. But you know, really when you stop and think of it, if it would have been in a different kind of a place where people didn't have to pay to get in and where they knew how to find it, we could have 5,000 people on Saturday. I was really surprised. I expected to see much more of a crowd. Yeah. Well, we don't like to promote things. We like to keep them real quiet, you know. But it was fun and I'd have a good time for a party and for a day. Great. Congratulations, I'm your rating. Thanks a lot. Have a safe trip. Will you come in back? I'll be back in a week. Okay. Well, let us know what's going on out there. Okay. Take care of yourself. Good day. Okay, 17 before noon at WI and Z. We have an open line in date, 624-0191. Now that the book is out, I'm going to start talking like Brian Cumble. You know, I mean, why should I go through the effort of moving my lips, you know, when you're real smug and complacent, you know, just in kind of mumble? You notice he never moves his lips, man. He is the laziest. The most talk about laid back, you know, usually in the morning. You don't want somebody screaming at you early in the morning, but you'd like somebody who's a little bit lively, not too much, but a little bit lively to keep you awake. And Brian is like station break. And he's like, you know, he just doesn't move. And I guess everything in life even's up because used to be when he worked for NBC Sports and used to do the pregame show on the baseball games. He was always out in a crowd like, or down on the field when a crowd was making a lot of noise. Like Mike Adamley, who used to play for the bears, same kind of thing, a screamer, a real screamer. Well, we're down here on the field, you know, that kind of thing always screaming. And I think Brian just kind of left his voice at Yankee Stadium. And now he just sits on any mumbles and he burling moves his lips. He's great. My amy good morning. Good morning, Neil. Hi. Hi. Listen, I heard you on the Zeta this morning. Really, you were the one listening, huh? Well, the thing is, is that I listened to on occasion. I've called you a couple of times. My mother got me starting to listen to you. But anyway, the only thing about this morning is I reasoned that it once you started your show that you had made mention that you were on the air at the FM. And you said that, but their listeners don't care because they're all under drugs anyway. I resent that because I do listen to Zeta. However, I want to know why did- Well, let's just say most of their on the- Okay, that's better. Why would you let the station subject you to what happened at Pumpernix and what happened at CBSM? Part. Well, wait a minute. I think that I knew ahead of time that I was going to be like out on a limb. Do you think that I expected that? I mean, when we went to the diplomat mall in Hallendale, we had a whole bunch of police and we had some off duty police and they hired some security. They were prepared for some unreliable people to show up and it was handled pretty well. Oh, I see. And I assume that it would be the same the other day because if there's two stupid to understand that there- You know, there are a few people out there who aren't too fond of me. And I'm sure there are also some people out there who don't like spindell or sochen or taffy or Kathy or something. You know, everybody's got a few nuts out there who would like to take a shot at him. And I would assume that we were going to have some security. Well, how did this thing with Pumpernix come about anyway? I mean, how did you happen to be there? Did the station set that up also? Yeah, our sales department set that up. Oh, my God. And I have no idea what the purpose of that whole thing was. I mean, to me, that was the most mysterious thing. Other than to get my tire slice, I have no idea why I was even more careful. And that's too bad that it's now so or do you undoing any other remotes because some people do like to see you and be able to talk to and person. Yeah, well, or nearly I've enjoyed it in the past. If it's in the right setting, and if you've got a lively group of people who've got something to say or ask some interesting questions, it's a lot of fun. But unfortunately, the sales, you know, I guess now that these new ratings are out hopefully, if this doesn't do it nothing ever will. But it'll make them realize that we're not talking just to people over the age of 100 anymore. You know, you remember they sent me out to the hallmark? Yeah. I mean, that was a disaster. It was an unmedicated disaster. And the whole concept, the only reason I agreed to go there was if we were going to do something to try to get some younger people out there and get a mixed audience. Instead of just talking to the people who live there over the age of 100. And it didn't work out there way that way because there was just nothing done to lure anybody else out there. And let's face it on Wednesday afternoon. At noon, most younger people are in school or they're working or they're doing something. That's right. Well, I'll tell you all I wanted to let you know is I did call that executive this morning to tell you that we love you. Thank you. And one thing to the gentleman, not your last caller, but the caller before. He sounded like one of the, he must have been the brother of the guy that was standing outside of Pumper and X-Streaming. Yeah. If you don't like Neil Rogers, don't bother calling. Amen. Don't need people like him. I'll tell you one caller like him every day would be pretty good. Well, yeah. He actually does stir things up, but he's a jerk. Okay. Anyway, keep up the good work. See you later. Bye. Problem is before noon at WI and Z. We have an open line in Broward 764-0707. We discovered uncertainty by the way. Why we haven't got a lot of contest for a hot hunk contest for the attractive young ladies and men. Because our audience boy generally speaking is pretty ugly. And all the hostarroglyse and actually the audience is going to be pretty ugly. I mean, there were nice people. But it would be wrong. And it worked a few people there, not too many, who were very attractive. In fact, what was her name? A mispear pines. She was very attractive young lady. She was only 14 and Ernie was trying to attack her right there in a park, which was embarrassing. But generally speaking, man, it was a pretty motley looking group. Should we take another call from Hollywood? Hello? Yes? Hello, what do you mean? Yes? This is the first time I'm calling. Good. And I want to know how much I'll endure you show. Thank you. And this morning, I got the biggest slap when you start to talk about Pumpinix, open 10 bookings. Oh boy. We were there for our rest for dinner Saturday night. I read a contest. Yeah, I had a friend who went there this weekend with his wife, and he said the same thing. He said it was a nightmare. I'm telling you, I never in my life ever, ever went to a restaurant that was so stupid. Stupid, the wrenches, the horses went to write him, did neither the left hand was telling. Yeah, and you should have seen what the left hand was doing. I had one of the first writers came over and asked me what we would like. So I told her I would like a bell called for us with sour cream and a bra of potato. Well, 20 minutes passed by. I don't get my ass. And then another writer's comes over and he says, well, you please tell me what you wanted. Because the writers didn't understand what you were talking about. Well, I'm a husband ordered stuff cabbage, and you should see what he got. Well, it was a disaster. Yeah. And not only that, we've got our bill. That was a grand finale. I don't know how the buildings go when to school. But I don't know how to add. They couldn't subtract. And I bet you they can't even multiply. I'd say that when whatever we looked came to about five dollars and changed. Well, we looked out of there. We were hysterical. And it was for the after. I complete disaster. Now these people better. Right up. Or they're going to be in a whole big bunch of trouble. Yeah, I can't see them making it too long here. Because it's the Royal Market. It's a Royal Market cafeteria with a different sign on the door. That's all. Oh, God. When I heard you talking about public this morning, I was running. Yeah. That's right. And I just had a cold. You and tell us how long you told about the place. Okay. Well, let's get better luck next time. Thank you very much. It's been nice talking to you. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bro. Now I'm my streetish at the way. The youngest got some kind of noise. If the hang and onions don't kill you. Don't die of old eggs till you're safe. Gotta swept them. Move. Perfect. Okay. It's 1152 at WI and Z. We have what opened line somebody just expired from the Smell of the Smoke Fish on Issue. We have one line there in Broward. 764. 0707. Anybody has any questions about the radio ratings? Boy, I've got them all right here in my hand. If you want to hear about any of your favorite shows who's going to lose their job. Well, certainly be glad to answer those when we come back. Well, that abur is going to send to him. You know, he makes up those traffic reports. I didn't want to let that out of the bag. He just makes him up. Okay. Let's see. Let's go to Miami next. Hello. Hi. Oh, God. I've been waiting in way for you. I can't wait to send a clock in the morning. I know. Oh. I used to know. Anyway, did you have to go party for them? I've been holding on the phone. Did I have to? I had a party. Party? Oh, something. Boy, was Hollywood. It was Kenbrook. It was this one. It was that one. That's okay. I love you. Period. And I think you put everything on the table. Yeah. We put it all in table. And the animals come up in a grab. That's what happened Saturday. Yeah. I was so bad. I thought, so bad about that. I didn't know what to do. I told my. Look at that. It was like. I got some garlic and it was a green fish. What is this? That's a good job. And why? And that's not the first time with you. Right? That's the first time. What's your car? Oh, no. It's trying to be a regular Hammond. You know, when we try to break into it, they break the estering column. Next week is the tires. I'll tell you. The hardest. Most of us are about to know. This is my first time. But I wanted to talk to you about this. Do you remember the last week about smoke and don't want to have sex or dark? Call him about no bite and smoke at us. I ain't in God knows what, and you know he had these a reform smoker, a reform greater. Yeah, he's a reformed human being man. Right. I just wanted to tell you now, we know him. And I'm so disappointed with him, I don't even want to read his time. Yeah, it's enough to make you scream. Right. He put up. Keep up to good work. We love you. Okay, ma'am, well, that's our slogan. Here at Wins, keep it up. You're listening to Lifeless. Now you'd be good on their life. You have the perfect voice for Lifeless. I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly going to have a good You and Bob Lasson are those who lift the list voices. The music of your life, ladies and gentlemen, this is Lifeless 94. The music that you adore. Here's good old Jane Morgan. If what's best. Oh, he didn't get any did it again. No, tell Rick Shaw. Okay, we're at the end of this hour. I can't stand it. I used to like that song, but it's getting to be nauseating. I was like syrup. It's like going into a diabetic coma in the middle of Antiumyam's pancake house. Okay, when we come back, we have, what is so funny in there? Man, if I could get the audience to laugh the way that you're cracking up, I'd have a 20-share. I've had the radio on the newsroom all morning long. We're just cracking up. Are you really? Right. You're on a roll. Why are listening to Lee Fowler's ratings? That is pretty funny, man. He get down to numbers. That's small. I think that's put every one in a good mood. Yeah. Hey, Lee. I know you're listening, baby. And we're sorry. We're sorry that you couldn't break a one this time. But man, keep it up, pal. Keep working away with those rochi sex poles. And did you do it on the transmitter? Did you do it on the wall? And by the end of the summer, man, you ought to be in Kia Kakao. Okay. Michael Wolfe's here with local and aeronaves headlines. And both sides of the CBS news that do, and this is a part of the station where we really get respectable down in dirty. And then we'll come back at 10 past 12 with more of the Aeneo Ranger Show. Tanty McCalm is coming along today at 2. And boy, they have really whipped the daylights out of her man. They have whipped her into shape. And from what I understand, it's going to be a whole new deal at 2. 94 News. Woo. If you'd like to call Neil, dial 764-0707 in Broward, or 64-0191 in Dave. And now, here again, is Neil Rogers. Tanty McCalm is here at 12 at WI and Z. We certainly hope you have a wonderful life out there in Radio Land in spite of it all here in South Florida, the home of the walking dead, the brain dead, and the ungrateful dead. And we did lose. Well, our flash in as long as they keep flashing folks, that's all at count. So I'm not going to give the numbers. I will give the address again for so far. We thank our lady friend who's in the kitchen right now, stuffing envelopes. And we thank everybody who's getting involved in sending those checks. Don't forget, we need money because we want to raise several thousand dollars for a variety of purposes for so far, the most important being to take out some newspaper ads to take out adnot only locally, but I'd like to put one in a wash and post to the New York Times. It costs a lot of money. And we'd like to raise money, and they just make the checks out to so far. And also, of course, your stamp's offered rest envelopes for these petitions. Mail them to so far, care of Neil Rogers, W-I-N-Z. Miami and the Zip is 33055. So far is the acronym for Save Our First Amendment Rights. We are a sick and tired of the FCC and arrested the Reagan government trying to take away more and more of our rights. And of course, once they take away the first Amendment rights, who to hell knows what's going to be after that. And I thank Mike Spendell for his help yesterday on his program. Hopefully some of the other people in the market. We know that some of the FM folks are getting involved. And again, I thank the people at Zeta 94.9827643 for having me on here show a little bit this morning at nine to a promoted. And let's really get to ball going, but the mail has been phenomenal. I mean, it really is building like crazy. In fact, the volume is increasing every day. And we're hoping to really get a lot of people involved. Okay, and at the meantime, we do have one open line. If you'd like to join us here today, we have open phones till two. Thursday, Tom Jick is going to be here. The radio TV editor, the Miami News. And boy, is that going to be going to be a lot of nervous people in the market, huh? I guess Tom's going to be tinkling all over New York again for those ratings. Because you know that in sex to his relationship, we got I've got so many relationships. You know, Bill Cosford and Tom Jick, a Linda Thornton, isn't that what somebody said and followers show the other day? Then Linda, Licks, my Pussas, didn't she say that? What did this disgusting thought? I'm sure for Linda especially. But we're going to have Tom here on Thursday. I'm going to go into that book and we'll digest it and spit it out and just do a wild number with it. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing today? Great. Good. I was out there Saturday and I did pick up a petition. Yeah. And I'm going to get that thing back to you. Still not. Great. But anyway, I just can comment on Saturday. I was starving to death on the way over there and I stopped by that restaurant and walked in there and it smelled so bad like they were frying B.O. or something. Yeah, when I was on a menu, fried B.O. didn't you see that? Yeah, we didn't see it. Yeah, they had an early bird on that. Well, we didn't eat there, but I'll tell you one thing, you know, we didn't eat there. And now it was just too disgusting. But anyway, just some comments on Saturday. We were surprised that Ernie looked more alive than he actually sounds. And that was one of the big he saw. Well, I think God gave Ernie a brain transplant last Saturday. I think he did something for him. Yeah. Well, you know, definitely. It's better to see him than to hear him sometimes. Anyway, we're surprised, Taffee, we expected her to be very overweight. Are you serious? Yeah. By Taffee, I bet you doesn't weigh 80 pounds. Yeah, well, she was, uh, now she was a lot better looking than she sounds. Yeah, that seems to be the general consensus. And of course, you know, her looks are much either. So what does that tell you about the way she sounds? And I'm not much. And I want other thing. Uh, we got tired of watching Cassie eat. Well, she eating a lot. I was trying to not look at her because she embarrassed me so badly in the first part of the show that I just kept trying to ignore her. Yeah, well, we were trying to ignore her also, but we kept seeing her hand go from the, uh, trade to her mouth was constant. Well, she's, uh, Kathy's always upset if she doesn't have something in her mouth. Anyway, uh, you mentioned being, you know, do you notice by the way, we had a few volunteers in the crowd when I mentioned that on Saturday? Oh, yeah. Some of those young guys, boy, they were just good thing we had the barricades there. I know, they were ready to climb over the ropes. Yeah. And, uh, also, uh, you mentioned that there's no good place to get a stake. Have you ever been to Ruth crisis? No, you mean a federal highway? Yeah. It's really excellent. Really? See, I'm, at this point, I'm ready to travel high and far. And I'm not, I'm not trying to be a mal content or to try to be, you know, Mr. Sour grapes, but they're just our so many bad places. And generally, when you go to a, like, when I go on vacation and go someplace for the first time, like when I went to Hawaii, I never got a bad meal. And I, I, what did I know? You know, I just walking off the street and a place that looks pretty good and they were good. Yeah. But, uh, the world thing about this place is, it's, it's expensive. I mean, it probably, uh, it's probably, like, a stake is about 20 bucks or 22 hours, but it's the best stake I've had in Florida and, uh, and, and, and, and, and, and, actually, I even think it's better than birds, but it doesn't have that type of a menu where you can, you know, pick the size and so for it. Yeah. But it is really good. Well, I've never been, I've never been into size. You know, I'm not interested in that. Okay. Neil, well, I just wanted to let you know, there is one good place for stake and that's it. Okay. Appreciate it. Right. Okay. Ruth Chris, that's on federal highway. That's up there by that, um, Moilee, the Chinese restaurant up there. That's pretty good too. 12, 16. I listen. Don't get panicky. We're not going to do another restaurant. Choke is the last time we did that a few weeks ago. A lot of the young foods out there got all been out of shape about that, probably, because there were a couple of the restaurants at some of the people in the audience recommended. I wish you could have seen this guy. It was a nice guy. I don't want to put him down. But here I get to the park on Saturday. I've just had all my tires slashed. I've been in the middle of this bizarre experience at pumpers knickers and I have no idea what that was all about. And I get to the park and here's this guy and he's just all over me about duff's. You know, why would anybody want to spend more than two seconds talking about duff's? And he kept sloshing his teeth around in a glass. What was this? Okay, next call to raise on a mobile phone. Hello. Yeah, you're doing now. Okay. I'm completely rewrested with everything you do. I don't know if that's good or bad, but I am. Anyway, get any bags of the restaurants. If you want to real good to take the pond, is it a life-wine next one? The pond? That's the pond in the pond. It's on day off of the village. It's from New York. It's actually in New York restaurants. It's down here. Yeah. Don't let her be here about that. I don't know. What can I tell you? But that is, I'm going to slide his face down, he's like a lot to down. And he's excellent. Ruth Chris, they have good state, but they are so inconsistent in three decades. How is there once? They took up over 300 hall of tea, of course the service was over there. Really? Really. What is their problem? I don't know. I mean, I'm much of a vinnanir about 10 times. Added to 10 times. The first thing good. I'm not going to say this, but the service is a trotist. Yeah. I mean, really a trotist. And back on a money. In other words, it's a nice place to visit, but you wouldn't want to eat there. That's right. If you want a good state, I'm telling you. I mean, you want to meet it. Nobody mentions the palm down here. Let's see, it's so far for me. I mean, I don't live anywhere near there. I live up in no man's land, at least right now. A few days I'm going to move again. I think I'm going to start moving every week. No, either in plantations. Really? And it's right to trip. Well, are you familiar with all these new developments like a low's Prado, Sonole's others, where you can't get in if you make over a certain amount of money because they're financed by bond money? Great. There are like dozens all the new places in plantation. If you make more than 48 grand a year, they can't rent to you. It's not enough of that you with now. Yeah. It's unbelievable. I mean, I never heard of such discriminating. I've heard of people who can't afford to live in a place because they don't make enough money. But whoever heard of being turned away because you make too much money. I can't believe it's a plantation city council. Yeah. Oh, yeah. All of them. About 90% of the new developments in plantation are like middle-class and they're not allowed to do that. But if you're not allowed to do that, you can't afford to do that. But if you're not allowed to do that, you can't afford to do that. But if you're not allowed to do that, you can't afford to do that. Well, what can I say? I got a place. I found a new one. Okay. Thanks a lot. I hope my landlord's listening to that. I don't even know if he's maybe he's left town. See, that just like this guy from Pumpernix. Can you believe we are leaving the park on Saturday at 2 o'clock? He comes by us in Christonic. The salesman rolls down to window and says, on our way back to Pumpernix, we'll meet you at your restaurant. Okay. He never comes back. He's like Charlie on the MTA. He never returned. You know, like he got on the metro rail or something and he can't get off. Like it's on her. He's on a revolving roller coaster and he can't get off. I show you how hyped up I am today. I've already crossed out the second break on my law. We haven't even done the first one yet. And I've already crossed out. Well, that's what happens when a ratings come out. You don't even get these as a wild numbers. And again, thanks to everybody out there for supporting a free speech and supporting this show. And I go through all that corny stuff every time. What can I say? This is a good show, you know? I can't help it. It just in some days. It's better than other days, some days like today. It's boring. But we can't do exciting shows every day. I want to thank especially. I feel like one of those people up there at the Emmys or the Oscars or the Golden Global Awards of those stupid things. Especially I want to thank Jean Stevens because I know, you know, how on the old bit was good and sunny Rosenberg and Intendol, or they helped a lot. But Jean O, without you and post time, you are saying, we could have never done it. Trust me. Okay, 20 minutes after 12 at WI and Z, that ought to make him have indigestion for the rest of the month. We'll come back right after this. The 1223 at WI and Z, and I just look at these numbers. And I realize it's probably an in thing, right? We don't want to get too in with these ratings because the audience doesn't care, right? They do? Alice mother cares. You know, the chief threatened to quit if they had me at Pumpkin X the other day. She's a waitress there and she threatened to quit. Shame on you. Mrs. Q. Anyway, I'm looking at the WI news numbers. Boy, followers and a lot of trouble. Do you know something they did pretty well in the morning? They did mediocre at night, put it down to a 4 9 at night. But wouldn't you think that the big drop would have been in the afternoon where the 8 million dollar man where we're a cane left? They had a 3 4. That's about what he gets all the time, right? The big drop over there was from 10 to 3 that's Alice and Lee. Major catastrophe there in the midday part. But the Craig, I guess, kept things up there. They have to know that's because the crowd that likes to have a positive in the afternoon. They turned in there from 3 to 7 because they want to hear only positive. They don't like all this knocking of our hosts. They know what it's like to go by royal castle and not have 25 cents to their pocket friends. Oh, friends, you don't know what I mean when I tell you this. I don't know what I mean because I don't know much of anything. I think what we need to say, Bill Wilbanks, Janet Reno and Alice Rubin on together. Wouldn't that be hell of a show? You notice that's the new kick now. Everybody's doing these crime shows and judge Bloom. We give him on the same panel. Over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. Boy, you think that the audience was in a coma six months to a year ago just wait if this trend continues in this market. Miami, hello. Hi, I need to go ahead. Okay. Congratulations for your rating. Thank you. You know that someone at 10 likes you? I know Ron Sachs likes me. He'd take all over me on the phone this weekend. I know. Friday he did, he commended you for your work with saving our first amendment rights. Yeah, that's what I heard. On the editorial. Yeah, he agrees with me wholeheartedly and then some. Yeah. Listen, I want to agree with one of your callers about the palm restaurant. Yeah. Oh, great. If you order the prime rib, it's excellent. Excellent. That melts in your mouth. Really? That good, huh? But you can use a butter knife on it to cut it. If you mungus, so it's about the size of a 12 inch over plate. Really? An expensive. That sounds pretty erotic. Yeah, and it's pretty expensive too. Okay. Well, price is no consideration. You know, when you're last of the big time spenders, I don't care about that. Yeah, but it takes your excellent there. And the service is excellent. Good. No problems. All right. That's all I just wanted to say. Because I didn't get to listen to you show on Saturday. Boy, you're lucky man. Trust me. You didn't miss a thing. You know, because that was too busy working. Good. Okay. Thanks a lot. Welcome. Okay. I hope a lot of people didn't hear the show on Saturday. Maybe they were all busy. I think so. You notice now the town is pretty well cleaned out. There's nobody here now. Spring break is over. Did you see that headline in the Sun Sentinel yesterday? I mean, is that pathetic or what? Oops. Oops. Fort Lauderdale powers that they are reconsidering. You know, like, won't you please come back. We're only kidding kids. We're only kidding. Go, Jeva sense the humor. Please come back and spend your money here. Like young people are that stupid right. They're really going to believe that. Okay. We have a couple of open lines. We have one in each county in date county. I have 2624 0191 and we have one open line and Broward at 764-0707. I have never been to a prostitute and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi, Neo. I was just taken by those birds in the background. I was great. I have five of them. I called. I'm a long time listener. and I have a friend B, we both listen to you. And we're under 100. And we're still living and breathing out here. There are some of us who are under 100 on Miami Beach. I love those birds. You know something to me, one of the most peaceful things is to go out like I was out in the side lawn here at the station on Friday, I think, I went out for a couple of minutes. And the birds were chirping out there and it was real quiet. Wouldn't you just like to get away and just sit and listen to that for about an hour or some day, just to come back down to earth? Yes, I was. Listen, I wanted to make a comment about this thing about the FCC. Yeah. There's no word about pop show hosts and people expressing opinions that happen to be a little too close to the truth. And they're not worried. I was watching 60 minutes last night and they have this guy who was sentenced to two life sentences. Who they pull back for eight years, the Austin Choker. The already. Oh yeah, they're not back. They're more women. Yeah. OK, they're so concerned about radio. They're not looking to protect the criminal rights. And they're so far off-day. Yeah. This man went out and choked two more women. Well, I think what they're hoping to do is that he'll run into the guy that they let out in California that they try to send a Florida and that he'll cut his arms off. I mean, it's just incredible. It's mind-boggling. They're just so misdirected. Yeah. And one other thing I wanted to say, like I said, we've listened to your show for quite a while. And it seems like the people like that man who got his steracle on the phone earlier, that you're listening to him before and to three categories. The ones that you speak to truth about get real upset. Then you have the ones that call you up and patronize you. And they get upset too, but they choose not to rent and rent on the air. Yeah, they rent and rent off the air. Right. And then they call you and say, oh, me, I think it's all wonderful. And then you have the middle of the road people that listen in astonishment, like my friend and I. And it's just unbelievable. We were thinking of going out there to see your show. And now I'm glad we didn't. It's a shame that you can't do remote shows. Here's a talk show host that's going to go out. And past tense. Well, what's going to go out and do shows and throw in comical music and be a little different. And it's a shame now. You can't do it because people have to act like animals. Yeah. It's just a shame. Well, what can I tell you? And then they complain because so many of the host is boring or they go to sleep listening to them. They get somebody who was a little lively and they spoil it. Well, they don't want too much. Why? They just want enough life to serve them a cornbeam sandwich and that's it. I guess so. With mayonnaise. OK. Well, listen, take care of yourself and take care of those birds. I will. I love them. Yeah, listen. Anytime you call, I'm going to know who it is. I'll give myself away by the bird. OK. See you later. OK. Bye bye. But to Luke Kron would go nuts in her house if he saw the bird seed, huh? Have you ever arrested those are marijuana seeds? I know what I can tell. It says, hearts mountain on the package. Maybe we could redo the bird seed episode on here. I guess that takes people back a long time. See, I have to get used to the fact that there are a whole lot of new people listening to this show. Thank goodness. And they don't know about any of that old good stuff from the days gone by, like my bird seed episode where people sent me in bird seed and they general manager thought there was a pot seeds. And that was bizarre. And it turned out he didn't have a pot to hiss in. Where we go next to sunrise, hello. Oh, Neil. How you doing? I'm fine. One of those under 100 people that are on my Neil Hallick. Good. At my finger start to twitch if I don't hear your voice between 10 and 2. And that could be a problem. Kind of like the Walter Kron Ice Syndrome, huh? Right. You know, one of the bad things about listening, and waiting on the phone as you can't turn down your some of your commercials that are annoying. Some of our commercials are annoying? Yeah. Well, that's true now that you mentioned it. I don't know who does that. They have a seven bell. Yeah. I don't know, but he must stutter thinking. Because they have to have S. The same question three times. Yeah. I don't know what the point is. Well, that's because they figure the audience in South Florida when they put the spots on another part of the country, they only ask it once. But they figure that people who are brain dead, so they have to keep repeating it over and over again. They've got a point, you know? Well, when I listen, I always hear commercials in TV to it. I like to talk back to the, you know, you know, you don't. What's the matter? You know, I guess people think I'm crazy to it. You know, I'm not the steering wheel or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. I yell at my steering wheel all the time. Oh, I was, I won't. Boy, this is from the S. Yeah. How long you think, how can keep saying now that he's the most listen to? Oh, yeah. That's interesting. I think everybody ought to, well, let's send out the WI and Z. Alert. I think that since the numbers are out of having right in my hand is a matter of fact that tomorrow morning at nine, if W. snooze has the audacity to play that ridiculous cart about the brand-telling software does most listen to talk show host that people are to immediately get on the phone and let them really have it. Well, you know, let's have a little, little truth in promos and truth in show introsely. Didn't they, uh, didn't you beat him? Uh, last reading? Yes. How could he keep saying? Well, because Lee Fowler and the truth are strangers. I mean, you know, they have never met, but this time it's so it's so glaring. I mean, it's not even in the same ballpark. Well, I don't know. So if they say it tomorrow again, somebody got to really let them have what for. I also wondering if you heard any stuff, anything back from the people you sent the, uh, the so far information out of their cities and, uh, not yet. Expect you if you've gotten any, uh, responded all. I mean, well, locally we have, but, you know, it's a little too soon. I hope this week we're going to start hearing from around the rest of the country. Okay, Neil. We just, we just started sending him out last week. Okay. Speaking of rest of the market, look at this. Keith Allen of Love 94 is calling because he knows Glenn Hills not here. Keith? Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. I got your invitation to your, uh, May 16th. Bash. Right. I can't make it because I'm going to be an LA for a wedding, but I'll be there and spirit and I've got your, uh, your petition. I'll be sending it around. Great. I, um, was listening to the fellow from the FCC and I thought it was one of the more frightening things. I've heard on the radio in a long, long time, especially the part where he was talking about not only are they worried about the actual content, but the inferences that the audience may pick up, right. The audience may be thinking a certain way and they can ascertain the FCC figures. They can ascertain what the audience may be thinking. I think we're in real dangerous ground when we have federal organizations like that, going around stouting nonsense like that. Um, it's like if you read the grapes of wrath by John Steinbeck. Yep. And you might read it and say, well, that's a nice book about the, uh, the Oki's fleeing the dust bowl of the 20s and 30s. And another person may read it and say, no, that's not about that. It's about that, but it's actually about, uh, the resiliency of the human spirit against insurmountable odds. Now, which is it about? It's up to the individual, right? Right. And nowhere does John Steinbeck write. This book is about this that, and the other, through his creativity, he expresses an idea or a feeling that comes through without him directly saying it. And if they're going to start messing with that, uh, they're, they're tampering with something that I think separates us from the lower life forms on this planet. Well, you got to understand it. Most of the lower life forms of the planet are in government. And especially at the FCC, once you get up to Washington, that's, you know, about his lowest, you can go. Why is that? Well, I don't know. I think they just gravitate toward it. I don't know. I don't understand. I just thought, I've got comforts article with, uh, very good. Well, sensational. He's a working at the Hellendale Digest now, by the way. Okay. I'll call you back when Glenn isn't there. Ha ha ha ha. So Glenn's okay. Say a little bit of him for me. Are you serious? Yeah. That's why. No, I'm only kidding. I'm just baiting you a little bit here. I don't know. I mean, you guys worked together for a long time, didn't you? I've known Glenn else since 1973. Well, that's a long time. That's long enough to have a lot of disagreements. That's, that's true. We have more than our share. Okay. We're best in, uh, do whatever you can for us. Okay, Neil. Thanks, Keith. Okay. Keith Allen there. Gloves 94. How did they do in the book by the way? Oh, we got a caught her in Boca who's paying. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay. How you? Great. Relations on your rating for me. Thank you. Thank you. It's sort of titillate me if I could say that about this, um, first amendment, right? Because I just started listening to you about a month ago. And I've just got, I've done no that much about the constitutional behavior on that. So without got some encyclopedias and reads through it, I found a part on the FCC commission in a federal government. Yeah. So I called them up down at the Miami office, asked about the one line that reads the commission also regulates radio and television stations without censorship authority. And he's asked around it with saying this. And he got me a little upset. So I called him, uh, one of your favorites, the subhuman douche bag and he goes, oh, if you're with that rod, you're with that rod. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's great. That's really funny. And he's automatically in his eyes. I have a frontal abotomy and that's it for me. Yeah. That's great. What else are caught about? What's going on May 16th? Conducting listening in and out the last week. And so well, I'll be honest with you. It's going to change a little bit. But May 16th, we're going to have a big rally on this. Well, not a rally. And I want to use that word. But we're going to have a panel of people from radio in the market and Bill Tanners going to be here. And obviously somebody from Luz94 will be here because Keith can't be. And a couple of other folks. And we're going to really try to get all kinds of people involved in this thing and circulate petitions. We're going to do it right here at the station. Oh, you. And that's it to state. You're going to do it at the station because I'd come down there. Good. That's on Saturday, May 16th. 16th year of station. And we're going to have a lot of security here. We're going to have a 75 Marines here with Uzi submachine guns. Some of them. They're happy friends or no, no, some of my friends. OK. I said it for my petitions. I've already got permission outside of public, which I'm going to set a little table up there for one Saturday. They're going to let me. I'm going to have a bug in this. Excellent. It gets some and brings down for you. It's good deal. Thanks a lot. We appreciate it. Bye-bye. OK. 22 before one at WI and CNU. Don't forget, don't let this thing drag those of you. And I know that the overwhelming majority we still haven't sent an even just your envelope. But we also want you to send in those checks for so far. Make them out to SOFAR so far along with your stamp self at rest envelope. The blend is he's hiding. OK, let's do our commercial break and we'll drag him out of the closet during the break. If any more news, wait. 18 before one at WI and CNU. So tell me to keep Alan really have one at small. He gets so upset when I blend. I know that he wants room to keep Alan true. And he had the smallest unit. He had ever seen in his line. I didn't say that. Yes, you did. I liked the way it sounds, but I didn't say it. Don't get me into any more trouble today. All right. That goes in and going through the mail. Some haste mail here. It's a good thing. We have it. It's always from the same people. Oh, by the way, here's an advance on your, uh, this goes to three dollars. Very nice. Thank you. That's the way it sounds. It's Howard Rosenberg. And North Miami, Howard says, here's an idea for a great promotional bumper sticker for my show. Neal Rogers is right. And that's great. That is good. But then he goes on to say, your show Saturday morning with Kathy Ernie was very funny. Oh, boy. So, uh, that's what is that guy, no, right? That was past Saturday show. Yeah, it was embarrassing. Oh, boy. Boy, it was embarrassing. I don't think it was that bad. I really don't think it was that bad. I think you're being pretty hard. Okay, let's find out folks was to show that bad or what? We do have one open line in date. If there's a guy that split my tires, six, two, four, oh, oh, one nine one. Oh, look at this. Here's another newsletter from Nancy Dale to instructor at KETV Miami, Killy and Senior High. It says the students were very enthusiastic about being invited on a live broadcast at WI and Z. I was thinking to bring that group. Oh, yeah. Yeah, because I missed them. Well, I didn't miss them. I wish you would bring that group of kids back in here, what? I'd never get home. I'd have my own little bus, the magic bus. I just go through the mail folks. So if you're busy doing something else, you know, just go right ahead, don't mind us. So you really don't like Keith Allen, how tell us about it? Um, Keith was very instrumental in my firing at Love 94. Oh, really? Well, he's going to be good. He used to work for me when I was a PD. So you knew there was some friction. Yeah. How long did he say he knew me since 1973? That's right. He said too long. We had a two day, they had a two foreign this book. Yeah. Sounds flat. Sounds flat to me. Like your music. Yeah, a two one in the morning, a two six two two and a three all a two two and afternoon drive pretty weak. Is that right? Definitely. Oh boy. And a three o at night is all with the jazz. Oh my god. Yeah, I think that's a big mistake. They're not happy over there. Some old bag just called up said, Glen Hill is bad. Oh boy. Oh, I'm going in here. I'll give him a last year. He's just casting. And all he does is talk about other radio stations and where he used to work. Why could he go out and get a job himself? We don't want to hear that douchebag. We want to hear a nail. We want to hear something really interesting and educational. Oh, by the way, look at this. We've got the Bruce Singer has said a thing for petitions. Can you believe that? All right. I always like Bruce a lot. You know? I mean, just because he's a jerk is nothing to get upset about. Okay, we got her be, her be from Hell and Dale. Hello. Yes, the nail is her. I'm the first one they called you to get about the same thing. Yeah, I remember you were in the summer of 42, her be. When you're three, I'm very sorry about your bad experience. At that time I was running around in a little room for big daddy to write down love with and make sure to love the guy. You love everybody. Definitely. I took my family there once and once for dinner and there are five of us. And we found it very good. But I didn't call you because we're that. I'm calling you because of puppy fields. Thirty night. I don't know if you heard about it or not. No, I never hear about anything on the car. I don't know if you look at the AT and boy, was she mad at you? What did I do to her now? Do we sound off because she claims you're not some people to respect you? I did. And that's a bit wrong. Especially that more on Jack McDermott. Why shouldn't I? Okay. I was a bit of a puppy because I can't fall. People's ready. Well, she'll do it for a minute about two seconds. And at the time, you'll the Davis call them. You'll the rat in there? Yeah. No, go to Davis. He's a widow of Benny Davis who will fall or she. Oh yeah. Yeah, about 80 years ago, yeah. I knew them. Years ago, they're great. And Ronby players. They put down a number. Well, that's from the road. John, no, Joe back in 19. I guess tomorrow will be Johnny Johnston. Go there. Oh, that's a great one. Yes. That's a good one for you. He thinks you're doing it? I tell that pepper to stuff, would you? Oh, I thought you'd have thought I'd tell you. Another thing. Hey, yeah. You're bold. By the way, we played with you. Tape that show. We have a tape of part of what pepper he had to save you. And I want to, do you want to hear it? And you want to wear it, why not? Okay, listen. I have never been to a prostitute. And I am not for him. Ever been in homosexual. Oh, oh. Are you serious? Is that incredible? From Peppy Fields No Lays. Boy, she getting paranoid or what? And another thing, you're so right. I'm not pushing my chin to rest in the opposite. You did this morning from Wendell, I've been to Wendell. Oh, about two months ago, because your favorite left was so crowded. And I saw him on me. Yeah. I think it's a tip of point in my life. I know. That will be right of bitch. It's a label. That would have laser on a bagel for 95. I complained to a manager and said, well, I have what it is. Dr. And then they, yeah, understood what life came about. She was a drug artist. How they stand there, I'll never know. And one more thing, I've been listening to your tapes. If your friends are done, I don't think I would like to take all of their shoes. But he talks shy in your shoes. And never, well, for the right price, he could. I can't quit working in the morning, just listen to you. I'll be your witness for my good. I can't keep it up, sir. You keep it up. And give Peppy my best. I never go and thank you. Okay. He recalls him, but I was strange. He quit working to listen to this show. Of course. By the way, don't bring any more Howard Stern tapes. Okay. It was good in the beginning, but it's like creating a Frankenstein's monster. You know, what? What? What is enough? Yeah, I know. But I, he's funny. He's great. He's making a lot of money. But I'm bored with him already. I quit bringing him to you. It's other people then. Good. Given him. Oh, by the way, you'll be pleased to know. Caltre found your tape. What? Isn't that incredible? Where was it? I don't want to tell you. Yeah. You might not want to touch it for a long time. You know, which one should we do? The one in four, Lodderdale, who's had a long way. Hello. How are you doing? I thought I had to find you something. The other evening that got a better one on the set. See, see, nothing. Yes, sir. And they're excused. I was looking after a couple of kids, seven years old, and I years old, and they brought up this subject to bad language. And that sort of thing, probably because of the media coverage, you see. And that turns out both of them, you all, the seven words, and then some. You know? And then I thought, well, let's see what the kids today were, whether they use the words or a lot. I know I did when I was a youngster. And I asked them, maybe you use them a lot of the school. And the eldest kids said, oh, yeah, all the time. And then the seven-year-old said, let me go. Made me think. He said, yeah, of course, you've got to watch out language you've front of adults. That's right. I don't want to hear that. They don't want to corrupt the morals of their parents. But as soon as the kids walked in, all the adults are so right. You know, we've got to cut out the language. And the kids are using the same language, and as soon as it's parents were at the store and at our walks, you know, they've got to stop the language as well. Right. I think it's about time they all got together and swore each other. No. Hey, well, blends that. Glenn Ho. Isn't Glenn that? Glenn Miller. He just came in. He heard the K.T. call it as mentioned. Yes, Glenn. I've put I heard him in the background as well. Yes, he's making gutter roll noises in the background again, him. Yeah. He figures the book is out, so he's safe today that they would leave me alone no matter what I do now. I'm going to great mood today around here. Who is all the management? Well, what did they integrate? I did it. Not single handedly news did well. Yeah. I've talked that did, you know, not great. It okay. But where was the big bubble on this thing here? Huh? Right on this show, folks. Yeah. That was what I predicted. I predicted the six, two. They're all the management people are walking around. Hey, we're geniuses. Hey, look at us, man. We got to fight. We got to seven in midday. They didn't do what I can't say that. What does that numbers mean anyway? You're not seven means nothing to me. I did not work. Well, a good number in midday would be a four. That would be a real good number. But then a four people are listening for that. Four people are listening in the post office. Yeah. Exactly. How did it work? Now that they get out of the way. Oh, it's complicated. They hand out diaries. And like Anne Frank once got one. They just, you know, that's the way it works. The diaries to who? They hit out to, I don't know, to people they find at 711 and quarter bookstores and the Delph bookstores. I don't know. I want to ever off me. Well, listen, you'll be next time, sir. Trust me. Okay. Well, listen, hang in there. And thanks for your whatever that was. Okay. Fine. I'm going to go back and work on the melt and the mail. That's in today. Why? Just because a woman called an ripped you now. No. No. No. You can't you Glenn. No. The other reason I came in here was to upset Keith Allen. You know that. Was it really as small as you said or he just said you're ready man. I'll tell you if he's still listening. He's going to be embarrassed. All he's listening. Glenn held up two fingers. You know, like about an 18th of an inch of part. Of course, the real question is how did you know that's another interesting question. Keith, you know I never said that. Yes, he did. No. Was it bigger than that? Okay. We've got, I'm going to leave now. Somebody in the Olympia Heights post office. Maybe you can get a box over there. Hello. Yes. It didn't be uncomfortable for the protocols. Good. I just got a few minutes. I want to comment about your show on Saturday. It was horrible. Right. I think it was embarrassing for you. And it was embarrassing for the industry. It was embarrassing for me. It was embarrassing for the station. It was embarrassing for all of mankind. I don't know. It wasn't well planned. Terrible. No. It was just a mess. It was a malange of mong. It was a mucus membrane. I just had lunch, cool it. Oh, sorry. I like your pieces there with, oh, you're, yeah. She said that. I like your, I'm about your part. Glenn Hill, they, his latch is knocked off my chair. I think it's so funny. He likes me. I, I, I, I make Glenn a couple of times. I did deliver, uh, love 94 on, um, I know for Andy Beach. Yeah. I'd be a carrier there for a period of time. Oh, yeah. Here are your of watchers. I'm sure you sound like it. You sound like one of those people who goes around breathing on the mail. I'm, uh, my last name is Mung. Really? Anyway, um, I, uh, I, uh, I, I, I, I, I want to, I want to, uh, when you, uh, I call me to comment about someone you're advertising and I have to agree with him. Well, we don't discuss responses. Or that's what put puts the corn flakes on the table. I, 80% of it is really bad. I didn't, well, we don't care. As long as they're going to pay for it. We don't care. But listen, have a good day and put the stamp in a right place. Will you please? Right. Okay. By the way, we just had a call as a matter of fact, the keyfallen was very upset. Just called the newsroom back and this is what part of what Keith had to say about your intent remarks. I have never been to a prostitute and I am not, or had ever been in homostector. Okay. It's, I don't know about the first part. Well, 54. Oh, come on. 1254. W-I-N-Z. Number one half on AM radio. By the way, the W-I-Q-Y. You'd have this enormous number in the morning. What are they doing? A Mexican tap dance in the morning or something over there? That calls for an investigation. Don't miss the 30%. Okay. Four minutes before one at W-I-N-Z again, our sincere thanks to Jean Steven's for making it all possible. We have a collar on a pay phone. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? My wife left town with a banana. No, no. Honestly, God. During your last quarter of breaks, not this one, but about 20 minutes. The guy has to come off the current place to tell you. I can't believe it. Are you serious? That's the guy. I couldn't believe that. That is the lowest. I mean, that's even lower than his rating. I stayed around a list of what was going on to the song ended. To see, like, you know, if you was going to credit you with, you know, playing first, but of course not. I think that Joe Johnson guy was on there and there discussing his great numbers, I guess, on the... His great numbers, what did they do have a magnifying glass? They could have been looking at one of two things. One quick question. How is 60 cycles sandies rating over that? 2.4. How's that? Is that average? That's a very weak, very weak. Same as Al's. Old ACB down by about 300 people per average quarter hour, but really tragic. I just needed the hop off the road real quick to say that. Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Is that the... I mean, I'm about ready to go nuts. I don't own that record. I mean, it's obviously, you know, it's, in fact, Alan Paris, the general manager of Channel 4, he sent me that. He sent me a tape of all of these novelty songs. But I mean, my god, the... To be so blatant to be so... I mean, I hope Fowler comes on today for two hours and just goes nuts. And of course, by now he's had a good chance to look at the books. So if you were he, you would go nuts, right? Boy, I mean, that's just a shameless, Alice. Shameless, shameless, shameless. Can't believe it. It's enough to make me want to go to Pumpernix for lunch. Okay, Michael, if he's here, I'm going to go in a hall and make guttable sounds. I'm pulling every plant out of the atrium during the newsbreak. I really am. I can't stand it. And when we come back, I'm playing everything in a whole rack in the next hour, even stuff that's not my material. If you'd like to call Neil, down 764-0707 in Broward, or 64-191 in date. And now, here again, is Neil Rogers. 107 and Wins, we have a call to our little Havana this hour. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Plain is Tardis. When I started, I'm one of your Cuban friend listeners. Great. I was there at Pumpernix and at C.V. Smith Park. Oh, boy. My God, do you have to take that crap a lot? Often, there's a stuff you took at a Pumpernix? Never again. Never again. And you notice it's always these old men, these pathetic old men with a big, you know, two in spaces between their teeth and the red, you know, right in the face, like they're going to have a stroke. They're about a half a dozen of them. They just taught me everywhere. So the ones that migrate from the north, no? Yes. It was awful. I mean, I was like from the northeast. I was thinking, you know, I sort of envy talk show host because I say, wow, you know, let me call this money for doing nothing. Oh, yeah. My God, if you take that, very often, I hate it now worth no matter how much you make. I mean, that guy was he was beyond Appleplac. See, I really was concerned that he was going to have a heart attack. He was just screaming and yelling and then he kept chewing on that free day nation. The guy was just nuts. And the crappy thing is the hypocrisy is that these are the people that want to ban 730 words. Yeah, he was letting some loose, and nobody ever heard before. I sort of almost had to throw my kids back in the car when I heard that. Yeah. It turned on the radio, listened to something clean. But, you know, I like to acknowledge you for you, you know, putting yourself out there and doing what you do. I enjoy the parks, you know, I at least I got a little son and a lot of us stay indoors because everything is dead from the brain, down in this place. Yeah, you said it from the brains to the toes. So when we find something that will bring us out there, I usually appreciate it no matter what it is, because at least it gets you out there. Well, that's true. Now, the crowd was good. It was just that it was chaotic. And nobody could hear anything and everybody was, I don't know. I just was lost. I think any chance that I had to do anything useful out there died when my tires got flattened. You know, at that point, it was like the whole rest of the day for me was going to be a disaster. And it was. Well, he probably whoever did have the guilty conscience right now. No, no, he's told it. Well, yeah, he should have a guilty conscience for one reason. No, no, no, no, no. He's told it. Well, yeah, he should have a guilty conscience for one reason. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. It really sucks. Okay, that's a good way of saying it. Okay, Neil. See you later. Thanks a lot. Alice! Oh, that Joe Johnson man. He turned it out to be an Alice liquor. White flip down by the banana. Hello, I'm rotten, do you? Found that Joe, devil, hiding in her purse. He's cold in his heart. But he's got a peo. I hope it never happens to you. You, some free break, you're married into my wife's lifetime, my wife, a banana, my baby, stiff and away. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. I am a jealous man. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. I have never been to a prostitute, but I am really sad. Let me just say one thing. Tomorrow, I know Alice must be listening. Our guest is going to be Mary Jokeiro. How do you like that? And then I wedged a doctor, Ben Dova. Will show you a thing or two, baby. Who did you say is online? I couldn't hear you, I was just so engrossed. Many for Nandis, Marlon Bailey. Oh, Marlon Bailey, I remember him as he on two. Marlon. Oh, that sounds like that's at the Marlon Beach. What happened to him? He disappeared? Okay, we will get back to him later. Margate, hello. This is Plash Gordon from Margate and Bosch. Yes, sir. Do you remember me? Flash a washer. Ah, no, I saw a Saturday. And I donated a floral plant that I made for the, of course. And we sold it two or three times. We thank you very much. I left early and I'd like to know what happened. Did you sell it to finally? Yeah. Well, actually we sold it for, I think, 55. And we said, okay, we're going to give it back and sell it again. And then a woman paid 45. And she wanted to do the same thing. We said, now, we'll just be, you know, please take it. Because you really liked it, you know. That's wonderful. So we got a hundred dollars for it. Hello. Listen, what I wanted to tell you, I met your service. Anytime you have another, not in the park, but another raffle. I'll donate another beautiful one. Thank you. We appreciate it. I'm making one right now. I was a matter of fact, we can do that out here on May 16th. May 16th. Yeah. Where at the station? Right here at WINZ. Okay, you can count on me. Thank you, Flash. And don't park your car. You park your car in Boston, not in Florida. No, I'm going to start walking to work from now on. Okay, listen, I'm glad you made out pretty good. And thank you very much. Thank you, Flash. Okay, bye. One 13 in WINZ. We have an open line in Broward, 764-0707. Glenn Hill and one of our volunteers are stuffing away in the WINZ kitchen right now. And there have another one of those Zeta for staff meetings in the bathroom. It's incredible. They're just all jammed in their Jeff Chase and all of those people. Peter Bulger, they're all jammed into the John. It's a John Jam. Pembroke Pies. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. Is this your watchers? Thanks, though. I want to have an update on the Pumperniks or deal. What happened out there? How do you rate the restaurant? How do I rate the restaurant on a scale of what? Yeah, zero to 10. Minus infinity. Really? Did you have a problem inside the restaurant or outside the restaurant? I didn't hear. I was. Yeah, somebody flattened all four of my tires there. Did you get them fixed? Yeah, I got them fixed. Did they have to come out there? We had a tow truck come out there and I had a pay for it in the station reimbursement. Oh, they got your car fixed, though. Where was it towed to the capital far? Yeah. How far? About to the Everglades. Oh, really? But, uh, like. This sounds like a set up call from Pumperniks to me. No. You sure are there. You're sure eating that place if you paid. Well, good. And be honest with it. That's what everybody else has said. Now, I didn't need anything. They didn't have anything to tell me that. And what's the name of Greenouchy to be able to understand what that seems like that? Well, I just went at Tuesday when I threw up a gun at the identifying firewood. But, I saw their gun moved somewhere just before it arrived. Listen, they gave me a bunch of guns to bringing new guns down there, because somebody got a767 gun. Where did they buy the name from? From Pomp or from Pomp or next, they just paying for the name. So they're putting us we how and deal to this place. Are you, is that what it's like? I never thought about that. And now that's like if we go to this store, it's not going to be like how and deal. No, on me. No. So worse. Victor from Pemba Pines to go back down the how and deal. Don't forget Century Village is right up the street. Well, Century Village could stay up there, but we're saying, we stay in How and deal where we can steal this wheat low. Yeah. But go up to how and Pomp or next in the pine. If I were you, I would stay in How and deal for a like a long time. You know what? I think she's been here too long myself. Don't you? Strange. Well, that was strange. She must be one of those data call, or she was on heavy duty drugs, huh? Yeah, man. She's been rubbing that acid on her wrist or something. 1116 at WI and Z, we have an open line in Broward, 764, O707, and let's go to Coconut Grove and take our lives in our hands. Hello? Hello? Yes. Hi. This lady, uh, or she was funny, then Tammy has to tell me, maybe? She was, she was funny, then, uh, Tammy McCalm. Uh, you would think that at least the PTO, they would have enough money to buy Tammy, uh, make up consult. I have never been to a prostitute, and I am not, or have ever been in homosexual. Please stop playing on a camera. I can't stop laughing. Okay, sir. I have to thank you about, uh, did you give him to the restaurant, Diva? And a place there where there was something you food last week? Yeah. Very nice restaurant. Yes, it is. We've been there. Well, it's so, I see, I'm not anywhere near there. That's like way in South Miami. Wait on, yonder and New Orleans. Very good. I was there last week. That's what everybody says, and I know the food that they sent me that Feta Chini for that was something special. Service is a little slow. They've got to get into it. Yeah. Food was very, very cheap. Two people with a bottle of wine for $40. Really? Really? Very full. Excellent. Wanna go to a place with good service? Please. Got a lot of ranchers for a steak. Most ranchers? That's the place out in the sweet water that's owned by the... Oh, yeah. I'm ready to go into sweet water, right? Yeah. With a banjo on my knees, sir. Place that's owned by, uh, the, um, which is in the guy with from the Sandinistas, uh, cover, uh, the Pralera. Colero. Colero. The other guy, uh, the guy who they killed in Mexico. Oh, John Broward. Service there at Los Ranchers is very good and the steak is very good. Good. Well, the chances of my eating in sweet water, although maybe the mayor will want to eat with me out there. The one who's a big fan of mine. The great steak. Yeah. The service, I mean, if they don't do well, they ship them back out to fight the contras. Great. That's good. Well, that's why they're losing. Yeah. Food down here at Miami General was bad. It sucks. I mean, it really does. The food in this town is so bad. And, you know, here I've been trying to watch my weight a little bit, and I've been slipping behind a little, but so I'm not trying to go out and eat three gigantic meals a day. But on those occasions when you do want to go, for example, on the weekend, you'd like to have at least something really good. Well, the thing is is that I can find one restaurant in each category. Yeah. I feel is okay to go to. But there's not like a whole lot of restaurant. And when you live in West Broward, well, I'm going to tell you it is really grim. I mean, it is desperate. You have to make the only restaurant I know. Actually, I don't know anything up there. No, there is nothing. I invoke it as a good restaurant. See, people in the audience keep calling in making them up to try to make me feel better. They make up names. Uh, except for the piece of place, uh, for Coventies. Recoven's good, but that's not a day where near me. And how much pizza can you eat? That's what my point was this morning. If you don't want Chinese and you don't want Italian, you might as well forget it. Right. But basically that's true. Yeah. Given the Chinese down here is so good. Well, some of it. I've only found one or two that's anything. You know, we're feeding it all. Well, I don't want to get into your personal life here, but listen, have a great day. And take care of yourself. What was he talking about sex with the Chinese or something? That was strange. Boy, Mau would have been upset about that, huh? One night, teen. Chinese, by the way, I've got some real hangups about that. Even the ones who've been here for a long time, you know that? Because their culture is so, um, they're just locked into these certain, in fact, used to be before they started finding them for making more than one baby. It used to be that they spent all their time eating rice and making babies. That's all that they did. And you should have seen where they were eating the rice from. And where that expression, rice paddy came from? Huh? I wonder if that's like a patty melt. Or a patty wagon. Can you believe that Alice played that? What is wrong with you, Oliver? What are you burping over here? I'm not burping. Now he's going to do the Howard steering grips. I can't believe he's been all right. I just brought you another stack of hate mail. A stack of, oh yeah, a small stack. Oh, that's good boy. That means we'll get a 20 in the next book. I mean, the seven was nice books, but we want to double the audience by the next book. That'll say they spaker something. He's still all be able to settle, but he played. I'll see that. I'll have to tell with the banana. Alps, I'll play the Alice played my wife left town with the banana. Can't be seen that Alice liquor. Joe Johnson is over there bringing him all of my material now. Well, it's after one. There we have. Of course. What do you think I'm talking about in the book? We had one of our wind spies called us and said they played in the 1240. Well, I know for a fact that I turned Joe on. Next to be playing a Michael Jackson Glovespot. Maybe they already did today. No one called about that. I don't know. Boy, do you play it after this break? Okay. Hello. This is Michael Jackson. Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease. Don't risk your life by having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar court. I urge you to do like I do. Go at alone. But make sure you wear protection. That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson Gloves. When I either hand the Michael Jackson Gloves, add the security and peace of mind that I need to do it. So remember, before you throw it out, put it on. Then. Well, Michael Jackson Glove. Moving once again that a bird on the hand is better than one in the bush. A battle of the encyclimumital school, extra stimulation. I hear that Joe's working on a new one. It's called the Michael Jackson Tongue. It's a 25 past one at WI and Z. You're not going to leave some of the mail. Neil, I agree with you 100%. And I would like for you to send me a petition. By the way, I'm 14 years old and I have heard and have used those seven words frequently. Hmm, a couple of stains on the paper. Also, wait till you hear this. They're darker color stains on this paper. Mr. Rogers, while I've never wasted my time listening to you. I was told if you don't like what your listeners say. You hang up. Well, you can't do that to me. If you're afraid or too guilty to read on, I'll never know. And I couldn't care less. It's odd you like to dish out what you want. Anything for a shock value, but don't like to listen. Now this again, she's never listened to the show. She wouldn't waste the time. I suggest if you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen, your boss's must be hard to do. You can't do that. I'm not going to say that. You can't do that to me. If you're afraid or too guilty to read on, I'll never know. And I couldn't care less. It's odd you like to dish out what you want. Anything for a shock value, but don't like to listen. You can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen. Your boss's must be hard up to keep a fat-slob bastard like you on their payroll. You are a disgrace to humanity. If I couldn't do a better job, I'd resign. But then I have character and I'm a real journalist. And you can tell that by the language like the fat-slob bastard is very good. I feel sorry for the persons who tune you in, but then all our morons are not on radio talk programs. I'll... Something... I'll wager you don't have the guts to show this to the management. Cowards usually don't have guts to face the truth. I shant or that may all I shant. This must be a real... This must be from Motafi, huh? Oh, I bet she went to Smith College. She's still green. No, she was wonderful. It's Smith College. I used to roam with a spell. And in our spare time, we used to inspect each other's private parts. So it was wonderful. And in fact, we had a lot of spare time. So I stellar my group quite close over the years. It's Smith College. And I guess some of her genius rubbed off on me. Just a matter of speech friends, of course. Anyway, she goes on to say I shant include my address because just in case you'd have the good manners, which I doubt to answer me, I really would not care to hear from you. A spell green, P.S. As I read this, I can just hear you say I'd like to get my hands on her such nerve. But you are just a type to take a swipe. I was talking to one of these psychologists. One of the psychologists at the university and you say you must not have been used to anything in your youth. And now that you do what you do, it makes you feel important. I feel the same way. As the letter goes on, it becomes more illiterate. Are you passing a certain... From a spell green in the audience. Well, a spell we know you're listening right now. And even though Tappy can't be there with you to inspect your private parts and give you certain types of stimulation, I'm sure that getting your name on a radio is given you the biggest thrill that you've had in years. Probably done more good for you than a good coffee animal would do. You miserable, pathetic old bag. Isn't that great? I mean, the idea that somebody would take time to write a letter like that who has never even listened. Right, and we're supposed to believe that? She's a bigger liar than Lee Fowler. South Miami, hello. Neil. Yes. Beautiful program today. You were right about Saturday. It had to turn radio off. It was so bad. Transject. I got a couple of... I got a couple of acronyms for you. It's too late for one. I agree with you so far, 100% but this thought came to me. So I thought I'd pass it on. Instead of save our first amendment, right? Grant our first amendment, right? To talk. Can you get that? Geo. You know, go. FAA. Yeah, we're right. Go far. Yeah. To talk. With two teas, right? Okay. Then another one. The federal communications commission. They're not really in charge of communications. They're destroying it. So I would call them the federal uncommunications commission. Yeah. And you know, if you pronounce that one, what it comes up? We have very good. Sir, I got you all the way. In fact, I wanted to have a bumper sticker that said, Do I dare spell us on here? No? Or look at him. He's just all of a sudden. It's like 130 already. We're almost finished and he's getting cows getting real nervous. Why can't I spell it? It wasn't going to be, it had no K in it. Well, wait a minute. I'll tell you what. I'll type it out and we'll see if you think I can spell it. Okay. Here it is. Can I spell that? No? That would be a good bumper sticker, wouldn't it? I mean, with Kerry, it's after each letter. Not with the. Okay. Okay. That's the end of the party. Kyle said that's it. Okay. I have a name. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I had an acronym too. It was so far, so bad, but I can't say it over the area. You can think of what's so bad. So far. But listen, I'm over here with 45 of your petitions. Right. And I took water them to the pieceaw convention at the bottom blue on Saturday night. They had 4,000 English teachers. The C-saw convention. The pieceaw means teachers of speakers of other languages. Yeah, so I remember that from Smith College. Yes. They had 4,000 English teachers. I, we, we got a slate of the petitions thought out. Wonderful. I sent a view, but here is the crux of the thing. There were a great many of them who would not sign. Why not? Because there, there is may right wingers in the teaching profession is there. And you were else. Oh, sure. And when you stop the thinking, Neil, that we have people who preach the language, but not sign a first amendment petition. That's where we're going. You bet. This country. And listen, why go off a couple of questions. This came up and I'd like to ask you several people asked if it is not true. In order for the petitions to be valid that they had to write their full address. No, no. No, no. This is not a legal binding petition. That would only be if we were a petition. For example, if we were a petition to put something on a ballot. But that's not the kind of petition we're doing. That's a volume petition. No, it's sufficient to put down the city of where they reside. You bet. Okay. Am I last thought? I'd like to ask that. I have been my compulsion for years. That the existence, the very existence of the FCC on the face of it is unconstitutional. Because the first amendment says, Congress shall make no law. Right. A bridging freedom of speech. The FCC is instituted by Congress. Therefore, how can that agency have any authority to pull this sort of stunt? And why hasn't somebody in your business before now brought a test case on the legitimacy of the FCC as an agency? All the way to the Supreme Court to see if that thing could be completely knocked out of the government? Well, the reason they haven't done it is because nobody wants to lose their license. But I understand what you're saying. I agree with you. And in terms of this, the FCC should be a bookkeeping agency. They should monitor technical things. And they should monitor sales of radio stations. And to make sure that responsible people are buying them, which of course is a joke when's that going to start. And that should be it. That's as much authority as they should have. They should absolutely know authority over content or language whatsoever. I know. I've heard the rationale. The rationale is that the public airways are limited and therefore they're. Ah, that, you know, that's the biggest issue. Oh, you know, that's the big envelope. Look, the marketplace limits the number, you know, this jerk that call me last week and call Taffy with the same phone call about what anybody can start a newspaper. The economics of each community and of the country automatically limit the number of newspapers that can financially exist. So the idea that, you know, we can have 50 daily newspapers in the city of Miami is ludicrous. So there is, there's certainly much more from monopoly when it comes to the print media than there is the broadcast media. That's true. And yet there is no regulation at all on what they can print of them, the libel law. That's the only law that inhibits them to print any damn thing that they want. Absolutely. Okay. Well, I'll let you get onto another caller. Okay. Thanks a lot. We appreciate that. I work over at Miami date. Work campuses. I've posted two petitions in our department. We're trying to get them around all four campuses. Great. We appreciate your help. Okay, Neil. Thanks a million. I would thank two that, and maybe we've heard from them. And I don't know because I'm not going through the mail. I don't know if they're just too much of it and the volunteers are. But WVUM at the University of Miami and the Miami date station that FIU has a station and even Killing in high. Then we get that nice letter from those good looking kids at Killing in high. Certainly they ought to be involved in this too, right? Yes. You bet. Especially Killing in high. I think we should talk to the executive. Exactly. They ought to be the volunteers. They ought to be coming over here right now and stuffing envelopes and anything else I can get their hands on. Okay. And of course the grace is going to be our guest tomorrow here on WI and Z. It's 26 before 2 at WI and Z. I keep saying those callators over and over again. Boy, Dave Housley would be so proud. So when I was growing up at Smith College, he's a young, neutral, legal. We used to have just a wonderful time reading all the classics. And when we would get to the really filthy parts, that's when all of us girls would giggle and tither relax. But in today's more dignified society, I don't believe that this kind of language belongs on the radio. There are two Miami cops with a hot-to-beats. There are the streets fighting cry. They pop, and they can't face air. They can't handle air. They can't handle air. They can't handle air. They can't handle air. They can't handle air. We get a problem. The grey ganes are to grow a little trace. But centered in that the group has seen your citizens who weren't around trying to get the early birds special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them! Dance and tell them nothing to clean out this tree. Hey, lady, you can't cross the area. You'll have to cross in the line. Yeah, and they're determined to clean up the scum. All right, so stir your inner ran. Oh so now you're arresting my wife. What's the chance? Searching about her. I'm gonna first, let's see that white stuff. And just a thought. She's got over under bag then here. Oh, for it! Sweet and low. From that restaurant she just came out of. Let's take a minute. Ha ha ha! I can't hear you. It's very good. But in my gut, I'm not a hot movie. Can't tell a deal, but living this fall on MBC. Okay, 21 before 2 at WINZ, and let's go to North Miami Beach, hello. I knew how you doing. Good. I think you ought to read just that last cart that should say that now the Neo Rogers has gone to Hellendale. We've decided to tell Tafie where to go. Anyway, the reason I'm calling, and I'm glad the conversation has come back this way. There's an article in the Miami Harald, on the front page, at the local section that I don't know if you happen to catch this morning. But it's very, very interesting. It's entitled Felonds Curse, Judge finds him in contempt of court, and the words contempt of court are kind of hyphened out as if they were curse words. Are you mean Carl Haisens calling me, I read that- Oh, did you read that? Yeah. Okay. I mean is that fuel for the fire or what? Yeah, that's good. I didn't know. I'm glad you got a hold of it. I want to descend until you, but obviously you've got it. I just want to know if it could be of any use because I went through this thing and said, talk about a double standard. This is really incredible. This is just a perfect example of hypocrisy and action. It's just incredible. The stuff with the, you know, he mama broke in. I don't want to hear this F.S. And all these sort of things that kind of just set me on edge. And I just want to bring it to your attention. I didn't know whether you caught that. No, no, it reminds me of did you see the movie and just this for all? Yes. That's what it reminds me of. Remember the judge, the guy who was sitting there swearing. When he went nuts in the courtroom. And the judge said, what is with all this profanity? And he said, well, judge, I'm a diabetic. And he said, sure, I feel to see the connection between the diabetic and all of these vulgar words you're using. And he said, that's because you were a douchebag. I remember that. I don't remember that well. But that was, that's one of my favorite moments of all. I just wanted to bring it to your attention. The, I know that you're going through some advertising and what have you. And I thought this would be the great kind of thing to put into print ad if you really want to make an impression. But you've seen it. So that's my piece. And I'll, I'll just let it go with that. Thanks a lot. They're take it easy. Okay. Yeah, the hits are good point. I don't know how many people saw Hayeson's column in a heraldest morning. But it all has to do with a scoyon court who was using efforts and s words in a variety. And the judge was having a nervous breakdown and kept increasing the fine or his bond. He kept increasing it because he was getting so upset from the, well, one vulgarity beginning with the letter M and having an F somewhere in the middle is the way highest in describes it here. And it's really a classic. Okay, what just happened? We got two lines open and date. I'll whatever get too many way, right? Especially if I just sit here. Every now and then I just get that, that desire to just kind of sit here. And just make everybody wait, you know, because that's the kind of town this is. This is a, say, strange kind of a place, strange. And it's like they're really looking to screw you everywhere you go. Whether you're looking to get an apartment. I don't want to go through that again, or they're looking for a meal, or you just are standing out there in the middle of the highway. You'll lost, you know, somebody's going to come along within five minutes. Looking to really stick it to you. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm Daniel. How you doing? Very good. I just called to give you a few words of advice. Not for you particularly, but your area stations that are definitely Envious. Lagerism is envy. And v is ignorance. And ignorance is bliss. And water six to some level. Good luck. You're getting in there. Okay, sir. All right. Thank you. I think that was a message for Alice. And judging from the numbers that we've got here, he has found a new level that is just incredible. I gotta look at this again. Of course, we don't have the hour by hour, but in the 10 to 3 in the midday day, a day part. The average quarter hour for IOD, they have 16,500. And NWS has 16,200. So even though it is very, very close, very close. It looks like, well, we'll have to wait till we see the individual hours, because Lee could certainly have done a big number in there from 1 to 3. You know what I mean? Like a 1 in each hour? That great professional broadcaster Lee Fowler who sits on the air and rips his own people on the air as program director. And who tells the rest of us about gutter broadcasting and about professionalism? While he continues to do his sex pulls and wants to know where you did it? Unbelievable. I know where he's doing it. He's doing it right on the radio every day for two hours. That's where he's doing it. Screwing the public and screwing that company. Just give me a chance. I want to have an opportunity, friends. I've always competed well. Just that I don't believe in that kind of radio. I'm not going to change. I'm going to talk to my stepmother. I'm going to talk to Gil Seagull. And I'm going to talk to the bridge tender. I'm going to do whatever the hell I want folks. Because you don't understand. When you don't have any money in your pocket, you can buy a kid's food. Speaking of my kids, Terry and Tracy, I got to be my guest tomorrow. We're going to have them in the Michael the Sister's School. When if he's something we could get cane, that would be good. When that kid came on with Michael the Sister and Craig had bring in his children. And then Steve's daughter could stand in the other room and throw darts at him all. But, Pembroke Pine, Chello. Speak to me, sir. I know in a cost of cost of 20 bucks. Well, it was worth it. Was it? Good. Did you really? I wondered what that was all about. I thought you were just glad to see us all. Congratulations on your great rating. Thank you. I just thought Kathy was. He said, forget it. I think Cassidy would have been a lot better off of you. Stayed in Cognito. Definitely. I was a team that I was going to be here. I'm like, God, I think I was going to say. Wait, I've got to go to hell and be able to go to work today. And this week I'm going up to a game and fail in a pal. And I'm taking decisions with me. Getting them signed up there. Great. And you can anchor closer show with a team or a... Yeah, I saw the whole thing. I don't know, I'm not sure why he went in depth and too well. In depth, I'll bet. To more evidence. How deep did he go? 30 feet in the odd time. Real deep. You know, what can you do with these nasty bakers. Everything's hanging out. Well, take care of keep it off in the old days rating. Okay. Thanks a lot. I have never been to a prostitute. And I am not, or have ever been in homosexuals. Everyone I know is that I'm a Kineeth to my son. Everybody wants a baby. Our guest horses going to be Jim Baker. He's going to be racing money for the Baker Defense fund. Full time. From their new home at Hawaii, he's Jim and Tanny Fay. We're all Are prayer partners in radio, we hear you sing gentlemen. Talk excited. Get on, discuss! Talk. We live here reminds! I'm gonna get out of this house That's what man wants to be All my job my command Just have the time to find him All we can do is man I'll do it tomorrow Go man, go Work on your little body My full moon, go You can't believe that He's a much man Let him come down with Anyone yet Hey, hey, hey, hey I'm a very old and much old person tapping a count on me I'll be along from two to four the Santon Do you know that they really did they have dumped Tapy subject that originally was scheduled for today I think that may be the real silver lining in a midst of that dark cloud It's CBS Myth Park From Saturday. I mean it was really a disastrous broadcast But out of even the most disastrous events in human history Comes something positive And if that hysteria on a part of the audience When I asked about tapy subjects if that finally got the message across Then we might have really done something positive Hollywood hello Yes, Neil, what about getting the help of the American civil liberties union You know when you fight with the F You know, yeah, we're gonna have them on a show in a couple of weeks Uh-huh, do you think they'll do any good or help any meaningful way? Absolutely Uh-huh Uh-huh, because you know you're waging a fight by you all by yourself against the big governor agency I mean you need help Right, well, they're gonna be here sure. They're gonna do it. My amy hello My amy? With a banjo on your knee? Oh, that must have been mayor Suarez. I guess you hung up. Yeah Okay, it's 12 minutes before two at WINZ and let's try my amy lakes I'm sure there's somebody here. Hello Hello I knew it Yes, um, the bakers. What are they famous for? Pop-torts Pop-tarts Yeah Um, they'd you put in a pop-torts? I went to the park Saturday Uh-huh, do you regret it? Woo, my husband. I mean, we've been a fan of yours for about seven years Up until Saturday Uh, well since we arrived in Miami, you've always got an all your postcards I've joined in your drives and everything Uh, Saturday he saw it real sexy, Cassie West And we got there Woo He couldn't believe it What a dog You gave her two big a buildup Uh-huh I'm always trying to make gold out of chap liver. I'm always trying to give people a big buildup And he's saying no, that's not her They're just pretend and so we walked up to the hill Where the head is speaker Yeah, and I said listen, that's Kathy West And he could not believe it Yeah, not it was really tiny Tim Um, I was really disappointed in the crap Well, it was hot standing out there Yeah I found me took my shirt off because I- Did you really owe you or the one? I don't know I had something under it A tank top But it was miserable Um, there was no coverings, you know, enclosure or something But we set up there on the hill for a while And then we went down, we signed the petition I gave some money Um, there were real redneck there Uh, one guy Wait a minute, in my crowd? Yes Yes You got to be pulling my leg? No Uh, six foot three guy He, he trumpled all over my foot And then he pushed me and hit me in a spot that hurt Uh, I said a real gentleman Because he was wanting to rip one of those blue mugs Oh, yeah, well he wasn't part of our crowd He was just a free loader I don't know, and I said a real gentleman He said, see, you talking about And I said you And um, it was pretty crazy around the back of you I'm surprised Um, yeah, you better say that again I'm real, listen, I'm just delighted to be here today Uh, I went back up there to my husband Not Tony, I said they are not watching the back of the No, down there No, they weren't paying any attention at all I was just, you know, kind of like turnous loose And if we get through it, good luck to you And if not, it's been nice to know any Now, can't be really shocked me Um, her voice, like you said, she needs throat loss And just, it's great to me when I hear it I feel like she should... Yeah, see, well, she takes it the wrong way A lot of people have said, tap, you've got a great voice And they don't understand what the spelling of GR-A-T-E Oh, ha, ha Like in graded cheese It really does Great and long Being heard, it was a 1958 hairstyle Or we used to have a specific curl And we put it down with deputy do Yeah, in 1858 hairstyle But Neil We're happy to be here The petition I am getting it signed And send it into you Thank you And You're great You really, and you have lost weight Or yeah I did a bit Especially since Saturday I've been vomiting for two days Me and my husband both Poor, poor husband He was so disappointed in Kathy Yeah Oh, okay Well, we're going to hire Ms. Pembroke Pines to replace her Or breach a poor dough One of the other Okay, listen, hang in there Have a wonderful day Thank you Okay, it's 152 at WI and Zee I think we have one more break to do here Don't we, and then it's almost going to be time to go home Have you heard about the equities five at WI and Zee Tap him in Calamate to the news And I think we ought to close it out with a really good call Here, Miami, hello Hello Yes Yeah I am Brad To talk to you But I'm going to say you're an overrated clear That don't know anything in the twerking for WI and Zee And now for good, now with the Miami hair Whose pockets and I can prove it And Miami is having Come on You'll be the girl Harry what? Harry Goldfinger Goldfinger Miami, not thinker Goldfinger Goldfinger Go ahead sir Speak up, time is running out Fuck you once for your another rated clear And you're working for pork like WI and Zee And the Miami hair Now sir, wait a minute WI and Zee is in Dayton, Ohio Go ahead sir Speak up, speak up Remember Up And the hell, the Miami moon It's raining I don't know what I'm saying Speak up sir Okay, got that Fuck it Not power Come on I don't know It's raining now I don't know what I'm saying Is that it sir? Hello Don't you need The better All you need Don't let it bother Danger You should've been able Walk on to She took on a head of her We did it once He had to do it To join the angel There will always be God Don't spend a month morning at 10 For another adventure of gold hammer Exclusively on WI and Zee Miami Fort Latter Day I told you we're going to close it out with a good call We did and Boa said it I hope he calls every day Because I want to hear about all those hooks at WI and G At the Miami Hero We found out a lot of interesting information today We found out about Bill Cosford and Issues Eyes And Keith Allen And about his eyes Find out some good stuff today So at a more morning we'll probably pick up right where we left off Michael Wolf is here with some more of those wild headlines And then Daffy is going to be a long today You just watch today You're going to see a different girl on the Taffy McCallum Show On a WI and Zee Little blast from the past Boy feels just like Ricky Tickie in the afternoon Only with a higher share And a little cheese cake It's making an issue All the old folks are living long The check in a sea No they never say please Just waiting for their livers Best of the time Wasting away again good or high Such a for the past They left in a glass And how they're the claim that there's a Taffy Must have played but they know Is their own their father The shudder in the land To get the early bird on time The person just is not as decay And once they are seen They get overheated Stas the frills and sweet and low in their veins We can't go to the house This bulletin just into the WI and Z Newsroom From one of our wind super spies in a yellow Miami-Herald raincoat The first color the inaugural color On the Ron Sack Show on W News Can they handle it? Harvey from Kendall And how did it say that it's a whole of the day What for so? And am I in the blue sea? Your folks don't know the reason But nothing is pleasing The muscles they can't let you just don't fit What does it matter? When they call up kneeling in the shadow I hate to kneel never listen to your shudder The waist still where he can go Just a father met a newsman of radio And how did they claim that it's a tough home We have verification ladies and gentlemen and other WINZ Super Spy has spotted Harvey from Kendall Harvey's wiping it off right now Unbelievable. And wasn't it follow this morning in the 87th WS News programming seminar who said And we're going to get to his many colors as possible from now. We're really going to get through him because there's nothing worse than repetitive chronic