but not that I believe they put those in my box or like three sletters the other day Neil Myers photo I bet on the year here for 11 years they don't want my picture they already know what I look like Neil Myers I hate to break the news to but Neil Myers is a distant relative of Bella Legosi Oh, there's Terry now. She's gonna go get the pizzas, right? Oh yeah Now don't give me that look like wow You know like if you insist you know that put a pond like if you get to eat some of it You'll be out there in two seconds. She's the biggest child in the building that was sort of that yes and no You know, yeah, here's the 20 is that make it any more or oh don't do that. Oh, no That's not what that was for now. You know me better than that 50 no You'll pay me 50. Oh, that's pretty good not enough There's nobody in this building trust me Well at least we know one Can I quote it this? Yeah, thanks What are you from standards and practices now is everything here for? I'm all for this Neil I was not prepared for his crudeness his violence no sooner had half Cherokee locked the door behind him Then I saw an expression on his face which I confess I did not like Gone was the hot pleading boy of only 11 minutes earlier instead There was a contorted face of a man with rape on his mind Roughly he grabbed me. Oh dear. I thought we were Lee has it come to this I asked myself echoing James Mason as he played the emperor and the Terence young remake of might mirroring a film that has I gather delighted hundreds of long distance jet travelers amongst them my red Baby I got to have it and I got to have it now Please I was urgently pushing it as hard chest which would jam against my maiden form bra stuff with latex But his only response was to slam his hornets nest considerably enlarged against my crotch I struggled he held my arms close to my sides. It was very strong. I noted for one week But delicious moment as I inhaled the clean sweat of his body I weighed the pros and cons of surrender But when his really lips began to ravish my ear and I realized that my wig might fall off I wrenched free of him come here. He commanded no no I flooded away. I'm saving myself for Mr. Wright honey I'm Mr. Wright. He started toward me an ominous figure But I don't know you. I mean, let's not hurry this darling. This is our first real date petting yes, but not He grabbed at me. I leaped behind the bed Keating he swore come here bitch Darling, no please. I want you to respect me to my joy that I realized that vocally I had for the first time achieved the dark throaty Margaret Sullivan quality Transfixed by the sound of my own magical voice. I fear I let down my guard Half-carecay dove across the bed and tackled me yes tackled my rubbreck and ridge God is true, but also a woman tender and frail I was stunned by his force horrified by his brutality sadden that he didn't respect me For a confused moment he held me opinion in his arms my back pressed against the radiator Which left me I just noticed with a black and blue dairy ear I looked up saw satanic smile. I'm gonna burger you bitch Those carbon boys lips were like a satars no like a carnivores Don't please without difficulty. I summoned a tear to my eye after all Margaret Sullivan's voice was coming from me You white bitches are all alike renquis teasers I was being used by the adjective it was not me. He wanted beautiful and vulnerable as I am No, it was a white woman that he wanted to humiliate He wanted to avenge wounded me in my body at that instant. I fear the lad lost my sympathy if not my interest As he started to rip at my dress I gave him my special giant moth karate blow to the belly he doubled up unable to breathe Then a well-ained twist and push coordinating right shoulder with left leg dropped him to the floor with a crash Before he knew what hit him I was seated on the small of his back with his left arm twisted behind him So that the slightest pressure of my forfinger on his wrist would cause the most Excruciating pain Christy grunted what the burger do you think you're doing? Protecting myself from rape darling Rate kidding. He snarled onto the floor still unbroken. You wanted you know you wanted Not perhaps in the way you think Delagantly I pressed my forfinger on his wrist and was rewarded with the help stop that only if you promise to be a good boy What are you some kind of a freak a lady wrestler or something? He looked at me over his shoulder for the time I detected the beginning of fear, but I had have no desire to hurt him I want only to rebuild him in my own image I also knew that if I were to frighten him too much you would never return Foolish goose I gave him a sweet smile I just learned a few little tricks to keep from being all must up by personatures and by rapists But you wanted my way you know you do come on let me up and I'll show you a good time That I'd like to see darling, but I think you better cool off a bit I made myself comfortable on his firm rubbery buttocks He looked remarkably appealing with his head twisted around so they could see me like the new moon over his left shoulder the straight black hair all I noticed that in our scuffly it lost his moccasins one associated if thought led to another You called me a white bitch Well you are I mean your white pressure no greater than a feather's fall on his wrist don't heal Say your sorry for calling me a bitch darling. I'm sorry That's a good boy you hate white people don't you know hell. I'm half white. Let's see which half He stared at me blankly with my right hand I took his ankle and bent his leg back so that the large square foot in its dingy white sock was almost level with my eyes I peeled off the damp sock What are you doing he tried to straighten his leg but pressure on the wrist made and changes mind he groaned Then shutter design examined the callous all-off tinted soul of his foot Looking to see what color you really are darkies have pink souls. I eat no nigger. He muttered No, but the bottom of your foot is lighter than the rest you're definitely too tone darling Imagine if tap is listening this was quite true He was not literally a red skin more light brown with yellow waste hints I noticed that the hairs on his ankle were sparse black and fine Come on he said in veris as I playfully tickled his toes let me up. Let's call it a day I'm sorry what I did. I was now tickling the other foot and began to shutter. Hey stop. I'm ticklish I stopped. Let's see if you're too tone everywhere I reached under him and got his belt buckle in my hand He tried to roll away from me this time I gave him sufficient pressure to make him scream Darling there must be no secrets between us. I changed my position sat on his shoulder blades You're breaking my arm he wind. I was also pushing his jeans down to his knees with my foot He wore no underwear the smooth copper read buttocks glistened Svetlty in the right clear of the single overhead Mazda Well well I said significantly well well what he squeak nervously clenching his buttocks tight together I ran my hand lightly over the silky moist surface. It was like hard good year rubber tire Relax darling my hand was at the juncture of buttocks and legs a dark velvety Maltese cross that marked as spot is it were the center of the male the sacred black man I I am relax listen I better get going I gave his bottom a little smack open for myra Pressure on the wrist a cry the buttocks went slack. I pushed it the maiden jingle jiggle My clients will come in here if we say jingle Although at present his musculature is typically masculine I could see how once his male organs are removed and His system fortified with female hormones the broad pelvic region would be truly ravishing Absence of unsightly hairs on his back except for a single black tuft at the beginning of the ainess is also a definite plus Looking down at what will soon be a woman superb thighs I couldn't help but think how one day some man know a host of men will be forever in my debt when they hold in their arms The luscious woman's body of half Cherokee my creation But I still have my work cut out for me spread your legs wide darling keyding he moan little bade They're on the floor vulnerable yet somehow impressive where his large black heralist power What a nice be I too too. Oh. Oh one one This is Neo Rogers if you thought as I did that West Broward was a wasteland for five Just think of all the billions of little half Cherokee swimming around in their waiting to get out Not now they aren't I had broken him come on let me up But maybe I've changed my mind I teased and maybe I want it now I don't think I can he said some stud anyway you need relief darling all rapists do I got off him suddenly stand up darling Where are they he got to his speed he looked frightened at angry as what would be rapists would not with his trousers about his ankles and assured Hiked up to his armpits you can't relieve yourself darling I said pointing to his dark lawn rent quest which curved in a broke line over the loose hanging Powell He was not circumcised There was also pleased to note that except for a silky black mustache at the base of the rent quest his front was as heralist as the back I was particularly satisfied by the nipples They are small brown and for a male unusually protuberant almost a quarter inch in length when excited I know for I proceeded to tickle him as he stood there dumbly unable to believe what was happening to him There's many a girl who would love to have father hills like yours I ain't got father hills he said I slapped the hard flat pectoral muscle with my hand But darling you do have beautiful exciting Excitable nipples as I played with him. I studied the veins near his armpit trying to be called which is the ones I'll take the silicone to I must get the old an anime book out and do my homework from my run by Gorbid all the next few paragraphs. I will not read because we still want the license Harrison is upset that I'm telling everybody What he did was wife last night Oh, his wife was the old half-terriky the one that he picked up a bingo at the seminal Indian reservation right Well, she looks ravaging now Let's see believing for the brick oven in 20 minutes The call or call 477-677-25 for reservations mentioned w i and z you'll have a bulletin card What the hell is that all about I can't believe that Here is a letter and by the way Thanks for all the nice letters in the midst of all of this mail to Neal send out your so far petitions immediately The hell and Dale die just not only supports you in this ludicrous censorship issue But we'll be happy to assist your petition drive hopefully you'll receive support from other print media Not all sound floor to publications are out of touch with the reality This is a serious matter that must be addressed immediately Dan Blueston vice president Hellendale digest PS if the FCC sensors the term old bags Hellendale will cease to exist. Oh, how do you like that for being frank and up front? He's really impressed me that yeah, how long Dale died just is pretty good You notice in Dolce and he doesn't read it. Yeah. Well, there you go. Well, he doesn't have an IQ to read anything You know, he's still working on a weekly reader. Okay. Let's pick up where we left off I think this gets to the good part with CNN and also with Larry King. I think Larry writes how we're to check here Man at the bush You're Nä Come on what's that with all these interviews already? I get I did it post conference for you guys yesterday The big story. What's your problem the story isn't saying this is the guy before And you gotta find out what you're gonna do today It's because her what I'm gonna do today just get a whole show Will find out what you can tell that was you spent the whole share talking about the FCC We don't know when you're to reverse your usual section Wait A man You guys I'm gonna tell you something. This. I see an impotitulate Because you guys have gotten a million of things in man tape and you go ahead you like your own damn story anyway If you go you will regular listen to this No, you're not that's Too often I found the cruise listening to your show in the radio Okay, you know like 90% of the time we're not sitting in talk about sex We're sitting talking about the news. We're sitting talking about what's going on in the world We're talking about age What talking about? You do that a lot too, but I mean a lot of sex and that's next time. I mean I'm not usually talking about the SEC for hours Yeah, I'm on our mind You know the guy you know to like that. He's kind of general Home on searching for your body. Yeah, but anyway, I mean It's just I'm just dwelling on six for six sake. It's about a man's sake We're talking. Well, I'm gonna say the word Tina's trying to okay There you got it. I didn't change. I mean what do you want for me? What do you want me to do now? There you go. What do you see? I got some running tape in the radio. I had a couple questions really. I just found him my crew in here to ask him What you're saying? What you think of a definition the new definition the new definition The new definition of a what's in decent I mean the definition is Seems pretty blah. I think hacking a girl's arms off Chapter arms off leaving by the side of the road to die. I think going to prison for for only eight years and coming out is obscene That's what I think subsea But if you look at the I don't know you want a plotting If you look at the new definition now, I mean it's a real why What is the new definition? What's in decent be language or material that depicts In terms of apparently offensive as mentioned by contemporary community standards Sexual or excritory activities or organs. And it's a lot Rather it covers a lot more things than the second early words Yeah, I don't know. I'm making it a sense of it. I feel like a such a constitutional That's what I want to ask on camera. Oh, I'm trying I still don't want to do all time a stop No, you don't have to do the America hard. We're gonna take your right. No, this isn't what we're doing But we said talk to you right. I mean you got some information and stuff. I mean we're getting flu Really, I don't look that good today the head front's messed up my hair. I've no makeup. I didn't say I mean I can't run but I do not look my best today I've got it. I'm not wearing a shirt with a collar so my neck will throw thin and my arms out of stick and I I'm gonna decline but I and I'd rather believe anybody want to see in any way what's the point? You guys just playing a television and see how to go back to you know me Howard You have to go back from the same table where you get trouble Yes, I That boy You're not gonna fire you you're like you know you're like one of their good reporters Okay Boy I got to do my job too, you know You haven't been very supportive either. Yeah, you guys you guys do real crap stories I mean you're gonna break out of your clothes that is people Yeah, you're gonna take 10 seconds or whatever I say and chop it up and say yes, Howard Look at you. I mean the basic attitude that you don't want sense. Yeah, and I know you really Such a little bit wrong thing. You don't have to leave with you this way if they're small. Yeah, it's hard math Right We're going to do something about such a thing that we're working There's a lot of pork and dans you're Dickinson all the time and have it hard attack Yeah, I think we'll be here Oh I think the new guy lives are just committed to me I know you're checking my attorney You know how much money attorneys are gonna make them off all this oh yeah, they're back in the room Incredible holy cow And you see lawyer they had nothing to do for a couple years You're talking several millions of dollars random all of those guys. You see no Washington Yeah I Was nothing to do I have to pinch the armors off a tent of a point. Gotta see I want to get a do Actually see lawyers over so you see everyone in law school You know what happened down to be an empty-seat lawyer I got 900 phone calls from the ACL route ACL you they're gonna represent I mean yeah, this is a field day This is what this is okay, I know it's a lawyers you know what I see about I saw the guy from the Lawyers Creating work for their bodies and messing them look like the cat the guys who got beat up in high school Here with the guys on the FCC I saw one guy and Larry Kieshal if I didn't you see Larry Kano Look you got a listen to this guy. Let me just throw it through this tape. Let's get a listen to this guy He He'll take the kind of guy who got beat up in high school. I advise guys like me and now he's like Hello I got the tape. Oh, it's not you. It's gotta hear this guy can't get my crew while you're killing your tape I'll come along with you crew Because you guys are just gonna hatch it me anyway. Just you guys got enough footage of it. You can hatch it me Once he's old footage yeah, yeah, okay with me. You could just have fun. Did you guys got some good footage of me? I mean this is a ridiculous tape It's pretty cool Because this is kind of guy that's like you said hate wise guys like me. Is that that they made fun of him? He never got to be in the good group Yeah, you never got to be a party. So you're gonna hold it against me. You sit over in the corn just right Yeah Lot I know film out of a radio management. I think without another one But here comes All right, this is the guy from the watching this is like a civil libertarian dude. He's really wow people who are like he believes in every kind of freedom He's on the gun I'm not even having that I'm actually Yes, that's just a bit I believe that you're at it I think that every idea that's worth the thinking about it society will remain on the airways and I'm not at all Congratulations Every thought that What thinking about Yeah I can't think about it It's for a story What it is What is that What is that? That was a fence That's funny Oh, action and down I know Now that was the distance of the real cut that guy's off the Larry's offensive The same thing the Larry King and everyone I'm gonna I'm gonna go to the cosy I'm gonna go to the radio program and I'll be back here. I'm gonna go to the I'm gonna hold it back Come out, mate. I'm gonna I'm gonna Happy you just I'm taking out doing my interviews that I reject I'm gonna Anyway, you don't want your crew in here just use some old footage and stuff you guys are hatching me all the time anyway I'm sorry to you Not you personally, I don't think you're a very nice person but just the industry you're at any of them You come on you know you come in here So you're gonna come in when are you gonna get to the sex? Tonight I got a sick now Now I'm forced to do sex is everybody's sitting waiting for me to do it I know I'm not gonna do it sex again Just a bit when you got to stay tuned for like the next seven years away from here if I do it again I'm doing this as a go back and see an end I got to get that 573. I had some bikini girls with me to make photo-grip the bikini girls I had nothing to do with the show I just wanted to travel with girls and bikinis, okay? That's my little hangup That doesn't have been every day Exactly We married the cat like two or three wives didn't they? And yes, I would travel with bikini girls If you got to bikini me got to have your camera cringey It's just got you Is that an attack on women? That's a sexual thing That's not worth thinking about I'm women Good night I'm not thinking about I got to the dangerous And we thought we're thinking about seeing how Then you know when she was in bed She was like, oh no I think I got to make a video Yeah Can I have a big day and see a bikini thing Oh This is the back on when Larry King doesn't interview Listen to him in the background He's got to hear this right I don't know the big heart attack She's like in the background This isn't me going I don't know This is the kick this out though We need to I'm saying something tomorrow We're going to see who's the size of this I'm just going to say anything We're ending on the news for the past 15 years I hope he says something make people listen Yeah Anything that's creative I'm not going to try to do it anyway I'm just going to do it I'm going to do it I like to do that Yeah But I'm concerned as I said before To use up a cliché That's the example If you think I've written a lot I know fair amount of a radio management I think without it It's never wanted coming down They'll be a considerable shift from management Being with people who are less Let us say independent Imagine And then they hear a lot of shit That's Larry He's a tambour He's a tambour I don't know the self What about these people? You never hear this on the TV Yeah I think you guys should do something I don't know I don't know what to do I don't know what to do I'll see you all Nothing's important You're right in the down I think you're going to see an end That's a bit of a remover I mean I'm hearing it I'm going to clock and me up in California I did try to do the music with the audience I can't put up with it I can't put up with it I thought you were saying I mean no I thought you were saying that they're trying to do you with it I thought you were trying to do you with it I thought you were trying to do you with it I was trying to put it up with it But luckily we were saying that we came to So see what you're going to do about this How is this going to affect your neck My back You know what you're going to do? They just outlawed her load there The load is on the left I think it's a bit different Oh man So if people don't understand If they just don't Whatever you say it's why I can tell the concern And entertainment This is all Steve Yeah, where are you calling for me? I'm calling No, I'm calling for California Can't say no for you Can't say no for Josh I'm not going to judge him No, I'm not going to I'm going to call for Michael Jackson So it's a very very And Jerry very yesterday Oh I don't mean that they had I'm already a bit the MCC We're getting your travel and me what it's important You as well Yeah, well, it's not my new discipline Well, you know what you're doing Actually, I need everyone to support And fingers and that see Unfortunately, the reporters, the Jack has reports Like news day And see you in an except for your course Me, um Yeah, yeah You're right Excuse me, you wouldn't know where that was And your TV set Anyway It's just FCC-class Howard string and decent And then my friends were out of town Think that the FCC did that And in fact the FCC cleared me and said I'm not a decent or obscene And I want you to know that That's all that happened And they're changing the rules And nobody knows what the rules are And but then they're figuring out I'd be gone down I'd be that in seven years old I tried because nobody can be That's not clear Not clear from And by the way, let's make the announcement That Steve Washington signed for our television Yeah Steve Washington's been signed for our television show We've been in the back And we'll show them what we can do We conduct some dialogue television If they think you are done anything That is the kind tray on radio Hold on, we'll all originally They have the traditional softest lawmakers We'll be growing some other media Right Below Hurry to head a moving target With... If you start a bombing Say the affair I think this autobi bitch cafeteria We consult up the BOIC Because it's an element real Alright, stay there to go. Goodbye, Steve. Nice to meet you. Thank you for your support. Thank you so much Steve. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We'll have a back where that's some cops on my foot. Let's go to America. I love open phones. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. 141. Ha ha ha. At W.I. I'm telling you, I know he can't check for Larry. There's no question in my mind. Okay. Let's do a break here. We'll come right back. You're going to be hearing a lot about the 1090 plan. Why? Because it makes good sense. Hi. This is Ron Harrison. What is the 1090 plan? Simplicity describes it. You can build a large retirement fund at College Education Fund and a state fund. Simply by purchasing the everyday items you need. Each time you purchase a product or service through the 1090 plan within seven days of the purchase, 1090 deposits are percentage of your purchase price in an escrow account. Ensured by the FDIC, then a group of newities purchased from among the nation's largest insurance companies. Use your consumer power, build equity by merchandise, travel, even reasonable deals. You're spending money today at the same time accumulating dollars and building equity for tomorrow. You save for tomorrow by spending today. Call the 1090 plan and get 50% off the regular membership fee with a 10 day money back guarantee in date County call 945-9757. 945-9757. In Broward call 733-5557. 733-5557. The 1090 plan. Hi. This is Neil Rogers. And if you're a voter listen up because I'm going to tell you about some of the most unbelievable bargains found only at Southern Ocean supply. For starters, Southern Ocean supply has the President P580 25W high performance marine radio by Uniden. The P580 loaded with features delivers crisp clear transmission and reception on 45 transmit and 55 received channels. And best of all, the P580 which normally sells for 34995 is now just $149. And voters have about this. A heavy vinyl lifejacket organizer with six lifejackets, Southern Ocean supply especially priced at just 4850. Also at Southern Ocean supply, you'll find name brand quality like sport tape, top-sideer and Zodiac inflatables. Southern Ocean supply open seven days a week with extended hours, Monday, Wednesday and Friday till 7pm. Competent and courteous sales assistants and the best prices anywhere. Southern Ocean supply just three blocks north of state road any four on federal highway in Fort Lottodale. No, what it costs to open a home equity credit line at American savings? That's right. Absolutely nothing. From now till June 30, you don't have to pay an application fee. You don't have to pay an appraisal fee. You don't even have to pay an annual membership fee. You don't have to pay a cent. Not a penny. Zero, zilch, zip. What's more? Unlike a lot of other loans, the interest may still be taxed deductible. And the annual percentage rate is only 2% over prime. If you're the owner of a single family home, now's the time to open a home equity credit line. So visit the American savings office nearest you for an easy to fill out home equity credit line application or call us today for information. If you've been looking for something from nothing, you just found it. But only till June 30th at American savings. And equal opportunity landing. No one can assess your finances better than you can. This is tapping the column, join me Thursday with Darlene Shane who will show you how to clock Thursday on WINZ. Thank you for the news wins. Okay, it's 60 before 2 at WINZ. Actually, tapping show is going to be how to take from the blacks and give to the whites. It's going to be the topic of her show. And I wonder what she thinks about the new NBA basketball team, huh? When she's going to be hanging around there in Liberty City. Can you just see that? It's probably got her season tickets already. Wouldn't it be great if she got all her white friends to buy up all of the season tickets for the arena? That would be real interesting. And then of course once that happened, they'd have to move all the residents to the area to some other part of town. Like maybe it could swap. Maybe all they can move all the black people to brick a laughing window and those nice buildings. And tapping all her white folks could move into Liberty City and over time. You know all the tenement buildings. You know what they say? What goes around comes around. Where did we hear that? I think Sandy said that. Is it Sandy? Yeah. It was very profound. It was very great after she had the TV repair man on. It was asking about that volume dial and kept saying, What goes around comes around? Anyway, is there anybody in the audience who was up? Did we have any complaints? Any hysteria? No. I mean, it wasn't lesbian dial a day, but it was there was some pretty wild stuff in there. I think probably that was a real good example from a news standpoint. Not only in terms of the first amendment to discussion in the SEC, but also in terms of where he came. Yeah. And he was very appropriate. It's pretty soon Larry's going by by in this market, isn't he? Yeah. Nobody has picked that show off. And now you can understand why. Next month, I guess. Early May. I think like May 4th, he'll be gone. Yeah. Yeah. Why are we out of a check? That's what we all should do. We should also in Larry at check and see if he'll catch him for us. No chance. No way, Jose. So what do you make of all of this? This was a pretty momentous day. You ought to be in the hog heaven because you're the big guy. Howard Stern activist. Yeah. In South Florida. Some people get involved in politics. Some people get involved in the environment. Glenn Hill, of course, is the Howard Stern Civic activist. That's why Mark Cunewl speak to me because I'm putting other languages in Volgarity from Costa Con. They're funny to me. No, I think he's a Sarah. They're very funny to me and you're really going to enjoy that take. That it was being dialed in. Yeah. Yeah. Let's be in dialed. Perfect. We can't even get people to send in pictures here. The Hong Kong context that died went over like a pregnant. Oh, that's the height. You got two pictures. Terminal. Well, we got about a half a dozen. But nothing exciting. Now you didn't say that. Yeah. But one of the wasn't exciting was just a pornographic. And a couple of them were pretty exciting. But yeah, there were about seven or eight. This is just not a fun town. I'm just understand. We don't want to go overboard. I mean, everybody's getting involved in the campaign. And that's great. And we've had a real positive input here. But we have to do everything kind of like a stuffy way because we don't want to have too much fun. Right. The management gets upset if they perceive that we're, you know, having too much fun. And maybe Dave Murray over in Tampa, the chief engineer at WPLPR's sister station. Maybe he would send us a picture for the context. Yeah, I only showed you three pictures because the other ones weren't worth seeing. Believe me. Trust me, which is always the best of the lot of a salary lot. All of the first one. Now that young man was, he was a model though. Right. Oh, he was really, was a very, very good looking young guy. And he was excellent, by the way. But, you know how slow he is today? I mean, what is it? Are you listening to Matthew? Maybe he's sitting like you're on like a 42nd delay today or something. Like a five minute delay. I know. I know. And I know that. What? And he sits here and just on that 60 cycle town. Yeah. Well, we don't, you know, we don't. It just kind of gets stuck there. We get to day here. People get upset when I come on here. So I've tried nothing to do. Not that you're out of work. Now they all feel sorry for. Do they? I saw when you went to Kitchen last week. And when it was like a charity job. Oh, God. Everybody was kissing him on the ranch. True. Just going nuts. But if he got a job again tomorrow, they would just ignore him. They would stone wallet. That's true. Everybody came up said, oh, we hope you come back. And we'd love to see you come. Even a limousilly or whatever his name is up there. Wouldn't talk to you. League, league, league, league, league. Yeah. He's not talking himself. But rumors that he wasn't wearing underwear today, by the way. So that shows you how desperate the people of Zeta are. They're running around in rubber underwear. No wonder can't he didn't come out. Just a joke. Just a joke. Now she listen. We got to try to put her image back together. I've been accused of turning her into some kind of a dehumanized slut. No. On that show on Saturday. Yeah. There was a young guy who called up Mike Spendell on Sunday. And he said that he had made the decision that he will not listen when Kathy and I was 36 years old. He couldn't handle it anymore. I think you took every time he hears us on together. He starts handling it. And he says he just can't handle it anymore. Where's him off for the rest of the week? Okay. That's what he said. All right. And a 36 boy. If that's all it takes. He's got some serious problems. You had a call. Dr. Bruce. Okay. We have another break to do. Don't wait. Boy, I can't believe it. Well, that's what happens when you're showed me generates into a Howard Concert. I'm curious. Do you think there are people in the audience who even understood what that was all about or appreciated it? Because I mean, we went to great lengths to put that on the air. And the people at W.Y.S.P. When I said off to do something. I hope they appreciated it. I enjoyed it. I'm sure like on a phone. I mean, if there are people who appreciate it, getting a chance to hear that. And enjoy whatever it was that Howard and Robin were doing there. There's like one line of action. Oh, boy. And that's probably Mike. He's probably. Look at that. I'm sure he's there's nothing going on. I mean, any other thing we do. Like, really? Oh, I see. Oh, I dig back. They're just stepping up. They're a little slow. Well, by this time of the show, don't you understand? They just whipped up into a frenzy. They're just all passed out. We're all slow to the aftermath. Yeah. Or the aftermath. Or the aftermath. Okay. 10 minutes before 2 at W.Y. And when we come back, that's, yeah. They're still six and flashing. Okay. Mike Miller is on this one here. Let's see. The morning zoo is over here. This must be Mike McKay. Yeah. And the Tanner is on one. And the Herman and McQueen are on one of the other lines here too. Okay. Let's take our last break. I promise we just won't do it again here today. And then we'll come right back and wrap it all up and put a bow on it and see what the All it was all about. It's one. Wait. That's good. I'm glad this last hour is moving along. Because I'm getting so tired of beating the audience with a whip today. Man, these people are about to just laid out. They're all either on drugs or they don't speak English. I gotta tell you something. This town. I wonder if Rick Shaw could do the talk up on this. If we're eating this. How do you know we are here for waiting there? And then. I'm gonna go out. I'm gonna let myself get. That's so, so, so, so, so, so. It's raining there. It's raining there. How do you know we are here for waiting there? And then. So. That's. God to me. Perfect. That's. God to me. Understand that was the favorite song of the late FBI directed in Canada. However, it's. Nine minutes after one. It's WINC. We're going to let it all hang out. So we'll play Neil Rogers. 123 on WINC. Neil will be back in a minute. This is Glen Hill. I never dreamed. When I woke up this morning that I would be filling in for. A Neil for a few minutes and I don't have a clue what to talk about. You know, should I take a phone call? No. You're serious, Kyle? I should take a phone call. Let me move over to Neil's chair. Wait a minute. This is. This is wild. This is like a dream. So I go. Number two Hollywood and we'll see what's happening. Hello Hollywood are you there? Yeah Hollywood. How you doing? Good. I'm going to try out here. Yeah, help me still in. Well, we. I'd like to do that. Yeah, you know what I wanted to say. Neil, I'll say to you really, doesn't matter. And that is that it seems to me that the fantasy of Alice in one land is finally come true. Because everything seems to be upside down. You know, I mean, it's just unbelievable. You know, in the in-house in one land, people didn't put necklaces on necklaces, put little people on. And it seems to me that what's called conservative today is really just the opposite because if it truly was conservative, then they would be up and on. The soon is there would be any attack on constitutional guaranteed rights. Right. And on here, anybody screaming about rights violations, limitations except for the who's supposed to be anti-constitutional rights such as libertarian type people. And it seems to me that what is passing off as conservatism is just a Nazi fascist religious, a radical type people. Hey, man. Who are, who are unsatisfied with anything else by bringing this nation through the state of Iran, three, uh, a colony to the point where maybe we'll have blood in the streets. Maybe we'll have this kind of disorder. I don't know what they're looking for, but it seems to me that they want to make major changes in this country. And if you're a blood in my blood has to run in the street, then that's fine with them. They're going to have their way. King George is going to be back on the throne. And the revolution is going to have been taken in vain. Okay. And of course, as far as being on the throne is concerned, uh, 25 past one at WI and Z. I want to tell you something. I just found parts of the building that I didn't even know existed. And so good thing I found them, I'm really concerned about the FM. Boy, am I concerned. I run out of here. And I go to the, what would you call it, restroom? But the regular. Yeah. restroom. Yeah. What? The minth room. And they're having like an FM staff meeting in there. In the bathroom. Well, I mean, uh, and in the stalls. And I'm very nervous when you go into a restaurant, restaurant room. And there were a whole bunch of guys, converting around in there. You know what I'm saying? Was the consultant in there? And somebody, one of who was seeing glory, hallelujah. I'm serious. Then I look up in the front at the executive John up there. And the door is closed. No. And all of a sudden, my life is flashing. Oh, my eyes. And I thought, how can it be? See, that was one of the nice things about being here at night. Yeah. No problem. I'm sure that Kyle remembers a couple of times at night, even with guests here, when they, all of a sudden, in the middle of an hour, you know, when nature just was going to have its way. And we put on a couple of PSAs and I flew out of here. And, you know, but there was nobody here, so you didn't have to worry about that. But during the daytime, man, look out. So I'm luckily you told me about that the hidden bathroom. It's a bathroom in the back there that looks like something out of the dark. You know, looks are not what counts. That's right. As long as the plumbing works, man, that's the only thing that really, that you care about. I didn't know that was back there either. It's hidden away. Ron Harris and Budwa back there with a little shower. Carp or go. Okay, let's go back to the phone. I'm sorry, but boy, that was just, in fact, I may make another move back there at any moment. And I do mean move. Plantation. Oh, I know. Hi. There's all this count as expatriate. It's a very well putster. For a big trouble now. Yes. Now that they're going to have live models in underwear commercial on TV. Yeah. That means some day we'll have live condo models on TV. No doubt. That's the next step. But what's really obscene is a new state gun law, yes, mate. They're really just pushing it too far. And then they said, well, we'll let each county decide on the waiting period. Why don't they just let each county decide on the whole issue? Well, as far as I'm concerned, as I said before, it's a lost cause and it's just, it's not even more talking about. I mean, you know, I think at this point that everybody got to go out and buy a gun and the gun is not what it's all about. It's the people, the people in this country are irresponsible. It's kind of nothing to do with whether, I mean, look at this maniac last night. Are you serious? Oh, God. Well, we finally got one of those out of the building. Now we got a whole new, is that what you're trying to tell me? Good. Golly, Miss Molly. You still open up that FM recording studio and all those little boys would come falling out of there. Like five years old. Okay, it's 14 before two. I think I'm going to, I'm not sure though. Don't go away. All right. I really don't, I don't think I am going to make it. And I just, as soon as I said that, there was just like a little voice inside of me. Who do you think you're getting? You know, like there's no way you're going to make 14 minutes. Oh, no. No way. Oh, not at 14 seconds, maybe. Can we have a countdown? Ooh, wait a minute. Maybe if I take deep breaths. We can put on 2D France again. South Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hello, friend. Let's talk about life experience. I'd like to ask one thing. The no one's in to have brought up. If the SEC considers a lot of things, patently offensive. If you're in the, if you're in the armed forces, the, uh, you're certainly not able to turn off the commanding offices, cursing and, uh, sort of other things that they say, which are far more horrendous the overhead Howard's turn for a grant. Anyone has ever been in the air force for the army of the Navy knows that the, uh, Or in the Marines. Or they leave out the Marines sir. Uh, Marines. I had a friend who was in the Marines. I thought to, he was stationed at Quantanamo Bay, commanding officer, he got been the big after he stepped out of the line of it and said, you know, I saw your sister and she was the best piece of AI I've ever had in my life. Talk about patently offensive and try turning him off. I'm wondering if you can start bringing any criminal charges against, uh, in listed people. Probably. I guess, you know, people like General Westmore would have enough, uh, enough of that stuff behind him to put him away for the best of their lives. Hey, Daniel. Okay, sir. Was that a good call? I'm not sure. I'm not. I was a city here pondering and I wonder, will have to call former Admiral point. What does he know? Is he a rear Admiral? Mm-hmm. Can we say that on a year? I think he is. They demoted him, didn't he? Yeah. He's a rear Admiral. You know what that means, don't you? Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Hello, Niel. Yes. Uh, hey, listen, I'm behind you 100% on his so far campaign that you had this petition. Right. As far as that goes. But I'm just wondering if we're not, uh, it's to give a give any thought. Our illegal. The Constitution and the Bill of Rights says very clearly, Congress shall make no law abridging the right of first speech. It doesn't say a few laws. It doesn't say a couple of laws. It doesn't say more than one law. It doesn't have an asterisk. It says they shall make no law abridging the right of free speech or they free exercise of religion. Period. And along come these self-appointed moralists and censors and they decide what that's supposed to mean. And when you start mucking around with our most basic freedoms, who the hell knows what it's going to be next? You know, we keep saying an over and over and over and over again. And I still have this sinking feeling that the people who ought to be the most scared by it, who've been through it before, these are going to be the last ones to respond. Because they're totally confused about the issue. The issue has nothing to do with words that you think are a vulgar. It has to do with whether the government can continue to censor and repress free expression. Because if it's words this week about sex or organs, next week it'll be words about the president or politicians. And the week after that it'll be something else that we can't say. It's 150 to it, W.I.s. You have been a market too excited because that might stimulate some internal activity. Here will pause and come right back. What are you doing? And if you're talk show host is a lemon they're going to take care of that too. So stick around for that. Now we've discovered today of nothing else we discovered why they haven't been talking on the FM. Right? Oh seriously isn't that supposed to be part of polite manners? Is never speak with a full mouth? Won't you talk that as a youngster? Huh? Oh he's too young I'm sorry he's not going to do well. Say anything at this point. Yeah I know Ricky Tiki with a hat. He looks like a Craig Worthing without the beard. Now that hat is offensive to me. Yeah he's but Rick Shaw is patently offensive to me. I think we got to get him off the air. He is that rogue in that 82nd talk up crap of is that went out 30 years ago. Is patently offensive to me. And yet are we starting a petition drive to get Ricky Tiki off the air? No. We just turn waxy off. That's all very simple. Right. Boy I mean he is does he offend you? Oh terror drives me nuts. I mean you know I like a lot of the music if he would just shut up. Yeah he plays good all these in the afternoon but it's who you know. Oh Ricky Tiki. Oh who? Aha. Anyway we're going to be at CV Smith Park tomorrow. We're going to have talk many a three which the station has been heavily promoting by the way. And we're going to have the whole crew out there. Kathy West will be there and that he will be there with her sheets. And her knee sochen is going to have four musuzes on and Mike Spendell is going to be out there and he is met uniform. And it ought to be exciting. And of course Glenn Hill promised that he would show up there tomorrow too. And I'm going to try to get lead to that. And lead you. That's going to be out there with his vermuter shorts. And that's what it is. It's the bitz teeny weenie. Yellow polka dot. So that ought to be quite a show tomorrow. So between 9 and 930 I'll be at Pumpernex. They're going to be giving away free Danish and the coffee. They're nuts man. They're out of their mind. They're going to be bombarded with free loaders. And then we're going to be giving away sweeten low.