Another one of the promo some yesterday so this amazing how this fits in. It's it's right here a commercial free compact disc Christmas from 7pm Christmas Eve to 7pm Christmas day. So what you're going to be doing here Christmas day is playing just compact disc straight through. Zeta 4 will be rolling perfect album sides off compact disc without commercial interruptions. The best classic rock and roll new and old so now we've done two days. We have six we have to do in four hours which is incredible. And I did the one where it's a no repeat work days every day. They never played the same record twice from 9 to 5. And I did it to a new feature with my desk brand new probably starting today. And then on Christmas we're going to be rolling compact disc on interrupted. That's what you're going to be doing Christmas day cap day. Yeah, I believe that Dave has a day off. I think I'm just here. Oh yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. Dave and I neither one will be here will be just rolling Christmas day. Got back this now Christmas. Yeah, it's just my name on the schedule there. Yeah, that's correct. Now Christmas Eve which is Thursday. We're just going to play all bits on this show. I love how I'm in on all this. First I'm working and now three minutes later. I'm not working. Yeah, you would have been working if you were still a great. So I don't have to work Christmas day. That's correct. So I can sit at home and just watch those parades on TV. It's going to be a great year. Now, do you think that Christmas Eve when we're going to run all the bits? I'm interrupted that everyone wants to tape. Do you think it's even necessary to take phone calls or we can just run the bits? Maybe Thursday. So if you have a thought on this, if I should take calls and request or if we should just run the bits, you can let me know what you think and let's go to the books. You know the sound like legal IDs will be a special feature that day too. All that's right. That's right. Yeah, yeah. That'll be a great day. Broward County. Yes. Yeah. Hi. I got a few questions for you. Number one. Okay. First the question on legal ed. Mm-hmm. On his promos. Why does he always go lead to lead? Why does he put a five second pause between his name? Well, you'll have to ask him that, sir. I can't answer your question. Oh, really? I never thought about it. Okay. If I wanted to ask him a question, I would say, why do you say palm beaches? You know, maybe he paused there too? Well, he says it's not palm beaches. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's like the palm meadow expressway. Okay. Next question. Why have they been playing? Is there something real big about that new story you guys did about the guy that jumped? Oh, about the school teacher? Yeah. Well, he's been playing it all week when he landed on the teenager and everything. Oh, no, no, no. That is an oldie. That's a pink Floyd concert. Oh, is that what that is? We think that's one of our classics. Oh, do you? Yeah, that do you? Oh, I like it. Yeah, I think it's one of the funniest, it's one of the classic things that has happened in the like 10 weeks we've been on here in the morning. I mean, the bad thing is, is every time I hear I'm driving and I'm always laughing for I know. I'm doing another car. It's still funny today to me. Oh, really? That's a promo during the rest of the day when we're not on the air and also during the weekend, we choose little vignettes from the show and with the Neil Gahn, we've been choosing a couple of oldies. Captain, only got a goodie. Yeah, all that is definitely I'll have to retem it here. Did you hear it when it happened? No, I never did. Yeah, that was a... Yeah, that was an incredible morning. That just happened. Oh, did it? Yeah. And I heard it just happened. Yeah, we think it's one of the funny things Neil ever did. I was real glad to hear it over the weekend again. I heard it twice over the weekend too. And I enjoyed it every time. Yeah. All right. I heard it. I heard it. After that new story, too, there is a new, new, um, beaver story. Oh, indeed. Did you talk about Larry's house? Oh, yeah. Is there a way to get that on? Yeah, I got it right here. Oh, dear. Wait a minute. Let me see. Let's see. I got it right here. Oh, dear. You got it. All right. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'll, uh, let's, uh, this is, um, and this is the beaver we just got at the end of last week. It's the old new, leave it to beaver. Starring, bargra billing sleigh. You both are totally down. And Clint Eastwood, as the beaver. Do you hear it? Yeah, mom. What is it? I heard the park is down here. If I just came in the mail. Uh, looks like it's from bubbles. Isn't that the girl you know at school? No, she's a hooker. She's a hooker. She's a hooker. She plays hooky from school a lot. That's where I know her from. Later up in the boys room. Hey, Wally. Look, I got a package from bubbles. Oh, yeah? What did she send you? I see. Ah, geez. She sent me her underwear. I got a quick hang at around those kind of women. I suppose I couldn't say I told you so, but, uh, guess this is not time to be rubbing it, yeah? Well, as long as mom and dad don't find out, I'll just hide him in the drawer here. Yeah. Later that same episode. Boy, look what I found in the Beaver's drawer. Hmm. Where'd that come from? Uh, oh, I think I'm in trouble. Big trouble. Uh, mom, dad. Those underwear belong to, uh, to Wally. Wally? Wally? You're talking about. Yeah, there he is. He wears some presses around in him like, like, Tinker Bell. Isn't that right? Big brother. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. But that's not what I thought it was. Now, so, because of this, Dave and I pretty much decided that we're going to organize the room today, right, Dave? We'll stay in the room and we'll label all this stuff. Because that's a great one, but that's not the one I was thinking about. Hmm. Now, what happened to all our other beavers? The other one is about what, why do you think that was the new one? I don't know. Well, now, I played Billy Eilel earlier. Yeah, I think I found it by the way. Oh, did you? Okay, is this it? Day two is neurotic and must speak to you about the chocolate lady. All right, we'll do this while we're finding all this stuff. Hello. Good morning. Good morning. Yeah, I'm trying to find out some information about that. Is she driving you crazy, sir? I kind of like the way she talks, but I don't know if she can perform an I understand breath, breath feet. If she can do what? Well, I like to talk to her on my own if you can just relate to a soft one of her God. Now, what about breastfeeding? Well, that's what I understand. She's been breastfeeding. Yes, she has a young child. Heather. She's got it. That's what she's been breastfeeding. Yeah. Well, what did you think she was doing? I don't know the way she's out of her mind. I don't know the way they're going to teach up. I'll tell the radio. Yes, she's incredible, isn't she? She is. She's the one I like to get a plate with the ladies. Yes, she's 20 years old. When he years old. And she used to be a truck driver. Oh, she know. Well, he's a truck driver. Yes. She's been seeing incredible. Now, she's driving you crazy, sir. 20 years old. She's about five, seven, and weighs 135 pounds. No, she's five feet. Five feet. And weighs 135 pounds. That's really all farget. Is it? She's got some weight to lose there. Yeah, she kind of, yeah, she doesn't go correctly into our computer. She doesn't come out correctly. Huh? I don't like to get acquainted with this lady. If I could, I got a little, uh, did I got a little question for her, if she can help me, huh? Yeah, and can you, can you say it on the radio? Well, and I don't think it'd be proper thing to say on the radio. Why would I think that guy allowed something like that? And I'll radio. You don't think I could allow it? Oh, no, I don't think so. That what you want to eat her? I mean, what you want to ask her? I can't believe I said that. No, I'm leaving. I don't know if you've hit the one. Just a slip there, sir. I didn't mean to say that. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, I like to meet his lady. Yeah, when we talk about her, see what happens. Yeah, what happens when we talk about this lady? I've never, I've never slipped that bit. I'm serious. I like to show her something. You would. That definitely would. Okay, well, I'll ask her and I can talk to her. See if she's interested. She's the other sonning. I'm going to get a hold of her. Okay. I see how much she's got. Uh-huh. All right. Hey, by the way, ask her. She's too aggressive. Yeah, I think she is. Yeah, is that appeal to you? Yeah, definitely. Okay. All right, now. All right. Go on, though. You said it so like distinctly. Oh, did the stop. You can't stop when you do something like that. Freudians. Yeah, boy was it ever. Dave County, hi. Hey. I'm all right. Listen, I'm going to use an input. You said, you should play some music long. Those bits. Oh, yeah. Only if you make sure that you get every bit on. And if you have any time after that, then I guess you can take some off. Now, what I was really wondering is if it's even necessary for me to take phone calls on Thursday or whether we should just run the bit. You know what I'm saying? You know, I was thinking about taking phone calls and taking requests and then running, you know, like three or four in a row. But I was wondering if that was even necessary. We could just run all the bits. And then, perhaps, after we run everything, then take requests for some repeats, maybe something like that. Yeah, this is long as you get all the bits on Thursday. And then you know, you can after that, then you can get some call. Is that I would probably be the best idea. So you think we should run all the bits. And then if we have time, we can play. Yes, I think that would be the best. Okay. So the number one priority is to be sure that all the bits here. Yeah, because I'll be here taking them. All right. Okay. I'll remember what you said. Okay. And he walked out. Again, I think he can hear you though. Okay, listen, I hate to sound like a broken record, but you think you can ask and do that. EDR, uh, space and identify case. Oh, I'll ask him, sure. Okay, because I'd like to get it down on that, too. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. All right. 709, now we found the leave it to be ver finally as we are slowly organizing the room and getting this together. This is all. This is all headed for Thursday. Now, here's the leave it to be ver that I wanted to play for you before. It's the old you leave it to be ver. Starring, Barbara Billingsley. You both are Tony Donn and Clint Eastwood as the beaver. I want you to be very good. I want you to be very good. I want you to thank the man of the Delish for having you over. Don't eat with your elbows on the table. Don't talk with your mouth full. And if they give you something you don't like, you eat it anyway. Mom, don't worry. Larry's dad always has a fridge full of beer. As long as I got one of those handy, I can choke down anything. Larry, my fellow's house. Hey, Larry. Give me another beer. Well, what do you want to do now? Well, you could watch television. Are we could play checkers? What do you want to do beef? Well, since your dad won't let you have the playboy channel, let's play checkers. Checkers? I don't want to play checkers. I want to watch television. Don't go acting on goofy on me now, fat boy. I said checkers. Boy, beaver. You're the meanest guest I ever had. Now look at the holes. Close it in. You are. Stop. Time did you turn it on? My hospital hysteric alunatic friend and you all do spit. You all do spit. I bet you're all enough to be Joey Reynolds Mother. I bet your all enough to be Joey Reynolds Mother. I bet your all enough to be Joey Reynolds Mother. Mike? I-I-I doesn't do it. Look at me. Hey, look at me. Those those those Those those you got to point to it's right at the top of the head you jackass Jackass jackass jackass jackass jackass Because they're not all as brilliant as you are, you all, you all, you all, you all, you all bitch bitch bitch bitch you all bitch Alright 7-11 on Zeta for Glenn in for a new who's on vacation and uh, now here comes our most requested bit I guess we are getting it together and thinking about what we're going to do Thursday when we're going to run all the bits in order so that you can tape them if you want. Here comes the most requested bit we get underneath a Roger show. It's Little Neal. Well back to the Neal Rogers program on 1240 WGBA. Here again, America's youngest dog chill host, six year old Neal Rogers. Okay, I guess we're done with Neal and there's four minutes left in the hour. Let's take some calls. All eaten. Hello. Neal, how's it going? Great. That's good. Well so I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester, the Democrat and Chronicle. Oh the good old DNC. We're in abortion that paper is. Then I asked how many other people did likewise and they said no, my business. Yeah, well they're real nice over there. Okay, well I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of American. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neal. You got him. Come on, you own. Yeah. Neal. Yeah. Neal, you're a stinky, pink, old glutinous, and fed water out of pansy. Great call. This is the day so far. Did he say pansy? What does he get off? What a mung brain. I run my bike through the melts every Saturday to the list show. And this guy called me named. She might use her shame on you. But the way I've used him some of those bad boys at the Nlampe. No, what are you? Kathleen about egg. This is my con. A million producers in the world and they six me in here with an egg. Hey. Shit is my car. Send a castle. Hello. How many are you? You're used to be such a nice boy. How many are you so terrible? Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. I don't need this. It's offers from other stations. Acadia, Almarra, Fredonia. But instead I stay here and entertain you, grow test. Subtune, do the back. Unbelievable. To me, but hello. Oh, is this Neal Rogers? What kind of phone are you on, sir? How far again? Do you have a dial phone or a one? No, I had to put it to the operator. Who was? What's not going to be? Hey, I was listening to joy. Reynolds on WDKBW last night. Somebody asked you. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't adding more. He's a dodging old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right. Do we be true in two? Oh, she's trying to get a girl prosthetic. And if you think he's bad now, wait till he hatches. Oh, boy. Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not. Quarter after seven, seven, fifteen. Zeta four, Neal Rogers show. Captain Dave, do you think? We've we've had precious few women who want to get in on our kind of thing. First of all, it's Monday. Yeah. Second of all, it's the Monday before Christmas. Mm-hmm. And I think the majority of people are either sleeping or been partying or out of town or in combination of the above. So we may as well just in other words, what? Entertainment, each other. Yeah, we'll just sit here and do whatever the hell we want to do. We'll just sit here and do whatever the hell we want to do. So we may as well just sit here and do whatever the hell we want to do. And then we'll just sit here and do whatever the hell we want to do. Yeah. I think it's a bit. Yeah. I guess it's a mess of my kids It's a mess of my kids It's a mess of my kids It's a mess of my kids All day waiting the morning at the cragist songs And I'd be totally up here isn't then Yeap songs of that no matter where you're down And every steve is a choice You're gonna see that around you Oh, if you do your part like I said Some small things It's a kind of pitchable night We're with Mason's strings I'm like, if we listen kids What I'm saying is need to walk out The bathroom sure look there's a whole new tune Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes Oh my god I wonder how we get to round Yeah, give me just a few things Everyone drippin around Not people who do what I say But get him to talk everyday Get the balls out the glass They saw my guy here It's a mess of my kids It's a mess of my kids Anklich each other's A mess of my kids You're a great boy A drunk one who Matty grew style O建the language But you hear herleton They whtone I like pie cake Yes, I will kill the sun to now No matter what you get, it's... It's a whole different kiss I want to know how we get to France It's bething you ever touch around Now people just do what I say What we've been, just talk to everyday In the world, just always come a guy It's so easy, like, trying to give me something You can't even tell me that you might be any old I want to be with the fuzz Or maybe that my shoulder is a flung bow Yes, yes, yes Yes, I will listen for now No matter what you do, yes It's a whole different kiss It's a different kiss I'm a kiss, I'm a kiss Everybody's a way, it's a kiss I'm a kiss, I'm a... It's a whole different kiss You know it's a dragon, something's a dragon Okay, we already started organizing the room As I look for stuff, we can't find anything I'm looking for something I'll get it back into it in a minute Can you do the weather here, Captain Dave? And then I'm going to do a spot for TJ Sennemanns Is that a forecast? Partly cloudy in mild today with a high of 80 Low to night 69 It'll be increasingly cloudy tomorrow The high of 82 Increasing chance of rain too But the outlook for Christmas partly cloudy in mild And right now it's 73 And self-floor, right? Okay, oh here it is All right, so we'll play this next And but first I have to tell you about Howlty gifts suggestion from TJ Sennemanns And you know we get those in here all the time And the morning and boy are they great Right now when you stop into any of the four TJ Sennemanns Locations in South Florida You can pick up a special Howlty 10 filled with either four of those Scrumpious original cinnamon rolls or five delicious Pecan sticky buns Now howlty 10 is a pretty good for anyone And you can send these incredible Edibles anywhere in the continental US Just stop by TJ Sennemanns today Find out more details on how you can send a special Howlty 10 to someone you love And while you're there pick up a few TJ Sennemanns Give certificates to put into the stockings Or pass out at the office And speaking about the office nothing Wakes up a business meeting better than a cup of coffee And TJ Sennemanns original cinnamon rolls Sennelowf Pecan sticky buns and cinnamon raisin breads Now when we had them last week they do make the coffee taste better In the morning I swear they really do Okay, they're in Pompano Square And they're in the Gala Rhea in Fort Laududeau The Kindle Mall 177th and Kindle Drive And the new location which is 255 University Drive And the Coral Palm Plaza And that's in Coral Springs when we're talking about One of our favorites around here folks We can't seem to get enough of them TJ Sennemanns Alright coming up on 721 at Zeta 4 And the New Rogers Show and date counting next high We're wearing cap and it's in a tricky from sunny out Ricky how you doing today I just want to go with that You just woke up I had the call of course It's like a sickness Yeah it's a disease and you know there's no cure for it Are you aware of that? Well it's a good thing because it feels good Alright You know I've been meaning to ask this for months and months During the so far campaign as for a tape And I was hoping to get the three wins They get on it, I never got that That's gone forever sir I mean it's like gone forever even on private tape That's correct And that's really weird That was the freeway in spikot Was the only thing in the history of Neil and A.M. and here on the F.M. that we took an Authorized We took that from a That's from what's his name in New York What's his name? How not Howard Stern Don I'mus yeah That was a Don I'mus bit And we were unauthorized to play that But it was so funny we played it But that's why I got pulled Because we really weren't supposed to That's the only thing we've ever done like that that we weren't supposed to do That's what happened I was never sure why Because I never got through this and came to me all the time Was always doing breaks or something And I never got the full reason I was the reason That we did something wrong sir We just couldn't resist it was so funny Don't you agree? It was a it was a bad I know It really was a bad thing I mean I always wanted to fill it off You know and And it's safe it but I never got a chance to pay But I'm sorry it's gone I'm sorry it's gone I'm sorry Anyway, how about the James Brown alumni I just played it while you were playing I'm sorry I played it like 15 minutes ago You were unconscious I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry to Mara though Alright Thanks a lot and bye-bye Bye And that was a pretty good bye bye Dave County, hi Good morning Good morning Happy, happy Christmas Yeah same to you happy holidays Christmas week and all that Yeah, I just wanted to call and wish you guys Wish you guys the best of the holidays And I think you're doing a great job Even though meals not around Well we're just trying to sort of relax this week You know because everybody's off and off school and everything And so we're just sort of hanging out playing around, you know Yeah but it's good fun, you know? Yeah good I'm having a good time I am too listening I enjoy you guys I've been listening ever since you came over to the FNM And it's sort of a whole new way of looking at the morning So in other words you never listened to Neil when he was on AM I never lived down here Oh is that right? Where'd you come from? North Carolina Oh boy Is this really like your first Christmas in Florida? I've been Christmas always up in North Florida But this like the first time down in Miami Yeah you're gonna like it 80 degrees on Christmas day Can you believe it? It's like to be said for sitting on the beach on Christmas day I agree Yeah that's the way I like it It's the best and also you know you can You can see what's under those Or what would normally be under those heavy coats Yeah right that's really true Of course you don't have any problem with that Can you believe all these women? That's pretty amazing I want to know what your secret was Yeah I've been wondering myself what I have done to deserve all this But I am enjoying it I guess this is just you know Once you get on the air with Neil Yeah I guess you're right So I'm just gonna try to enjoy it Did you hear the chocolate syrup lady earlier? No not today You missed that call Oh boy we should have taped that one All right well Yeah one last year too You play the other the Neil Rogers disease Or the Glen Hill disease You got it Thanks a lot Great Christmas Okay Captain Dave Okay let me play this request first And then we will get the diseases on for you on say to 724 now He went away and you went around He probably had been on it I was away with you He says things that just weren't very nice My boy friend Bag and your gonna be a travel Hey Hey Hey I'm a better head out of a travel Hey Hey You've been spreading this cult that I was untrue Hey Hey Hey Hey Look out baby Because he's coming out to you Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey He knows what you're better tryin But soon we'll be kind of wild He's a gun in the future long time Hey Hey But now he's back and think he'll be divine Hey Hey Hey You're gonna be for a year or never born Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey You know if I wasn't cheating That's for sure You're gonna take a beating your a bit Oh yeah But no cut you down the side I hate you I hate you I hate you and all you just think of a lot Hey My god Hey He's so sad My reputation Hey Hey I love you So why don't you give my kids today on your permanent vacation Hey I love you I love you I can see him coming. I see him really better going to do a deed as we start running. You're a big boy now but look at you down his side. Because like me he just tends to get to know your hateful eyes. My boy friends back just kind of be such a lot of trouble. I I don't feel like human being. 727 is a before. That's the BJs with my boyfriend's back as we, but we're pressed out richest here with the computer. You disappointed that people aren't asking. Yeah, I'm surprised. We only had a few women call in and maybe some guys who are crustresses may want to call in. Okay, let's just go down the line and see what's on people's minds. And then we'll play one of the things. We'll see what's going on. How are you doing, pal? What's up? How are you today? Not bad, sir. You got your tape. How was it? Good. This is very unusual that we get any response at all. Okay, but I appreciate it. Good deal. Okay, give us one more left. Broward, hi. All right. I'm going to request something. Okay. I know I'm waiting for Thursday. I can tape all the. Oh, yeah. How in Dale vice? Yeah. We got that one right? Okay. I got it right here for you. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. How are you doing? I said, I caught them. You know, so you can do that test. All you want to do the test. Okay. This is what Rich has been waiting for. So how much do you weigh? Okay. I weigh 118. 118. And your haltoa. You have four, boy, that's nice. Wait a minute, how much? My four, I'm that my mind. No, okay. One to come out. The computer says it should be 35. That's exactly it is. Are you serious? So sometimes it works just incredibly. And then all the time just seems like we have exceptions to the rule. Maybe it's like the heavier you are. It goes the formula on a balance. Yeah. I wonder. You know, like, see it, you know, the regular body, you know. Yeah. And that's what I think it can do. I'll be done. I won't time it was way off. Wait, wait a second. Yeah. The one time it was off, it was somebody quoting the weight and height of another person. And even though she knew it real well, maybe that has to do. Well, I'll be done. Well, thanks for helping us out here. Thanks a lot. Dave County, hi. Yeah. Are you doing? I was wondering, do you have any information on how much The reflation was my football game that paid or, I'm like 100 bets against the dolphins. It was got to be shot. Really? What happened? I missed the game. I counted up five or six really bad calls. Yeah, but they still won. So you can't complain, right? I mean, if they had lost, then you would have legitimate complaints. Correct? They would have won with a lot more certainty. Uh-huh. I don't mean it. I mean, it's a tad nippin' to bad calls. Well, see, but I like that when they overcome that, you know, and they still win. I mean, I think that really says it. So, you know, one of the guys just thrown out of the game. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, doing things with you on some really bad calls is bad to the off and flat. They didn't want them to win at home. She just made a ruin home field advantage. Right. Well, now, if they had lost, I would give you total sympathy, sir. But I'll cost me one. Give me an easy and to be with me. Yeah, you're right, but because they won, I'm not going to worry about it. Okay. Right. Life goes on. See you later. Bye. Good morning, sir. How you doing? All right. Thank you for getting the best of them. For what? All right. Glad to do it for you, sir. Listen, now I'm six feet now. I do 20. I'll give you my belly. Okay. We're going to check it out here. See how that comes out. He's six feet tall. Anyway, it's 220. Let's just just curious what is going to come out. Well, let's check it out here. We like to check this out with the guys. Start smoking. Forty four sir. Forty four. That's your belly size. Able. Able. Have a good week, Goy. A man out. Oh, yes, sir. The coach is club album. Coach, your club album. I can just play a certain catch from it, but I'm not going to play the whole album. I'm going to be part of your bit on Thursday. Some of them will be absolutely. Yeah. Was there one in specific that you wanted to hear that? No, I'm just like, That's like Ross did you and Fairfax Avenue stuff like that. I've got a number of month past eight. I want to try to get them all. Well, I'll get everyone that he has carted up in here. I will play it for you right in a row. Okay. Now here's the Neal Rogers disease that we had a request for. Seven thirty two. This is Zeta Four and the Rogers show. Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home, a local, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Beelable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Herald sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral pines. You know the yentense. Oh, no. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. How about those bad boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt the luck. Incredible. Neal Rogers disease. A growing South Florida epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what? I got a night. What's the father got? Three points, I think? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In carob hot 105. Terminal. See a label. It's 734 exactly. Hey, Glenn. Yes sir. The original formula guy here. The guy that gave us the formula the other morning. Yeah. We're the Howard too. This is the man who gave us the formula. Hello. Hello. No, this is not the man who gave us the formula. You got Ferrari 3. Hi. What's up? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you said let's hold on a minute with Captain Day. Let it know you'll put me back on. Uh-oh. What? What did you want? Is this the chocolate syrup lady? Yes. I think I'm safe for sleeping around on the dials. Uh-huh. And it just happened that there was this isn't a lie. This is real truth. And I was wondering, Captain Day heard it. There was a chocolate syrup. The chocolate syrup had a wreck. Is the chocolate syrup trapped that had a wreck? Yes, it's true. I think I might have a… Are you all upset? Yeah. You're just always here and floor. It wasn't in Florida. No. Well then why are you upset? That's like free chocolate. I think I might have gotten rid of it. Uh, we don't have the story anymore. So you've thrown our uh, our formula off. Did you hear that? Yes. We've been doing other women and they've all come out like right on the letter, right on the number. My whole life has always been told I was different. Yeah. You don't… you don't work. You don't work right. Oh yes, I do. Here it is. I'm sorry. What one second? Did you hear the guy call up who wanted to meet you? Um… You missed that call because you were… Uh-huh. Yeah. You really want to meet him? I'm person. I talked for… Okay. Alright. You have to know who you are. By me, I'll be chocolate. What's up? Okay. You got the story? It was in Kansas City. I truck carrying 4,000 gallons of warm liquid chocolate over turn yesterday. Forcing cleanup workers to use a snow plow and sending children's scurrying for sacks. It looked like a chocolate ice ring, a fire department spokesman said. So you're jealous you wish you were there, right? Warm liquid chocolate. You wish you were there? Chocolate syrup open? Yeah. Well, you'll be okay. That's her disgusting. You want to hold on? We want to talk to the male with the formula here. How you doing? Well, so your formula is working basically. But there seems to be some exceptions to the rule as what we found out. Yeah. I, uh, as I mentioned to you the other day, I really discovered this back when I was about an eighth grade. Really? And it worked out real well. It was a great way to introduce yourself to young ladies that you're interested in. It worked very, very well on young women. Is that right? Yes, or Friday when I called this in. I went back to sleep and recorded the rest of the show. Right. But I got a little nervous about the old formula. So all weekend long, of course, I was punching my calculator button. Uh-huh. Almost getting punched down at the same time. And found out that it seemed like the older, the ladies hit the more off it seems to be. And, you know, if you're going to make a mistake, if you think you're wrong, you have to add about an inch to an inch and a half. Then you've got it. I see. I see. Yeah. Well, that would be that would make sense. Unless you've got somebody that just, uh, you know, just totally takes this thing off the wall like the chocolate syrup. Yeah, exactly like the chocolate syrup lady. Although we're, we're kind of close. Or maybe two inches off on her. That's not that bad. Tell us where this formula came from again. You told us Friday. But, um, well, it, it came from a friend of mine who, who raised him. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you said it came from cows. It was a way of, uh, figuring out the girth of a cow I guess. Yeah. And it, it's, it's the numbers verbatim. I guess it works. That, uh, half of his real soul. Yeah. Yeah. And so, yeah, for the most part, it does work. But we do get those exceptions that are just not, you know. Nobody other ways that you've mentioned finding out the same information. I think I've just, no. Yeah. The legislature let him tell me. But as you can see, it's, it's, it's a lot of fun. Yeah. And we've been thrilled to introduce this formula to South Florida. It did seem to catch a lot of, you know, you, you, you, we had a lot of calls about it. And, uh, we've been testing it. But so you think it works best, say, like, on, uh, teenagers. Well, not teenagers through, you know, about 30 years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That seems to be what we're finding. And then, then it gets a little off. And it fits in older woman. I've been adding about two inches. And that, that gets me pretty close. Mm-hmm. But you know, at the other time I ever shared this. I used to teach math here. You know, if the classes were getting open, small, this would perk up the interest. Yeah. Yeah. I bet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, this seems to be a lot of people interested in this. Now, as I say, again, this is not going to be the only thing we do while Neil's gone, or we'll never hear the end of it. I know I can hardly wait to go. Yeah. Oh, boy. You know, the, the doctor we're talking about, uh, Brassizes and breasts on the Neil Roger show is pretty incredible if you think about it. It certainly is. Yeah. But we've had a lot of fun with it. But this is probably the last day we're going to mess with it. I have to admit that I mean, the show is, uh, is this much fun is listening to Neil and you guys are doing a great job. Well, that's a great compliment. Thanks a lot for helping us out. See you later. All right. All right. Dave County. Hi. Are you doing it? All right. How are you doing? How are you doing? First time we're calling, right? Is that right? Yeah. You're afraid to talk to Uncle Neil? Huh? Are you? Oh, no, no. I guess I was hurting about that computer. Oh, yeah. What do you think about it? What do you think about it? It looks good so far. I want to try it on me. It's what happened. You do? Yeah. Okay. Let's go. How much do you weigh? Uh, about 190, 180, 180, 180. Let's put 1952 in. And how tall are you? Five nine. Five nine. This is real funny on men. Oh, okay. The computer says 42. What? 42. Oh, wait man. Maybe that's the size of your stomach. I got up 33 almost 32 weight. It doesn't work on guys. And Neil taller. I work on weight. It's five nine and 190 something and you have 92 waist. Well, God bless you man. We're got a lot of songs. If you've got to go into the gym and work out, won't you? I guess you're right. Yeah, it doesn't seem to work on guys. And Neil would love it if we had a formula for guys, but we don't. All right. So you enjoy it as we try it on women today, some. All right. Great show. You're doing good. See you later. Okay. Let's play another request we had this morning. Have it heard this in a while. There are two Miami cops with a hot dubie. There are the streets fighting cry. They pops. That's a handicap face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In hell and they'll buy. We get a problem. The grey game is a two little tricks. We've sent it in that the group has seen your citizens to win around trying to get the early birds, Special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. This is tough enough. Clean up the streets. Hey, lady. You can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line. Yeah, they're determined. We clean up the smudling business. All right. Sister, you're under arrest. Oh, so now you're arresting my wife. What's the charge? Session of powder. I'm going to first let's see that white stuff. Yeah, just a thought. She's got over 100 bags in here. Over to sweet and low from that restaurant. She just came out of. Let's take a minute. Yeah, it's very comfortable. It might be comes on a hot movie. Here in the LNDL vise. To bearing this fall on MBC. Okay, 742 now in Zeta, Dave, do you think I dare go back and talk to the chocolate lady? Or should I wait? I don't, that's up to you. I'm not going to say it, man. Because it's pretty terminal to me. It is. It's like, you know, this repetitive phone call. Terminal? A lot of people probably want to hear from or something. Maybe you should. Do you really think it's repetitive? Well. Hmm? Okay, Dave County, hi. Oh, Glenn? Hey. Hey, listen. Yeah. Well, see, I got to ask you something. Okay. My sister's got to tell watermelon to measure. Uh-huh. But see, me myself, I like flat women. So I go to flat by you. That's from the aggressive. Uh-huh. And also, I'm going to tell you, don't. How can you, uh, an easy, open phrase? No, wait a minute. Can you give us any, uh, stats on your sister? Like, uh, hide and wait or anything? Well, she's about a hundred pounds or less. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you have any idea how tall she is? Yes, that's about five, five, six. Let's put in five, six, and see what it comes up. Uh, 33. Comes out to a 32, no cup. 32. And you say that's not right, huh? Huh? You say it's, you think she's more than a 32? She beat that by the bottom of my. Okay. Well, a good luck to you. Chock that syrup lady. Yes. You're still there. Um, you're leaving Thursday for vacation. That's, th-thers these my last day for 10 days. Oh. Are you going to be okay? Yeah, I'm going to be fine because I'm going to be leaving too. Where are you going? I'm not taking any. Any one? I think. Uh, are you going to Kansas City? Uh, where the chocolate truck overturned the cab was. Why do you penalty? You're going to Tennessee? Yeah. All right. When will you be back? Oh, God. Next year. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, I've enjoyed talking to you, but they seem to think you're repetitive around here. So I'm going to have to move along, okay? Oh, okay. Dave said that. Can you believe that? Thanks. I mean, serious. If you were laying down and you didn't have a shirt on, and I would have poor hot baby oil all over you. Well, I am laying down with a shirt off, but that's what I thought. That's the way I always do this show. Really? On your back or on your stomach? Do you really think she's repetitive? Very.