You feel a pretty just heart to throw in. You feel a pressure if you were. You feel your side and all the flow in. You feel a family about the fire. I don't know if there's the wall. Just take off down the hall. There's a bathroom on the right. Okay, just a minute before we go on. What are these lines flashing for? Did I say anybody should call us? Did I ask if anybody's upset that we're not carrying the hearings again? I mean, it's on WLRN. Okay, if you're one of those pain-and-any-ass people who wants to hear the hearings, it's on pubic radio WLRN. Okay, so leave us alone. Will you please? Look at that. All the lines in Broward or flashing. Do you think there's something going on that I don't know about? Wait a minute. Let me just do this. Hello. Yes it is. What's the favor, man? What is it we can do for you? Now they're all flashing. Yes. You're a little bit more about what? Artigo? And Dwarte? No, Dwarte is right. He wanted a 10th race in Colder yesterday. Okay, hello. Hello? Hello. Yeah, what do you want? Do you want to know what are your tacos? Maus meat. Hello. Hello. Jose Jimenez. Adios, sauce to the way, go. Hello. Hello. Oh yeah, this is, we've got a whole cult of crank colors already. This one, we haven't even started the show. And Fred Chances and here yet. So, you know, went and down. Yeah, the bathroom on the right. You're standing from the tip of the ship to Kira. You're chasing down with John Fiches. You feel your head descend to the wheel. You feel a room being spent. I don't find my tutors. If my tutors don't lose, there's a bathroom on the right. Don't throw up on us. Drive once in a bus. There's a bathroom on the right. There's a bathroom on the right. And by the way, we gave you a bald ski star. A cult yesterday, only paid five bucks. But what are you complaining about, right? Now, we didn't know it was going to pour like that. Or that they'd take it off the grass. But that should make no difference. Of course not. That's no excuse. So you should be loaded. It sounds like most of Marlotte is met her. Fact is morning, but that's another story. This early in the morning, too. Fred Chances is going to be our guest today. So the rumor goes to talk about sex. By the way, it's been rumors, speaking of rumors, that we discussed nothing but sex and perversion on his show. Isn't that disgusting? But Fred Chances is going to be here to talk about sex and perversion today. If he shows up, now you think maybe Fred does something develop that Fred now? He'll be here, right? At 11? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did you hear this? Now he tells me he's going to be here at 11 o'clock. Just moments ago, he said to me, I can't imagine why he isn't here yet. Now he says to me, he's going to be here at 11 o'clock. Open his mic when you're pleased. Oh, yeah. Because now we've got him on the defensive again. We've got him right where we want him now. He's had it. The statement is still accurate. He's scheduled at 11. And I said, I can't imagine why he's not here. Oh, no. What's weird about that? No, you were expecting him at 10. Just like I was. What's bells on? Yeah, with bells on. See? For, you know, in and of course, when Fred's not here at 11, he'll say, oh, I booked him at noon. No, no. I mean, I know it's a lot of work for you that we have like one guest every three weeks on his show. It's probably overwhelming you. Maybe we can soften your workload a little bit. Why appreciate it. Yeah. But you're going to soften your workload on Saturdays. I'll tell you that because when the book comes out tomorrow, I'm going to announce on the year that I will no longer work Saturdays. I can't do it. You can't do it. No. And I'm not going to go to our program. Our program director doesn't speak to me anyway. He avoids me like the plague. He's so afraid to say something to him that will wound him. He speaks to you. Like good morning, douchebag or something like that. No, I'm serious. He just avoids me like the bubonic play. He does not. Yes, he does. He does. Like you. Well, that may be. But from a distance, you know, from a safe distance. And the six days a week man is too much. Because by the time, you know, you get through with Saturday. It's Monday all over again. Well, I tried to warn them about this about month or two ago. That. Do you believe that he's got the gall to sit here like pretending that nothing's going on? He said to me, just moments ago he said, I can't understand why Fred is in here yet. So. And then you come on like nothing happened to all. Oh, he's not going to be here until 11. He just make it up as you go along. There's nothing weird about that. And I didn't book him. You did know you. Is it matter of a I said in your no wrong. I said in your office on Friday when you call to remind the secretary. Right. And you said 10 a.m. Monday. No. Yes. I didn't say any time. I didn't say any time. I just called up and said, I just reminding. And I said to you, 10 o'clock. And you said, yes. So what difference does it make? Now, this is starting to be like the Chris Sloan. Yeah. Yeah. Ifроп drive would guess who don't show up and with a wrong guest on a wrong show and like when Ernest, out 4 guest Yeah up on the same day. You don't have a course, we all know what happened to Chris. Yeah, what did that being the Chris. By the way. No, I don't know what happened to him. I'm telling you just a second. Oh, here it comes. You weren't know what happened. That's what happened to Chris I built, right. You're right. Now that I think about it, you are right. I mean, he was you know, I mean, he was, you know, I mean, he was, you know, nice guy in a restore of freight train, but he didn't like to work is basically the bottom line. Well, that's the difference between you and one of them. He was my kind of person, you know, somebody just likes to show up every day and have a couple of meals and the shoes around and go home, take a paycheck. Don't bother me with work. Those are our favorite employees. Does that remind you of anybody in this room? Adios? But that's good because it gives me an opportunity. I mean, everybody in town has worked up to a frenzy, you know, and everybody ran out and they spent 80 bucks to buy the New York Times yesterday. Well, some of us get it delivered to our home. And it was 330 in a morning Sunday morning. It was at my house. Yeah. Wonderful news, pay off, otherwise. And just before I was going to bed at 6 a.m. I went out. Well, listen, you went and tell us about what was going on. No, I certainly don't. Your house. No, I don't. No, I certainly don't want to. You have to use your own imagination. You watch the man throw the newspaper. But it was pretty exciting. Anyway, I went out to the clock in the morning and I brought into New York Times. And here's the Sunday magazine and the picture on the front cover. We'll probably the way is not the Westinghouse ad picture Lee Lee told us this morning. Those 20 of us who were listening that this front cover is the inaccurate picture. That's not the one. And the one in the line. Sia. Yeah. Lee. Well, he's question for you. Yeah. Question for you. Who's telling the truth? Point extra or Reagan. Question for you. It did say in the paper, by the way, in fact, it's on page 19. 18 and 19. The erroneous, well, it is a picture. We can't say that, but it's not what it appears to be. Right. But most things in life are not what we're going to be. But it said in your favorite paper this morning that polster Lou Harris was going to be. I guess this morning. Yeah, I'm upset that Lou wasn't on 11 o'clock. Oh, good. Good. Good. And they just made that up. Oh, then he's going to be like you did moments ago. He's going to be on Texas show tomorrow. But anyway, everybody's making a big to do this article. And it's not, you know, it's not that there's so much wrong in it. There are a few factual mistakes. But there's, you know, it's nothing. It's like rehashed, warmed over, chipped beef on toast. You know what I'm saying? And it talks about Miami. Like it's a little tiny dot that's all like locked into itself. Like there's nothing else going on here. Really, like there are 4 million people who live in Miami instead of in date, Broward and Palm Beach instead of like 400,000. Four winners who live in Miami. Yeah. And it's much to do about nothing. And if the politicians here would have been smart, which they're not, they would have just ignored it. But they've made such a big fuss and to do about it. And Charlie Lighthead for once, you know, every once like every year Charlie writes something that makes sense. Which I guess if you write like 300 columns a year one is going to make sense. And he of course, you know, says basically the same thing that the article is correct. And what's everybody getting all bent out of shape about it's nothing. It's the most superficial piece of mong that anybody could ever imagine. I read the whole thing twice to see if I was missing something like what's the big deal. Nothing. Then you have days of like you were reading that time magazine. I have days of who right now like Chris Lone is back. I think my guests. We, am I going to talk about Fred not being here anymore? What does that mean? Oh you. Oh, he wants to know in other words if we're going to talk about the subject to leave your mic on if not it's a. I'm not late. Tell him to relax. He's not relaxed. Well, I'll tell you Saturday he was just apocalyptic. I mean he was going crazy up there in the last half hour of the show. Yeah, and it turned out that there were some people on the phone who just he just can't even begin. It said you should have seen stand. I'm sorry. I missed all by the way. Speaking of stand. I got a great. I got to talk about the Broward Mall because boy did we give the audit. We gave him bald ski star and the Broward Mall. I should have seen when to oh yeah when Michael Talbot called I was my mother's having a wonderful God that must have been he was running around in circle. Oh, must have been beyond believe was what it what was the word he used he's shook up. Yeah, he was shook up and then the news came and he was still shook up. I told him nobody even knows who Michael Talbot is okay. I mean it was so boring. He still said he had the audacity to play it again. He played it again a 40 minute phone call and I heard he admitted to me yesterday that he played it again in the five o'clock hour. When I let's stop and examine it okay 40 minutes times two is 80 minutes that's an hour and 20 minutes. Now when you're only working for hours. And you have a phone call that goes 40 minutes and you play it twice. He's not dummy. No. Well, I wouldn't go that far. He's still beside himself still today. Yeah, he's still shook up. How do you know that? He's not up yet. I know Stan. He sleeps really bad. Just no stand sleeps really. No you're thinking of him. You don't know him. Anyway, the Broward Maldias today we were there and it was well, I guess the rain had a lot to do with it. It puts everybody inside that otherwise would be outside. And I tell you something nobody in their life has ever seen anything like what was in the Broward Maldias today was just loaded even the ugly people were good. At the Broward Maldias today, I mean, I have never in my life seen such a display. This play is exactly the word. See he redeemed himself give them another 30 seconds on a clock. That's what we're going to do with you from now on. I have to come up with a plan for each and for each good one will give you another 30 seconds with their mic open and for every, you know, phone head remark, then we take away a minute. Was the display award winning? It was beyond award winning. And then there was this table. They called me over. There were these three young people. Two guys in his young lady. And they called me over and they said, you were right. And I had brought them over there from the Galleria. How do you like that? You were right as usual. As usual, we were right on target on this show. We told him the Broward Maldias where it was happening. And I'm going to tell you if you're a people watch or just a pervert who wants to affect people in wherever it is. Yesterday at the Broward Maldias, man, I'm going to tell you something. There were on it was like dying and going to heaven. It really was. Yeah. So all of you creeps out there who call last week about the Galleria, you're full of it. You're full of crap. Okay. The Galleria is desolate. There's nobody there. You know, maybe a couple of silly queens running around somewhere in a Galleria. That's about it. There is nobody there in the Galleria. Ghost town. That's a lot. If you want to see where it's happening, the Broward Maldias. Although you stand didn't make a good point yesterday. And of course it's about time. He made the point that if we get too carried away on the air, then all these pain in the ass, all the old people and a lot of these other folks will start running into the Broward Maldias and jamming it all up possible. Yeah. And we don't want to do that. No. No matter if we would like to be the only the two only ugly people in the Broward Maldias. And let's keep it that way. You went to the food court patio. We would mobbed. We mobbed. Jam packed. Yeah. And what did Stan eat? I'm afraid to ask. Could be actionable. But when Fred comes here, then it's clinical. Sure. No. We didn't eat anything as far. Oh, in fact, I had a fruit juice if you pardon the expression. And he had his usual diet coke. Pretty excited. And that was it. Well, we didn't go there to eat. I just am. I understand. And you did do what you said. So Fred's coming at noon. 11 o'clock as it's been scheduled for about a month and a half. 11 o'clock. You can be okay. You can care less when he's here. You don't care. He'll be here with all the perversion at 11. You'll be alright. Just relax. Let's make a move. That's right. Nick said you're here. Stick that like a peer that you just reach into a game of four-week old moons. A game ball we go. Nothing up the sleeve. And trick two. Hello, sweetheart. Who can we get from Rocky? You're flying away here. Well, wow. Four-week old moons. Here. We did. With this, Dan Nail from Thumb, follicle. That's follicle, most. The really stupid new hairstyle being Kelly Hall. The chocolate dessert that ate fast by palm. We want to welcome Jeff Gonser back from vacation on Zeta. And we also want to thank the people of music to go video and W. Please to know that we passed along the two Jim Morrison posters. Two Mr. Gonser this morning because I told him no station in America deserves to have those more than Zeta. And we want to thank them for the petitions that they forwarded to as they had people signed for so far. Right. And we were going to send those all up to Washington this week. This is the week that was. Yeah. To Larry Smith. That's right. Good thing we don't send them to Claude Pepper. Because he's worried about the founder of Thumb. Claude Pepper. He's the epitome of what Florida's all about, isn't he? He's about a hundred years old. See now and they love him. They don't know. But I'm just saying he epitomizes what's wrong with this state. They can't get enough of it. In fact, his picture should have been on the front cover of the New York Times magazine. Not this police business with the busting the drugs. Claude Pepper should have been on the front. And it's a commodity with the tool. If there's a way that they could have printed it so that you could have read it that way, then it would have been a much more accurate reflection of what the hell's wrong here. But it just astonishes me, man. These people get all of they have these emergency meetings. And they're going to really get even. They're sending a letter to the editor of the damn New York Times. Well, that is shown. Right. That is shown a thing or two. Isn't it amazing by 930 yesterday morning. All the New York Times is we're sold out. A new stands from just every host to coach. And that's what they did with all this publicity. Exactly. At 250 a pop. Yeah, Joe's made a fortune. Yeah, 350 copies. Yeah. And by 930, they were sold out. Yeah. Yeah. That signs. And the two other new stands in South Florida probably there. I mean, what an intellectual thing. Like every 30 miles. You know, it's like going on the turnpike. You know, where the gas stations are in the turnpike. Like every 30 to 45 miles is another gas station. It's the same with a new stand. Like every 30 miles you'll find another one. It's sufficient because there might be a couple of people who aren't. So we need more. Yeah. More. We have more than a couple. In a couple of some parts of town where you won't find any. But because nobody who lives there can read anyway. It's true. So what do you have to say for yourself? About what? About being such a douchebag? About about screwing up your one-lousy gas. I didn't screw up anything. Nothing. This he was scheduled. You asked go, you want to go to 11. So that's when I put them. So that's morning. And I said, you know, where is spread? You know, where is spread? You know, where is spread? You know, where is spread? Ed. When you came in here as a matter of fact, a three and a half minutes after ten. He's not booked to 11 o'clock. It was right in front of you. Mr. Agreable, of course, he said, Oh, I can't understand it either. And I said, well, maybe he'll walk in at the last minute. He's famous for doing that. It was written in huge letters. You didn't respond in any way that indicated to me. I said, all right, call up, uh, get Lyman on the phone. In Washington, let's get Arthur Lyman on the phone. He's busy. We don't have time for him to question Admiral Poindex. We want to have him put you on the witness standing grill you for the rest of the hour. You're perfectly capable of doing that yourself. 27 after ten at WI and Z, we profusely apologize to the audience. All of whom were expecting Fred to be here with his sex talk at 10 o'clock, but, uh, you know, when you're dealing with incompetence, that's what happens. This is Neil Roger. I'm a girl, and I shave. And well, you know how we shave. But sometimes I have to tackle a Madonna-sized job. That's when I use the Lady Madonna-shaver. The Lady Madonna-shaver works like a power-rate tree move, unwanted hair with three settings. Silk, Cheg, or the extra-sectives bone-crushure. Thanks Lady Madonna-shaver. Use according to directions. Please. By the way, we had a new entry in the Wins' cackle-off. Did you hear it on Saturday? We had a brand new entry from back to the future. I'd say it. Brian, can you play that? No. Well, it's like you said, Saturday. Everybody in his brother has, you know, an imitation of the Glendale laugh. So what does that tell you? It tells me they're laughing at you all over town. That's exactly what it tells me. What do you think? Did you think it sounded like me or not? It does. That was pretty-anyway. This New York Times magazine thing. These are important questions. Is this news to anybody a city be set by drugs and violence? Sounds like- I mean, there are so many of these animals, and that's exactly what they are, by the way. Animals on the streets peddling. It's like a supermarket. Everywhere. It's like a town. All over town. Animals, barbaric subhumans, they don't deserve to be alive. And of course there are some people who perceive that as being a racial remark, and so be it. I don't really care whether you like it or not, because it's true. Sure. It's all in the excuse. No, it does hit only. The excuse always is well, you know, somebody else is putting them up to it. Who? But isn't it interesting though that there always are people willing to make a fast, easy buck instead of going out and getting an honest job? Sure. And I'm telling you, man, this town is just loaded with animals who are out there peddling this crap. I agree. I agree. I don't really care whether you agree or not to be honest with you. I don't think is there anybody who cares whether or not. I don't care whether you agree or not. Well, you're scrambling. And you ought to be scrambling. I'd be scrambling too if I had such a push job. Such an easy job. With two talk shows that really have any guests at all. Now, let's see, Alibrar is going to be on with stand tomorrow, right? Yeah. Now, what time is that going to be about seven o'clock? Two o'clock. Because he's got a dream daylight time. That's right. Because he's he has to leave here at three because he's got to go get an plane. Oh, yeah. It's got to get an a win. Jet blimp. You know, if you lost five pounds a week, I want you to stop and think about this. Speaking of blimp, stored blimp suddenly. I wonder what's stopping think about it. Most fat people, we want to lose like 20 pounds a week or some impossible number. But if you lost five pounds a week in an year, that's 260 pounds. Which is more than I wait. That's right. Here it is. You don't want to lose 260 pounds. No. But if you lost five pounds a week for 13 weeks, that's it. That's all you need. Is 65 pounds. Yeah, 20 pounds a month. Right? Pretty simple, I think. I do too. The only way to do it though is to stay away from Stan Major. He's a bad influence. I was doing so well. Those taste until yesterday. No, not tasty cakes. And yet against. Forgetty. Ah, man. That's a pretty salvos again. I mean, the food is great. But I'm telling you, I can't eat it. The man doesn't understand. He refuses to understand. He'll now watch it or remember. It's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail. That's the most important thing in life. Well, I'll remember that is watching your friends fail because misery loves company. Yeah. So like if the book comes out tomorrow and I get like a two share or something. There'll be a lot of people I know in this business. Well, thank boy, that's great. Yeah, they'll say, see what we predicted all along. That this is just a flash in the pan. The ratings are just, you know, just a fluke. Yeah. It's all because of Hellendale. And Sunny Rose and Berg and RJ and Tendola was all just a fluke in February. Now, you're rating's have been up for 11 and a half years. You had great ratings at night. Phenomenal rating. But it doesn't make any difference. You come up in the after tomorrow after the big flurry when we get the numbers off the computer. And you know, on one side of the building, they'll be running around and joy. On the other side of the building, they'll be running around, you know, trying to pierce themselves with sharp instruments. What does it mean? You know, when you come right down to it. And I've been saying that consistently. These people who say, well, these are bragging too much and all is about the ratings. It doesn't make any difference. It doesn't. Something to talk about, but it doesn't make any difference. It really doesn't. I mean, I still have to even work on Saturday. Yeah. People who've got like two's in the last book. Do they work on Saturday? Not a one-way Jose. Not a one-way. Only Alice works. And he only works three hours every three out of four Saturdays. Even he gets one out of four Saturdays off. That's right. Nobody works Saturday. No. Nobody in their right mind. Rikki Tiki works Saturday. On Saturday. All the time. I know it's constantly. Even when he's live, he's on Sunday. He's regressing folks. No. I'm not. What did they do to deserve this on a Monday morning, by the way? That's probably what people in my audience are asking themselves. What is it that we did to deserve this so early in the week? But I will say this my mother likes you one year. Now what does that tell you? Well, she's got terrible taste. She knows nothing about this business. I mean, she has a lot of wisdom in other areas, but when it comes to, as a matter of fact, I listen to my mother the same way I listen to our program directly. Whatever she tells me, I do the opposite. And it works out great. So far, knock on woodman. Works like magic. In fact, my mother probably ought to get into radio programming. She'd be great because she knows the opposite of everything that's going to work. Boy, I can just see her in that office in the PD's office. Yeah. At least the food around here would be better anyway. What all get bad? True. Everybody would get fed. They'd have 18 course lunches. She cut down yesterday, though, or Saturday. Only had a 17 course. Oh, oh. We're cutting back. Into during the part of woodboat for her to come in here. I get a, yeah. Max headroom would love the food, boy. Anyway, what were we talking about? Talking about your future at another station in the market. Yeah, which one? Well, when the book comes out tomorrow, then you'll be able to do some shopping. You'll have like kind of a shopping list. All the ones that are dying. In fact, you may not have to go too far. You may have to just walk up to the other end of the building. All speaking of the other end of the building. Well, this is kind of in the middle of the building. Do you remember Joanna? Oh. I hate to bring this up. Oh, boy. I hate to bring it up ladies and gentlemen. Well, she won't hear it. Now, while I take back everything good that I said about her on whatever day that was that she was in here. I take it all back. So, you wouldn't you thought that she would have learned the lesson? I thought we had taught her. And we tried to be jovial about it and have a good time. Instead of, you know, putting her out on the tower number two and hanging her out there for committing the Cardinal sin. Yeah, it's right. I thought we were really neat about it. And you're exactly right. I mean, what do you want to tell the story? I mean, I don't have three and a half hours to kill before you tell the story today. We can't we have a guest coming. Allegedly 11 o'clock Pacific Coast daylight. Posts are just something. Yeah. I walked up to the receptionist desk on Friday. And she was sitting there listening to WGTR, a direct competitor of Zeta. And I went up and I said, why are you listening to WGTR? This is after all that we went through Thursday. And she said, oh, that's Zeta. I said, they just gave the call letters. It's WGTR. You know what I would have said to her? Yeah, but say it anyway. Are you? I have doubts about people who I think she's going to be. Where did she say she used to work at some school station? Yeah. I think she's going to be back there pretty soon. She really tried to impress us by telling us that she was on WKPAC. For whatever it is, we were going to be real impressed when there's. She's really pissed about this. Now, she's foaming at the mouth about you. He's right though this time. I'm not taking you so I'm not taking up for you anymore. I mean, we thought we'd touch it less in last week, but forget it. Right? I thought we had been very gentle. And I think now she's going to have to spend a week with Stan. Perfect. At his plantation pad. The perfect punishment. Yeah. Actually, the only thing that Stan would really do is he would tie her down to the sofa and play the recording of the frogs over and over and over again for hours. That's all he would do. Maybe that'll teach you. Wait a minute, who was that? Because then, well, that's our new us McGill or new runner. McGill? Yeah. McGill? I think that's his name. Who sent him over here? The Harold? It's not his name, McGill? I think that's his name. No, I don't think so. Nobody knows for sure. Oh, yeah. He's the spy from Lee Fowler. Ah, there he is. Great. Okay. We know Lee sent you over here. Don't worry about it. We're easy to get along with. We're not paranoid. We don't worry about spies. Anything we've got, you know, you can have it. It's starting right over here, but Lee can have him any day of the week. He doesn't want you though. Because you don't talk loud enough. You got to talk real loud. But he on with Lee. And to get in on the fun, get in on the action. We have a full menu. Question for you. Would you drive your car from Miami to New York? Would you do it? Give in on the truck? Would you do it? Give in on the action. Give in on the fun on a Lee Fowler show. Thunder things again this afternoon. Watch out for those thunder things. Okay. Give them another 40 seconds. We're giving y'all a little bit of a follow up. I'm going to go get the mail and get Fred. I'm going to go get Fred. What makes you think that Fred is here? He's not booked to want to clock. Boy, oh, boy. You know, it just turns your whole system upside down. I didn't even want to come in here this morning. Anyway, I thought it was Sunday. I thought this was the beginning of my weekend. And then I come in here and I sit down and all the surprise. You thought you had a guest at 10 o'clock right? Wrong. And so now you have to kill an hour all by yourself. And that's so not easy to do. Man, I'm telling you. It's really difficult. As you can see, we're only 40 minutes into the hour. We still have like about 18 minutes to go. Maybe Mike Wolf would like to do 15 minutes ahead of lines. Or we could bring in what's your name, chatterbox, to laugh for about 10 minutes, right? To embarrass and degrade and de-base, Guy again at Broadcasting. But we won't do that because we only allow that between 6 and 7 p.m. We figure most of the people are eating dinner at that hour anyway. And we've never had a number of that hour anyway, right? So why should we change now? With all the success that we've been having lately, we don't want to overdo it. We want to give everybody else an opportunity. Which is why we do that embarrassing, degrading, debasing subhuman hour between 6 and 7. You do understand that Mike Wolf was a good guy. My cash to go through therapy every evening. When he leaves here at 7 o'clock, he goes right to his shrink before he goes out into the woods again. On real, anyway, now that walking death has a vacated room for a few minutes, I can get back into this article again by Robert Cheryl. And if you're reading it, and I'm sure a lot of you have, well, some of you, I don't want to say a lot of you have, because a lot of you didn't get the New York Times. They just weren't that many copies around town. But to all of this crap about the beacon council and all these other self-appointed experts who know what's right with the town, and here's this disgusting, revolting picture of these old, right-wing Cuban farts, you know, with their tubas and their flags and the Cubans were the first freedom fighters, this disgusting sign. And all the business about bilingualism is this something brand news is something we don't already know and about all the drug money and the banks. And as a matter of fact, the guy is probably, as I read this, I thought he was being a little bit kind. He understated the fact. And the last part of the article really, he quotes everybody got something positive to say, although there are a couple of paragraphs, now he says Miami were voodooist practiced by many. Now that line is a little bit peculiar. I mean, if more than two is many, I guess that's true. I mean, we other than the politicians, we don't have a lot of people who do voodoo and of course, stands audience who have their little stand major voodoo dolls, but basically that's about it. I should have known that we weren't going to get very much of a reprieve now look at that. What is that all about that seems to be a voluminous amount of mail? We should make major come in when we get mail call every day, because he gets so upset. He's so paranoid about this mountain of mail that comes in for this show every day. Of course, most of it is garbage. Here's plain truth magazine. Herbert W. Armstrong, we get mail from dead people on this show. It's true. Farrow's books, PHAROS, that sounds like something very sexual or question about it. Just by the horse at 20 to one, he came in at 115. Very cute, is that cute or what? Wait a minute, this is from Phil Sautzman. So it says that called a race track, it's on a call or postcard. Wow. He heard that when Glenn Hill was young, he wasn't allowed to play with a neighborhood kid, so he played with himself. He's a real man. Stan Major is a walking ad for mailbox. I think this really is from Phil Sautzman. I can't, I don't know, I'm not really sure. Here's another one. Is this another card from called a? Oh, but this is different handwriting. Yeah. Started out for Belmont, but Delta landed here at Calder. Yeah, now see these are not from Phil. Another one from called. No. Or is this one from? Oh, it's got a picture of Billy Graham with Jim and Tammy Fay. You're there, I'm here, who cares? This is from Oakland, California. He heard FM K's app in Sacramento, KYU in San Francisco. Call me about visiting, double-sided, and I'm going to say about visiting W-I-N-Z Wendy. What? We're getting into a here at Mayo. We started out the show. I said, down we get all those incoherent calls off the air. Now we're getting incoherent mail. This one ought to be good. This is from another lunatic over on the beach. I should read his letters on the air. Lord Jehovah Omega Shiva Christ and all the gods travels in a great disc full of lights. Oh, boy. This is from our good friend, Tom Bassoka. Angels of different mansions. Miami Beach. Well, we're just loaded with stuff. Then here's another letter from Oakland, California, from Shal Lyman, which goes unopened into the waste basket. The old things are not good. That incredible character that used to just to devastate talk shows from coast to coast and Florida. Boy, if the mail and the colors are that good so far, you can just imagine what the rest of the week is going to be like, right? Now tomorrow I'm doing my whole show on the Broward Mall. Oh, my mail. Now tomorrow we got the book coming out. What, this is it? This is all mine. What is all this? Oh, boom in the box is starting in again. Let me see, did we get any considerable amount? Well, that's not too bad. Not too great. And you know why it's not too great, don't you? I don't want to start in that business like I did a week ago today about certain individuals in the building, but it's going to be a while before they come back. Oh. Yeah. Oh, is the best that he can contribute to that? You were one of the conspirators in that. You were part of the conspiracy to put that hearing crap on the ear. Not my department. Absolutely. You're a department. Absolutely. As somebody I know would say in the business. Now this is interesting. Here's a stamp self at a restaurant envelope and it says, nothing. Oh, I see. Boom in the box. Okay. Millford aircraft parts in Miami. Maybe they want to send a picture to the sand in East is. That would, uh, that would get him. What is that? Look at the address. It's great. Lori Shepfield, the top theme of Calam show. Why don't you just throw all this junk out? Why don't you just go into mailbox every day and throw it all in the waste basket? I mean, all of it. That boon in the boxes. And it also says on the screen that you have calls, call waiting. This man is given no meaning to the expression call waiting. Most people think the call waiting means that when you have one call, that, uh, you hear the little beep that indicates you have another one call waiting in his case means that when everybody tries to call to do any business in this radio station, he's in here, musseling in on every show on the ear. Oh, he's musseling in. Next thing, you know, he'll be musseling in on Marshall Moore show. The Catholic nostalgia game. Excellent. Always at a game or is that just an ad for it? No. Is the Pope Catholic? And look who it's addressed to, I think there may be some symbolism in this morning's male ladies and gentlemen. It's addressed to Chris Sloan, Caroleneo Rogers show. A stalevel. They haven't played the hysterical new board game is the Pope Catholic created by two Catholic psycho-therapists. They give us such productions as Sister Mary Ignatius, non-sense and patent leather shoes. This is pretty exciting. Right in the waist basket. No good male today folks. Don't let him kid you. Just a more obfuscation. It's just another smoke screen. Here's a postcard in a letter. Heinle, I'm watching you. See you in September. Love John Paul. And look at there he is. There's one of those pictures of the Pope with his, you know, the ring around the eyes. Which is okay. But you know, when a priest has ring around the collar, then he's in big trouble. Here's one addressed. K&EEL. This ought to be good. Another one with the Pope. Man, the Pope people are coming out of the closet now. They're in going crazy and look at that. The bird of paradise is dropping little things on the Pope's forehead in this picture. Can you believe that? Love Johnny it says. Isn't that cute? May the bird of paradise. But you notice at least the bird is nice and I mean he's not dropping it on the Pope's Beanie. Because he doesn't want to further infuriate the Jews in South Florida. At least he's going to keep his Beanie clean. Back there's going to be a concession. Maybe they can watch the Pope's Beanie when he comes. You know, like they come up to you at the intersection and want to watch your windows. Mr. Prouler. Sirius. Here's a letter. I don't know. That's the guy's real name. Mr. Prouler. A letter from the FCC. The commission appreciates the first amendment rights of broadcasters. However, the commission's recent action restricting indecent broadcasts to times when there is not a reasonable risk that children may be in the audience is a reasonable. Time-place and manner restriction that is permissible under the first amendment. This is from Edith Wise. Chief of the complaints and investigations branch enforcement's division mass media bureau of the FCC in Washington, D.C. Pretty exciting. Ten minutes before 11 and W.I.N.C. Let's take our last break of the R when we come back. We'll see if we can't really set the stage. Can't get the audience whipped up into a frenzy. And, of course, if there's anybody who is at the Broward Mall yesterday, they're probably still in a frenzy. This is Austin Burke, Jr. At Austin Burke's, we take pride in the way you look. When you look good, you feel good. See what a smooth collar looks like. See what a clean seat feels like. Nobody likes a baggy pair of trousers or event that spreads beyond its normal means. For over 40 years, this is the tradition that Austin Burke's been built around. Let us tailor a fine quality single, a double breasted suit for you, in a selection of colors and fabrics that are second to none. We feature sporecodes and slacks in a variety of lightweight blends and silks that are perfect for the South Florida lifestyle. No matter what size we fit every man from 27 to 74 with the special effort that's made Austin Burke number one. So take yourself to 2601 north west, six to Avenue facing I-95. We're open Monday through Saturday 9 to 5 30. Call 5 7 6 2714 for directions. Remember at Austin Burke's, we won't let you wear it unless it fits. Come in and register to win a trip to the Bahamas. No purchase necessary. Hey, stop Miami. Here's your chance you've been hearing me rave about some of the great delies in North Aid and Broward. Well now there's lots of locks, Delhi at the corner of US one and 150 seconds street in the coral reef shopping center. At lots of locks you'll find a pulperi of delicious, Delhi delights like their Philadelphia-style sandwiches, including the skyscraper club stuffed with turkey, bacon, ham, cheese, tomato and lettuce. In the fish platter department, choose from Nova Locks, Chub, Kipperd Salmon, Sabel Whitefish or Sturgeon all hand selected by the owner. And for breakfast try any style of lots of locks as omelets always cooked with three eggs and stuff to the max. You'll find lots of locks at the corner of 150 seconds street and US one in South Miami and for your convenience they're open every day, seven days a week from 730 in the morning until 4pm. You tell Henry that Neil Rogers sent you by for great Delhi any time to lots of locks. 10th of the two at WI and Z are sex and perversion man Fred Chantz is going to be here at 11 o'clock allegedly. Is that AM or P.A.? Now I do want to say this, the boon in the box mail today is rather light. I started plugging that again on a Friday and I would have thought that with a couple of plugs we would have had a mailbox full of boon in the box and of course there are a lot of people in the audience who probably weren't even listening during the period when that was hot. It's not hot anymore is it? Call up Robin Carter and see if it's hot. It's not hot? Well you watch. You watch. See you're hoping that it's not hot because you don't want to have to go through that business of stuffing all those envelopes. There's anybody still living in daybrowder Palm Beach, the boons, Pat and Debbie. Why don't there's something in sestuous about that? They're going to be visiting. They're going to be appearing at sunrise musical theater in August in the production of. What is it sound music or something? Something like that, something boring. And we want to make sure that everybody in South Florida all 4 million people have a copy of the boon in the box. Pick your watch as a picture of Pat from his early days. Like what would you say was about 18, 20? Old enough to know better. It's like the 50. Sticking something through a cardboard box. I don't want to say what? When Fred Schott gets here we can say what? Something small. Something small through a cardboard box. I mean very small. In fact, frighteningly small, which explains why Pat's voice occasionally gets so high. It's really tiny. I mean some of us when we were young had pet dogs named Tiny. But anyway, if you'd like your very own copy, you don't want to be left out. Please, we want to see a turret of mail. We want to get them momentum back that we had before I went on vacation before these fakers and here screwed up my whole audience and took away all the momentum from this show. And if you'd like your very own copy, all you have to do is send us a stamped self-adrest envelope. No, I'll tell you what. Screw that. No. Don't even send the stamped self-adrest envelope. Just send us your name and address. On a, I can do that. This, no, I'm not going to get you into trouble. This company's got a lot of money. I know that. And it's about time they started spreading it around. The post offices in trouble. I got to raise the rates for postage. That's right. Need to go on strike. They're having an nervous breakdown. The least we can do to accommodate them is to start subsidizing the US Postal Service a little bit better. Right? Right. So just send us your name and address. You don't even have to put in the stamped envelope. And we'll use our own, we'll use those old 95 INZ envelopes that they refuse. Do you know, this is an interesting story. Okay. This company has no gripes coming when we do this kind of thing. It's not like we have a shortage of envelopes. We have 7 million, 400,000 and six envelopes that say 95 INZ. And I imagine a couple of letterheads along with them too. Right? Let me use them. And they won't let us use them because the embarrassment factor is too great. Well, there is no more 95 INZ. It's now, of course, Z to 94.98236. And if you can remember all those numbers, that's the problem. They have a few listeners, but they can't remember all of those numbers so they can write it down. In the appropriate book. I love those stations that every rating period, you know, write it down. Right? And that's that is so crass. And so disgusting. Do you think that anybody out there writes it down because somebody on the air says write it down? Of course not. And it sounds like hell. It is so. It comes across so bad. But of course, if you are listening to WI and Z940 on your AM dial, write it down. But anyway, the address postcards, letters will be delighted to send you all you want. Boone in the box. So her. Curve Neal Rogers WI and Z. Miami.