Just can't exercise there individual liberties by turning the dial. They have a problem with it. They've got a serious problem. One of them of course being John B. Thompson attorney who likes to call himself Jack. Jack of all trades. Jack. Don't say it. I'm not. But I'm saying it. I can think it. Jack be nimble Jack be quick. Oh boy, we've got a lot of great lines for Jack. And of course when somebody sends me a copy as I received this morning of a long and this guy's in a attorney. Oh boy, how'd you like to be on trial for your life? And all of a sudden this guy in the middle of the courtroom would start doing a pirouette in front of the judge and get his crayons out. I mean look at the attached personal note that I've got. It looks like a little kid got crayola's out or something. The monitor is out there. Obviously a very busy attorney. No question about it. I've easily got very busy practice and a very successful one. But getting back to yesterday and of course if you're just if you've been out of town or if you've been listening to what would they have been listening to? Bill McQuig out of town. If they've been listening to Bill McQuig they know about it because he, oh that's due to a whole couple of hours with Dr. Huffin Mouth. A lot of people are in vacation this time. Exactly. And if you're just coming in this morning and wondering what it is that we're talking about well we seem to have a little problem here. Just a little problem. And of course when you work in this market or in this business I guess but in this market especially they're always little problems. I'm not just in this market they're having a little problem up at the Jacksonville at WAPE. Oh yeah those Yahoo's up and do all county. Yeah. And the county up there wants to monitor maybe they ought to get this in time to move up to Jacksonville. The blessing for everybody. Boy that's a true. They want to monitor what's on the airwaves of their community is if all of a sudden it reminds me of Joe Carroyo and his foreign policy in Dave County where the city, not even a county commission but the Miami City Commission has its own foreign policy and would love to subvert the foreign policy of the United States. Of course in some cases that might not be all bad but in his case who knows. And so now there are those people individuals who all take into upon themselves to be the sensors for the rest of mankind because they want to protect America and especially our youth from the perversion and smart me stuff that they're being exposed to every day. And may God bless them in all of their efforts right? I love that that's the last line in this letter to Bob Gilbert's in which show we all received copies of even the janitorial service got copy of this. May God bless you for your efforts. Best John B. Thompson. What a guy. This is exciting. So we got a new one. We've got Dr. Huffin Mouth and we have a jacked Thompson who sounds like um I have a feeling of no each other you know. I have a feeling yeah that they're maybe back to my head so they might play golf together. Oh yeah. Yeah. Very positive. Some of those newty clubs you know that kind of stuff. Could I could be wrong you know again that's just a guess. You mean some of those clubs were like well I don't want to say that if you want to say that that's up to you but well I was just asking if I would watch myself very carefully because you are being monitored. Well I'm also because you are part of the problem you do understand that don't you. Even though we pulled our audience here what they was at Wednesday or near last week. Like, we'll do audience and you know you didn't do all that well I survived. Well you survived. Skin of my teeth. But you must remember if we pulled the audience probably I wouldn't do much better because there are a lot of people out there. In fact I'll give you a perfect example now. A lot of you are ringing the phones which we don't want yet okay we'll let you know when we're ready. We got a lot of heavy stuff to do here. Okay all the lines are clear. Now all those people who would like to have the news back on WI. Oh yeah. Remember those good old days or and it's almost a year ago now. See in the first few months that was amusing. It's what you say that almost a year later all the people who would like the news back just ring up those numbers. 624 9400 they all right. 490 400 and Broward. Now they're not all there's still a couple of them there that are can't believe it. Yeah. See if that with this would have been back in February or March immediately. Oh yeah they would have all that. So quick Cassini Rosenberg's whole family would have been on the right away. Now they're still not all it is only 5 people they've adjusted because they don't have a identical long yeah they are standards that was a very slow response. No that's true if we take an pull on you it probably would have been similar if maybe not even worse. Could have been worse absolutely. Could have been much worse. Maybe you can just sit here and tackle every day for four hours all by yourself. No thanks. With no inspiration that's okay. I'll pass. We're judging from what's on the back of the chair looks like you already did. Oh I don't think we should have said that. Jack is up to us monitoring about that excritory activity just wrote some nice thing about excritory activity just wrote a little I want to birdlies and egg is that that's not excritory activity that's me to this. No it's not it's reproductive activity and he doesn't understand reproductive. How is that also something we can't talk about I think so are you cereal? Well that's magic by that letter oh yeah no we can't talk about anything anything. In fact maybe we ought to call up Jack and find out what we can talk about. We can bless the Pope I guess and we can talk about the sins of homose sexuality. I guess if we talk about young ladies with big breasts that would be good. I got an idea what we'll do is stand and I will swap our topics and from time to time I'll talk about who I don't even know who it is that he talks about what's the one on Miami Vice the only congressman. Santiago boy I've heard about her until I'm green in the face. Nice girl. Great. I'll talk about her all day and about how the size of her breasts and all of that's evidenced I shouldn't say stand will completely switch because I have a feeling some of the things he said about you know who and I will not mention Don Johnson's name. Thank God certainly come under the heading of whatever it says in this letter. It was all it. Don. Are you sure that? Well now that you mentioned it. So I don't think you're going to be hearing lesbian dilidate on this show anytime soon. Now we are going to be doing the show remote from club 21 tomorrow. Well you never know who we might run into there and if anybody took that picture now there it is. Still there I think that when you know who comes in the town tomorrow we'll greet him with this that might change with this picture Bob Gilbertson. Maybe we could give him a private screening of power to it. Is he coming in early I thought he was going to for Wednesday. Tomorrow. Oh boy Tuesday. Boy it's been pushed up a day. Oh boy. It's exciting. Don't you wish you could just kind of spin the clock ahead and it was tomorrow already. No that's all right. See we've been going along here doing just great. Come wait and we've got everybody in town listening and that's the problem. There are too many people listening to this show and they can't handle that. They would much prefer for nobody to be listening to this. Like it used to be. Boy it was glory day. That should be already. We had this teletyper today they pull out out. They don't even use it anymore. It's a gun. No they don't even use it. Even on the news they don't use the teletyper anymore. I miss it too. Yeah. That's how I was thinking we could just put it on for four hours today. That way the alarms will go off. There'll be something on the air. Yeah. Now I will not be here Friday. Friday of course is the beginning of my vacation. Is anybody made any provisions for that? None at all. Yeah. See we're just living dangerously. I guess is a good way to put it. Wouldn't that be a good way to just grab it on the edge? Right on the edge of the envelope. I suppose I'll be here Friday. Well it's going to happen. Don't forget now you're a target. Maybe the dog. We don't see that cackling idiot in the background. Well then Bob Goperson will do the show. Now we don't need old Jimmy and they're either with his ridiculous tapes. He's brought us in a lot of this smarming material. I like that bremdily tape shame on you. Very sexual young lady. Well she must have been once upon a time. Yeah. The 50s. Yeah. She dated a lot of jockey's I guess. And I guess I should mention speaking of jockey's that I did give out Java gold as the winner and the traverse on this program. Right. And anybody who had a brain should have seen that they track sloppy. It was a muddy track. All you had to do is take the three horses with the mud marks. Crypto clearance, Java gold and Polish navy. And box him in the perfect it was $100 and some dollars. It called $109. I think in the trifecta was $690. Did not give them the winner? Did you have a good day? Well I had I didn't have a jockey anecdote but over the weekend on balance I want a couple of a hot dogs basically. A few dollars not a lot. That's at least it's in the right direction. Exactly. Now there's this a coincidence the Kyle is on vacation this week or did he pick this week specifically? Well I think he's probably prescient and I think he probably knew ahead of time that this was going to be a very volatile week and all of our lives. A week to be out of the hill. He's already you know just answering the phones he deals with enough pressure and enough up trauma every day that he doesn't need to be here to do you know be in the middle of it. But I will say you're right here in the middle of it today and you're to be highly commended for that. That's quite a turnaround from a Friday and Saturday. When you were flying around in the control room and of course Saturday you were in aspicuous by your absence. I was interesting. There were several people who called on Saturday. See ordinarily they called. Get him off. Get him out of there. Saturday when they felt that you were needed here for a moral support you were very conspicuous by your absence. You survived. Well that you notice how he changes the subject. I survived. I survived many years before you were back in here. Trust me. I don't work on Saturday. Really. Sometimes that's not very good to me. That sounds I like if I say that often enough will it be true. I don't know. Of course if it's up to Jack I guess I won't work on Wednesday or Thursday or Monday or Tuesday or Friday. Then what would he listen to? That's my question. What would he mono? What would he do? What would he do? Although maybe he monitored my expendal because if anybody we know he's mono. Now I should start by saying that I think Mike and Ira for all of their nice comments yesterday about how were you united in front here. Good. At W.I.N.Z. Great. And of course I'm sure that all of these people are prepared to walk the plank. Right behind me. Of course me first. And after I go off the deep end and they look down there into the chili waters. Merky. The murky waters of Biscayne Bay. Wouldn't it be great we could do it right behind one Harold Plaza? Get on a front page of a horse. Perfect. They don't have to go far. They can't even cover that personally. They can't even keep in himself. We'll cover that personally. And I could look behind me and there would be Mike and Ira and Stan and just all kinds of people Kyle the bird. And as they look down into the murky waters of Biscayne Bay and saw the latdafi would be there of course. Of course saw those last bubbles. Mumbling up from Biscayne Bay. They would each begin to leap. Right? Slowly. Tasha. Tasha. Tasha. Taking one step forward and three steps backward. Would Jack Pumps and be there? Oh he would certainly be there with Belle. I think he has Belle's on period all the time. Belle's on his nose and rings on his toes. I'm monitoring you with my crayons. I'm monitoring here in the gables. Unbelievable. Busy man. Where do these people come from? That's a great question. Exactly. Because one thing I've been here almost a dozen years seems like 20 or 30. And I've been in this town for a long time. And as each few months go by it's the same with the colors. Like all of a sudden we'll crop up a whole new core of regular colors. Just after you got rid of Sam and Harvey from Kendall and Marcy and all the old chronic regulars. All of a sudden crop up a new bunch. Oh hi. I'm the outen in the John lady. I call you six times this week. Right. Thanks. But we'll talk to you next week. It's true. The constant battle. It's true. The fend off. The chronic tusk good in the ox as they say in the Vatican. And of course, if you haven't received, we've sent about all of them out. We've sent about close to a thousand of those out already. Haven't been in three days. Holy cow. Holy Toledo. Yeah. And if you haven't received your I love John Paul, George and ring gold bumper sticker yet. Well, good luck to you. We'll send them out as long as they lay as long as they lay as long as we last. As long as we last. This send us a book. That could be that could be a very good pull to take up in the office. You know, which will run out first. The Roger show or the bumper stickers. I don't know which one I would bet on. I'd like I show that loyal support. You're right. All those people standing on the plank. Wimping out at the very last minute. Waving goodbyes. They see you hit the water. We'll miss them. Yeah. Turning around walking solemnly the other way toward Denny's on this game. And 30 seconds. Exactly. For a to say cottage, I guess to get a minion together and a say cottage. It's right. Great. Well, thanks a lot. 22 past 10 at WI and Z. We've I did hear briefly this morning your favorite FM morning show. Oh, at the home of your former employers. They love me. And they played that tape and they taped it off the ear. That's not somebody who sounds like me. That is me. It's a toy sound exact. It is me. They taped it off the ear and they have replayed it. Which is illegal. They're still playing it. It's illegal. Seast and assessed butal. And those. That is, I do what sounded exactly like you. Precisely. Shame on them. Taking a page out of the O.C.N. and what's that other station? The Haitian station. A.V.S. waves. Yeah. The by people's material. We're not getting their permission. We're going to be replying it on the ear. Shame on you. Shame on you. Can't do Donald. Okay, 23 past 10. Let's take our first break and the see if everything's still working up there. We'll come right back. It's just what you get. And more. Now when you book a pan. I'm holiday vacation to Rio. For just the price of an airline ticket for just $660, you can enjoy a week's day at a first class hotel. Free. And get extras like daily Brazilian breakfast. Like all pan-am holiday vacations. You'll find things like activities, service charges and other fees. All taken care of. Simply book your vacation and go before November 12th. Some restrictions may apply. Price is per person based on double occupancy. So come to Rio for a week with pan-am holiday vacations. And stay at a first class hotel. Free. Now what could be better than that? For reservations and information call your travel agent or pan-am holiday vacations. At 1-800-the-tour and find out why you can expect more from pan-am holiday vacations. But we hit a lot of traffic and got stuck in a two-hour delay. So we pulled out our pistols and we dealt with the traffic in a new way. We use our guns guns guns when we're driving down the streets of Italy. We're driving down the streets of Italy. Same escalation. We're using of machinery. Unswem fades out.artenifies. Unwή cafe. I'll be the road I arrived With my handguns you Choose the under Choose the under Choose the under Yes, I've set it off for the road Hey Hey He's the everybody that I'm here All across LA It all be pulling their guns out On your free way You're not to be firing a few weeks What's in your blood? Everybody's gone crazy Driving it is late I always thought of that Brian Wilson was a genius But a little bit unstable A little unstable Just a little bit Making a joke How does something like that? Shame on him I did a half hour 45 minutes And that's what goes Not all out there, aren't they? Nothing busy man Actually we could kill from not all two o'clock Just listing the people that we know Are listening I know, would James Humble be one of the first ones Or number two He immediately comes to my mind Yeah No question in my mind There's absolutely nothing on the air Except this guy is a jerk That lady is a whatever Yeah, don't say it Whatever That's a good way to put it Yeah, I think from now on when we get some Some idiot on the phone Instead of calling him a douchebag We'll just say you're a whatever And then the audience We got a very imaginative audience They can fill in the blankly on lines Of course Now what do we do first? Do we do this? I guess we do Mike Spendell first Because I know Mike is listening He's another one on the list of certain lessons Can't miss another busy man Well, he's on a public door What do you expect? He's working for the counties Up there in Broward supposedly Up there inspecting all the restaurants And in the meantime, what is he doing? He's monitoring this show But I do think Mike and I refer all their Support Yeah, however I didn't hear all I heard was a little bit going to the track yesterday Yeah But I have heard an ugly rumor That couldn't possibly be true And I'm sure that Mike will call in immediately To straighten this out That he has suggested That there be a rally next Sunday at this station To protest against this radio station Yeah, I heard that too Now I think that when let's see two weeks from last Friday When next payday comes around again Perhaps he ought to look at the signature On that paycheck Which is the signature of our general manager You follow what I'm saying? I have to spell it out I follow in other words, we don't have any problem With our management That's true Management is completely supportive That's right Local management, we're hoping, you know, of course They're on work release So we don't know from one day to the next But seriously What is that? Tony Lynchburg What does that mean? Is On the phone Tony from Lynchburg That must be about Oh, yeah Well, we've got to have a wonderful life Tom, good luck to him, but not today No way, no way, Jose Where do you know there was a horse and car yesterday called No Way Jose? I swear to you I hope you bet last week No, I didn't bet on him He's still running No, I had to protect him That's not right He was not in there No way No way, Jose I mean, that tells you right up front Forget it With Marlon Sukey Marlon Marlon, I'll be talking very really And Saturday we were out there And there were these two old guys sitting behind us It was hysterical And the one guy says to the other he looks in Marlon Sukey Was the Jockey on one race His name is M.A.R. L.A.N.D And the guy says, oh, yeah There's that Marlon Sukey She's a good rider See, I ought to be able to win a lot Because most of the people out there haven't got any idea what's going on You know, they don't know the lead pony from the three horse I know, but it doesn't do me any good See, they thought they were going to dolphin stadium And they got, you know, they just sidetrack Yeah, and they're waiting for the first quarter to start I think that little confused Okay, now I want you to know that when John L.A. comes out on that field We don't want any of you people looking at him too closely You know, one, no, that gets back to of this Which I'll get two in a minute We don't want to encourage any of that sexual stuff That's right Just look at his mouth He's got a lot of teeth If you can see through his helmet And you see all those teeth always got like 60-14 Which most people have 32 And that's good because if you ever get any knocked out You know, football's violent game, if you ever lose any I think like all hockey players ought to be born with 60-14 Good idea I never thought I'd ever see a hockey player with all his teeth I don't know, never Sub-Jace Although maybe Steve Isam and you play his play right away And Jason the guy from the 30-13 That's what he's got Yeah, that's what he's got That's what he has No one else No one else And maybe who's that guy who plays for the islanders? She can't even think of his name now Goes to show you that I'm not a very good shape Patloff on Tain I know Has all of his teeth I'll be down I've looked very carefully And which gets to that letter We'll get to that in a minute Because this rally that Mike now has He called in yet as we heard from Spendell Of course not It's busy No, he's not busy He's probably it hurt at this point Because we're attacking him again And after all the nice things I said about him Friday We like Mike, we love him He's crazy He's a great guy, he's just He's got a problem It's a four-letter word called life He's got a little problem His intentions are always good But it never quite comes out the way that he intends You know it's like very well put it Got the mightest touch in reverse Right Like with the mets The mets won yesterday though, didn't they? I think the mets won But the cardinals won too So it's a long hot summer break Poor Mike Yeah So we're still waiting for your call Mike And the show will not continue You should call on the bat line Until you reconsider Yeah, he should call in on the bat line Yeah Call us collect Sure We don't want the state and the county to have to pay for it That would be ours That's right We're not paying for it Spendils calls Every time he wants to back out of a bad thing Although of course we shouldn't be so hasty Because all depending upon the events of the next What 24 to 48 hours We may have a massive rally out here That's true We could have pick up trucks from Davy and Haitians And Jack Thompson And the doctor, heffron and all these people might be out here Along with 20 or 30,000 others We have no idea what this week is going to bring No, really to glue Not a clue Well, there's some other people who don't have any idea what this week is going to bring But I have a clue but we won't get into that Good But Well listen You always have to keep your options in life open You know what I'm saying? That's right You can't just let them put you out there and live and sort off And drop into the Grand Canyon Never to be heard from again No It's not going to happen Unlikely So anyway, getting back to probably one of the hot topics on the entire program Well by the way, here's that Well, I'm going to do this first And get it in before we finally exceed To Jack's wishes Good Because this is the picture of the bag boy from public And I don't think we had time to get into this He's also with two young ladies See we like to keep it I mean it looks good, doesn't it? It's not what it appears to be evidently from the letter But he's with two attractive young ladies That work with them And they're obviously out there at the beach He did that or Bismain Bay on a choppy day Ha ha ha Good It's a pleasure I understand that you frequent public supermarkets in search of good looking Bag boys often with a guy named Stan In tow, hopelessly searching for women in the canned fruit section I am a bag boy for publics do not have an airing Although I do wear an apron with a floral print I will be 20 years old in October And I've been hoping for months to see you Waddle into my store Waddle, how do you like that? Waddle into the store What a good sense of humor this is exactly I have even alerted the teenage check out girls To watch for a gruffy middle aged man buying Twinkies, intoments and moon pies in large quantity I have also told them that should they encounter such an animal They should button their uniforms up past their breasts and alert the manager He is to see that the transaction is completed without a pass And the gentleman be quickly escorted to his car And they tells me which one he works in They'd county, when he publics We love the bird Wow And think that since you've made it to the big time with an eye and share That Mr. Hill should do you're trolling for you We believe Glenn Hill has excellent taste Because anybody who likes fee becaits And thought Stan Byme was a four star movie He has latent as in homosexual written across his feathers And it goes on a great length I'm not going to read the entire thing But to good letter It says if I don't hear from you or see you in a few months I'll have no choice but to try to gain employment When Dixie after all they are the beef people And I'm not going to read the next line Because that would be That would be wrong Is Richard Nixon once said that would be wrong And look what happened to him Yeah Really And look at how much money we're paying to protect our former president He's writing books and making all kinds of money Calling Ronnie every day Do you hear them knocking again on the building? People on the roof It's probably the group from Portland They're knocking on the outside of the building Trying to get in with all of them in the front door And they're trying to come in through the escape hatch in the roof But anyway getting back to probably the number one subject today It is the court's business This is Jack of course Of course Do you hear that? They can hear the court's business When one of your employees encourages homosexuality And uses federally prescribed profanity on the public airways Well the profanity part we do not use profanity on the show And we know what the FCC rules are And spite of what the other part I think is something we need to Come to grips with Promoting homo sexuality I think I promote hetero sexuality Well there's the verdict is still out on that From the last letter obviously there are those who don't have that disagree Are we allowed to do that anymore? Anybody who has a limpoing can't you know We'll have to promote hetero sexuality No, that's what I'm pointing out now This is all got to stop And don't you understand if we could discourage all of this There wouldn't be any reproductive activity we'd have to stop talking about Because there would be no reproduction No more sex That's our new campaign Even if you're married No, we don't want to hear about it No more sex No it's not that we don't want to hear about it We want them to cut it out Because this is really where the right wingers are coming from You do understand that, don't you? Absolutely Well I'm not mentioning any names Some of these people do have penis envy Oh, I know It's obvious no question about it. obvious And as a result See basically it comes down to everything Taste and movies and books and radio shows If they Can't have it They don't want anybody else to have it If they don't enjoy it They don't want anybody else to enjoy it Whatever it is Right fill in the blank I know As in whatever what's his name Jimmy Hummel said before Yeah What do you say? You don't even remember the line This one's a jerk That one's a whatever Whatever exactly Very good, classic line We're reading yourself I remember because I had forgotten it quite frankly Myself And we certainly don't want any more of these Proverted sex acts being committed by anybody In our audience Of any age Or anything Married Nothing Correct, just cut it out Yeah Stop it Now we do understand that WI and Z is going to provide tomorrow One of our I don't want to mention his name But is bringing Thousands of chance to the belts from Portland Main Seriously With floral print Oh I was gonna ask what? With all the oral prints So if you work at Windixer You don't have to figure out Or publics So By the way, what was this bag boys name again? Chris Another Chris Another Chris? Isn't that incredible? Unbelievable That's gonna make Windixer happy I'm sure like that Who? Remember Windixer who was our guest one day? Slubs Chris? I thought you said Wanda Didn't he say Wanda? That's gonna make Wanda happy Now he's calling himself Wanda I am not Do you have something you want to announce to us today? Before we put the ban That would Jack listening Oh no Encouraging homosexual So I guess no more less be indilated In our Stearn Show Right? No more of that And no more calls from what's his name from the monsters? Grandpa Yeah No more than Jack would be real happy If you lived in New York Yeah, he'd be having a great show at Howard Yeah, boy Howard would love this guy But this isn't New York This is more like Coral Gables And Perine Moral Gables Davey Yeah, Moral Gables What are some of the other real repressive Miami shores Right? Oh yeah, Miami shores They have laws against Every kind of thing you've ever even governing your toilets Yeah, yeah, you're right I get stop by police and Miami shores One time, for sitting in my car A sitting in my car Waiting on an appointment But what were you doing in your car? That's the thing Listening to the radio And the cops stop me and check me out I was thinking Yeah, well I was like five minutes early for an appointment So I was just There's a bird go through a strip search It's incredible It's great They go over every feather Sun-believe of A lot of people A lot of fun I enjoyed it The Miami shores Life patrol will be right over But they get very nervous They see anyone there It's like Moral Gables Exactly I got stop by the cops and Moral Gables One morning And Pompano That's another one The home of Dr. Huffenmouth Pompano's a man Very repressive Pompano's Very repressive Hopeless Yeah, I live there one time Did you? Yeah, I lived there for about a year That was the beginning of all our problems up there Exactly In the late 70s Anyway, there are a lot of rumors So anyway, you don't have to worry Jack No more sex Head or a sexual There is no more sex Far be it for us to talk about it Or promote it because you know You can't promote something that doesn't exist So that's done now, right? Exactly It's over The power of this show Nobody in this audience Is even thinking about ever doing it again Now That's over That's done Exactly When we hold up our Jeff Stryker picture Meaningless Meaningless So Jack, it's fixed It is I'm looking at that It does Nothing for nothing at all Well, maybe a little Well, you know, a grown wasn't built in a day And I'm sure that wasn't either But that's another story We're working on it It looks like he's working on it No, don't say that now Don't say those kind of things That is Don't say those kind of things Because that's what gets them all bent out of shape Oh, I don't think you can say that either See it really boils down If you're the ones who are listening who get upset They're the ones with a sick minds Because no matter what you say They can take it and turn it into something They can make something out of nothing That's right Like Stan He does it every day for four hours Only kidding Stan I'll stand probably still asleep So hopefully Now he's all over all of that business Everything's fine Right, I told you that He got over Yeah, it only you know Stan gets over being any Quicker than only takes about a week Three days You don't believe me But I told you I've seen a man before He takes him three days And he's okay To the issue here is not one Nealist provacatur Rather the issue is whether this community has the right to seek protection in its courts From those who would abuse a federal license to corrupt our youth And the base public discourse That will order doing the basing public intercourse I came on heavy darn I didn't know we were doing that Yeah Well in his opinion But he didn't say that though Well no, it's because it's a matter of fact When he speaks Yeah, trust me That's the law When the judge speaks If you see that show on Channel 4 the judge I mean if you like the people's court You'll love the judge I don't like that crap Oh boy I mean it makes the people's court look like Gone with the wind I mean that's how good this show is You know the judge is And they show the judge leaving his house every day And kissing his wife in a very provocative way By the way that's got to stop That's got to stop now I wouldn't even be surprised If that dirty old man is every now and then try and something too Oh no And all of the people who come to his court Just about all of them are there for that reason And if we can ban that that show will go off Not slandical go off Dallas will go off The Carson show will go off Oh David Letterman That's certainly be off the first ago Yeah I'm glad he's never so sure That's true and we'll be off Boy check every song letterman He would have any Murphy will never be seen again Hissy fit Yeah Buddy hack it Back to the Delhi for Buddy in the Catskills Never see him again No I think he can is allowed to do a z- That's why he's cheeks by the way We haven't noticed because he's always got food in the morning But that's not going to have puppy cheeks at all You're talking about these shows are only going to be banned And Carl Gables No in America Oh real? It's the American way federal Federally, federally pro-scribed material And it couldn't come at a better time Because under Ronald Reagan of course everything is pro-scribed As opposed to circumscribed So that's where we are today ladies and gentlemen And if any of this made any sense to you Well good luck to you because I'm just in a quandary I haven't got any idea God scream or eat a banana I really don't I didn't get any of it Now let me ask you something that first break that we took seemed incredibly short Because we're only doing one more Am I wrong? Was there something scratched out here? Did I don't know about? Okay here comes a message boys picking up just like Kyle The log Oh well so it's Monday what's new about that? It had to Monday Yeah The doctor's favorite day Yeah Well in fact I still think the Monday and Tuesday I should be allowed to stay home Boy wait till Stan comes out and have a hissesuit I know I saw that Look at that Holy Toledo Holy Peoria Oh my god I hope he's got a lot of material prepared for that Oh I'm sure he does These Mondays boy they're killers Bacon handle it Okay let's take another break And do we might even take a few calls today Oh no I wouldn't get carried away when I want to overdo it John is here to see Glenn Do you have his tickets? No Which John? I'll go talk to him now They're picking him up today Oh which John is this? I'll go see the tickets will be here later today And I still don't know where I'm going to go Now this is a little bit unfair Because my vacation starts Friday Yeah I know I don't know where I'm going to go because I don't know what to do with my life at this point Because every minute you know I know I could be the last I know Every second could be the last word that I utter on this show I know I don't think you can say utter That couldn't be John Thompson that's here to see me Could it know Unlikely No we just say Jack Oh yeah Is that not going up there if it's John It's Tom Thompson or what it was name it Maybe it's Mike Thompson I heard him on the air coming this morning They sort of have the same We found a little good Oh we got another VNWS He was spilling in for Blefiler for the dearly departed Lee Follard Oh is he taking a poll? I don't know But next Monday of course Sandy comes back And then all you people are all upset The world will be at peace Everything will be great And we can talk about sugar cookies And everything will be wonderful When Sandy comes back Boy I'm here Don't you? It's just not the same without lady Here we go Okay it's 13 to 11 at WI and Z We'll take a little break here again And we'll come right back Okay nine minutes before 11 at WI and Z And there's Hawaii, John is in the building Now look at that he's just already do take off And of course if the bird gets his wings Flap and fast enough It ought to be a great trip Trust me So here we are all alone Abandoned by even the bird And I don't know what do you think Rich Think we ought to take some calls Not sure Let's not overdo it You know let's not press our luck Mike Spindell did not call in by the way Did he? No Shame on him And we're not going to make a big deal We're going to rip him from 11 to 2 But we don't want to make him pay for his In-discretions in the airs of his ways But I can't believe that after the Simis that he started on the air here yesterday Inviting people to come on next Sunday And rally against the station Shame on you Mike Shame on you Yeah let's rack him up Let's take some calls and see what these people want to talk about And if our good friend Jack calls and of course let's put him on immediately If not sooner And very briefly of course in day 624 9400 And in Broward 524 9400 those are the numbers If there's anybody still left in the audience I know it's kind of a rough situation It's not really a lot to say is there boys and girls Not much we can say that we haven't said before But that's life in the big city Okay let's start in Miami we'll get right to it You know I sit here and I look at the lines and you just want to kind of post-bonate like death As long as possible but sooner or later Hello Hi, yeah Remember a few months ago you had argygits and dole on your program in hell And deal my favorite One of your favorites now And maybe I think you should have this guy John Thompson and Heffron and I trouble Charles at him on the other way Yeah we invited Dr. Heffron to come on to show He never even returned our call Now he's not going to come on in fact You know he hung up on Jeff Charles because he was getting disagreement So he's not going to come on with anybody who's going to show him up for what he is And if you have this what about this guy I'm Jack Thompson No chance But if you had him but I think it's possible that if you have the guy on For what? What purpose? Same reason what he had our intendol on the problem Was over he didn't he never he probably had very different from the guy again I don't wait a minute Wait a minute I don't have a problem Dendistant I don't have a problem I had a problem with intendol Yeah, yeah he caused the problem Yeah, but I don't have a problem Thompson's got a problem because he can't tune his radio See he feels he's responsible for monitoring the public airwaves for the entire community He doesn't understand that nobody cares about his opinion He just can't get that through his skull And You didn't hear that you were your opposite Charles So you didn't hear what half of him was on his program right now But Charles kept asking him the same questions Who's going to be the sensor? Why don't you just turn the dial and he kept saying And all he said the Charles was, why don't stop asking me that Yeah And another thing You seem to be very upset About these guys that they're calling these sponsors And trying to take you off But the thing is I found out one thing I like to ask you this question I think you can answer probably I think it seems like you do the same thing with a Miami-Harrl No, I don't have anything to do with the sponsors at the Harrel The sponsors at the? No, when you can't, when you don't buy the Harrel That's the same as tuning off a radio station Okay, there's a very big difference Okay, you don't have to listen to this program If you don't like it and if you don't like the Harrel You don't have to buy it or subscribe to it But as far as harassing their advertisers I have never done that That's what I never would do that And I discourage people from doing it You don't have any business to tell people where it advertised And either do I Right, what a half had it, what a half an engineer I have to say it in here What do you see that he hanged up to? No, he was in the studio with Reverend Rick Patterson You mean on Bill McQuake show? I didn't hear this Yeah, no he got a mutual admiration society Which of course is almost unprecedented in the history of this business Of having a desperate, um, Hillbilly talk host On a desperate radio station Bring somebody in who's trying to get a competing person off the air It's unprecedented See, when you can't compete The only way you can win is by getting everybody else off the air So I guess I O D feels at this point The only way they can win is to get everybody else to shut off their transmitter And get the worst talk show And it's still only have a three share Figure that out The quiet is a three, I thought he had the one one I mean the whole station No Bill is still looking for his first listener Uh, well, do more shows, he just do more shows on four to power and light There you go, that'll do it I heard you mentioned Steve Cain's rating, what did he get? Oh boy, well he hasn't, you know, been there through a rating period First month of the summer book looks pretty grim for Steve O He's got very minute numbers How's um, Alan Stanton doing against them, are they? Stanton is beating both of them put together by a wide margin Is he doing, how's Alan doing? Terrible He even worse than Steve Oh, and house, and house, and house, and house, and house, as a Charles doing Invisible So you, it's only you and Stanton in the whole market Well, no, I don't want to say that I mean there are other people who listen to what they're station Not a lot of them, you know, read a hall and save the electricity But there are a few, you know? And um, I hear the, and this about this rally Spendil's, I just came back this morning I'd like to hear more about that I don't really know the details Um, maybe I could attend I didn't understand, you said he was going to have a rally At your station, I thought he'd have it on Saturday at, at Thompson's office Or something, it's right to get him to stop doing what he's doing And spend on understanding why he'd have it at your station Well, I can't speak for, you know who I can't speak for him We're still waiting for his call Well, you're, you're, I guess you'll hear it soon enough Okay, thank you Thank you Well, waiting for your call, Mike Poor Mike, he gets into more hot water You know, just by getting up in the morning My name is B. Chelo Hello Yes I'm a first time cooler But, however, we did call Portland, I'm Friday We couldn't get into tell you I work in a office in all 13 of us decided that We're going to call Portland's in complaint Great And we called early enough And when I called the operator wanted to know What we were calling about, I said, well, we have a complaint So, wait, I'll connect it to the corporate offices And I was wondering, have you heard anything about how many calls By God or No A lot A lot, I'm not Hundreds Okay, keep up the good work, Neil Thank you Have you hear? Thanks a lot Okay, bye Yeah, no, they got a tremendous number of calls And of course, some of the mouth contents Obviously, must have been calling over and over and over again Because they're looking to seize upon the opportunity And I got news for them, as I said on Thursday or Friday I guess it was Friday that all this garbage broke out It really is a mood point Because I'm either going to be here on this station or on another one Does make any difference which one it is And we were going along just fine And then of course, so they struck a responsive cord With an endothal in the company And the question remains to be seen Whether one in the endothal is going to You know, undermine the efforts that we've been doing here for a very long time Or whether the audience is going to prevail And I think that's really the question You know, whether it's Lettermen or whether it's Carson or me or Stern or anybody And broadcasting Are we doing our shows for the audience? Or are we doing them to please Certain individuals at corporate And it might come as a great surprise to Jack Thompson But I've seen Carson absolutely And Lettermen also literally rip into the corporate Headshots a big shots at NBC Did not call them douchebags But just short of that, okay So you know, that's way it goes There's nothing in anybody's contract that says you have to say nice things About corporate big wigs Especially when they're in Portland main I mean, if you live in Portland main What does that say about you to begin with, right? Okay, Mike wealth is here. He's a boy You're just all over the place these days aren't you? You're just like the dreaded diseases Coming a fixture Exactly Just like the toilet or the sink Precisely We're going to have somebody come in and clean you up Right after the news Mike Scott the headlines world news from CBS at 11 And when we come back at 1106 we're going to get to some of those really great calls Great, that's a bad line. Would you pick that up right away and put it on? We'll just put it on one of the lines Because this is the call that we've been waiting for the whole first hour By a couple of people dropped off during the news break Which really happens on this show And you know what? It hurt It hurt. There's an open line in data Are we going to have to start giving the number again? See wait, they've taken all the momentum they've blown the balloon here Do I need to give the number? No I have a lot of experience I never you never hear anything nice that I say about you Didn't I thank him and I were for all her support yesterday A couple times I thank you twice You didn't listen to the entire show yesterday in context Because I was at the track On a matter of priorities If I have to choose between enjoying a beautiful Sunday at colder Or listening to your show Obviously, you're going to listen to my show Right First of all And boy, this is very difficult Everybody listening out there This is not a protest The management of the station is a matter of fact If you had listened Oh wait a minute, you got to hold on a second Okay Would you hold on? Yeah You're not going anywhere I'm going to hold on We got a call to a mobile phone They always take precedence Hello Are you there? Yeah, I'm going to do it I'm going to do it right away I'm even putting you on over Mike Spindell Because you're on a mobile phone We don't want you to spend all that money I appreciate that Neil Look what What I want to say will be brief No the other last week and the week before you were apologizing I don't think you have to apologize I said anybody I'm just an average guy I ride I-95 I'm making rounds between hospitals I risked the program Because you make me feel good I laughed You do bits When I'm having a bad day One day I'm going to just say this One day I'm driving in Miami I'm in Miami Sure as a whole place And you're doing a bit on tattoos I went crazy You had some guy on from Fort Myers Yeah But that guy And he was doing tattoos And you said that you were going to As a gift tour As a prize You were going to tattoo somebody Above the a Herman When I heard that I, I almost That wrote Above the a Herman and McBeans Yeah And is Neil here? No Yeah of course Who do you think you're talking to? Okay But that's why I like your program You want to have a bad day And I turn on and I listen to a stick Or a bit on the poll Or you know The picture of the issue I laughed It's funny I feel better for at least another 15 to 20 minutes That's all I got to say Thank you sir Thanks a lot Okay Are you still there? One and a B-cloth Yeah How are you? I don't know Listen If you listen to yesterday I didn't listen to yesterday I didn't listen to yesterday You drive those people away With good stimulating topics Like Picketing the station No I didn't ask them to pick it No wait a minute Why are you whining my? I didn't ask people to pick it To management to the station This isn't Jack Thompson As a year whining a little bit Oh me yesterday by the way Did he? Yep Saying that he's monitoring me now Oh boy We're in a lot of trouble now Asked him I said when do you sleep? He said that doesn't matter I'm monitoring you now Now I asked people Support new Rogers And to a power censorship If the philosophy being say yes to Neil Not to interrupt the radio station Or to protest against Management I would not do that I mean that's cutting off one's nose In my case Which would be able to spite one space I might do to do that I did hear him by the way Played a little bit of doggy in the window yesterday I'm doing said not to you I know Yeah See what you did to me How do you know I'm the one that didn't queue it up But But My source is told me that No it was the little bird that didn't queue it up Hi Glenn We used You piece this again Did you listen to the show yesterday I missed it my Now he was the one who told me Maybe one of you One of my Oh yeah we got calls this morning People asking about the rally Yeah And it's not the protest station No they make it No the payroll because of what you're saying No of course that's not the important thing Free speech is the important thing I'm going to restrain myself I'm going to restrain myself I'm taking a day off today And I'm in my car And I'm listening to the radio In one car Happened to have it on the AM And I hear you saying to me To call in And I'm in all kinds of trouble I've not did I say you were in all kinds of trouble Look at how the man is embellishing this story Well did I say you were in all kinds of trouble Okay I didn't say it I'll maybe true but I didn't say it This is the rest of the story Exactly The rest of the story is support of Neil's right And opposing the lunatic friends The Christian pirmities out there More or less for their ideas For censorship Not protest the against the station The station has been more than equitable We had our super meeting 10 days ago And everything was put there You were on the spotter The way we thought it was a super And he got a free dinner The way we thought it was a super meeting He's got a free dinner That's all Come on Beyond it I'm the legal blind Get shots when I call in after I've been requested Why are you so sensitive Would you please answer the question Why are you sensitive I don't know It's just something that It's kind of like why is Bob Racer so depressing I mean anybody who watches They've Johnson come on Bring in Jesse or Roscoe Why would he be sensitive He'd be used to punishment And abuse Jesse's going to be my guest next week But I can't wait what good Better keep him in here than let him pitch Are we are we at least We are put this into perspective I am not protesting against the station It's in support It's say yes to Neil Say no to censorship I wish somebody would say yes to Neil But that's another I don't know if that's a whole show in itself Which we can't discuss anymore Really Alright, listen I hope I've been tracing it out So to speak What do you think? Shall we let him off the hook? Yeah, I think he definitely No, your hearts in the right play Absolutely Your heart is always in it Now your brain that's in the district Have a good day Thank you Mike He's upset He's upset He's upset every day Now he's upset with me Think some giving him shots Yeah Well Where would he get that idea I don't know We like Mike a lot Of course Now there's so many audience Like to torment him I'm not a notice Because he reacts Because they know that he's sensitive And he reacts that way Can get to him Now we do have an open line in date And boy that hurts I'm not sensitive But I can't believe it 624 9400 I don't like giving these numbers out again Boy that's a bad element It's a bad element That element of things to come Well I like that he called it the lunatic Friends I think that's a good time That's a great line Mike Spindell line Both of those are very good Excellent Good work Mike Yeah He took the day off today To come up with those lines Exactly Lighthouse point Hello Good morning Neil Restion I'd like with that mobile pro Listen Perhaps we'll be true You are truly a breath of fresh air And how anybody would like Right mind that that station I don't know And I missed Mike Spindell Show yesterday And it's a very good reason Last Sunday I turned on The station And that turned me off to your station I didn't believe it You hear one call after another These old phones getting on the air And thank Hello I remember It's difficult We didn't have a dog And dog is falling Do What are we doing it Well you have that show You tell them what to do Yeah Yeah It's not the advice that I give Wait a minute Do we have Haitians calling in today? No, stay healthy on it To a clock So if we don't talk to this Ronald Haitians on this show Thank you so much Good work Thank you sir You believe that Haitians are starting already I've looked at the other day They had a little powow in Davies today He's not on the news Yeah Some of those good old boys came by With their pick-up trucks and Better flags and better flags Had a good old time That stands proud Yeah Yeah I didn't see stand on the news I was looking for a stand Like stay in the background Like way in the background And just watch everybody go at it Oh that's going to be good That one on three But let's go to Miami first Hello Hello Stop being a cry baby No there she is again Every day Every day she's with us How are you doing darling? How are you doing darling? Hahaha I know And you can't turn it off I like to hear your friend That's calling I'm not listening to you I know Well I'll just shut up We'll just let the caller speak Okay Someday I'm going to make sure And tell you just to your face Good Why you want to come down here today Do you want to come down here today? No, I'm not what you say I would What do you mean what you say? What did I just say? Unnie but it depends on you What are you? What are you? I like you I want you to give us a show Like you're doing So cry Oh is this Mrs. Gilbertson? Yeah Hahaha Hahaha We should have got that on tape We're going to put that in the cackle box You're having a good time You're having a great time And you know it You love every minute of it So long Okay see Wonderful call We even left her with a laugh Yeah Yeah We just want to give it out of her system It's the best call of the day You hadn't had a good BM In 1015 years You want to get it out of your system Do desperately I mean you would do anything She'll be alright She'll be just fine Yeah Exactly Good to hear from her Great Great hearing from your man Hahaha I don't need that Idiot cackling in the back room Sorry We made the other door I know One thing with a lot of these disgruntled old prune Say it But when a disgruntled prune in Portland Main says that you be in trouble Well I'm trying to control myself Okay Please Okay See how quiet it is Very good Yeah Got it under control Barely We have another caller on a mobile phone Hello Hello Niel Yes sir About 1230 Was that a ringer for Brian North Cross or what Yeah Yeah It was pretty good to me He was about to give a hometown weather when we ran out of time Hahaha He was good Because it's morning was Brian North Cross Yeah As he was talking to the name came Right into my mind And it's in God Just got must be fake And it's Well let me ask you this question Have you ever seen that guy and Brian North Cross together at the same time Oh heck I never seen him together Oh heck I have They were called to the guy I want to tell you what they were doing You want to get into that sir No more of that Never again Never again What was main and two gardeners Never again Just take a long look down Just look straight down And think of what it used to be And just remember that's all of the distant past Well I'll be at the rally supporting you I'll be waiting a big white yamma going across Okay Okay Okay Thanks a lot John Paul one of our big fans He loves this show The Pope He's got a great sense of humor Oh yeah And when you walked around with a beanie and a dress on all They you'd have to have a sense of humor Right? Of course Plantation Hello Hi Hi Neil I called you up to thank you I called you to really thank you Make me laugh today for one thing And isn't that amazing how did they It's so wonderful I'm on cloud nine Really I always thought the sun day was the worst day of the week Because you weren't on the radio And there's nothing to do So I took your advice and went out to call her Great But my last My last name is scraping Yeah No money And I'm going to pick one horse What did you bet? On horse One horse I'm going to plunge you on the horse's Swamp like go for bro And so I bet on the horse go greater Oh my god with her a burrito cast The O'June you're the one that beat me out in that race I mean I was like I was like In the I was so happy You must have a nervous breakdown That was a steady That was almost a triple dead heat in that race And you know what I had What? I had a nine twelve box and a perfect It came four nine twelve You've been here I was going to find a horse I was having a heart attack Oh yeah I won the lottery I had no money Wow And what did that horse pay about ten Twenty twenty eighty Twenty twenty dollars See you got two hundred bucks back Almost Oh my god I have a heart failure And I'm thanking you All my knees for it Well let's not get carried away I can go to Wendick's scene And try to ride I can't believe it You know you really made my day yesterday Right You made my day Well congratulations Thanks Okay thanks a lot I'd be like that What a great weekend I kept coming in second and third Second and third If I box three horses They came in second third and fourth I did I had a good comeback though I had the Three horse and last race Which won by about eight million lengths I've been in the double And they are perfect in the ninth I won most of my money back So I minimize my losing When you are losing your brains And all of a sudden you go home Almost even for the day And I head for the weekend You feel like you've won a million Oh yeah Oh yeah He says he this man has no concept I do a little bit of exactly You didn't even know what I'm talking about The saddicate Royal Wardlaw With Octavio Ovalescent Last race He won from here to tower number three Just drew off in a stretch With complete authority Well now that's exciting This is a call from Naples Is it Florida or Italy? Hello Oh come on stop When is this? No it's Naples Florida Hi What's going on over there in Naples? Oh well nothing too much It's lovely beautiful day Yeah Right you should be swimming Yeah There are a lot of people in the audience Think I should be swimming Like at the bottom of the pool you know Would cement shoes No I'm a I'm a I guess I'm a Christian primitive Wow You will add gentle to call yourself Well one or two every day Okay so can I be your token gentle You don't you don't understand what a Christian primitive is Um excuse me You don't understand what that slogan means That means a right wing fanatic Like the born again Christians A one a sense of everything Oh well I know I understand the meaning of the phrase Oh I see It was just this is the first time I heard it No I'm not taking a fan No of course No but he takes a fence to anything on this show If I say hello somebody takes a fence This is true No I just I just I just I just I've listened to you a couple of times Because I can't often Um I radio I cannot get you Really Hmm Well we'll talk louder We'll get leave follower over here You'll be able to hear him in Texas Oh anyway You know it's really interesting What? I'm Mr. Florida I guess about Oh I guess about 22 years ago From where? New York Oh my god Orn in Manhattan Hmm Well I'm not 22 years ago But I was born in Manhattan And it's so interesting is that The listen because your whole show Sounds like it comes from you know East 70s That could change it Yeah from civilization Well now From the states Oh wait a second Oh I'm sorry Did I say something wrong Did I offend you? Huh? Did I offend the state of Florida? No Okay No But it's the reason one of the reasons That I listened to your show Is because it brings back all of the bad stuff That I remember which is why I listen to you Oh that's good This is what you call a backhanded compliment Well sort of Like what bad stuff Well I think New Yorker is by and large I'm not a New Yorker by the way Oh no well that was one of the questions that I wanted to ask you I was going to ask you where you where are you from From upstate New York Rochester which is like 500 miles away from New York City And a million miles away from the New York City Mentality If my New York friends will pardon that expression By I lived in New York for 23 years And I've never went north of Yonkers You know Well the Yonkers is as far as you need to go boy And there's Carmine Abattello with the three horse Winning by six The red man we don't want to get into racing again No the whole audience will turn us off I'm not talking about this I know I know that I'm not as stupid as you think I am Trust me Close but not quite I don't know you brought the last collar to you know She's on her knees for you So I thought that was rather interesting Well fucking bring the way of my life This is the only radio show We can hear the phrase Corporate douchebag and Christian primitive And the same Exactly and in some cases we're talking about the same people Well I think there's something to be said About free speech on the radio Although I caught you so late I caught you so late I caught you so kind of late So I'm not sure What do you mean like late? It only starts at 10 o'clock We're just beginning Oh I know So if you come in for the third race And there's still seven races left in the card I know Are you? Well you mean? That's why they hired me that's a prerequisite But let me ask you something Are you really? I'm in favor I think I'm in favor of the four to state loud Who is this gentleman? He on work release this gentleman up there? Nice to see you sir Hold crew of work release folks that they bring through the building Every day What do they do? They just bring him in here They let him look in on a show and look around Why do they put him right back inside? Oh well then why do they call it work release? This is the work man When you come in here and you're part of this show boy it's work Trust me Seems like a piece of cake doesn't it? I'm on So very intervening experience Man talking to all of these male contents They've all got their complaints I'm not a male content I didn't say you were Oh You and I are the only normal two in the whole bunch Well Well here's tell you You bet Yeah I think so too Just ask Jack he'll tell you Jack Jack Thompson Oh I thought you were talking about my ex-puzzles Well him too Oh he's definitely a male content Good well I'm glad he got rid of him Would you do a little cyanide? No I didn't get rid of him I mean he's still hanging around Figuratively speaking right But anyway What's really interesting is that your show is like a little bit of smooth And exactly Is that what they say of North? I haven't been you know what? I left New York 20 About 20 years ago And I've never been back I mean my family came down I've never got everybody down of Florida But I think that it's really I think that it's really important That people have a little bit of I happen to say In Miami it's probably hard to do But I think people ought to have a little bit of compassions Yeah little rock monas That's what they say in New York Excuse me Rock monas That's Chinese for compassions Oh it sounds like it's a hitters Oh no We don't use yet a shunny show Oh Oh no Well it's okay I mean I grew up in New York There was a very famous Jewish Chinese philosopher though And we quote him frequently Excuse me? His name was Moishi Pupic Oh really? Yeah He was full brother to Confucius Well listen I don't want to get you all confused now Because I seem to be getting you off the beaten track And you obviously had something very important to tell us What excuse me? I said you obviously had something very important to tell us And I don't want to get you a side track I know I know I know I'm not all that important I just thought it maybe I think maybe People that come down to Florida from New York In the recent years Like like the 80s and the like 70s I think that I think that they're screwing up the steak Because we're getting a little bit politically And everything else Florida is Florida still in the south Yeah in the deep south And the New Yorkers are not responsible for that Most of the New Yorkers who came here are moderate to liberal Not right wing fanatics Not Christian primitives Well that's what I'm saying Well don't you understand Unless of course they eat the early bird In which case some of the Margeoish primitives But that's another story You're not following this Because you don't understand what I mean over there in Naples It's like sleepy time I mean here it's like a bustling, hustling Butter the endothal Wait a minute No man's land 80 cakes Waterdale used to be like that too Come on When I moved to Waterdale you didn't have to wear shoes Anywhere Right I mean as long as you had your top cover that was it Exactly and now in Waterdale you don't have to wear anything Well I know but the best thing later Well listen it's been great hearing from you I got a break to do here and they're getting very upset with me Oh come on Nobody gets upset with you No that's true It's great hearing from you Have a wonderful day enjoy the sunshine Okay Don't let any of these people get you depressed Oh no it's interesting And please call me again What do you place? Five Okay 27 pay 11 30 WI and ZME of Rogers here until Tuesday And major will be here from 2 to 6 This afternoon we'll hear about Stance exploits in the Albertsons over the weekend Coral Gables hello Hello Neil Yes sir Actually it's immoral Gables Yeah I've forgotten moral Gables I think I have it all figured out now The Pope is actually that doctor and drag Shame on you sir Yes actually well I have something I'll see here too Shame on you Shame on you Well I like that Oh I have something better than that Wait do you hear this one? Wait Oh you're playing these Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I hope it never happens to you. Some free breaks your marriage into my wife's town, mother, banana. But baby, sit back away. Okay, that was great. I know you like Ricky Nelson's song, right? Can I play it one more? No, don't do your play in Ricky Nelson. Well, no, I mean, not on the keyboard thing that I have. What song are you going to play? What song? I don't have that. Let me see how I can do this. What are you doing? Auditioning for the bill, McQuake Show or what? Just brightening up the day for the people up in Maine. You keep this up, you'll have a weekend show on IOD within a week. Let's see what I can do. This guy's good, sign him up. I don't want to play with you. I don't want it on, it on, it on, it on, it on, it on. With his body. He didn't come into the. Okay, simple. It's up. It's up. No, Al肠. What do you think? question. Oh, Julius I'm not sure. Are you sorry. Thank you. What happened he got a letter from Lefus Geronti. shame on you sir. Oh well, that was a great performance. Thank you. I'm no guy that called you a few days before Father's day to wish my father and help you Father's day. Oh yeah. Have you played with the banana song? Yeah. Well, it's so happened he was listening and he paid recorded it. And now anytime any of the relatives come in from town or anybody has to put that tape on the people who died with laughter and I'm cringing turning red of some bearers. Well, you want to see the mail that came in here today. We got a box full of mail that will keep us busy for about a month. Any more striker pictures? Just to control yourself sir, forget about that stuff. I'm telling you it's banned. Okay. Well, when I'm in that bandage, I don't think a bandage can cover that up. And you look at those pictures from now on. They will do nothing for you. Those organs on your body are strictly for elimination. Yes. No, it is. Trust me. Oh goodness. Okay. No more especially in moral gables. That's it. Because somebody may be monitoring your activities. I hope so. Who would be the best thing has happened yet? Okay. I think it's wishful thinking sir, but have a wonderful day. Okay. That was a good call. What do we do with all this mail roster? I think he had a hernia. Brink is you got a hernia bringing it in here. Good. Good. Holy Toledo. Yeah. They say in Ohio. Why? I mean, that's all right. Thank you very much. Don't get carried away. We don't need, you know, I may be limp-rusted, but I can handle it. There's a tape. Oh great. It says it's from A. H. I wonder what that stands for. K. H. Another tape for hope. Oh, there's Pope sticker. Pope, the people man is sure are pushing. You'll just pass out when you see all the tapes. And here's a box from Portland, Maine. It's ticking. Oh, look at that. It's from Freeport in the Bahamas. Oh, wonderful from the Bahamas. Am I good friends? Many at your liquor. Oh, good. I'm going to start drinking that as soon as I get off the air. That's good. I don't drink, but boy, I sure a good day to start. Mm-hmm. Well, there's just this is a flood of mail. Staying would be upset if he saw that. I know. I mean, I've never seen mail like this ever. Not sense. Oh, no. No, never even boon in the box. Never hit it like there. Well, I just think if every envelope had a hundred dollar bill in it. Right? Well, how with all these people with their problems, right? I could just go off to call her wait for Wednesday for post time, parlay it into a million. On Go Gator with her aburto Castillo Junior. Boy, beat me up by like this much and it was almost a triple dead heat. What a race. What a race. Pompano, hello. Oh, good morning. Mr. Rogers. Yes, ma'am. How you all doing up in Pompano? Oh, we are doing fine. I've held on so long. I've almost forgotten where I wanted to say. I almost lost my mind. It's nerve-rass not. But I was calling to tell you, I listened to your program every day because I'm disabled and I'm unable to work. So I don't miss a program. On yesterday I think night, you wanted the people not to rally against the station, nothing like that. But to come out, you know, with some shared signs in favor of what you are doing because you have not done anything wrong in here for 10. If you knew what I have in my hand, now it's not that. If you knew what I have in my hand right now, now this arrives on the day. I can't believe these showed up today. I've got a record that will make you laugh so hard. You'll be on the floor. Are you listening? Yes. I'm serious. No kids. It'll cheer you up in no time. Are we going to play it? Oh, I'm going to play it. Okay. You want me to go right? Pardon up. Right. Okay. Well, you take care of your show. The bird. Hello. Thanks a lot. I'll give them the bird for you. Okay. Bye bye. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, this crew have arrived on a more appropriate day. Now that's true. This is all we've got. All right. Oh, from Louisville. Kentucky and it's not from Churchill down either. Wait a minute. This is from Churchill down to this messy. This is some of the post-durby. I didn't know that they tested that. No, this is, oh, I hope they're all in one piece. And we have five of these that we're going to give away, too. That's right. I haven't seen this in years. You know how long it's been? It's been 22 years since I saw this. And of course for some people in our audience, it's been 22 years since they saw that. Yeah. Oh, I can't believe it. Oh, it's a big, it's a huge, it's like an album. Oh, my god. They've changed the label on it a little bit. Oh, my goodness. And all its breezy manner direct from the Wendy city to you. I can't read the, yeah. No, I can't read the title of the record. Now, Jack O'Kid, a very upset. But it says a perfect example of the Zesty vulgarity of the Edwardian age. How could anyone seriously dislike it? Our T-Stoo could blow out a candle from a distance of a foot or the generation who applauded him. I can't believe that I actually have this in my hot little hand. Could open it up? Is Leonard here today? Yes. Now we're going to have to bleep out the last words. Oh, no. Oh, yes, trust me. Where is it? All different cuts. Here it is, just one cut. I can't believe this. And it goes on. It's a very long. I don't know what he's going to put it on because I don't remember how long this is. It was on for several minutes. Those tie on it? No. Are you serious? You don't put time on something as valuable as this. Oh, I've like, I'll figure it out. Yeah. You figured it out. But the last word. Okay. Well, I have to figure out what to do with that. It's a ribbon-nunu. But we will get it on some time today because it may be the last time we ever get to play it. Once and maybe the end. Maybe the only time. So don't go away today. Oh, no. Call everybody you know. This is going to be a momentous day for it's a good thing you know who isn't getting here to hold a moral. I'm telling you, you're going to be on the floor when you hear this. You may be listening on the listen line, though. Never know. Good luck to them. Okay. Well, let's take another break now because I am so excited. You have no idea about this. I've been waiting for 22 years to find this record again. And it is in a class by itself. It's unbelievable. Okay. And it's British. It's English. So it's very proper. Mm-hmm. Oh, there are no more spots. We did them all in one break. Oh, the doctor will be thrilled. We did them all in one break. Okay. Shame on you. It's all right. We can handle it. We can handle it. Wait till Stan comes in and looks at that. He's going to turn around and go home. Okay. Let's take some more calls while we're figuring out what we're going to do with that. And the male here is just unbelievable. Would you like to do it? I don't know how long it is, though. If you got a long cart, eight, four and a half. No, no, no. Get serious. There's a real long. Oh, you know who would be upset if we do that Elvis cut. Oh my god. That's the longest cart, but he still got the music. He's not going to play that. Holy me, he won't be upset. Well, you're really okay. You know, you're going to have to dump or bleep the last word. We, you blast word is one of the seven. We can't play that on the air. So I don't know how you're going to do that. You just have to delete it. You can listen to what first listen to the last. Okay. Okay. Here you go. It's that side where it says contest trust me. Okay, 18 before and as you listen to it because my memory, it's 22 years old. If you find anything else in there that might be objection, but let me know because we don't have all times we don't want to. The whole side. I'm telling you it's a long thing. Kendall, hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. Same on you. Have it a guy in the radio that's played with his organ. I know. I mean, you know, jack would go crazy. Exactly. You know, I'm going to have to fall in. I'm going to just stop sexual my wife. I'm going to take your advice. No more sir. Oh, no. It is a matter of fact. Just good memories. Your favorite tabloid today. The Miami Harrel. It says here, survey, find US women having less sex and liking it more. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I believe it. Jack doing his work already. You bet. I can't believe this guy. Well, in the Sun Sentinel today in the letters to the editor, somebody a, uh, Eve's La Caz in Fort Latter Bayel says boycotting W. I. N. Z. And it's advertisers is censorship and it's a great letter in here about Dr. Huffin mouth and it's, uh, I'm not going to take the time to read it. But I thank Eve's in Fort Latterdale for defending a free speech. Well, I'll tell you what. You found my stand today. Give it up those numbers. You know, what is it? Monday blues, everybody just a little slogan at a bed. No, they're all there. They just, uh, they don't know what to do. They don't know whether it's scream or eat a banana. They're ready to banana. That's cream. Hello, good talking to you. And I enjoy your show. Thanks a lot. Hey, care. Bye bye. Here's an interesting card. It says I'm familiar with Stooges. Blank. I can't read that in a term, Blankhole buddies. But the relationship you have with the bird to find description. That poor guy laughs at everything you say, even though you repeat yourself odd in finitum. How often can he cackle when he hears tinkle all over or douchebag? He must get some extra dough for helping you try to be funny. By the way, if you, if they pay you more than minimum wage, you owe the company some money. Adios your friends senior, loody crust isn't a cute from Miami. Another one is listening right now just getting sexual excitement. Oh, shame on this. That's an old dirty postcard and damping the columns in it. I can't believe it. In St. Petersburg doing incestuous things with the sea golf. Unbelievable. What are we going to do with all that mail? Got me. Oh, I can't believe it. What the hell did we do? Uh, solicits such an incredible response. Michael may not show up for the headlines by the wagers when he hears that record. Oh, here's some copies of some letters. Now, this is from a life insurance company in Miami. Copy of a letter from a 37 year old man married with one child college graduate, etc. and so on. If a few mouth contents can force you to change Mr. Rodgers style, then you need to re-examine your role as owner operator of that station. If a thousand calls came in complaining about Mr. Rodgers or the show in general, they'd be microscopic compared to those that enjoy and approve. Well, this is a good line, not reading the whole thing, but it's a beautiful letter and I thank what's his name Edward for that. Here's a letter from Kaliwood, California. Well, boy, I bet you're in a what's in this. I bet you there's something really sub-roso in this envelope. I look at that. It's on pink stationery. Now, it's not from Jeff Strikker. Oh, sorry. I don't even understand what this whole thing is. What is it? bizarre. Okay, let's take the calls and forget about all this foolishness. Okay, because if we start reading the mail again, oh, let's not forget about this. Here's a card from Key West. Sure is. It says I picked up this postcard on a trip to Key West. I'm not sure what message they're trying to send, but I doubt the Chamber of Commerce would approve. Please send me the Pope stickers. And look who it's from. Look at the name. Oh, my Johnny from Johnny D. Johnny D. Boy, isn't that interesting? Okay, but we're not going to talk about those two almost naked guys on the front of that because we're not into that stuff anymore. Well, all these attorneys, you know, there must be a hundred thousand attorneys per square inch. And here's a guy wants to bump or stick. Oh, a good attorney. There are a couple. And he even puts in a stamp self-adressed envelope. I totally, there are a couple of good and like that. Boy, just amount to the mail. Although there is one open line in date and a turret. 624. 9400. Let's go to, oh, here's the guy who, what does that say about the Pope sticker? I don't understand this. See, once I get involved in this stuff, I just can't get away from it. I don't, I distracted. I am a self-confessed homophob. I just don't like men, especially Harry ones. I made a conscious decision many years ago to resist any advances from the same sex. The only problem was trying to find women who would make any advances. Boy, bizarre letter. It's going to hold thing here about W.J. and O. Brillard. John Broward, letter to the editor. I was shocked and sickened at radio stations. W.J. and O. is commentator, John Broward, who publicly on the air referred to Brooklyn District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman as a bitch who would have been incinerated in a gas chamber's in Germany were not for the intervention of the military. Oh, oh boy, from the same inspector in Royal Palm Beach, and it goes on. At on. W.J. and O. station manager George Mills told Jewish world that W.J. and O. does not endorse those type of statements and that John Broward is no longer with the station. Hmm. This is August 21st. Is that true? It's first I heard of it. Oh wait a minute. We got to check this out. I think he is still with the station last I heard he's doing 10 to 1. W.J. and O. This ought to be really exciting. Would that be something because they're changing their wait a minute? Hmm. Hmm. Okay, we'll check it out right now. And here's someone that's in the tape and but it says I'm going to let him keep your claws off exact length since I make the tapes. Well, I see a first. There must be something in there for me. Right. Okay, we're making this call. Yeah, I'm calling his John Broward on the air with you folks. Oh, I see. When did he leave? Over a week. Okay. Thank you. Oh, be done. Isn't that interest? Oh, be done. Isn't that interesting. John Broward no longer on the air at JNO? Or he lasted long time didn't he? Boy, they changed the lineup up there like some people like Rick Weaver changes his underwear. Yeah, like at least once a week. Can't believe it. Boy, they're just going through people in the John Levitt. Uh-huh. There on the weekend or whatever. Got a lot of interesting stuff in the mail here ladies and gentlemen, we're all sharing it with you. A lot of Dale. Hello. Fuck. Great call. We heard just the last word of the live in here. The whole word. Yeah. Do you want to try it again? That's it. Yeah, that was good. Yeah, the three letters. There's no problem with. Right? We didn't hear the beginning of that word. Did we? No. Call Gable. Hello. Okay. Okay. Here's something from your one of your favorite movies you haven't heard from for a while. I just wanted to pass along this little scene where you I think you in the cop where would get a kick out of. Come on. Unfold the shortboard. Okay. Let's move on. Let's go to all these people that want to, you know, the humorists over the airplane stuff in the background. For Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. How are you? Okay. Well, this is your diabetic listener in Oakland Park. I hope you're sitting down because I try to reach you for two hours Friday, but majors came in and you got wound up and I'm trying for now and I have this morning. Number one, I have good news and bad news for you. Right from the horse of Smots. You want to go to the bad first. We'll take it as it comes soon. I give you a good news. We can handle it. Yeah. Because the bad news is quite little entry. There's an interview with Edmund Hanson who owes Channel 7. He owns a Channel 7 in town. Right. And one of the business channels that I get, there is one middle bit here that I think you'll find interesting. They ask him a question. And he answers, I'm not sure that it is self-cooked. This is, do you think Miami is too self-conscious about its image? In his answer, as I am not sure that it is self-conscious, I think Miami tends to be confused about its image. Clearly, Miami has changed a lot. The Jackie Gleason days are ancient history. The strength of the Miami image is that it is an exciting vibrant community with a lot of things going on that appeal to a lot of different people. Neil Rogers, a local talk show host is the new Jackie Gleason. That was in the article. Now, you there? I'm here, you know. All right. But you saw, you don't believe what I'm doing. I didn't hear that last part. I was otherwise, uh, was about you. Did you hear about that? You're Neil Rogers is the new Jackie Gleason of South Florida. Who said that? Answer the owner channel 7 in this interview. He said that? Yeah. I almost fell off the chair when I read that. It's an an article. An interview that says 60 seconds with Edmund Hanson. Yeah. Okay. Now, I personally called guy in that Friday and I had my attorney also get a whole missus policy. I'm an exaternity. So, he has some context. I spoke to Mr. Gilbertson for 45 minutes. Really? It's correct. And I told him that he was violating my civil rights and also by my first amendment rights, by telling me who I can listen to and what what I'm not supposed to listen to. He's also violating your civil rights and your first amendment rights. And you have a legal right to every type that was taken out of that place. Yeah. There was nothing that we've played that's in all of what they have. No right to take it. There's nothing has been a clear contract supposedly that says everything that you need to make a living. That's part of your material. Whatever you may unkind and play that belongs to you. And if they don't give it back to you whether or not you stay on the station or play it again or give information, you still have the right and should sue them for those cards. That's number one. Number two, there was definitely a conspiracy that's been going on for months between the Aged Stiasis. They've been dealing with Mrs. Pauli who was a typical puritanical mind of the New England. They don't care about ratings. They only care about pandering to the hell, to the Aged Stiasis, to some Jewish and Cuban organizations that they've been getting heat from. However, he was on and stuff to tell me that the calls Friday that you you know calling in into Portland are three to one in your favor. Yeah. And I don't think that you can last on the station. They may let you go. They'd let you out of your contract, which is the way he talks. Oh, that's fine with me. Oh, that's what he said. That's what he said. And I told him he says he's a horse's ass because you know you've turned this town around. He's the only thing worth listening to what's doing down he's been here 10 years. I used to come to Florida I told you for 40 years ago when there was life down here. Now there's nothing here and I'm I plan to leave within the year with my son to go back to California or Hawaii because I can't take it anymore. I'm going to miss you but you can't live on weather kneel. And you know only for climate and there isn't another station if you leave. I know you can get work anywhere and oh, to stay in this community because even though many more support to them are detractors or monitoring you, who've got diabetes like I have and you're going to put yourself on an early grave and nobody will have been nobody cares about it down here. You're wasting yourself for the governor like my teamers and the and the and the and it's all out of two down here it's and the the fact that you're almost sexual all these things they've been working for months behind the scenes so don't just think it just happened in the last few weeks because of what you've been playing. Now I'm getting this from the horses mouth up in Portland and Mrs. Paulie, she plays Miss, plays Miss nice guy when she sees and everything she loves your show. Let's see what you want you off the year two. Now if you're smart you will not take an enforced vacation on Friday because I'll do to you what they did to call you when he left when you left. Well I hate to break the news to you or to them but I do have a contract which I have right here on the tables and matter of fact and they aren't going to do anything to anybody and you know if they would like me to leave I'll tell you what thing if I left here on Friday I would. Hello they have new uh it's in the voice learning you know to open up your like I own that's right. Now they have new and overdue it. New things they made up that you did. The Pope is an A--H-Dash. Yeah I said that. A 17 year old caller is advised by show host to show pornographic films to his sister. Right. Oh yeah. I don't remember them. You know they put in one or two that I said and they make up a lot of other stuff like you know the floor in the confetti that was well in the porn a a peat show. Yeah I still think it's a great line. Yeah we tried thought of that one. Why do Cuban men wear moustaches because they want to look like their mothers? Oh the one about confessional is in here again. Yeah yeah I say they left that one in. Oh yeah letter for Taffy. That's great. Great. Well this is good and of course the Accomplic Church and the local arts diocese in a frantic full court press just before the holy father gets here. Oh that's just a coincidence. Yeah just a coincidence isn't it? Of course just like the last time was just a coincidence. Also want to thank a lot of people who sent me copies of letters that they sent to a guy getting a broadcasting we gave the address out on Friday and Saturday and of course you know they're always going to be one or two clinkers in the bunch like this hard you'll be delighted to hear what's from. It says, poor Neil Rogers everyone is picking on him even the owners and main and Neil hasn't done anything bad Mr. Gilbert's and sure he's harassed the senior citizens of Hallendale. Bad mouth cane red tail fowler Charles Worthing. Cod your Kent Peyton McDermott Cox, witchener, zagaki, mccala to name a few. Sure he's tried the lure a few young boys from quick check to go to Hawaii with him but he's queer that's his sex satisfaction yes he's made douche bag and asshole household worlds but gothes everyone perfect but Neil will persevere he can always get a job in a glass factory blowing glass. But here's the good one Mr. Rogers when you go you won't be missed one doesn't have to know you well to know you are phony merely listening to you a few times is proof positive a few times yeah wait to hear this now if you were to shock jock I'll austirin from New York your ratings would not be what they are however even you should know this market's not New York and to copy stirren is to be a mere copycat I predicted you as your worst enemy will rule the day you adopted the sleigh signed moving check now who can't shut it off oh you vey erving unbelievable great letter isn't that great you got a yup another tweeting bird maybe you and his tweeting together and make little tweeting you see he's a little cut he'll listen folk well I'm sure that that he's fly you know you can meet in mid air he sent me a list of other nick balms for tweeting really tweet the tweedster I like that the tweetster that rhymes with kester the bird man that's another good one very good I like your mail north Miami hello oh Neil yeah are you okay good um you know I'm very strong supporter of you real space in your philosophies and when I heard that all those great songs of material were banned you know it hurt it hurt and I have a list here 168 people on the real presenting in a petition for him but you don't have the list in one of the audience like and what a conclusion I come to is that there's a piece of puzzle missing whereas you have the nine or ten share of the audience you know 800,000 people who really enjoy your program and non-offended boy and that enjoy everything you say and you have a handful of the answer for an out-and-pence but when these folks come into corporate headquarters or your station manager or whatever is making these decisions to be in programming everything sounds like a crime club so the list of the puzzle it's missing is the sponsors they are the money people so you take the sponsor I don't know how many you have maybe a dozen or two dozen and you want to stand on the other people they are supporting our they are advertising in a real space they're reaching 10% of the population that I am a swipe that I'm a background at advertising that is an unbelievable number we are the other real space are they're just pitching a full-angle radio money on one or two percent so these are the people that should be putting the pressure on your corporate headquarters and but one name and your station manager and programming directors now wait a wait a minute the station manager wait a minute sir hold it the station manager and the program director we don't have a problem with those people it is not a local problem in other words we have people here who are paid to operate and program and manage the station and even though you know we've had a couple of disagreements which is always going to happen but you know the problem is with basically as I understand at one individual in corporate headquarters at Portland Maine who basically it also as I understand it I you know he didn't sign my contract he didn't hire me I don't work for him and I have nothing to do with them I know he's saying me but put yourself I know tell yourself he should submit it he said so they're important mainly he said of something corporation a god knows how many companies he controls he gets a class from the sky jet constant or the watch guy is the soda you know I'm in admittedly we think that they're crazy but they are I guess somewhat well spoken and they talked to him and he tell him this and him being up and forth when they know this in their station not knowing that there's a lot of young people down here who are in their station and you've brought life back to listening to radio and you know he has to take that quote and you know that don't I mean any person or CEO of a large corporation is going to defend the corporation from any hint of scandal and this guy is turning up on the skin or characterization and whatever else they do but I think that the only so boring effect has to come from this country you know these the sponsors of the corporation and they come to learn more into your station they pay everybody so we're here in a supplier perhaps nothing else the government is successful operation your operation is in poor brain successful so they would make these problems a point when they you will say that all your class will come back and you'll get a raise and everything will be great but the show need have to know that the sponsors are behind you too yeah okay well I appreciate it okay thanks for your lecture okay got some open lines in date now 624 9400 and we have some incredible cheesecake that just arrived okay can't believe it no calories of course right no no calories from cheesecake etc you better write that and pepper pines better write that on the log rich cheese cake etc in pepper pines and if the bird ever gets through mingling the boxes here look at that what are those full moose I looks like bullwinkle moose that one right there thank you very much just look great and I know we're going to enjoy it and I know somebody of course not to mention a name is will be inhaling it like it's for this whole thing is that a bull right wow unbelievable spoons the whole business thank you very much we appreciate deep throat hello hi doing now okay I go in don't answer the mouth is probably full with the food right yeah I went to call to cancel on Java gold while I gave it to you he bucks on the two well I wouldn't do bad by loss on bet twice bet twice I lost on that shame they're doing it again but it didn't might stop in it at break oven on the way back I made him sure I made sure to tell him did I was there because of you which I encourage all your listeners to do because I'm gonna just spend on the box this nice know that you know you're the reason I went there yeah now for the good stuff I got gossip on these hours and I taped a call I made to Gilberson I don't know if it'll be good you know air quality I don't know if you'll hear it I don't know you can't we can't play it on we can't play it on the air but what's that we can't play it on the air it was a satire tapes not real okay can that be played if I can understand it that's all well let me say about leaf alifers the gossip said Glenn hasn't been doing his job giving you any gossip I figured I have to take up the slack the latest thing I heard at leaf alifers was trying to make ends meet he's moonlighting the hours pointer star and the eyes are as original as Lee is he's stolen the title from the dress strike a movie bigger than life he's calling it smaller than snooze and now you've even got just striker to appear and see with him and you know Lee all have it's hard to break guys matter ready one week here he is once again with Jeff striker and you guess it's taking a poll from the big guy now you want to hear the tape I don't know how well this will be one of my battery to go out here hang on you're any you're having a lot of kinds of problems to the end go ahead but the contest the blister blister blipper tape yeah I don't remember there being any bad words on it no it's not a blupper tape the great reputation content right right now I think there's any bad words on that part remember here about twenty years ago yeah there's no bad words it's great it's just gonna take me a long time it's too long to put on a cart okay here here see if you can hear it if not to come me off okay this is the wait a minute this is great but let's not overdo it okay I can only eat so much here and look a lusking us going ok there it wouldn't or guy I'm the governor of the beginning of the interview. Yes, Mr. Gilbert's interview deep throat calling. When did I tell you never to call me at the office? No, not for us as deep throat, not Neil Rockers, was his down in Miami. The calling started to Neil was doing a great job down here, and this is his book, My Call, to give him support. Thank you very much, Mr. throat. Your comments will be noted. Anyway, well, I have you on the phone. That is Glenn Hill, get hired down there anyway. Just lucky, I give. Thank you very much for your time, Mr. Gilbert, and one more thing before I go, could you please promise to do your best to keep Neil Rockers on the air? Absolutely, I will not do that, out of the day. Very good. I'm just a little bit Neil. Yeah, on a scale of eight, you know, good effort. Keep the cheap required, what can I say? Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, bye. Well, this is a cheese cake. Mmm, really delicious. And don't worry, I'm not going to overdo it. Just a little taste. And then I'm sure that you know who will devar all a rest of it. Nobody in the building get to touch any of it. Day one, six past noon at WI and Z. Big pine key, hello. Hey, what's going on Neil? What's going on in Big Pine Keyser? Not at, you know, what thing? Yeah. I just wanted to call until you did not say that joke about where I keep it, and then all have my status, that's my line. Yeah, Colors said that and you're the one. I'm the one, and I just want those people that know, hey man, I'm Catholic and Alta Boy, and I was molested by priest. Mm-hmm. And I mean, what the heck? The Pope's probably, you know, there are two. But I just had to call and tell them that that's plagiarism. They stole my joke. Oh, I'd figure, you know, of course I'm stealing that one line about day. A confessional in the peep show or so. Yeah, well, hey, you know, God, I just wanted to call and let you know. Keep going, man. We lose you. I'm moving out of Miami. Well, let me tell you one thing. If, you know, whatever day it is, if it happens. And I'm not on this station. You can be sure the next day I'll be somewhere else. Yeah, I hope it's in South Florida, we can see you. That's what I'm talking about. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'd be like that. They're plagiarizing that guy's material. Shame on you. Dr. Hoth and Mouth. Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I thought you had trouble with Mr. Spindle. Mr. Spindle? Is that the reason? Be nice. Now, come on. He's very sensitive, sir. So, at any rate, I can't point with you. Think you got trouble? I called up and I said, Rett me half the big Kahuna. And a guy came on the phone and said, I mean, there's no discussion of this. I'll dot it, welcome. At any rate, I called you because I never listened to your show. And before you were talking to a lady, you got her broken fears between Chinese and Giddish. She said she was from Manhattan. And you were giving her a little get-ish, and she said, Chinese or vice versa. And then the rate, a friend of mine is, is opening a restaurant. And he's going to solve the entire situation. His name will never come out of the open. Even though it's four of it. And he's opening a Chinese restaurant in Timber Act. And he's calling it some dumb boy. Okay. You think you'd like to have a meal in it? That sounds as a right up my L.E. sir. Very good. Enjoy yourself. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay. I can just think we'd like to take there for the first meal. When it comes in a town tomorrow. I mean, it's not everybody who gets a restaurant named after himself. 1229, or W.I. and Z. got a couple of open lines in Broward now. Boy, they're just hurt. They're just hurt. Well, this heli-m-pi is so good. 524, 9400, cheesecake, etc. At 324, a sophomore wrote in Poverpines. That's in that little shopping center. Right? Little strip shopping center. I don't know. But it's great. You don't know? That's not my neighbor. Got the mic so far away from him. I think he's got all this lined up. Look at this. He's got it all lined up in front of him. Like an assembly. Priorities. The mic, you know. Food. Right? I noticed you. You're going to be losing a lot of weight. What I'm going from here, I said it out. All these premiums. Long gone, baby. Audio's. So when you leave, the free-meal sleeve. That's what you say. Unless Donald gets a lot of free-meal. He might understand that the Greg and Donald are going on a cruise together is done right? Three days and two nights. It must be the cruise. What do these sleeping arrangements are in that cruise? Because we just agree that kind of stuff. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. No more of that. No more touching below the waist in this town. No more even. Touching above the waist. Touching above the waist. Touching above the waist. It'll be modernity. Oh. Beautiful. Right now. There'll be a little tap on the cabin door. I'm going to ring you, Donald. I'll tell you what. I was doing fine to the guy called on the mop blame in him. He was a good caller about quarter to twelve. Oh yeah. The one who had the forty-five in conversation with Mr. Gilbertson. That really bugs me out. Yeah. That they would say something like that. Well not only that, but you know the impression of course I'm getting it second hand and I'm a little leery of that. That's right. But the impression that Mrs. Holly and the whole corporate from top to bottom. In the station and of course this is a very conservative company to say the least. But you know if you don't have their support, they're what's the point of it. You know what is it that they wanted? They wanted a bigger audience. They wanted a younger audience. They wanted living and breathing people. They wanted to take a day part that was dead. Fifty thousand watts, midday that was dead for years. Now dead is a dornal. And pump life into it. Yeah. And then pump life back in afternoon drive which day. And we've done it. And to be fair Mark Kune is well aware of that and what you did. The local people are fine. The local management. They were well aware of what you did. You did what you were hired to do. Bring audience to the radio station in your time period. And you certainly accomplished that. And they were fine. Yeah. Totally support you. And not saying anything new I guess. You've said all this right. But we'd like to re-innovate the salient points here. For the heart of hearing. For the hearing impaired. You know. I'm going to go back to eating now. Well just both eat. What's that eating sound? So no format. No. Can't offend anybody by that. Right? Well I don't know. It's disgusting. They're making got a roll sounds. And they're radio. They're eating. They're reading with their mouthful. And you better watch it because somebody's monitoring what you're eating. You hear that Donald? Miami. Hello. Yeah. Are you done? Okay. Bobby. Bobby. How you doing, Bobby? Hey, don't grab. Great. As everything. Well, another one of our young listeners who we've corrupted. Listen, as you like the dirty dinner, let's do it. Well we've got it. We're not allowed to read that, but now it's still too racy for wins. I don't understand what I'm going to do. Like look at it at all. Well I have it right here as a matter of fact. The roll man of the blast. That's it. That's it. That's it. Interesting. I want to know about the stains on the book, Bobby. Believe it or not, does it taste stains? There are tea stains? Oh yeah. Like Yale Stewart was really looking for tea lady. The tea lady. And there are some lines here that are even crossed out. Well, none of the red ones are for you to read. They're not crossed out. It's trying to highlight them. I couldn't find them. Oh, we thought Jack Thompson it. Oh my god. It's centered the book. He got up and lifted her on the edge of the bed. Through her back, taking her legs under his arm. Oh, and it goes on. I can't even read the rest. Yeah, Jackal. I don't dare read the rest because they're monitoring us. Good. Make a attract and listen to that tape. We're still going to go to the Smithsonian Institute to find an eight-crack. Great sense of humor, Bobby. Bring us an eight-track. Why don't you bring us an Edison cylinder? Hey, if I can find one. Do you know how they used to have like wax cylinders? Way before either one of us were born. No, too. That's a stuff they play on KAT. They don't stick at the eight-track. The people who did it, they used to play on money trainers. Really? Yeah, and I went there one night and they were handing them out and everything. So I got one and I was listening to, you know, I listened to this was like five years ago. You know, and I was listening to, and then I had a hidden rail, and I always wanted to say, maybe they have a useful, maybe they'll get a kick out of listening to it. I noticed a lot of pages in this book are doggy or anything. Why is that? I don't know. Oh, just having by accident. Yeah, slip of the ten I guess. Slip is something. Flip is something. Boy. You guys are right, you know that. Well, listen, you better listen real close. Now you're still coming in here Wednesday? Sure. Well, you better listen tomorrow to find out if you should come in on Wednesday. Oh, yeah, I'm going down. Your every day could be the last one. Your laugh, and I'm serious. Yeah. Yep. Kyle is he knew what's when to get out? Yeah. Well, just, he knew the vacation he needs to. Yeah. That means you go into math or control in the health, Bobby. Yeah, he's got to spend all that big rays of the game, you know. Oh, he's good to me. What did he say? I asked him the fact that staying on this flat Sunday. Absolutely not. Well, that line is going around a lot. No, but he needs to lighten up a little bit. I mean, I'm sure he's a nice guy, everything. You are? Uh-huh. Nothing. He is a nice guy. Oh, yeah. He just, you know, takes a lot of abuse and he responds in kind. Yeah. That's not personal. I was very, very impressed with it. I was a little less when I lived. All that. I mean, everybody was so friendly, so especially, you know, Glenn. Yeah. Look out for him. I'm telling you. Yeah, can you believe Bobby that some people don't like me that they've never even met me? I mean, see if they just, you know, take the past these old bags. Well, some are young bags. They've never met me never talked to me, but they hate me. Can you understand that? No, I'm not. I'm not. Listen to that. You guys think it's on me. Glenn here is the Max who's got. You just think about this. This is coming from someone who actually met whoever had that they got to know you're real well. I mean, if you just take the time to talk to him for two minutes. Okay. I mean, you'll understand where he's coming from. I mean, the caring person and, you know, you're pulling out of the criticism. So, so, Bob, what was writing out these just, stop radio? Hahaha. I rather take any more of your time, guys. Why not? Why not? I don't know if you guys want to keep me on our side, you know. Yeah, but you think to say, if you have anything to say, Bobby, that would be good, but, you know. Right. Now, I'm curious now, is your, you know, how old is he 17? 19. 19. You're like, um, getting married in two months. It's getting married in two months. So you're like a legal person. Almost, yeah. Yeah. So you don't have to get permission from your family to speak to us on this show. Oh, no. They're not worried about, we're going to corrupt your morals. I'm already corrupting. And your fiance, Bob, I tried to she know that you've been reading this book. This was her book, it's me, but that's- No, boy. Oh, boy. Jackson, we're going to upset. Now you know why he sounds so happy all the time. Uh-huh. Well, listen, I hope you had a good time already because after today, no more or Hanky Panky, Bob. No. All right, that is his listening. No, I don't mean that. I'm talking about just in general, we've banned any of that kind of activity. Oh, let's try that right. So, you can think about it, but don't do it. Oh. And don't think about it much. Yeah. Think about it very briefly, like, you know, a couple of seconds at a time. I still got a good hand, right? No, you can't do that either. Do you? Boy, this guy, he just, uh, You just don't get the message. The massage, do you? He's not of that. Well, what are you supposed to do with others? Well, forget about it. Just take a lot of cold showers and think good clean pure thoughts and go see the pope when he comes here. I bet if I'm blind for them, I can't see. Well, that's okay. Okay. Okay. I will, when I'll get it all the morning. Great. Tomorrow night. After noon. Tomorrow night. Like at home? Listen, I think I need to have a little chat with your fiance. Bye-bye. All right, bye. Well, she has a right to know. I mean, if there's a third party involved, I think she's got a right to know. It's not a third party involved. It sounds like it's a main. You're upset that don't get jealous, but I'm not jealous. You sure? Positive. All right. Well, maybe a little. Now he's a nice guy. Very nice guy. Came by here. by here, Mattis Hall. Interesting, getting into this business. I tried to talk to him since then. Do you know, are you serious? Yeah, I don't do it. I mean, if this, if this week's experience hasn't taught you that this is the worst business in the world again, too. I mean, it's like turning your life over to a bunch of vultures if you pardon that expression. God, well, anybody would want to be in this business. What is this? I don't know, but don't put any of that. I mean, that stuff is so rich. And he's just eating it and eating it and devouring. Why is the new dude? Oh, my God. They took my blood sugar right now. It'll be about like 4,000. I'll give some of this to Charlotte who's sending out Pope stickers today. Oh, thank you, Charlotte. That's very nice. Yeah. I'll take you to some goodies. I mean, something to eat. We have a call on a mobile phone. Hello. I know how are you. Okay. Well, I'm going to broadcast this for 15 years and listening to all this. Reminds me of experience I had in Cleveland that he's very highly rated radio station. And fortunately, the owner is there. He had some sense about them. But apparently what's happening here is your Mr. Gilbertson is a freight of power that isn't in his hand. In other words, a nine rating is something he can handle. And you have the nine rating and you being the person responsible for it. He can't handle it because he's out of control. Yeah. That's why he's trying to exercise control by taking care of the studio. I'm sure there's lots of sensible owners that would be happy to have your nine rating. A lot of them. You can go to the bank card. That's right. Like tomorrow. Yep. Like yesterday. So good luck to you. And I hope you stay in this market. Thanks a lot. All right. Okay. It's 19 before one at WI and Z. We continue the winds wake. Hmm. Go. I just can't believe that this is beyond my comprehension that this is even going on. I know. Never expected it. Can't believe the penalty you pay for success. Just came out of the blue because it's not important in life that you succeed. But that you're employees fail. Or something like that. Because that famous Chinese philosopher, some dumb guy. That was a great line. I don't want to put that in the voice. That'll be in the next ad. You know, some dumb guy. Another anti-gentile remark. Yeah. It's just a joke. They got a sense of humor. Don't they? That art's bishop. What a sense of humor he's got. That's why they walk around with a dress on. OK. 18-till one at Wynn stand made you coming along at two. Hmm. I'm just all choked up from a seat from the calls of the cheesecake. Well, I can't believe either. I'm getting older of the breaks. You're going to be sure. We just keep coming back here like crazy. It's 1245 at WI and Z. We have somebody at the Hollywood PO. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I was wet tire at post office. It's why? I thought I would branch. Oh, sorry about that. Uh, the main office is kind of crazy. We're out here in a branch. I got your bumper sticker today. Good. Hey, hey, did you guys ever think about high windows planes that fly around with that, uh, banging on the back of it? Well, on the folks here, you know, they can sort of like cover around them when he's saying mast on its tropical park. Yeah, not a bad idea. You know, where do I go? Another one that David Peel has that Pope's most dope. I can't say that anymore in the air. I don't know. We're going to have to figure that out tomorrow. Yeah. We got to, you know, tomorrow we're going to have to really get into the intricacies of what you can say hello or goodbye or bonus deas, you know what it's going to be. You know what you're trying to tell them? You know, your show is low. It's been much like the original Saturday night and the live. When it first came out, you know, I mean, a real, uh, uh, pioneer in this field down here. So don't, you know, don't that? You know, Saturday night live is a controversial when it first came out. But look at it today. It's established. And your show's a lot like that. Yeah. Pioneer stuff for it. You're on the, uh, the threshold of a new beginning in the night live. I think we've already crossed the threshold, but now, uh, you know, it's time for a divorce. Absolutely. There's some place out. They don't want you to be here. Hopefully somebody will let you do your thing. Well, like I said, all you got to do is write me a check and, uh, you know, write a little letter and say, let's go our separate ways and I'm all set. It's fine with me. Yeah. How do you get you guys that we think of had a Sonic? We just like, do you want to talk to you? You know, I mean, he is the back of Vatican, uh, gossip column. They say, you would be appropriate. Something to think about. Something to think about. Or we're putting one of those bumper stickers on the back of the Pope, Mobile. I mean, he might get beatle, Sam. Yeah. There you go. You never know. Okay. All right. Take it easy. Have a great day. Right. Unbelievable. Some of the stuff in the mail, I mean, it's just so good. Let's go to a homestead. Hello. Yeah. I was forward when I heard you got the Paul Boomer and Lord Wendysmeer record. Yeah. It's got a right here. I first got that in 1960 and all places of Memphis, Tennessee at WREC, which is a CBS affiliate up there. Uh-huh. Plus, I was going to sing a copy of it. I've got it stored up there. I'm with some other things. But I've got copies of Jonathan Wenders doing some very interesting things, which you can't get on record. Yeah. I've got that too. I've got that too. Yeah. Oh, that's one of my favorites. Yeah. Don't stay away too long. Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. I do have the Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin. Yeah. You got that. You got all that stuff. I've got one of Casey Casey. I've got a great tape that I could never play on the air, but it's a classic. Right. Well, there's nothing made sending all that stuff in. No, I appreciate it, but I've heard it all. I only wish we could play it on the air. I guess now is not a good time to be playing that on the air, right? No, wouldn't think so. No. But I'm glad to hear you playing on staying in the market. I first started listening to you. Yeah, well, I'm not going to let anybody turn my life upside down. That's one of the things I've seen done the friends of mine in the business. And, you know, one of my big complaints about this business in general is that the talent are treated like animals, like they're not even human beings at all. Like they have no lives and no, any no feelings, no ties, no nothing. And I'm not going to ever put myself in that position where they're going to just turn my whole life upside down for their own benefit because they're too stupid to understand what they've got. Yeah, they really are. Because you're the most entertaining thing in Miami. Well, that's the problem. Are ridiculous. Yeah, they don't want to be entertaining. Exactly. You know, mine is very placed and I want to keep it that way. It seems that way. Yeah. But stick to it. Don't give up. Okay, thanks a lot. Next, Colorado Mobile phone again. Hello. Hello, deal. Yes. I was out of town a couple of days and I've been listening to you since I've been back again. And what's going on for tomorrow that you're seeing? They're going to come down and make some kind of disillusion or what? Well, Gilbert's is going to be here in town. He's one of the corporate head and the end of the halls. And he's going to be here. We're going to have a meeting. I guess after I get off the year or before, whatever. And you know, we're going to decide what we all want to do. And if he wants to let me do my thing and leave me the hell alone, that's fine. We'll continue doing our thing and life will go on. And if he doesn't, then, you know, they can write me a check and we'll come to some kind of a settlement and, though, tear up my contracts, they could buy. What would even bring them down here with these kind of rating? I mean, why would he come down? Some idiot write up a letter and say, hey, he does the bad guy in the radio. Well, he was already on his way. He's coming here for another purpose. But obviously, there is a crisis that he has precipitated by his behavior. By responding to, you know, a handful of people, the road letters are made phone calls up there. You know, it's an organized movement by people like this. Jack Thompson and Dr. Hefford and some of the, you know, Catholic fanatics and other, rup nuts who want to get me off the air and, you know, this is a reaction to it. If you got a moment, would you be kind enough to give me that Portland number I didn't get it today? Yeah, it's area code 207. 797. 9330. Well, Gilbert's and should still be there. I'm sure he's not. No, now he's in Oklahoma City. Oh, oh, oh. Well, where should I call you to voice my opinion? Well, you're, I guess you can call that number. I mean, you know, obviously there are people at the corporate headquarters. I don't really think it makes any difference. How many calls he gets? Because they had hundreds if not thousands of calls on a Friday and probably got a lot more today. But I don't think that makes any difference. I mean, you're dealing here with a mentality that, you know, because obviously, if they cared about what the audience wanted in the first place, this wouldn't have been started at all. Because the, you know, the rating show that we got this enormous audience. And that obviously there's a sizable number of people out there who enjoy what we're doing. So, you know, if that were the criterion, then, you know, wouldn't make any difference. That's ridiculous. It's just totally ridiculous. Well, I know it's ridiculous. And I agree with you. And it's unfortunate for me to even have to come in here and go on the year onto these circumstances. Like doing a show under a dark cloud and wondering, you know, what it is that I'm going to say that's going to get somebody upset and what we can do in a course. They haven't laid out policy. Our local management laid out company policy. We discussed it less than two weeks ago. We've made it even more ironic is that we've got too many chiefs and not enough Indians and too many people making corporate decisions here. Well, that's true and most of the big things. Yeah. Do I appreciate your time? Thanks for calling. I appreciate it. For Waterdale. Hi. Hi. I've got a little complaint here. I have listened to your radio station and you, in particular, all summer and tomorrow, I have to go back to work. So, I won't get to listen to you anymore. But I listened to you for the entertainment. But I got educated. That man I wrote to you about two weeks ago from Bahamas, it says you had nothing educational. Oh, yeah. I went to my local ploro store, which is no longer running out because they're not supposed to. There was a post or a just strike or now I'm educated. I know. Hi. Well, that's a good education in itself. There's no question about that. Yeah, but don't you ruin my whole plan. I wasn't going to have any education this summer. Yeah. Well, a little bit of education. You know, that's what it's all about. Okay. Well, thank you anyway. I'll miss you. Okay. Good luck. Bye. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. New. This is Tim Jürt. I am getting ready to go back to school. Back to college. I've been listening to you this whole summer. And you know, when I got back down here, I guess where I'm going. Nashville, Tennessee. Oh, boy. Well, good luck to you. Yeah. I'm going to be fine. That was a tell you real quick. I kind of know what you're going through because my first year of school. I went to Liberty Badd this college. Jerry's all of school. Yeah. Then you know the mentality. Yeah. Well, I went and I was studying broadcasting there for a year. And we had a little radio station on the campus. And I got kicked off because I played Christian music that had a B to it. Oh, shame on you. Yeah. It was really ridiculous. But, um, I'm still, you know, I'm still Christian and everything. But, uh, you know, I really like your show. And it's good to see, you know, you haven't opened mind and everything. I've really enjoyed it this summer. And I guess, uh, hopefully you'll be around a Christmas and I'll be home then and I'll listen then. Have you ever, have you ever spent any time in Nashville? Yeah. I spent all last year there. Oh, you were there one previous year, boy. And you, you didn't mind it? Well, um, it was all right. I mean, it's nothing like Miami. Yeah. Yeah. What were you there? Uh, I was there for two long months in 1901 month. No one month in 1980 in a fall of 80. Okay. And boy, it was a long month that seemed like 10 years. Why? Just the people are so, um, Oh, they're so clean. As you know, with a K and they're so bigoted and so, um, bizarre and they all look like they came out of a cave. The people are don't even look the same as people in civilization. Oh, I know. That's true. They're really bigoted. And I'm going to educate it up there. Like when you go to Crogar, you know, the women have those little wispy Beards and a corn cob pipes and they look like a blanket and drag or something. You know, it's strange. Yeah. Yeah. I guess you get used to it. Yeah. I got used to it after a while, but I miss the beach, you know, and I miss all, you know, there's nothing like that for the course. But, um, you know, I'm getting educated up there. Got only knows what I'll be like when I get out of it. Well, I guess. Well, just as long as you don't grow a beard, you'll be okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, good luck to you. And we'll be around somewhere. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye bye. Okay. For Lauderdale. Hello. Deal? Yeah. I enjoy yourselves. Thank you. Listen, I haven't listened to that just so like about a week. I heard you get a lot of pressure about changing yourself. Yeah. We're just down from the stationers from the FCC. Now, none of it has anything to do with the FCC. We don't have any FCC problems. And that's what makes it even more ludicrous. But the corporate management is starting to tinkle all over themselves and have a nervous breakdown. How's that so far campaign going? Well, you know, we sent all the petitions off and we have people in Washington working on it. And, you know, we'll see what the FCC responses. So I think that they've had so much flag. You know, the best, the weekend from the members of Congress is that they're just, they're not doing anything. They're not going after anybody and that they're really showing away from using that ruling because they realize that they've stepped on dangerous territory. So I think they've gotten some intimidation from it. Oh, okay. We'll have a good day. Thank you. North-aid. Hello. Hello, Neil. I'm calling. Okay. A monitor over your door then. Usually, you can listen to your radio station all parents are home. Well, they are home. Oh, when they're not home. When they're not home, you sneak on the radio. Yeah. And then I come to, you know. Do they know about it? Yeah. Sometimes they walk in and they say, oh, who you call it, then I just say the radio station. Uh-huh. You don't tell them which one though. Well, I was going to call you about all these organizations, right? I mean, I don't mind them, but one time I went to an elementary room. And I went inside and it's dark. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen. I did talk all about Haitians with you. Okay. We don't discuss Haitians on this show. Oh, boy. Where are mommy and daddy when we needed them, right? Okay. We have an open line in day. 624-9400. I don't know. It's going to take me a week just to get through the mail from today. And there's something else, I guess. I should say because a caller earlier made a very good point about Bill Colter and there are others. But, you know, people who un-serimoniously like kind of disappear from the air in the middle of the night. And then nobody knows what happens to them and stations. I have a tendency to be a little tight-lipped about giving out any information. So, because I have a lot of friends out there and there are a lot of people in the business who listen to this show. If by any bizarre circumstance, whether it's today or a week from a circus or whatever. But, if for any reason I should not appear on the station again on any day, I think contact Tom Jika at the Miami News or Linda Thornton at the Harald and leave a telephone. I'm not talking about listeners. I'm just talking about people in the industry or people who have a personal need to get in touch with me. And I can get in touch with them that way. I just just mentioned that. I'm not saying there's anything imminent, but it's just something I want to go on record with. Because there are an awful lot of people who really get screwed badly. And this business and they just disappear in the middle of the day. So, the end of it. Do you think that I'm going to put that idiot on the air, Jack Thompson? He thinks he's going to go on the air. What was that? He hung it up? Hey Neil. Hey Neil. How you doing, babe? Enjoying your job? Okay, see, if there's not anybody that would listen. I mean, here's an attorney. His name is John V. Thompson. He's going to come on for a couple of seconds. And this guy is a mental case, a mental case who is in the process of harassing. He's an attorney in Carl Gables, harassing this, not just this program, the entire station. And the people in Portland are such an endophels. Anybody that would pay attention to a guy like this has got a serious problem and they deserve each other. Michael Fussier with a headline, CBS has the news at 1.00. Welcome back at 106. And now it comes, the low, close. Below the waist. Somebody's going to be clipping from this. This is from the West Kendall Gazette, I think. Mm-hmm. From my good friend, Ed Cohen. Come on. Bigotree pollutes the airwaves. In perspective, by Edward Cohen, I'm not going to read the first part. Although, I, it just incredible. Some of the things he says in here, for example, he talks about Ocey and tower being cut down. And he says, I'm not suggesting that sabotaging towers is the best way to get rid of these radio stations, but is there a better suggestion? Oh. Isn't that a brilliant line? I think that maybe Ed's brain is going soft. Luckily, no one reads that. Basically, now you see what I've said about this market about people who allegedly, it's what I say to market about the area, people who are allegedly your friend, who couldn't give a damn at all. And when they can use you and manipulate you, then they're your quote unquote friend. Oh yeah. And Ed Cohen was a guest on my show for what 10 years. Covered a lot of elections together on election night. A good friend, I thought. We've seen this over and over. Yeah. And I'll listen to this toward the end of the article. Those of you who are interested in the Pope bashing that is coming over the air from at least two talk posts will probably be surprised to learn that in at least one case it was an issue the last time the Pope visited the United States. And then he quotes the Miami news and he had a total when they defended my right to be on the air, etc. and so on. Well here we are again. The Pope is coming to our town and Rogers is added again on different station. Only this time, instead of the serious issue oriented criticism of the pontiff, one gets mostly vulgar tasteless recordings of dubious social value that demean Rogers and my thinking even more than the Pope. It is an extension of the new format Rogers has chosen elementary school sexual and ex-critory in you and to end jokes, presumably in defiance of the FCC. Having spent many years as Rogers guessed political analyst, I can only say with regret that it's not the bleet that bothers me it's these stupidity. And of quote from my good friend Ed Cohen. So you see now that I will know he's aware that obviously he'll never be on my show again because I don't do that kind of show anymore. It's nothing personal. We don't do those boring kinds of shows where we bring Ed, this sit in here and you know I've got the greatest we are ahead the greatest respect for him up until I read this article. I was thinking about him just the other day. Because of the fact that he's a real one of the last liberals and fighters for causes and obviously he's not liberal at all. You know what it is just jumping right on the bad wagon to twist what we do on this show and doesn't have a sense of humor either. There's nothing vulgar about the Vatican rag and there's nothing vulgar about the Pope smokes dope. And there are all different kinds of ways of making the same point. And nobody did a better job of satirizing the problems of the 60s and in fact all the Tom Lair stuff that we got in a rack here still is appropriate 25 years later. And he did it with comedy in satire. You don't have to sit and bore people to death and talk in monotone for our after hour and talk about things that people don't care about and beat him over the head because nobody's going to call and talk with you about it. That's not what it's all about. And now I'm stupid. Because I'm not going to continue doing what doesn't work. It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. Incredible. And I guess that maybe this market just I mean the audience is obviously because they respond to it. And I think that's the only thing that's going to be the market place just isn't ready to handle the idea that when you give people what they want and you evolve you know life is an evolutionary process and so is broadcasting and so is entertainment and so is everything we do. It changes because people's tastes change and people's attitudes change and people's needs change. And all this crap about bigotry and all this other garbage. For this guy to fall into the same crap. Incredible. You know he's turning to another art title bomb I guess you know let's blame the talk coach the bigots and so on you know unbelievable. Because the truth hurts people don't want to hear the truth. Maybe that's it. Yeah know that is it. And this is like the crowning blow coming from this man. But of course it shouldn't be any different you know Howard Kleinberg's busy taking shots now. Another good friend. And of course you know Howard I guess would excuse it by saying that I'd be trade him by. Be trying a confidence about his position on casino gambling well how many years can you keep a confidence. When a man who's the editor of a major newspaper in a city refuses to have the courage to tell a people what his position really is. But it's just astonishing to me boy all you got to do is become very successful and have an audience of living and breathing people. Who enjoy what you're doing and right away you're a bad guy. I mean this is just this is blasphemy. Oh I know I mean he's in title was opinion. But if Ed Cohen thinks that I would ever go back to the days when I would bring him on their show and have people calling by the jillian. They're like oh it's terminal it's boring and he would sit here trying to get everybody excited about 400 bills that were you know being discussed in telehassy. They don't care. They don't care about it and that and I'm not commenting on whether that's right or that's wrong. I think it's sad that they don't care but I can't change that. And this is a business that's the sad part of it so you see no matter what you do you can't win. If you do this kind of stuff and everybody's into a coma. And you have nothing but 90-year-old people listening then they say oh she you know talk shows nobody listen to that except a bunch of people in cemetery village. Nobody listens to that who makes any difference. Then if you go ahead and you do something that does get a large audience and you get living and breathing people listening to a M radio again. Then all of a sudden well it's too controversial and the corporate are having an nervous breakdown and everybody you know just you can't win in this market. Because this is an immature bush league town that doesn't want to grow up. Now here's a guy like Howard Stern. Okay and this show pales into its significance on our wildest days we never come close to Howard on his tamest days. Okay in terms of the language the humor the sexual in you window anything. Because contrary to what Ricky Tickie or anybody else would say this is not shock radio. And here's a guy like that in New York and when the FCC back in April gave the ruling out the admitted that there were a totaled like 69 letters in the file against Howard Stern. And only a handful of them came from New York. Most of them came from Philadelphia again from a group of hysterical Catholics. But and also some of them came from that Donald Wildman who's in Tupel, Mississippi who's never even heard Howard Stern. And also well one was from a typical some a letter that somebody sent the typical gore that she sent to the FCC and she's over there in Memphis or Nashville somewhere in Tennessee. And in a city of 1015 million people there's nobody organizing to get Howard Stern off the year. They love them. And those people who don't love them don't listen to them they got a million other stations just like they do in this market. But now that's a revolutionary idea. You mean if they don't like them they don't listen to them? Well I realize it's very difficult. There's a lot of people here have mental palsy and they can't turn the dial like Irving, Sheckman and North Bay village. Irving. And like Edward Cohen down there in Kendall who thinks that I had a continued doing what he thinks is exciting and interesting by putting the audience into a deep sleep. That's exciting radio eddy. And maybe this market the whole market is just what 99% of what you hear on the air is it just long. And maybe that's you know what the marketplace can bear here. And how many days did I tell you Howard Stern would last if you were on your here? 10 tops? Two. Of course it's a mood point because nobody here would put him on here in the first place. No. They know better. No it's not that they know better. It's just that they don't have the balls to do it. That's all. Because the FCC wouldn't rule on him any differently in Miami then they do in New Yorker Philadelphia. Oh, they're all major allegedly major metropolitan areas. Alleged. Well we thought this was a world-class city. Yeah we thought. Where the people can't make their own decisions is to what they're going to listen to. They have to sit there like a dog bang at the moon screaming so that the moon is going to go away. And this is intolerable really is unbelievable. If Ed Cohen doesn't like what I'm doing on the air here now. He knows me personally. He knows I'm not a bigot. And he knows that I've bashed every religion under the sun equally. I don't pick out any particular one. Now the fact the Pope is coming and happens to be a Catholic that's his problem. But to me, organized religion and I've said it for years is garbage and that's my feeding about it. And I have nothing but contempt for these shiisters and hoxsters who rip off the public. And he knows that and I've always said that and for 12 minutes isn't it interesting by the way. We don't do those shows anymore because how many times can you make the same point? I've said all that has to be said. You said that for years at night. Yeah, and nobody got hysterical. Well they got hysterical but the police didn't get hysterical. Not like this. And I wasn't a bigot. Yeah, that word. But now all of a sudden I'm a bigot and of course they love to seize upon that. You know, there are a whole bunch of people now. Bigot tree. This bigot, what bigot tree? Yeah. Because I think the Pope is a jackass. I'm entitled that opinion. And because I think he never met a Nazi, he didn't love. I'm entitled that opinion. And I'm going to express that opinion and if it's not on this radio station, it'll be on another one. It's just as simple as that. It's not complicated. I'm not going to miss any meals. That's why I've stored up all of this. You bet like a bear, you know, when he goes and hibernates in the world. He has to store a little excess in case there may be a couple of lean days. Case hunting, it's bad. Like in Windixie. And all of that humor that we've done. You know, I love this line. Elementary school sexual and excritory in you window and jokes. Excritory in you window. What is this man talking about? No, I do. And the use of the word bigotry. I mean, here's a guy who turns out and it is, you know, he's been around a few years. Who turns out to be another one of the old farts. So if there's anybody else out there right to column like in the homestead journal or the in the range express. Or the OGIS daily or whatever, you know, any of these other great American publications please, you know, get it out of your system. I mean, it's like obligatory now that everybody's got to take some shot. No, which is fine. Okay, I take a lot of shots too, but I mean, when it's when it's done by somebody who's allegedly a good friend. And I give this man more airtime than Carter's got pills to promote all of his causes and anything and everything that he wanted. And now he turns. He turns. And this is the same guy, by the way, a few months ago back in April when the FCC thing was going on a road of column. Applauding. My camera. So far and so. Yeah. But he's like he's like a lugner over channel seven. Mark Lundry can't make up his mind. Notice, what do what happened? Yeah. Well, you know, he's jumping on a bandwagon because it's now very popular. Notice in the print media, especially to go on the attack. Oh, it's disgusting. And it's vulgar. What, what are they talking about? Can they be specific? Of course not. Of course not. Is there anybody out there who writes these things who's ever gone into wind dixie and looked at one of the cashiers at the checkout line? It's a joke. This is real life. This is what people think about. These are real life experiences with humor. That's all. That's all we talk about. 1987. This is what the real world is all about. 87. We're not advocating that anybody go out and rape anybody or attack minors or that the little kids go out and, you know, make babies. You know, any of the things that are twisted and distorted and perverted and turned upside down by people who want only ultimately to silence what they don't like. And that's incredible to me. I turn that cable man, you know, channel after channel. I see all kinds of things that I can't believe are there that are, to me, I wouldn't watch him if you paid me. And I just keep punching the button. I don't sit there in call American cables. I want that off. I want Jimmy swaggered off. I want Jan and Paul off my screen. I want body by solo flex. Well, I don't want that off my screen. I want that on the screen. John is here to see Glenn. You have his tickets. No. Well, why is he coming back now? Cart. Two carts. Two carts. What is that all about? I got to go see what's going on out. Something they're having hysterics up. No, no wait a minute. There's no need for anybody to have hysterics. If anybody has something that they want to drop off. That's another thing that's gone on here lately. This is like a circus. You're going to hear, you notice? It's like a zoo. I can't they just relax if somebody wants to leave some stuff. Fine. The lead of the desk will take care of it. We have other things going on. I know that's a surprise to some people. We do have some other things going on. Not really important. You know, like whether we come to work tomorrow or, you know, little things like that. Boy, and are having kittens out there. That's the new thing in this company. Everybody's having babies. Even the guys are having babies now. Wait a little Jack, here's about this. Yeah. Oh, did you hear he called in? Oh, yeah. Oh, I hear from him. Yeah, not now. Again, the reason I put him on and I'm delighted his performance couldn't have been better because I had 30 seconds to fill till the news. And he put him on and, you know, this child, I mean, here's a man who really need some serious help in my opinion. And you saw the, I still have this, we'll page here with the, you know, like the crayons, like a little child. Says a lot that page says exactly exactly from an adult. From an attorney know less. Yeah. Okay. And the fact that anybody in this company is responding to people like this, some of the long and mental institutions, it couldn't be clear. Oh, yeah, that, that, right there and the call. Yeah. And we're together and what have you got, but a, like a little, like about a five year old child. And they're responding to this. Yeah. That's, that's what's incredible. And what about all the positive calls? No, we just, well, I, just the people who sent me copies of the mail. I've got a whole waste basket full, you know, I'm not going to save it. Because obviously the originals went to where they should have, but, dozens and dozens and of course, they're still all this, what is all that mail? Yeah. Who knows? Yeah. No, telling you always find things in the Pope mail. Unbelievable. I see, that's what it's all about. Who's always have to hear from him. It's great. And you know, if Ed Cohen thinks the show is garbage, if it's stupid, fine, Eddie, don't listen to it. Listen to the WLRN. Sit there, you know, life has got to be more than just being obsessed with, and that's what bugs me about. Some people are one dimensional, like John Brower, to God, can't have an L.E. of a JNO. You know, and it's kind of interesting. The reasons for it, too, by the way, which is nothing new to me. But why did he get canned here? Not because of me. But because he had two topics or three topics, communist and the Karatwah, the Soviet propaganda in every day. He's a little bit of an obsesht, one dimensional. Yeah. And there's nothing to me more boring and more pathetic than one dimensional people. And if you can't have a good laugh boy in the kind of world that we live in today, and especially under the, you know, like I said the other day, when you work for other people, your life isn't worth a dime. It's not worth a dime, because your entire existence is hanging at their whim, and if they get up on a wrong side of bed one day, or they get a complaint and they decide that you're a bad guy, or whatever it is, bingo, you're out on the street, your life, you could be, you know, you could be one of the street people. And that's one of the reasons that this business is so bad. You work for some real bad people and so about. Sure. Who don't have any kind of human feeling for the people of work for them, like we're just all cattle. And who have no interest in the fact that, you know, you're a person, you're a human being with needs and with the feelings and with emotions and with bills to pay. And whatever else with the life that you've got to plan and with obligations, and all these other things that every human being has got, every adult. And they couldn't give a damn lesson about that, just like what happened at IOD and the way they just mercilessly screwed over a bunch of people. And WS and evidently, who knows, maybe now the same thing's going to happen here? Who knows? Exactly. The only difference being that some of us are not going to be out on the street. True. Just say the least. To say the least. Okay, 24 past one at WI and Z, let's all crack the money into that. They're everywhere, the cacklers. Maybe it's like a new illness that we don't know about. 29 past one at WI and Z and the stand majors in the building, so everything's all set for another four hours. For all square away, no problems. Keep it very clean. I'm going to talk about Haitians today. Jamaicans and Bahamians. It's that bigotry polluting the airways. That's what all that cheesecake and that great from cheesecake, etc. Good. Good. And the you know who over here is. I think there was one whole box that disappeared on the aisle. You ate really well. The night long. Wow. Stainy ate more than I'd wrong. Have one of these. Yeah, he had about six or seven of those. I had one of those. A whole table was covered with them. There was one that was like, We gave him to our mouth. He was a straw. Yeah, right. Charlotte and John. Just only one thing that you'd like to give to the volunteers. Hollywood. Hello. Yes. That's you. Oh, finally. I have a question I'd like to ask you. Yes. This jerk Thompson. I mean Jack Thompson. I think you had to write the first time. Who exactly is he? He's just a chronic pain in the neck out there in a turning and coral. And the what? Pain in the neck. I would put a little lower. Okay. Pain in the back. Pain in the rump. Pain in the ass would be more like it. Like I said, a pain in the ass. You know, I'm 72 years old. Well, so am I. I was 44 when I came to work today, but not to the. I think those records are hilarious. Well, almost everybody does. You know, but Jack doesn't. So therefore we can't play him. This jackass is going to presume to say, What I should listen to and what I should not listen to. Yeah. He and Dr. Huffen Moth are going to be the senses for American. They're going to decide what we can do and what we can't do. And what we have to say to live up to our first amendment obligations. Well, you know, I think they're both for the need of. In a month. A straight jacket. Yeah. No, an animal. Well, maybe put him in a straight jacket for an animal. Good. I'm going to be that easy. Next, I'll be a coffee and I'm going to be in a green dog. What I'm listening to in my house. Right. Well, they're monitoring you, man. I wish he would. I wish he would. Yeah. I keep a loaded 38. Good. Well, we'll send him right over. I wish you would. Okay. Well, I hope everything turns out alright for you. Well, I'll have to never die. And I think you're great. I'll be around. Thanks. Okay. I'll be somewhere. Mm-hmm. No doubt. Yeah. I have no doubts. Well, I have no doubts whatsoever. Mm-hmm. My amy. Hello. Me? Yes. Hi. Don't get so upset. No, I'm not upset. I'm very calm. I know. No problem at all doing. You know, I show under these circumstances. It's great. I know. But, you know, I've been saying ever since this started, that it was the Miami-Herald and the Catholic Church that was behind us. Well, and you sure got too good components of it. No question about that. There was a gentleman that called earlier. I was in the car running errands. And I heard him saying that he had called for us. Yeah. And that they appealed him that the archdiocese was back up at it. And it just made me believe it what I said. Yeah. But the archdiocese can't handle the truth. That's what really bugs them. You know, especially now that there are so many things coming out that the prove that what I've said for years is true, and they can't handle that. So they want to be able to keep conning all the people out there and pretending that they're holier than the honey. You know, they do anything in their power to get me off the air. I know. And, you know, I've been thinking about this situation for a few days. And to me, it is the equivalent of the PPL, the way that this county and the state and the government is spending money for one man for a few days visit. Yeah. When we have people that are hungry. Yeah. People are starving to that every day. I would hear their millions of dollars being spent so this guy can parade around and go on a PR tour. You know, that's terrific. Right. And I was just downtown last week. And I was part of the Library Street near the cultural center. And I was shocked at what I saw. There was people walking around with no shoes. Just hungry. They looked like they could win with blows in the way. I saw one woman down there that evidently was a lot sold. And she had on a pair of mint shoes that was at least six sizes to bake for her. And we had people like this. And I remember when the Camelisat, how bad for her. Yeah. And they said they didn't have any money in the budget. And I remember when we raised about 20 grand for the Camelisat's and a Salvation Army on this program. I don't recall ever getting a letter from the Archdiocese. I did get nice letters from Brother Paul the Camelisat's and the other organization. But I don't recall ever getting a letter from Archbishop McCarthy thanking us for the, you know, our efforts on their behalf and for all the publicity that Mike Spendell and I gave to them. I don't recall that. I must have missed the letter. That's absolutely true. Yeah. And I don't recall any article in the voice either, or a commanding us for our efforts on the behalf of the needy. No, that's true. You only, you only time you ever get anything written about you in the voice is when, you know, you're told of truth that they can't handle. And they want to make you out to be a bigot. Right. That, you know, when we have situations like this. And they have all this money disappear all of a sudden. And all the peace when I just heard on television last night, they're going to have, please, every 50 feet. And McCarthy's house when the Pope stays there. Terrific. How is it that wonderful? Well, maybe they ought to have Jack there to monitor what's going on inside. I, well, you know, I think you and I should go down in front of his office. And I recorded, you know, the I-95 song. And we could play it over the loudspeaker. I have the, you know, plugs into a cigarette lighter in my car. And it goes about, oh, about six blocks. You know, I just discovered something. I'm looking at the letterhead of this letter that he brought in for me this morning. This Jack Thompson. And the first three digits of his phonics change of his office are 666. Oh, boy. I don't want to draw any conclusions, but what does that tell you? I want eight, probably. You know, that'll hard time getting that number. Yeah. Uh, another thing I dropped off the paper this morning on some programs that was on television. And I want to- Oh, yeah. Thank you. I've got to write here. I want you to please, please, please. Look at that tape. Okay. Now, you think as we forgot to rewind it, but there was a program on television, Saturday, and we just saw part of it, so we picked it up again, Sunday. And you're mentioned there. And there's a couple of other things. I think you'd be very interested in the inside. You're a terrorist, you know, go around knocking down towers. Oh, yeah. And I spurred time, yeah. Right. Well, I got some power tools. I don't know what to do with them, so I figured I might as well get some exercise. You know, I just want you to. Sure. And you know, as Ed Cohen says, let me quote him again. He says, I'm not suggesting that sabotaging towers is the best way to get rid of these radio stations, but is there a better suggestion? Oh, what a brilliant comment, man. It just takes a genius to write something like that. That man died a long time ago, and he didn't know it. Like a lot of people in this town. I'm a man is a criminal board. I don't know what happened to him. You know, here's a guy who was such a good friend. And as soon as the day came that I wasn't going to bore the audience with his BS anymore. All of a sudden, I'm a bigot. Right. Well, let me tell you when he came on your program a lot of people turned it off. Oh, trust me. He's boring. But anyway, I wish you all the best of luck. And I hope everything works out fine, you know. Okay. Thanks a lot. Good day. Okay. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes. Uh, a strange thing happened to me this morning. I called up information in the phone company. Yeah. And I got, uh, I asked for Mr. John B. Thompson's number in Carl Gables. Mm-hmm. And Jack answered it. And I, I told him, I go, look, we're monitoring you. And he goes, oh, yeah. He goes, well, come on down here. The demand is apparent. I have to get to know. Oh, he's the man is not even on a fruit cake. I mean, you know, question number. I could tell you. And that's not, that's not an inflammatory statement or an attack. No, I know. It's clear why he's behaving. Everybody. Uh, you know, implement its public knowledge. Yeah. And they can find out just by calling, you know, Mr. John B. Thompson. Yeah, he needs some serious help to describe it. I don't know what his story is, but he needs some serious help. Is he getting hit in the head with a stun gun, I don't know. I think that's what happened. You know, um, oh, another thing. Well, I'll be there on Sunday at noon at the rally. And we're going to have one. Oh, what time is Mr. Gilbert going to be there tomorrow? I have no idea. Will it be there doing your show or something? You know, because, you know, we could have, I mean, there are a lot of layabouts that, you know, we can just show up anyway. Oh, no. I don't, that would, you see, I appreciate your support and everybody in the audience. But what you don't understand is you're dealing with a mentality that you probably never even encountered before. I mean, I thought it in the army. Don't well, okay, don't confuse this man with the facts or with the ratings or with the audience or with with with reality. I mean, you know, in his own mind and in this company's mind, they've convinced themselves of what their images that they want to be and that there are half of us and, um, misfits out there who are upset and that's all they need to trigger them off into a, you know, hysterical, whatever it is that they're doing to justify their own paranoia. I would, I go, I've got a Bob last at a side there. Yeah, exactly. Okay. Well, just, just keep it up and we all love you and we're all going, I'm going to be there Sunday at noon. Sunday at noon. Okay. Okay. Thank you. All right. Be chill. Yes, I'm a family at the INC once family. I'm family. I'll ever, I'm willing to start with a thousand dollar donation for all listeners who is right to hear what we want to hear. We must stop them. Let's get a good lawyer and our freedom of listening and censorship must be stopped. We have to name the hell, my car, I think, Thompson, be it. Not stopping Hollywood, their ministers, the sun that is alloyed, come on people, let's get going. Let's get out the fence funds for our right to hear what we want to listen to. Okay. Thank you. My name is Hello. Hello. Yes. You're reading from my paper just a little while ago. What paper was that? Where are you reading from? You mean a West Kindle Gazette? Yes. That's your paper? That's my paper. Well, congratulations, Dearser. Yes, and I just want you to know that I disagree totally with what Ed Cohen had to say in that publication. Okay. I'm not attacking the West Kindle Gazette because it's not one of the, as you know, one of the great publications in America. But at the same time, Ed has written positive things in the past, which he's entitled to. And he's also entitled to write this. It just come the fact that he and I allegedly were personal friends for many years. I mean, we didn't go out to dinner together, anything like that, but certainly from a professional standpoint. And I think even beyond that, I thought we were good friends. And now he turns around with it. Well, not even contacting me or anything. And he's his upon the, you know, timeliness, since everybody else is on a bandwagon of labeling this program as something that it is not. And he knows better. He knows better. My point is, you know, it would be just as wrong for me because I disagree with what he wrote this week to not put it in the paper. Oh, I agree with you. I'm not saying that it shouldn't have been there. I'm just reacting to what he wrote. And that yo yo next to you, you know, who says nobody reads the paper. You know, we happened to think we put out a pretty good newspaper and pretty informative newspaper and not just a, a rag that is, uh, Is that what he said? Bro, I'm a helicopter put on a news stand. Did he call it a rag? Oh, he didn't call it a rag. Okay. I didn't think he said that. Oh, he didn't. Anyway, the dolphins gonna win tonight. I sure hope so. Yeah. Need to. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Everybody's getting very emotional now. You notice that? Very emotional. Oh. Oh. Told you that big Bob Blanceter sigh. Next caller is on a mobile phone. Hello. Hello. On the app. Okay. That's good. Listen, you know, when I started listening to you, it was because of the kind of humor and your kind of, Of humor that you brought to the airways. And the more I listened, the more I liked it, I liked everything that you did. You know, I mean, I think it's time that you should get some more tingle calls because it's the true. That's why we listened and the rating showed it. And when Lee's ball is settled, it was his first book. Well, let's see what happens next time. And when Alice said, I'm never gonna leave a morning hour. This is my time slot. Well, what happened all of a sudden? Everyone's gone. You're still here. And now they're going to wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm still here today. Yeah. I mean, that's what I mean today. And they want to pull the reins in on you. And that's not why I listened. And I hope they're listening so they can hear me. Yeah. Well, I want to say something to you. And I really mean this as sincerely as anything I have ever said. And again, I'm getting it second ahead. But I have no reason to doubt the true fullness of the caller. The one that called about two hours ago, I'm going to talk about it later to 12, who talked about his 45-minute conversation with Bob Gilbertson up in Portland on Friday. And if Bob Gilbertson has taken the liberty of discussing any kind of contractual situation about tearing up the cut, releasing me from my contract. I think along those lines, to me, that is the most unethical and the lowest kind of skullduggery I can imagine. That's not the kind of thing that you discuss with people who are calling to express to point of view. I mean, people are entitled to call and say, hey, get them off the air or we love them or in between whatever they want. That's fine. And he can respond, you know, within reason. But to be discussing those things with callers to me indicates that there's something here that's just absolutely intolerable. Well, if that was me and they did that to me, I wouldn't stand for it. I simply wouldn't stand for it. If that's all that they think about you, you know, I mean, it's disgusting. It just makes my stomach sick. And I'm serious. Because you started this and now everybody else is trying to do something. Alice talks about fantasy shows and stuff I heard on that line there. You can do, do they talk about that? A little potatoes over there talks about his fantasies and everybody has sexual in UNDOS. So what? So what? It's just, you know, it's a shame to say, I mean, though, I almost wish you could to out your contract and let's go and pick you up. Will you deserve it? This pray is in Miami. Okay. Thank you, Amy. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. I've been waiting such a long time, but it's wasted. Okay. Well, honey, I've been listening to your few years. Two numbers to mention. And I must say that you're so knowledgeable, so informative. But I wouldn't say in guilt for any other story of station. In fact, I've been late to message appointments because I've ready to last minute to your finished to shut off the radio. So I hope you'll continue. That's what I'm looking forward to. But I wanted just one thing darling, and I hope the gentleman that committee, I think his name is Glenn, that he won't mind not to jiggle when you're talking or when a call comes in because that's a little noise of the racking. Okay. But I'll try to let everything is 100%. And I'm looking forward to listening to you again and again. Okay. Thank you. Good luck, Tiani. Okay. Bye, bye. 145 in WI and Zilotek are last break. We do have another one now, right? Okay. Just checking and we'll come right back. Okay. And I just took condense. What you just told me, the attorney who has been harassing this program and her, you know, he talks about exercising his rights. There are no constitutional rights to harass him. He's been doing it on the phone and he's, you know, writing stuff in like this, like a little child. And the fact that he would even put this on paper and where was the envelope with her with a crayon? I mean, it meant he's got serious problems, but his name is John B. Thompson, attorney at law in coral gables. They B as in bothersome, not to be confused with any other John or Jack Thompson's in the gables who may be attorneys. John B, Thompson, coral gables. And again, as I said, if you think of the anti-Christ that you give you an idea is to the first three digits of his telephone number. Okay. So, and I'm not encouraging anybody to call or do you know, I don't want to, we're going to get the same thing we did with Valdez that we're doing verbal terrorism. I haven't encouraged anybody to contact him in any way, shape or form. Have I? No way. Jose. So we're still running by the way with Marlon Suki from the eighth race at Calder yesterday. Now, are you going to be on your best behavior today? He's got a very, he's got like a how do you do he grin on his face? He looked almost like John Anderson for just a second there. I don't know. How do you like this head Cohen? Can you believe this? Good. You believe this? My good pal. I remember him. Leave by nail alone. Yeah. Now he's not just starting to finger through your meat. Yeah, he can't wait. Wait a minute. Did you get a letter from Mary Lou and Hylia? Is that who that is? Wait a minute. Go back to that one there. I just saw the handwriting. Is that who it is? Of course. Well, I know air, believe me. I know the voices. I know the handwriting. Here's something says priority mail. And look at there. He's got one from the youth center. Oh, the yacht center. Okay. Shame on you. Shame on you. And for those of us that you're earlier part of the program, I think Mr. Thompson does have a point. All of this encouraging of homosexuality and heterosexuality must stop no more sex in South Florida. Wasn't in Neil Rogers who predicted not too many years ago that that would be the next thing to be banned in South Florida. Now, in 1989, we're going to work on breathing the air that will be the next thing that will be banned. Of course not a big deal in this town because most of the people are walking dead anyway. They don't need to breathe the air. What is that? More dirty pictures of young ladies in lingerie. It's out. No more of that decadence and depravity. But that's a macy's count. Well, I don't care what it is. No more of that. No more of these scantily clad ladies with their boobs hanging out. Wow. Next call to run a pay phone. Hello. Oh my god. I've been on for an hour and ten minutes. On the pay phone. I called you Friday. I was on 45 minutes. And finally, you don't need to call up. Sorry. The information is very important. I'm sorry. With my terrible voice. Okay. My book is open man. Number one. I saw the article about it. Yeah. And I was started immediately with the letter when it comes out. I'll send you copy. Shame on him. Shame on him is right. Terrible. Number two. You call John Bowdoin. But did you find out who's replacing John Broward? I didn't call her. I called JNO. I know who's replacing John Broward. Like Miller. Yeah. It was in the papers Sunday. Oh, I didn't see it. I thought you'd notice it. No, I knew Mike Miller was going there. But I thought he was going to do after no one. I mean, John Broward's only been doing full time. They're like, what a month? I mean, he just started. Then there's some more information. I call him name Friday. Oh boy. Oh boy. Now I told him twice. I called him. Please hear me out. I told him. I told him the first thing the girl says to me, is this a complaint? And I said, let me tell you something. Although, New. Callers are younger people. There are some older people that do listen and do respond to and enjoy it. Anyway, I finally got through to someone in the office. It wouldn't stick to her at all. And I finally listened to my name and number. It said, that's where they would take care of it. And they'd be in the room. You've fallen calls. And you're a favor. Number one. Number two, I call the attorney this morning. John Thomas. Tom, so whatever. Yeah. Number. Right. The man says to me, I have a deep voice. He said, you guys, you get off the phone. You're like, I swear to go. Oh boy. Oh, I got so mad. I called my name again. Does that give you an indication of where this is coming from? And people are listening to an unbalanced individual like this? Let me say I called, man, again, I was familiar. And I said, let me tell you something. I'm going to get in trouble. I said, I'm Mr. Tom's nurse. I said, I really, you can check out it. I said, he's an attorney. But he has some psychological problems. He's giving us some problems. And he's called you numerous times. She says, oh, yes. He just can't imagine how many co-opletters we've gotten. And it's a police. Well, well, wait a minute. How many letters they've gotten from him? I guess so. Oh boy. I said, please take my advice. And just don't respond. The more you respond, the more you're going to call, the more you're going to write. Yeah. Thank you for listening. I'm going to go through the extra. Well, I'm glad we're, you know, we have to be like Inspector Cluso here. You know, we have to piece together all the evidence because it's a really bizarre puzzle. I know. It's a terrible situation. Yeah. Well, it's great to be able to go. Even though they're older than at all fully, they're still younger hard. Okay. Thanks a lot. For Lauderdale. Hello. Mr. Rapa. Mr. Rogers? Yes. Okay. I'm one of your younger listeners who enjoyed you very much. You can only wait for a pair. Yes. You're with the ones who said, I made disagree with what you say, but I'll defend my death. You're right to say it. Right. And I agree with him. I'm a Catholic and most of my parents are Cuban, but I enjoy your show. I'm American. I was born here. And I just wanted to let you know that some of us who may not agree with what you say, want you to still be on the air. Thank you. Okay. Well, I hope you let the Archdiocese know that too. You know, I've suggested for a long time. And unfortunately, there are a lot of cowards out there. But that on Sunday, when they passed the collection played around in the Catholic churches, that a lot of people who are displeased with their attempt at censorship would put a note instead of a bill in the, in the, in the, a plate and say, when you stop censoring the arangers and anybody else on the air, that will start, you know, donating again. No, as they also do a lot of good to people. Yeah. So, the racist that some of these big weeks or in the appraisal, I'm just forgot what it's like to be people. Yeah. You human beings are ruining for the rest of us. Okay. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Why are you showing me all of those dirty pictures from the Macy's catalog? Is that Macy's or is that a different one? Macy's. Macy's. Shame on you. He's back at it again. You know, I want to get the speakle catalog and it's the Syracuse catalog and this week it's Macy's. The chalky shirts. Shameful. That's what I wear. The graceful. I think the Gilbert's in his right. Enough of this depravity and sickness with people that underwear. And priest and dresses. I got a better one and then I'm going to assure you that I've already thrown away. By the way, I think I'll hear confessions exactly. Confessions? Yep. There you go. See, Miami Beach Policeman. Really? Yeah. Which is why I'm throwing it away. I'm sure that he would be. What does it say on the back? Good looking guy. From one of your liberal fans. Yeah. Well, it's no big deal. We don't want to say what it is in the picture because somebody will get very upset again. More calls. I like your album here. Yeah, I'm going to, well, it's too long to put on the cart. So I'm going to have to put it on the cassette. And it'll be interesting to see which day I choose to play that. Maybe tomorrow would be a good day. I'm not so sure if I'm going to be on tomorrow. Because we have these big corporate meetings and you know, I could be very bigger. You think what? I think you'll be here. In fact, if you would like, I will come in at 10 o'clock. To do what? We'll just do a two-man show tomorrow. Will that make you happy? And you get depressed. I'll just say something little. Under pressure. You don't like that idea. A great idea. But you can't ever come in and talk on your show. You can't do it in my whole show with me. Oh, that's true. Yeah, you owe me. And I owe you. And I thought tomorrow the other attorney. Here's a message from Richard. The nut attorney is forwarding his call. She's put him on call forwarding to us. Is that cute? I mean, this guy really has got serious problem. Yes, he does. And it's not the... And of course, what is it that we're doing about it? See, when you start using the phone to harass, which he's been doing even back to Friday. He was doing it in calling in the office and just making a... No, it's called a phone call. No, you see, I'd like to know what this company is doing about that. I mentioned that to our general manager this morning. You know, you just roll over and play dead, especially for some nut case. You're finished. I mean, forget about Bob Gilbert's in or any of the other discussion we have to have. But when there's somebody who's just totally disrupting. No, our attorney should be on the phone to him. Exactly. Exactly. See, Santa says... Exactly. Precisely. Yep. Doesn't make sense. Because it's, you know, if he had called one time. Or even a couple of times. Yeah, that would be it. But now it's haunting mocking calls. You know, this kind of juvenile stuff in the mail. And with all the, you know, with threats and foolishness. And as the lawyer again, you know, if he claims he's a lawyer. The only thing a lawyer understands is another lawyer. Yeah. A lawyer. The lawsuit. Yeah. So that's your right. But I'll come in at 10 o'clock tomorrow. Great. Oh, that's good. Okay. And maybe I'll be here for part of it. And the, I don't do that to, just because I might play on the ear. No, I'm just saying I might have to be on a ear part of the time. And now I'll come back if you play by play and we'll play old-ang-zine. And all another good stuff. Who knows what's going to happen, you know? But as we have discussed, I don't think I'm going to miss too many meals. Okay, we're out of time here on a Monday. And again, you know, Friday, Saturday, Monday. This is three shows. Wasted from my standpoint. Just totally wasted. We'd a lot of garbage. We'd a lot of mong. I had a lot of fun Saturday. Playing the cart right. Before it's taken out again. Yeah. Well, you better play him quick today. Today is definitely the day. If you got any left, if you didn't get in on Saturday, I would do it today. Because after a trip to Oklahoma City, you know who will probably be even more right-wing than usual, you know, coming from Oklahoma City. And after he looks at the books over in that place, it's really going to be exciting. Okay, that's going to do it. Have a wonderful day in a wonderful life. And don't forget, if I don't show up here, all my radio friends just called Tom Jick at the Mommy News, Linda Thornton at the Harald. And the Don't Call Us will call you.