I'm so... Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Terminal! There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there. Alan Box is suffering from... Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami-Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just saying no to L-Herald, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue herald bags from femoral pines. You know, big yentpens, who's like, oh, no. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bad boys at wind mixing? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. Incredible. Neal Rogers disease. A growing self-floor to epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got, I'm not. A night. What's we follow got? Three points up again? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In care of hot 105. Terminal. Un... believable. Is it really? Ten-oh-eight. Well, listening, wait. He waited two minutes today before he slanked in here. Wasn't that good? Well, let's see, who do I have to thank? I guess I have to thank you. You know, for the great job that you did while I was away. Hmm. Kyle's already shaking his head and dismay. Well, listen, we lie a lot, you know. And Mike Spindell. In fact, that's what we're going to be doing this morning. We're going to take a poll as to whether I should do the show today. Okay? Did you hear that on the... but they was at Sunday? For an hour? A poll? A poll? I wonder he should do the show yesterday. How did it come out? The wrong way. And who else, Fred Shots? Fred Shots was great. What is it sound so strange in here again? Have they been messing with stuff? Then it sounded peculiar in here like hollow. No. Like real burly. You sound strange. Good well, listen, you want to take another couple of days and maybe I'll get my mouth back. No. Mike Wolf did the day. Mike Wolf, we think Mike for, you know, whatever he did. And you have to thank me. I already did all this. All right. Once was more than enough. Okay. Guys, I sound strange here this morning. Not really me. So don't blame me. I guess it must have been that one exciting day I spent in Detroit when the high was 59 and it rained all day. From the time I got off the plane to the time I had enough sense to get out of that town. It never stopped raining and the high was 59. You know, now I realize why I left the north. I will never go back up north again. Never ever. And those of you idiots out there, oh, I missed the change of season. The shit to see the leaves falling. Look at it on a picture postcard. Will you forget it? It's a joke. It's a tragedy. And it was still summer when you were right before late. Yeah, the summer there last about two days. Not consecutively necessarily. There is no summer anymore up north. Forget it. But the taviadowns was okay. And I, you know, cashed a lot of tickets and one money every night of the taviadowns. And then came back here to punch my brains out of colder, which is another story. Oh, really? A pummeling seldom seen in the history of permutual wagering. seldom seen. And if Michael Lee is listing this morning, that ride on the six Horace in the, whatever the ninth race yesterday on a scale of zero, that you know, you realize I tore up my colder pants last night. That's how to discuss today. They were over hearing those messages. I'll be saying, hey, there's nothing like spending. There's nowhere I'd rather be on a great summer afternoon that it called her. And that's true. If I could afford it. But I got news for you. Even those of us with the deep pockets, you know, it only goes so long. And the Mike and Salas had a great day yesterday. He had four winners and I had three of them and God bless them. But he's the only guy I cash on out there. And most of his horses go off three to five, you know. So it's a grim situation. Is that the word grim? It's the word you want. And then it's hopped off this guy and his girlfriend who never go to the track. They went there yesterday because I talk about it all the time, right? Yeah. And the closest I came to really hitting at big, I had a four, seven, ten. Now nobody cares about this, but I have to tell in anyway. I've got the four, seven, ten, perfect, a box like in the fourth race. Okay? The four takes the lead in the stretch. The five is second and the ten is coming with Mike and Salas on the outside. Can't miss second. And I've got a three dollar perfect, a box. Four, ten is going to pay about 250 bucks, which means I've got $375 coming back. If the ten horse gets second, the ten is going to pass the five like he's standing still, right? Wow. All of a sudden, here's Baltas are on the rail who can't get arrested coming back with the five horse and they finish almost dead even at the wire. And I run over to the monitor and I watch the replay and the ten gets beat by a eight-tint of an inch for second. And I just heave my tickets in the air, sit down in the chair, slump down in the chair and discuss. Now this guy who never goes to the track and his young blonde girlfriend come racing over and he hands me a ticket. Dollar tri box, four or five, ten. Wow. Which the two dollar tri paid $1,200. He doesn't know a horse from his elbow this guy and he's collecting $1,100. But this and that line. One is to the window, cash is the ticket, comes back, hands me a $5 bill and leaves. Is that the way it always is though? People, you know, know, anything about horses. It was just the upset and then I get Michael Lee who's standing straight up, straight two likes off the lead with his horse, 19 to one. And now he's standing straight up and he goes all the way back to dead last on the third way. Last, okay. Now he gets the horse and gear and he's running like a maniac on the third passes half of the field and finishes a desperate fifth. I know I should not. Michael Lee, I know I shouldn't laugh, but just a little chuckle. I know you're up. Oh, you're upset. Upset? Yeah. To say the best. I love colder, but they don't love me. You didn't really tell your pass up. Oh yes. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. And how did Mr. colder just find? Mr. colder has been doing just fine. He keeps caching tickets and he's pulling him out of somewhere out of nowhere. Well, he's never going to have to go back to work. Of course not. That's what you think. Just wait until the lead opens. It'll be all over. The colder magic. He only wins a tracks named after him. Right. There aren't too many. So I guess if I would find Rogers downs or something. Neil bounds, I would do great. You know. Boy, a lot of things have happened since I left. I see Sandy's on the air. And you know, it's the only talk show in America where the host and the guest lie down when the show is going on. It's true. I turned her in for about 30 seconds this morning and she had some lawyer on. And they were both, I mean, nobody can be sitting up and be that boring. You know, it can sound asleep. So I think they must have reclining chairs. They could do that show from a hospital bed. Exactly. In fact, most of the listeners must be in hospital bed. And if they're not, they're going to be in a coma very shortly. And soon in some pub, a bed somewhere. Boy, she is so boring, unbelievable. I have a real depressing story to tell. I got a lot of me press the A. That's what the audience loves. Oh, I know. Because they're stuck down here. They don't realize how good they've got it. I wonder is great. Everything else thinks, but the weather is great. And I got news to you when it's the end of August. And it's 59 for the high. And feels like about 30. Oh, we had wind chill. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. In August. The only good thing in Detroit was Dick Pertn, who's still on the areas on Z. 95.5 or something like that. Yeah. And he still got about three people that do the show with him, including one guy who sounds just like Casey Kaseem. Oh, no. Yeah. Oh, no. And Pertn is still, you know, doing talk ups and stepping all over the record. Intentionally, it's great. And he's got Casey Jr. with him. Yeah. And about two other people. It's a real show in a real city, but unfortunately the weather there is pathetic. So a good luck to him. The only good thing in Detroit besides Dick Pertn show was white castle hamburgers. Oh, my gosh. With a drive through. Oh, no. I was only there a day and a half and I went through the drive through three times at white castle. And some of you out there, you know, the people in the audience give more misinformation on these talk shows. Oh, to pink is his clothes. That restaurant's been closed. It's not closed. It's still open. The huge restaurant there on telegraph and six miles or seven miles, whatever the hell it is. And they had a full page ad and then he tried free press. And when I kept going by there and I saw all the cars there and then I saw the ad and the free press, I figured they probably are not closed. I mean, there are too many places that buy a full page ad in the newspaper when they're closed. No? Not too many. I mean, we've something to open the Harold Amarrow for those of you who still get it. See a full page ad for the monks in. Wouldn't that be great? We closed six years ago, but you know, always still like to little PR like to keep in touch with our friends. And especially with the pope coming, you know, we wouldn't be great if the monks in were still open. They could put the pope to work. There is a waiter with that silly little flock, you know, that he wears that little dress and his venie it would be great. And channel seven, by the way, and you notice I stole about ten minutes after that spot. Can you believe that they're doing that thing where a ribbon for peace, the two days there's the infriity when the pope is here? Like all of us are supposed to be caught up in this thing. I thought he was Catholic. Am I wrong? Is he non-denominational now? He's bigger than life. And if you've seen him lately, he has to go to the Tall and Big Men shop to get his dress. You can't say that. I just said that. He gets his dress the same place that Joey Reynolds gets this. Joey Pinto, welcome to town Joey. I can't believe it. I heard him for about three minutes this morning. He is so bad that it's unbelievable. He's trying to do, I don't know what it is he's trying to do because he plays no music and he branch about it. Right. It's a comedy show. It is allegedly. I will actually give this a big build up on his Bruce Springsteen cut that he was going to play. And he goes on and on and on. By the way, Joey Pinto aka Joey Reynolds. I guess it's been taken shots of me. Doesn't even know who I am. It's no idea who you are. Never heard me in his life. He taught you everything you know. taught me everything I know. The guy doesn't even know me. But I know him. Oh, do I know him. There's been great stories about him. Yeah. There was a group called The Rock and Rebels who had a record called Wild Weekend on Swan Records. Many years ago was an instrumental. I begly remember. And it was a Tommy Shannon steam song and Tom Shannon and Joey Reynolds worked at WKBW and Buffalo, which is where Joey was successful. He should have stayed there forever because that's the only place he made. It was in Buffalo. And that's because the people there were like a block of ice. They never thought out. They couldn't change the dial. So Joey was very successful. You know, it was the only station in the market with a signal. And anyway, things, kids that made that record on Swan Records. I don't want to say who they had a contract with, who their agents were. I don't want to mention any names. They never collected a dime in royalties. And that record was released several times and overall sold over a million records. And they never saw a penny of the royalties. And when they, you know, try to get a lawyer and do something about it. Nobody could find their contract. Did it disappear? What contract? You know, it's like here. When he overts and comes down again, I say, hey, what contract? You don't have a contract. I'll say, well, what about this? Oh, you must have made that up. We don't have any copy of that. You know, So where is this business? As I say in West Highly, it's a doggy dog business. And I had a deep, well, not only did I have a depressing day at colder yesterday. I'm sitting at home and I called Stan and I said, well, let's go have, let's at least go eat a good meal somewhere, right? So it says, okay, I'll be over about 10, 15 minutes. I put the phone down two minutes later. It rings and I thought, well, he's calling back. He had some brainstorm of where to go eat, right? Wrong. I mean, here I plunged my brains out. I am so depressed. I'm tearing up my colder pass, which for me is like, blasphemy, okay? Yeah. And whose voice do you think is on the other end of that line? I can't imagine. Well, let me take the break. I bet you there are a lot of people in the audience who already know. I have to do as mentioned, the word depressed. Oh, I think the ring, oh, it was. Oh, it was. Oh, no. Ah. Oh boy. 21 pass 10. Ah, ah, ah. At W.I. and Z, we'll come right back. Mr. Cashe, where you at any time a while, at money from the arm sales to iron, was being illegally adopted to the controls. You know, Mr. Senator? I'm glad you asked that question, because the countries are guerrilla fighters, and guerrillas always remind me of the monkeys. And isn't a great, that after all these years, they're once again the heart-draub of teenagers all across the US of it. Mr. Cashe, where you're just asked for the question. Well, sir, there's nothing I'd like better. But I'll be advice of castle. I'm most regrettably and respectfully decline your request. But don't go away, because I'm going to take the fifth. And of course, I can only mean the fifth dimension. The year was 1967. With this best occasion, we'll go on for more this man, won't betray my immediate right, we'll see no demand I will now deal with you, I know. 24 past 10 at W.I. and Z, I do sound strange today, don't I? I'm having withdrawal symptoms. From, from being back into building. Oh, and from that phone call I had last night. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to get into the phone call, though. We got a lot of sick people in this audience. You don't really do have a lot of sick people in the audience. You have no to, yeah. Anyway, seeing their minding my own business, it's Labor Day, right? It's a holiday. You don't call up people that you know. I don't want to say friends, because I would not use that word and regard this individual. Aquatenses. Aquatenses. On a holiday, and depress them, would you? Colleges. No. I don't really know somebody that helped to get you a job. But don't forget, it's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friend's fail. Just remember that. And this particular individual is probably the premier advocate of that philosophy. I agree. Making a life career now, being a professional troublemaker, has he left the big plop? Oh, yeah. He's gone. Bob pardon me for being the pressing ambassador on the phone. Is there a call for two reasons? One to tell me that he finally got out of WPLP. He's not working for this company anymore. And he went to WFLA and he's doing great. And they love him. He's not making as much money as he had been suggesting he was going to make, but he's doing great. You know, 450 an hour, something like that. He's doing great. And with his talent, that's, you know, overpaid, it was. And number two, like the guys writing a book or something, he must be writing a book. Wanted to find out the true story about all these wild rumors he's hearing. Oh, but you. I should have asked him. Are you writing a bookbomb? Are you writing my life story? Unlaborate on a holiday. Doesn't matter. The man calls up. That hurts to tell me all of these wild things about how Bob Gilbert's in his still bad mouthing me and talking to the management of WPLP in Tampa. And wants to fire me and his very upset and having an nervous breakdown and about how 10 Williams are national sales managers telling the people over there that they can't sell this show and that there's no advertising on this show and on and on and on and on. And by the time I got through, I didn't know whether to cut up my colder pass or cut up Lanceter. As a matter of fact, if he would have been closer, I would like to have tried to do both at the same time. I could have taken the pass over his heart and use one of those skewers, you know, from the barbecue pit on Labor Day. Unbelievable. Terminal and depressing. Then I come in here this morning in our program director who's photographed is still where the moon don't shine. You were there, you were witness comes in the office as well. Gary's not here again this week, so if Bob Gilbert's in calls, I'm transferring the call to the bird. You know, or something like that. That's what he said. He did say that. Boy, that's fine. A bunch of nervous nellies, aren't they? And I got news for him. I'm showing up every day. Then there were other wild rumors while I was gone. I'm going to Chicago to WLS. Right. A music station. I don't know anybody in Chicago. I've never talked to anybody in Chicago. I don't want to work in Chicago, okay? You hate Chicago. I hate Chicago. While it comes, you're okay. But the weather is horrendous. They had about 85 feet of water standing there with like Michigan, Lake and it moves into Chicago. While I was on vacation, it's all they were talking about is that Chicago was underwater, which was a blessing for the comes, by the way. Okay. Big sports fan of you. I'll go back and talk about that racetrack called a racetrack. Okay. Here's Michael Lee. I mean, he's two lengths off the lead. He's sitting perfect on the turn. He's got a ton of horses. And now he, and then the other day on Friday or Saturday, here's Teresa Peters. I call her Shirley Peters. She's one of the jockey's, so to speak. I mean, I've got a few jockey's out there that really, we ought to set him up to the farm club, set him up to finger legs. Okay. He gave him a little seasoning before he gets the public to put their harder and money on these people. Shirley Peters. She's got this seven horse, which has just been claimed. I can't think of the name of the horse, but the horse gets bet down like crazy. So naturally, I put a few bucks on a horse because it looked like it had a good shot. And in the backstreet, Shirley, have you ever seen a girl on a hobby horse? How the horse goes up and down and up. And she's standing and she's got the rain straight up in the air. She's rocking up and down. And you don't make up a lot of ground when you're going up and down. You know, you know what I'm saying? Very hard for horse to go forward when he's going up and down like a hobby horse. Needless to say, he's at the top of the stretch right now in a desperate drive. Boy, it's unbelievable. But I don't want to cry sour grapes, you know, just because I lost, you know, 80, 90,000 or whatever. Now there are people who are going to believe that too. Sure, these are reormous. Believe whatever you like. You know, when you're making 5,600,000 a year, it must be nice. That's all I can say. But that's about it. Don't have any great stories. Maybe. Yeah, that's basically about it. Oh, no. Oh, yes. Well, what else did you want? You always have great stories when you come back from vacation. About little adventures you had, you know. I didn't have any adventure. I'll be darn. Unfortunately. Uh-huh. Did you go to East Lansing? You didn't go. Are you kidding me? Whether it was too bad. I got on a Michigan so fast. Okay. And where did it? Made a B line. Where'd you go, New York? Yeah. I did go to Donna Bob's every day again. Let's see when we know what back there to eat. I like six meals a day. It was great. What else is there to do there, right? Well, you can do that when you're on vacation. You're allowed to do that. Yeah. And I heard the food was coming in here. They got a whole bunch of stale bagels on Spendell show the other day. Perfect. Stale. Yes. A Murnas stale. Yeah. I said perfect. Murnas and a Spendell show. We're going to get a hockey team together. The wins hockey team are going to use him as hockey pucks. They were so stale. And Mike was owing and eyeing. You know, those weekend people. Anything for free. They're just going nuts. They'll show like crazy. Yeah. They're in their refrigerator now. If you want to. Yeah. And the freezer. Going out. It's a number of. Well, we don't want to go into that. I think they're in it with the best of intentions. And then, of course, it winds up a four hour show on bagels. Which is fine. Because that's what we're going to do today. We're going to do that. Let's see. What could we do today? We saw he covered bagels pretty well. How about white castle? Somebody mentioned that the other day. Well, it's good. I'm sorry. Those are real good. The only exciting thing that happened in Detroit Friday evening. And the rain is just pouring down. And I'm not even going to go to the track. And I kind of weather. And I drive through white castle. And I've put my order in. You know, at the little megafauna. It's going to be 80 cheese brezbers. Bucket of coke. And I'm sitting there. And there's one car in front of me. And there's one car behind me. And there's this very attractive young couple in the car behind me. And she is. I don't know if she thought it was Halloween or what, but she was bobbing for apples in a car. I couldn't believe it. I kept looking and I kept looking in a rear view mirror by accident. Occasionally I look up. Actually because it was boring sitting there waiting for my hamburger. And I couldn't believe this in Detroit, which is probably the most sexless town in the history of America. They don't even do it in Detroit. No, that's not. They pretend that no, they don't. They do not do it in Detroit. Nobody does it. Most of them don't even think about it. Well that's where we're going to become down here. You know that. That's what's going to happen here. We're not even going to think about it. And make a lot. And we already. Yeah, mandate that. That's what I went away. That's right. It hadn't taken place. That's why they brought Joey Reynolds down here. It's looking to him for about a half an hour. You lose your appetite to ever do it again. Exactly. They're looking for him. And he's going to strange voice his boy. And somebody said to me, do they? What is he about? 40. And I got up off the floor. I mean, you got to be kidding me. This guy is 50 easy. And maybe beyond. We're at 48. We're at 48. Yeah. Yeah. 19 for 18. Yeah. That's when I think he's closer to 60. Personal. All these in his 50s. If he's a day. Yeah. Yeah. They're looking for him in New York by the way. The. I'm looking for him. They wonder what happened to him. I want to talk to him about those letterman spots that he read on the air that time in 1963 when I was in Batavia. See, he doesn't know who I am. He doesn't even know that I know him. There's no idea. But I got Joey Pinto stories that'll go back and see the guy was in Buffalo doing just fine. Right. Nobody could change the die. Okay. And it was the only station they could pick up. Then all of a sudden he goes to Detroit at WXYZ. Bomb. I mean, the biggest bomb since Hiroshima. Okay. But. And WKNR was destroying XYZ at that time. They were both rock stations. The. He knew it. He knew it. And Joey would come out and I. Ah, you kids. What's the matter? You're like that hot news jingle. Is that why you listen to them? You know, he was all the sour grapes. And they were dying XYZ was just a ghost of what it used to be. Okay. Le Allen and all of these other husbands. You know. The Joey eventually went up in New York. Which everybody sooner later winds up in New York. Some of us are trying to avoid it. WMBC. Bomb in New York. Went to Philadelphia. Dispised in Philly. At best. Okay. Now they bring him down here on She. Well, here's the guys like 50 years old. And please, doing the morning show with a bunch of, you know, young kids on drugs, allegedly. But yeah. And it just doesn't make any sense. Any news? They say, but all. They say Banjovi to him. And he goes, huh? Well, there's a group called Europe. I think it's the name of the Grey. Isn't it? And the lead singer, Lysa little like Banjovi. And I was watching on MTV the other day. And I noticed he was wearing an earring and his right ear. Oh, uh. Left ear. Okay. Left ear. I'm confused now. Okay. Left ear. Right. So John Macanoow wears one of his left ear. Yeah. No. Yes. So I'm playing Tennessee other day. Yeah. Well, we don't want him. He does. Absolutely. And his left ear. Mm-hmm. And they're expecting their second kids. So, you know, take thems expecting the second kid. Is that Banjovi and John Macanoow? Yeah. Right. But wait till we tell the Pope about that. I know. But doesn't know about this. See if the Pope thought that two guys could make babies. The church's position on Homosexuality would turn around 180 degrees. Yeah. Even the priest would be making babies, you know. Hey, what's wrong with that? The nice cat lick boy. I'm not him. That's the only way it's ever going to change. When two guys can make a baby, then the Catholic church is going to have some real second thought. I noticed the daydly has been flashing pretty not frantically here. But the Brown is Broward not tuning in anymore. They have no idea. We don't want no whose responsibility that is. There's one. Is it possible that you are responsible? No. It is not possible. One per mile disagrees. He thinks it's very possible that you might be responsible. Do it two people chasing away part of the law. I didn't chase anybody. We'll say this though. It was marginally better than the country hearings. Thank you. Now they're all ready. We're going to be doing that. I think that's a compliment. They're all flashing. Which is fine. We don't want to talk to you anyway. I'll Joey Reynolds up. By the way, they don't have any delay over there. You notice that? They have no delay. I told that on the air. Did you really? Well, we're going to be telling that on the air every day. Just thought that we care a lot. But just you can say anything and it will go on here. Of course. Anything in your little heart desires. You go right on here. I noticed he's trying to do a little Howard Stern stuff. Absolutely. I mean, who is he kidding? He is. He's an old man who's over the hill to keep. Oh, I put Howard. Howard was in diapers. Well, sure. All of us were in diapers when Joey was in Buffalo. I mean, you guys have about 125 years old. He has someone in their with him who knows the music and no man going on. That's got to be named. That helps him and tells him what to play and what to do. And was it Mike Miller? Yeah, somebody like that. But that's how he knew. He could team him up with Bob Lassiter. Point out there is a lot of it. What do you think Lassiter wants? What does it that he wants? It doesn't know. He's like, he's like a true vulture. I mean, you're like, you're like a caricature of a vulture. But he's like a true vulture kind of hovering over everybody's body, just waiting to swoop in. Right. When he was here, he was doing the same thing. Exactly. What he was doing? Just wait exactly for the opportunity for me to go. Oh, you're feeling okay to go leaving town. You go to Chicago, Neil. Yeah. And let me tell you what airline to fly. Exactly. And if he's doing so great at FLA over in that big campus Saint Pete Marcus, he's just knocking him dead. He's killing him. He's on the daytime, right? Whatever. I don't know. I think he's on the day. You know that he's heard everything that I've said right now because he's got his Yenta line. See, if I were that old, he's got to lie. Which I am older than he is. But if I were that age, and I were a professional in the enter. And I don't want to mention any other names because there are some sensitive people in the room as I speak. But if I were that age, and I had nothing else to do. I've heard that he's got to be a friend of the room or is a gossip and just constantly. Be stirring the pot as the saying goes, I would be embarrassed. Really embarrassed. He humiliated. He's so brave. He's hopeless. He'll always be that way. Yeah. And who do you think's on the phone with him right now? Giving a blow by blow report of everything that's being said. So to speak. I'll just show. Blow by blow. So to speak, can. I know. He gets a report every day that you're on the air. And you said, I think they take transcripts. They're monitoring. Yeah. Well, that's good. He talked about you again today. Well, see, we want to thank Betty at Betty's where records. We have a wonderful letter here from Betty. And she says we are deludes with calls as a result of your playing the contest over the year. Mm-hmm. Guess some people heard it. The great crepitation contest. Yes. There's no need for your listeners to phone. Just send 1498 postage included to Betty's where records. Box 6453. Louisville, Kentucky. 40206. No COD. Just send a damn check. Mm-hmm. Okay, Betty. And also want to thank Ron Sacks, who can't seem to make up his mind. Ron's another one of those people as ambivalent feelings about Uncle Neil. And when he was on the air during that brief but illustrious career as Tocco's. Mm-hmm. He was a competitive. He was saying some terrible things about me and about this show and about shock radio and all that kind of stuff. And all of a sudden that he's back writing, what is this from this media? What is this Miami review? Miami review? Yeah. He writes for the Miami review. I don't know what that is but that's the name of the publication. I thought the Miami review was the one with all those Hispanic authors. It could be no. No. Well, that's what he told me. No way Jose. He said Miami review. There's a horse by the way. The hell and Dale kid by the way, Kim and second yesterday beat me out of that perfect also. That'll show you. Ten three all the way around. Couldn't miss. You always miss and here comes the hell and Dale kid. You always bet on anything named hell and Dale. No, I don't. Sunny Rosenberg was writing it. Intendol. That Michael Lee. I'm going to tell you what you see about there. Give my best. Give him the number one sign. I watched the replay of that Michael and I'm telling you a hobby horse. I don't bet on hobby horses. I can go to the Broward Mall and see little kids on a hobby horse. Yeah. Anyway. Okay. I won't tell him that Stan spent a weekend at the country walk. Okay. I'm not going to tell him that. Anyway. Oh, is this. No. He said to me. He wants to be a babysitter now. I know. I know that. Well, when you said how many later in the show, we're going to give you the number for Uncle Stan's babysitting service. When you said hobby horse, someone's name immediately comes to mind. Yeah. Well, that's his hobby. Anyway, Ron Sachs writes, W.I.N.Z. Rogers survives musling attempts and Ron just tinkles. I just read the article as morning. Incredible. And I can't believe it. He loves tinkles to the point of almost having a. A literary hernia on this page. I think the rent of nothing but wonderful. So, it's a great article on believable. By the way, who do we thank for that very creative thing that we played the beginning of the show? How 105 Dan McCay. Who did you know? Who did you know? We promoting other FM stations again. Who asked me? Oh, Stan has marked mostly on today, doesn't it? From Power 96. Wow. It must make our effort. Don't we ever talk about Zeta? Let's sure. Dave Capita dropped in last week and plugged and plugged and plugged and plugged and plugged. I heard that one. That was shameless. Well, a little other side of the coin, you know? Shameless. Of course, maybe the word I'm looking for is desperate. Well, they were paranoid. We walked up there in the afternoon this morning just to cut a spot or something. I have a fit. And Jean Cashman was sitting in there on the console. Jean was spitting around on the turntable. You know, they play all those CDs. So, they got to do something with the turntables. And Jean was spinning around at 16 RPMs. Incredible. Was a sight of beauty and a thing to be hold. I enjoyed it. And Jeff Chase had a very nervous look on his face. Jeff always has that very nervous look. Are you coming in to do midday? That's like the question that's on their own. No, warning it. Yeah. I saw them on the telephone yesterday. Jean looked real good on TV. Really? She really does. Oh, maybe she's Mr. Nitch. Maybe she belongs on TV. Maybe I saw Hallopus, Salfus and Tell him that. I saw a beautiful and Bill Tanner. And Rick and Spud. Saw all of one segment. I could tell you. You must have been not. I was luring beside myself. Donald did you say? I didn't say. But no noodles. It was Bdall and noodles. My favorite. Yeah. But anyway, I want to thank Ron Sacks for the incredible you're reenating exercise here in the media column. I mean, he really just goes nuts and says all these wonderful things about me. I know. In fact, if it gets slow, I'll read it on the air about four or five times later in the show. I read a couple of paragraphs on the air. It is true. When I first sat down here, I started a little bit strange. I guess I'm out of practice. Yeah. I would like to put my vacation. Sure. I enjoy rentals. It sounds like they say, I don't want to overdo it. He wants me to talk about him. I know. And after today, we will not discuss his show. Thank more than once in a while. But it sounds like they scraped his vocal cords. It's got that thin. Almost like mar... What is his name? Alpert. Albert. Marvalbert. NBC. Why don't we want to call him Alpert? Like her. Like Rick Alpert. No, it's mar and Albert. And he's rather than all of a sudden I'm losing. His brother's Steve is good. I don't know who brothers. Who are both good. Marve has no talent at all. He does letter. He looks like he talks like somebody is a guy's vocal cords in jail somewhere. And I can't get out. He always says, yes. Switch. Yes. I don't like the guy says, switch on the area. I'm not too fond of that. How come? Well, I just have a little sensitive about that. Okay. Let's take another break. Sixteen. Sixteen before 11. Just when you thought trap call records couldn't possibly be more tasteless. And I'm all a fool. And a train bound for bullfeeing. I met this year, accountant. He's about to touch me. That's right. It's the cat skills cowboy himself. Dr. Irving Paycheck. You're singing the all-time greatest hits of Marshville. I still hear the account. You gotta know how to beat him. No, how to cheat him. If you've only good life, keep a second. Sit up, bro. And who could forget this? Flavorful cut. We're getting relaxed. In all the wrong places. We're getting relaxed. I'd buy by the cases. Fallen is tough. Be sure there's no cases. A phone's far too much sol. And no collection of old country music would be complete without Dr. Irving Paycheck's dietary classic. I was co-shed. Then co-shed, boss and cool. Yes, prep co-record's proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of Marshville. Those not Miami moves. Two ordered Marshville hits, dial 1-800-a-6-bath. Dr. Irving Paycheck, cos he's got those not Miami moves. Yeah, play! This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. And they will trust me. Provenants before 11 at WI and Z. And we want you to say, Hutspa, a little leader run on the show. Not yet. I can't. Don't try this early in the morning. I can't roll my arm. Once and never be able to speak again. You really don't want to. And then I'm out of luck. I can't say that. I can't roll my arms. And I'm very jealous that you can do that. Yeah. Then you become so well. You become Jewish. Exactly. So. So. We don't know any glam name, so. No, they're all Jewish. Of course. And then you'll be able to say, Hutspa. But first you have to become Jewish. All right. Now there's a little procedure. They want to say, yeah, it's a little vulture procedure. They want to do out in the green room. But that's why I can't say. And you may turn a little bit green while they're doing it. But listen, it's worth it in a long run. You do it just in time for the arrival of his holiness. Of course, which I can't wait for myself boy, that going to be great. Thursday and Friday, they're going to close down the whole town. Because a silly guy in a dress and a beanie is going to show up here. That's right. Incredible. I know a lot of guys who go out there in a dress for nothing. What after raised all these millions? It's going to be a nationwide TV. One guy's on the air on not well. I don't want to mention what station. But I understand he's got quite a wardrobe. We're really. Yes. Can you give us any clues? Can't. Can't. Is it a M or F M? B M. B M. Well, I think we ought to take few calls today. No, I'm not kidding. See what happened. What really happened while I was gone. You thought that I believe anything that you would tell me. Fine. Because you gilled the lily. Just like the last time when you told me about the hearings and all that incredible crap that they put on the air, it was just fine. Just fine. Wait till a number is come out and numbers came out and like half of the audience disappear. And we still close 40%. We still. Yes. I got phone call again. Ladies and gentlemen, 40% of the audience disappeared during that period of time. I got phone calls again last week from people who said I discovered you during the contra hearings. We still. That was in like June. That was in June. Ten of them. Yeah. Of phone calls. Think how many people there were if that's how many calls we've heard. Ten calls and there must have been at least a hundred. And of course the 80,000 people that we lost. No problem. You're never going to believe me on this. This is the one. This is the biggest disagreement you and I have. We must vehemently disagree on this point. Whether we should have carried Oli North. It's a mute point. Of course. mute. It's all over. It's mute. Yeah. Those were the guys who took the fifth. They were all mute. Moot. Moot point. I stay. We try to do try to get to be mute. Outside kick now. Yeah. We're going to do that. We're going to do that. It's a good time for the great thing. That's noodles. That's not a good time for the great thing. That's noodles. Yeah. That just sends me when he says that. He says it like nobody else says it. Thank God. And then spend deliest today. You know what is wrong with him? He inspects restaurants in Broward County. No wonder we got all this mong in a lot of the restaurant. That's his job. He's catching about the bagels of burger king and how they're soft and mushy. Doesn't he understand that everything they do they put into microwave. Yeah. I cannot put bread in a microwave without a becoming soft and mushy. Of course they could start with a greatest bagel in the history of mankind. By the time they put it in a damn microwave and it comes out like a glob of mong. They nuke it. Exactly. And then by a mongle. Not a bagel but a mongle. Boy a bagel with sausage and cheese. My grandmother is spinning in her grave. I'm thinking about that. Me too. I'm spinning above unbelievable. Talk about trief. No one in Broward once talked to you at all. It was flashing him in the go. They thought I was going to take call. But Dave Kelly's they're filming at the mouth to talk to you and report to you on the other. So in other words you chased away to Broward audience while I was away. And it's going to take about 10 days to get him back. Don't blame me. I haven't been here for 10 days. Now they're back now. Yeah. Shall we punch him up? Yeah. Let's punch a few up this hour. Be my guest he says. Dave Kelly. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Welcome back. Hey. What do you got to set up sounds really good? Hey. When you got to get to think of your legs. What do you mean what have I got against it? It's fine. I own an LN lost 42 dollars there. Was a moral victory. Why does the deck get from co-for-folder down there? Oh that's true. Now I wouldn't want to do that top of your legs. Dave. It was definitely a rig. You say you were a down a bat. You must have been a rat just there. You can send Steve Gaffleon and Michael Lee there together on the same bus. Go ahead sir. Don't let me interrupt you. You have been a rat to do everything. Yeah. Do you ever know what the anti-smoking laws are there? No. Because I don't smoke. Or are you lucky? Only these cigars in here. And that's because we like to blow the smoke into the continuity department. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Good call to start. That was excellent. Guys, brain dead. You were rotters derogged. Have you trouble what the anti-smoking law? Yeah. Let's do a couple of hours on that huh? That's a big thing up there. What is it really? What is it? Can't spoken restaurants. They're very militant about that. Well, just not only there. Yeah. It's kind of like an Detroit. The anti-sex laws in Detroit. Don't even think about it. I'm serious. They do not do it in Detroit. That's their version of population control. They just don't do it. Broward, hello. Hello. Yes. Who sounds like Bob Lassiter. No, no. Absolutely not. Thank God. Who is this? Is this Kyle? Yeah. Oh, Kyle. Is Neil taking calls? Yeah, do you want to talk to him? Yes, I don't. You know, sit here for four hours. We'll put you on first. Okay. Hello. What am I getting the feedback? I've right directly to the show. You're on right now. Listening to his radio. Yeah. I've got one. Don't listen to your radio. You're a veteran. You know better than that. Well, I didn't know I was going to get put on. Isn't like a W.S.H. where they have no delay. Right. Where is that? You're asking. Yeah. Sagina. Right by the West. What's that? Did you go out to Saginawa to see the police fly? Oh, yeah. Sure. Did you go to apply the Delhi at least? No. Neil. Help that. I got to white castle. I got to hell out of that town. That place is a lot of the economy island. No. That town is finished. Forget it. The only place I went. The only good part in that town was the embassy. Sweet hotel where I stayed, which is sensational. Is it really? I should never have left the hotel. That is the greatest hotel chain in the history. They give you a whole suite. You can have. You can have the whole lion's football team in there for brunch. I mean, it's incredible. Does Dick Perton still have Lou with him? Lou. I thought the guy's name was Tom Ryan. No, no. Lou is engineer. Oh, I don't know. He's got like, like, a half dozen people with him. Do that show. It's incredible. It's funny as he used to be. He's as good as ever. He's hysterical. He's properly beside you. One of the funnier guys on the radio. I would say that. Yeah. I welcome back. Good to have you back. By the way, somebody did call. I think while you were gone wanting to know why when he dialed. 1,800 foot, but nobody answered. That's true. That's true. Someone did dial that. Well, then be rated. Glenn Hill for giving out the wrong number. Okay. That was an accurate call. We'll get a two for one. We can get a surgery on Joey Reynolds vocal cords. And to make you Jewish at the same time. Maybe they could do a skin transplant. Have you thought about that? Listen, you're laughing, but I'm serious. There's something to think about the miracle of modern medicine. They could probably take that little, do I dare say, four skin. And I do mean little. And they could graft it under Joey's vocal cords by the end of the show. He could sound like Bob Lyseter. Oh, I'm so depressed. The sky is falling. The sky is falling. The world is coming. Oh, God. You're so wonderful. We love to hear you say the sky is falling. We love being depressed. What if his demographics are as good in the Tampa is they were over here. He's been 90. He's got to stay there. That's the ultimate one. Yeah. That's the ultimate one. You know, since he's been there, the Tampa Saint Peter is number one in the suicide right in the whole country. That's no coincidence. That is not a coincidence. Absolutely not. Directly linked to his show. And now that he's on a station that's got a signal where people can hear him. There will be people jumping from the tops of tall buildings. Area five minutes in Tampa Saint Pete. It'll be incredible. You'll think Superman is moving to the town. Hello, Mr. Will. They're going to be just leaping onto the streets onto the causeway all over the place. It'll be exciting. One of the new stadium. I can't wait. It ought to be really good. You're right. Brower County. No, it's not. We're coming up the news. They have no interest in the show anymore. None. That's not what a real listening was Sandy. Well, she fits in. Oh, Sandy. I tell you one thing, boy. You think radio is bad in this market and it is. But up north. It is so desperate to try to find anything. I'll tell you, WHAM and Rochester 50,000 watts. 50,000 watts. And at one o'clock any afternoon, here comes Sally Jesse with her stupid glasses. Oh, boy. And Sally has got a little recording that she made saying, don't call us now. Call us tonight if you like talk to us because this is pre-recorded. And they play the same crap that you'll hear a 10 o'clock at night on that station. And on this one and some others, embarrassingly so. And people are saying, hi, how are you tonight, Sally? I have a want to talk to you after noon. Great. So they've got six hours of the day filled up with that. And it's just, it's embarrassing. I mean, this business is just reaching new lows from coast to coast. Speaking of which, talk about desperate channel 10. Yesterday previewed the new show, Haraldo. Yeah. At 10 a.m. Speaking of desperate. There's hope for all of us. I'm telling you, my. I'm going to wind up on network TV. No problem. Are you going to do is be able to speak a little bit. Not a lot. My goal is here with the headlines. And again, we thank him profusely for the incredible job. The indescribable job that he did on my vacation. I was just going to say, speaking of bad radio. I took your show Monday. Good. And did my part to drive the audience away. And we understand you had a great job. And then we'll come back after CBS News at 11 o'clock. Hello. I'm Frank Bartholks. And this here's my partner Earl James. Since I had it been your an Earl head in orchard, we got the idea to make us a refreshing new one cooler that you might like to try. It don't taste no different than the other really. But my partner Earl here says that if I were this here, a flannel shirt and talk sort of awkward and country like, you'll think we're just a small struggling company and won't even notice how we're spending laying to dollars advertising on the TV. Well, yes, what? Our sales are gone through the route and we appreciate you so gullible. So, thanks so much for your support. Bifles and James winefulers, decepto California. Here's a great letter. The mail is beginning to trickle in. I see there's like a box full of mail out there. Oh, boy. Probably not for us though. But the way Martha got a great letter from Martha. Martha and she says, Glenn did very well, but yesterday talking about FM and music was boring. Guess he had an attack of leaf-fouder right-ass. But we did take a poll one day. You took a poll? Well, the city's going through it. You took a poll? Yeah. Okay, let's take a poll. Should I do the show tomorrow or should Mike Spendell come and do the show? That's a good poll. Oh, we love you, Mike. Get one, the foe. Go on with it. Do it. Get it over with. That hour that he did on Sunday that was one of the best hours I've heard in a long time. Wow. Because all those people were calling it in ripping. It was great. You're barring, Mike. Get off here. Thank you very much. You know. It was good. Yes, you Americans steal. We behavior is better stop visiting Miami. You are both douchebags. You ones. This is addressed to me in Stan from the Bahamas. Great. From one of our roster friends in the Bahamas. You're a, you're a sincerely ABCDEFG. P.S. And know this is not Pindling's paper. What does that mean? Evan Bevin's of London and they've got it like black down but not a very good job. Two Americans were just recently convicted for attempting to smuggle cocaine through the Bahamas. Please tell the folks, don't bring their drugs here. Leave it in America. With a smiling face. Okay, you idiot shot there. Get on those cruise ships and go to the Bahamas or get on those airplanes and go and leave your heart or money in the Bahamas. Trust me. Knock it off. Take it out to Calder because you're going to have to make up the deficit for might not be in there and that could be a very vast sum. Also have a letter today and update from the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. Wow. Remember the invitation I got to attend the press gathering? Sure. Mr. Neil Rogers, the Papal Visit Office is finalizing the seating of invite teas for the address by Pope John Paul II of the Communications Leaders of the Nation. Our record showed that you've not responded to your invitation from Archbishop Roger Mahoney to attend this event. In accordance with normal Papal Security procedures, your invitation will be assumed as an RSVP know and your name will be removed from our list if we haven't heard from you by Wednesday September 9th. Well, they got to tell them I ought to do it. Please make your response on the RSVP card and closed in the Archbishop's letter or by personal letter directed to the Papal Visit Office at the above address. If you have any questions, please call Jan Fembro at the Papal Visit Office. Area code 213-251-3586. That's Area code 213-2515-3586 for a Jan. I wonder if that's a guy or a girl? I don't know from Jan and D. Why would they think you would want to go to LA to see the Pope when the Pope is coming to Miami? Why would you need to fly to California? Oh, there'd be a lot more interesting people out there. Well, that's why the way I have a little tip for you. The trollers in our listening audience, you're not going to believe this. The best looking people in the United States, you're going to lie on when I say this. No doubt. Live in the Tavian New York. That's ridiculous. It's not ridiculous. It sounds ridiculous. It's not ridiculous. Every good herd of. It's a town of about 20,000 people. Every herd of. And I've always been astonished at how strikingly good looking all the people there were. And when I went to Bantavia down serving, I were had never cashed to take it in my life up until my vacation. And I won every night. Every night. It's obvious to spot a boat race. And it's just amazing to me. Of course, they have in all states, but Florida, miners can go to the track. People of all ages, a lot of young people. They're of all ages. Right. In fact, they have a nursery there. It would've got to look very familiar. He must've been flying back and forth by jet. Let's see, six o'clock. Yeah. The Concord could've got him there in time for post time at 7.30. They've got to do something about that in Florida. They really do. They need to allow miners. Right. I think that's a track. Yeah. Not as long as Governor Moore taxes in telehassy. And silly man. There's no reason. Are you attacking the governor now? My old people. Our wonderful, pious, religious born again, douchebag. Is he coming down? Does Governor go over here? I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. But they sounded so bad. Technically, didn't they? The whole setup sounds really strange. Shut up, Polaroid? Oh, here they are. Flash. Thank you so much. I say a Tampa radio station. A Tampa radio station. Oh, but it's not the one. It's a real radio station. Oh, you already cute. Q105. You want to? Yeah. A real station. Number one. Mr. Gloom and Doom is on. This is number one. Oh, I'm so impressed. A Tampa radio station is taking a swipe. Governor Bob Mortax is as and as consumer services tax this morning, the Q Zoo. Oh, that's original. The morning team at WRB Q radio gave away its first role of Bob Martinez toilet paper. Each sheet of the paper has a picture of Martinez and the slogan wipeout services taxes Q Zoo Tampa Bay. Excellent. I like that. Broadcasters, Shana Stevens. That's interesting. What? Shadow. Shana Stevens. Shadow Stevens. It's a misprint. My little confused here or what? Broadcasters, Shana Stevens says the station has hundreds of roles to give away to listeners who call it the right time. I wonder what the right time would be. The 5% consumer services tax is proven very unpopular and is the subject of legal action and a scheduled special session of the legislature later this month. The places a 5% tax on most professional services including legal work accounting and advertising, medical services are not taxed. Our team has been the main supporter of the tax saying it's needed to support the increased demand for state services credit, Shana Stevens, WRB Q Tampa. Well if it's shadow Stevens, how come they have misprinted twice? I must be wrong. You wrong? Kutspost. You are wrong. It's possible. Did you hear that? We're not. It's not probable. It's not probable. It's September the 8th, 1987. He said, I could be wrong. It's possible. We'll call Bob and find out. Some disturbing stories from people out on the atrium about some of the shows you did while I was gone. Like what? I don't know. They just very distraught. They said, don't ever do it again. No way. You're making that up. You're making that up. Would appreciate a bunch of all your tongue and cheek songs. I hope the erection song is in there. Is that on a tank? No. It's not on a tank? No. Why are we censoring the tapes that we sent out now too? We just never put it on there. There you go. Great. What is that? A sur-tron? What are they call those? Those are about the cheapest cassette. You see the guy's name? The middle name is his middle name. The Duke. Yeah, the Duke. Okay. And also I'm close to photograph of a big poster here. I love John Paul George and Ringo, which reminds me when are these people going to stop with those John 3 16 signs? Every sporting event for like the last 10 years that's on television, you see these morons running around John 3 16. First of all, what the hell does that mean? I don't know. Was anybody know what the verse is? I've never looked it up. I think if you look it up in the Bible, it says, when one for the Gipper something. Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah, it's serious. By the way, those are all gone. State County. Hello, stickers. Hello. You're good morning. How are you? I'm okay. You sound very depressed. Have you been talking to Bob last that her sir? I'm hearing you talk about it all the time. Oh, okay. I will never mention his name again. Anyway, people around there have done they've attempted to do some sort of a job while you're gone. But you know how hopeless it is. Like a Chinese fire grill. Yeah. Even their accents were changing in the slightly chieftain. Yeah, don't give me started on Michael Lee again, will you please? Who's that? A jockey. Oh, there's lots of jockey. They change their names at the world. I think Michael Lee and Steve Gaffley on are the same jockey. I think they get that room full of all those small people. It's hard to keep track of me or I. You're absolutely right. The only one you can tell is Mike Gonzalez because he keeps winning all those races. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. Thank you. That was a good call. It was just a call. He just wanted to touch base. Now why? Oh, that's happening because of me again. Okay. I keep doing that. I haven't been here for a long. You know, I've only been here for three and a half years and I don't know how to do this stuff. I'm impressed though by that second phone. It looks great. Does it work? Yeah. Is it hooked up to the speaker phone? No. You know, and what we have finally we have an intercom. We'll never have. Or that instrument. We can call almost sexual. Yeah, we can call Jeff Gonser and we can call people in the building. Can we really? Which we never were able. We can call like Nancy. The week call now. But we couldn't put it on the air. So what the hell good is that? I think it comes to the message. 71. Well, we'll go. We'll go all over the station. It says we're. What does that mean? 135. It says we're extension 135. Is there anybody out there who's following any of this? Do you have any idea what that means? It's a little. I think I'm 135. Dial 71. Oh, okay. Dial 71. So we'll esoteric. But we can't put it on the air anyway. So it's going to be really exciting. We'll make a little noises. Hello? Hello? Hello? This could be. Is this page? Oh, great. Oh, we're pageing. We're just testing. Excuse me. Wait a minute. Okay, can you hear us? Hello. Oh, over the building. Let's go. That'll teach him to turn on the FM. Turn off that FM. Now. That's good. I like that. That was excellent. Wake him up out there. It's 11.18 at WI and Z. We're going to get these calls so far. Have been kind of like comatose. Have been. What have you done to my audience? I generally, they sound awake and bright and vibrant and alert. They all sound like they're, they've been listening to Sandy or something. Yeah, to blame her. Don't point your finger at me. Yeah, but if they've been listening to Sandy, there must be a reason for it. Don't you understand? It's always amazing. This transference of blame. I don't want to mention any name. The story, the true story will come out over the four hour. You know what time it is? It's 11. It's a good time for the great days. Come on, Neuralist in this morning. I'm going to have to turn him on again tomorrow. I'm going to hurt Joey DuHist thing. Yeah, I miss, and his thing is never going to change. I miss Neural's also, and I feel wonderful today. They heard me in the atrium. Good. Good. Well, they're going to hear a lot of me in the atrium. It's going to be like the voice of God is going to be talking on 71. Boy, they made him a steak when they put that in here. I'll tell you that. You're going to do it again. Okay. Okay, dial 71. Wait till it, yeah. Till it, what? It'll, you'll hear. Mix in. Yeah. Paging Rick Edwards. Paging Rick Edwards to the control room immediately. You're a man like it. Oh, I love that. That's a good idea. But at least if we can keep our eyes on him, then he can't do any damage. Good boy. Can't mess up any of the equipment. 20 minutes after 11 a.m. You, Y and C by the way, I'm listening on Friday before we take the break. I'm listening on Friday and Steve Sonsky, who was actually a good guest, which amaze me. Thank you. By the way, when is jica coming on? When he gets back to tell you, he won't be back in town. You're wrong. He was on MBM the other night. He is back. I'll call him this after you are just so negligent in your duties. It's unbelievable. I'll call him. You don't have any guests anymore. But for jica, we make an exception. Okay. Did I thank Fred Schatz by the way, her, was already at a great show. And he was talking about long penises or something. He was usual. You know, they don't get upset about that. Fred Schatz does it. If I talk about it all, but if Fred Schatz comes on and asks him, how long is penis? Is that okay? He did do that. That was a clinical, right? Yeah, he's a doctor. He can do it. Why do I do that? When your doctor Rogers, they'd be preached. If a priest had asked, then it would be okay. Absolutely. But anyway, back to Steve Sonsky. Oh, yeah. Listen to the show. Oh, holy. And the thing I enjoyed about it, the best is that you're my kept cutting out. And I like that feature of the show a lot. We was like a short in the mic switch or something. And you're my kept cutting out. I thought, boy, that's a good deal. I wonder if they're doing that on purpose. So what are they worried? Is it turned out? Yeah. Were they really? Try and tell me. Good. I think we're doing it again. I like it. 21 past 11 will come right now. I thought the sword even loves Neil Rogers. 25 minutes past 11 in WI and Z. And the Holy Father is going to be our guest on Thursday for about 15 minutes. That's right. Coming in bless the audience, bless Holy equipment so it doesn't fall apart again. That's correct. And check out everybody's parts. Right? Yep. So Dave Barry was good, huh? He was fine. And not the report I just got from upstairs. The report that I got from upstairs said that it was the most embarrassing episode in the history of talk radio. Neither of whom was funny tried to be funny and that it was done right embarrassing. I disagree. See, the audience isn't going to give us an honest report because they have sympathy. What do you mean? You'll hear if you're sorry for you. Okay. We'll see what happens. See what happened. They don't want to start another thing with the SPCA. Like we did with the camps. They don't want to start another big deal about that. Now are the kids back in school today, by the way? Yeah. Thank God. Monday. I think I'm going to take the whole summer off from now on. I mean, there were a lot of good kids, but boy, I'll tell you the summer time is just incredible. They're incorrigible. I know. So they're all back in school. Including those in Kindle. They're all back. Including the ones who country walk, or back in school. Yeah. Well, Uncle Stan will be waiting for you when you get home. Okay. Let's take a call from Broward. Hello. Hi, how are you? Good. How you doing? Oh, good. Good. I know. I, well, Rochester, I understand. Yeah. Isn't that exciting? Did you go to Canada, what all? Yes, I did. Well, we're going to head up there on the 22nd of September. Well, you better take a lot of heavy clothing. That's all I can tell you. Is it really cold up there? Reising. Freezing. I mean, there were days when the high was like 62, 65, raining, bitter. In fact, I'm on a plane. I left Detroit because it was so cold and so nasty. And I flew over to Rochester, okay, the next day, which I go to Metro Airport by the way, and Eastern does not fly from Detroit to Rochester, so they eventually got on Northwestern, which had just crashed at Metro a couple of days before. And I get on Northwestern and I said, how do I get to the Northwestern ticket counter? I said, oh, it's in the other terminal. The other, the other terminal is like walking from Kendall to Tamarack. Okay, and I got my two heavy bags that I'm carrying. Yeah. I'm going to tell you that was an incredible experience. I get on a plane where about 100 miles west of Rochester, and you know how the pilot gives you a weather report. Right. He says, well, ladies and gentlemen, we're 100 miles west of Rochester. The weather there today is blustery and cold. I couldn't believe it. I mean, how can this be like in the last week of August? Well, see, that's what they get their winners, real early there. With a high of like 62. Well, did you get to cancel? You didn't even wear a candidate, go on. Yes, I did. And it was terrible. There's an Italian restaurant. I was going to go to Kurosos. Oh, you should have gone there. I should have gone there. And there's a place called the Ponzini's or... Palamini's. Palamini's. Right. And a place was jam packed and it looked like an Italian restaurant. I thought, gee, this looks like a great place. Yeah. And I went in there and I'm going to tell you on a scale of zero, it was horrendous. It was garbage. I've got a car holding, but let it ring. So how with them, what do they know? Probably had an Edmick man with your $10 million dollars. Don't worry about it. Really, I'm talking to somebody important this one. This call must mean nothing. Exactly. Well, anyway, Mike, well, because we've talked to you. You before, but my husband's daughter is ahead of the party, the party director for Kurosos. Hello? I'm here. Okay. But anyway. Edmick man is the one who will hung up. I've good, let him hang up. But anyway, we're heading out there. Yeah, the 20-second of September. We're looking forward to going back up there for a week. I'm telling you, take a lot of warm clothing. I'm not exaggerating. It is freezing. It's bitter. It's nasty. They don't, there is no summer anymore. They just band it. Oh, well, you know, they do that. Then they go through their like their Indians summer that lasts for like one week. Yeah, in October. In October, right? Did you make it to John and Bob? About 20-30 times. Well, let me tell you what happened when my husband was up there in June. They had a bunch of people at his sister's house. And they went out to get something to eat. They brought back 15 down in Bob hamburger. Probably. Nothing like it in the world. Now, somebody had a brain down here and of course not too many people do. But if anybody here had a brain, they'd get in touch with the people at own at place up there. And they would just duplicate it here. And I'm telling you instant millionaires. I guarantee of that. That's right. They would be. By the way, if I had a brain, I would do it myself and get out of this horrible business. Thank you. Why don't you? I should. Let me tell you something else that I heard this morning. You live still with implantations? Yeah. Well, do you know that you're going to have a neighbor out on what's brown or it's a weird area? The mayor of Miami is building a $1 million home out there in West Broward. You know, that's really peculiar that you should say that because about four or five months ago, I went to my bank, which is on Broward Boulevard. And I swore that I saw Xavier Swara's coming out of the bank. I was positive. In fact, I mentioned that on the air, remember? Yeah. And low and behold, it probably is true. It's probably taking all of that money out of Miami and moving it up into brown. How can the mayor of Miami live in Broward? Well, he's going to be building a $1 million home in for more than I understand. It's unbelievable. It's all under tight security because it's only like a few houses in the subdivision. Yeah, I'm sure. And you can't get in, of course, unless you have all these electronics things to get into it, everything. But yes, it's being built. And yes, he will be in it in the next five to six months. Huh. So you're going to have a nice neighbor out there and know you'll love it. Well, that'll be great. What do you say? I guess that's his second household. English, he lives in plantation. And when he wants to speak Spanish, he goes back to Miami. Right. Well, Neil, it's real good to have you back because you were greatly missed. Thanks a lot. Okay, good bye. That is incredible. I think my neighborhood wouldn't be speaking of incredible. And there was one interesting thing that happened at the track yesterday. Sitting there outside, sweating. I don't know why, Caltre and I went up there on the roof yesterday because lately we don't go up there. We go on the third floor. It's cool. And it's air condition. And I'm sitting up there and there were a few people by the way who were just, I mean, chronic. You know what I was saying? It's nice to come by and say hello. But anyway, no, boy. No, this is good. They wouldn't leave you. I'm sitting there and a guy comes over and says, hi Neil, how you doing? I wasn't paying much attention because a lot of people do that. And I said, you have great. And he says, I'm Jim Morris. And he shakes my hand. Now this is a kid that I grew up with. I haven't seen him in 27 years. And he and his wife were out there yesterday. And I hadn't seen them in 27 years. He's a doctor at Bennett Hospital in plantation. Wow. And they've got four beautiful kids. His wife and horse pulled all the pictures out. Mm-hmm. But that's neat. That's great. I gave my phone number and they live in plantation. We're almost like neighbors. Wow. Isn't that exciting? It is exciting. And it only cost me what? A few hundred dollars to do that yesterday. So that wasn't bad. No, seriously. Really, you know, I've talked a lot about going to class reunions. Yeah. And are you going to go to get three uniones coming up? A 99. I know. I'm going to. Pan and Dagwood Academy in upstate New York. And I'm going to go. Yeah. Well, I went to my 20. Because my friend I hadn't seen in 27 years. And to be honest with you, he looks basically the same now. Yeah. And it did that. Yeah. It looked the same. Yeah. They do. I went to my 20th last year. It was great. I had a wonderful time. In Leiclin. Well, was it an aviary? Yeah. Probably a bush gardens. Yeah. It's the only guy in all a sound flow that has his classroom union of the parish. Yeah. But through right, they look the same basically. Yeah. Yeah. It was one. That was good. That was a positive out of all the negative things that happened yesterday. Well, girls. The invocation was fine up until yesterday. And other than that experience and running into them, other than that, yesterday was an unmitigated disaster highlighted, of course, by the call from Bob last year. What a day. In fact, if I had it here, I would give Bob's home number out on the years. So everybody could call up, say, gee, Bob, what's this? We hear you're getting fired. What is that rumor all about, Bob? In column WFLA. Yeah. WFLA. We can get the call-in lines. Find out what time he's on. Sure. What a depressing guy. He really is. He is so depressing. Oh, Bob, we love you so much. We love being depressed together. OK, let's take a call from a dayd County here. See, I never put you up for some reason. Hello. I knew. See, there's the reason. No, just kidding. Go ahead, sir. Is it Bob? Are you doing? Bobi, I thought you were going by by, Bobi. Listen, Glenn. I really want to apologize. This guy messed up. What do you do? Our buddy, Bobi, messed up. What did he do? Well, he'll tell you. No, I got your plan and apology. Because he was going to give me some document tickets. And by the time I got to the station, he was too late and the gate was closing. And everything's right. Just turn back. Try apologize for not making it on time Glenn. You know how many people wanted those tickets? Yeah, I know. I apologize. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You mean for the bills game? Yeah. Friday night. I apologize for those people too. Do you know when I was up north, the press in Buffalo was attacking the bills with such tenacity. I mean, we're going crazy. They're having an nervous breakdown out there. They can't write enough bad things about how bad the bills are. So I don't want to be, you know, Mr. negative. But the fact that we destroyed the bills don't get too excited about that, okay? It doesn't write the dolphins anyway. Well, it's just a bite. Bobi had never written a what did he just said? He didn't like the dolphins. But he had never been to a football game in person. So we had some extra tickets to the game Friday night. So I gave him the Bobby because he's been there. Why did you give him the Bobby? Because he's helped us out. What is this that you and Bobby have been doing the We Don't Know About? There's there's something going on here that we don't know about. Well, I don't know, maybe. Oh, okay. So how is your trip? Service laughter, Bobi. How was your trip? Well, the only thing we want my trip was fine. We want to know about your girlfriend and if it's all ironed out. Yeah, that's fine. That's the parents. They're going at it. The parents. They're going at it. They're upset. Yeah, everybody. So I advise Bobby to go eat low. Well, I think maybe Bobby and Carlos could He loaf together. He's all over. All over women. Yeah. There he goes again. He's promoting you know what I'm there. He's promoting it. Yeah. I got to back to it. Does your girlfriend listen to the show? Go back to work. Does she listen? Oh, good. Do you hear what he said? Yeah, I know. Okay, Bobby, nice to hear from you. I thought right. Take a easy Bobby. He's okay. He'll be fine. He'll be alright. You will be. Why do you say those things? Why do you say these in sippin? Got all these ridiculous lines that you come up with. Everything's just fine. Everything is fine. That's just everything is great. I do that because it drives you crazy. Drive's everybody nuts. That's why I do it. The reason and most people find you so offensive and vulgar and grotesque and disgusting and subhuman. Look at those lines, boy. There's several lines. They're not lit. I'm going to give these numbers out again, boy. You're a dreamin'. It says you were so in sippin' last week. And kept. By the way, I noticed when Sonski was on and I did here a good part of that show. You were not cackling. It's only on this show that he cackles. Have you noticed that? He didn't cackle on his own show. And speaking of his own show, I heard that cart that we were playing at the beginning of each hour. It's the Glenn Hill show. And I thought, gee, I go away for 10 days and all of a sudden the name of my show changes. It used to be the Neil Rodgers show. But here comes the tea lady with the... It's the Glenn Hill show. Nothing to worry about. Nothing to worry about. That's for damn sure. A broward, hello. How you doin' Neil? Okay, what's up? Oh, you're absolutely right about Dave Barry in the bird. He was caramelized. Oh, wow. Oh, I didn't even hear it. Had I turned on Jeff Charles, I was just one and only call it for this. That is getting desperate. It was just awful. And I can't believe the Glenn did give away the buffalo. Here I am up for buffalo. I've been a buffalo built fam for the last 15 years. No, this is one of the AFS on the title back in the 60s. Otherwise, you really would have to. I'm just excited to get on the line. And what happens? It gives it away to his little friend. This must be the guy who's gonna vote for Jeff. You're the guy that's gonna vote for Jackie Kempa. That's right. I mean, you know, I'm gonna go fam from all the way. Otherwise, you really have to. I was so named for getting Darryl Ammonica. Oh, isn't that the truth? Darryl Ammonica, the juice here, it was great. Yeah, it was. But we're still struggling through a Jim Kelly in the rest of the bumps up there now. So we just weren't. I'll tell you one thing. The media up there is not just hostile. They're hysterical. They're foaming at the mouth. They're ready to have a lynch mob attack the team. I went up there not too long ago. My sister-in-law runs a, yeah, on the restaurant up there's a those come over to all the time. And they've been built fans for years and they just, it's just, you know, after you go for a 10 like or a 4 and 12 like 6, 7 years and a row, you know what, there's no hopeless. In fact, the rumor going around Buffalo is that they don't want to take any credit for them. They're going to start calling them the Orchard Park bills. That's right. If they wanted to call them the Orchard Park bill for a long time now. Yeah. And then it'll be the Fredonia New York bill. Well, we got the Engelwood or something ram now. So it's, it's, it'll fall into place. Yeah. Great to have you back, Neil. Don't go away anytime soon because we can't stand the bird. Okay. Thank you. Good taste. Excellent choice. And great taste and contemporary talk. Dave County. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on a second. All right. Okay. Here's a guy with a speaker phone listening to his radio in the time tunnel all together. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? What kind of a phone are you on? What kind of phone when he said? 18. Oh, or Chirdo's in sound like it. The me. Sounds like it's catchy. And now I think it's about on its last leg. I don't know if it's true about the. I did it. Put it in your microwave for about two minutes on high. And high? Yeah. All right. I'm just kidding. Well, I can't help it when I get some more money off by a new phone. Okay. All right. So how is your trip? Right. You know, everyone missed it. And I don't know if I think the people that replaced, they should have just played great pieces of the Iran culture. Well, I'm glad you mentioned, by the way, about repeats because I heard an ugly rumor from somebody in this room the other day that during Christmas week, we've been gathering all of these hours, the best of Neil that we were going to play. Yeah. And then there was some comment that I heard the other day, but we're having a problem with that. What is the problem? Because a lot of the material that's on those tapes is dated is, well, it's not dated. It's not allowed to be played anymore. You know, because of Gilbert's in and so forth, to we have a question of whether we can play him or not. We have to go back and check him. To see if we have to censor those hours. Well, I don't know if the asshole record got on here once during Christmas week, somebody's having nervous breakdown. It's not that we went out to that degree. It's not my, it's that subservient. Are we that nervous? Are we that frightened for our jobs? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Oh, no. Unbelievable. Is it incredible, sir? Spinelessness and gutlessness. Yeah. Well, that's how I heard that also. So they're talking about that, you know. Yeah, we have a new slogan. It's called Wimp with success. And what's that supposed to mean? Is that you cutting yourself down? Yeah. Is it Glenn? I'm not sure what you took aside it yourself or had to go Glenn. Not of me. All right. All right. Guys, pretty good. I like that laugh. Yeah. You like my laugh. Yeah. Stand by, sir. You could be, you could have a job within a few days. Yeah. Oh, no. I can, what? You do a discarted and we just, you know, Yeah. Real teeth. Yeah. You give you. Yeah. You give residuals. Yeah. Like the Iraq and Rebels did on Wild Weekend. She has. Oh, what about? What do we anybody out there who wants to call sheet of Mar on Ask Joey Pinto? How come the, why the Iraq and Rebels, not, never got a dime for that record. I'd be interested in the answer to that. You're the carnivorous. Yeah. Exactly. Because I have listening to him this morning. The first time I let's go, like frankly, it's the last time I've ever listened to. Okay. He's pretty exciting. You give this big build up like he's going to do something funny. And then it's not funny. You know, you listen for like 10 minutes. And you think something hysterical is coming up. And then it's just, you know, he plays somebody blowing gas or something. And that's it. Well, he said, you know, instead of being here. I'm going to say farting. I know. I know. What's that? No, um, um. Let me ask you a question. Yes. How old are you? I'm 22. Old enough to know better. John Soe, who's he asked to call the other callers have been, all of the other callers have been, all of the other callers have been, all of the other callers have been kind of Pometheus. Well, well, you have residuals there. Yeah. Something that a Joey never had. You know, there's this people here that are from somewhere else. You know, they just were, they're probably, you know what they are? I'll tell you what it is. You know, no one knows you're back in town except the people who listen to Joey show. And then the callers today, some people that used to listen to you there. Yeah. One of the other people are listening to Sandy now. Yeah. Right. I'm there mobile phones. Well, listen, have a wonderful life. Alright. And stand by. We may call on you one of these days soon. Alright. We can now. Okay. Okay. See you later. Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opa Laca, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Unbelievable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just saying no to El Herald, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral times. You know, big infants who say, oh, no. How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing, sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bad boys at Windixing? You know, it doesn't hurt the luck. Incredible. Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got a night? A night? What's the father got? Three points on things? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In caribote 105. Permanent. Unbeel-eval. What is that? They're format he's talking about. Only kidding, not. Don't get sensitive over there. Don't get sensitive. A lot of people on FM and this market get very sensitive. Yeah. Like some of the other random of this ball. That was incredible this morning. What happened? Yeah. Oh, boy. They have that look of panic. Here, panic. You know, especially first day back from vacation. And they see me walking through the FM at about a quarter to ten panic in the studio. I mean, Jean Cashman pressed that button and turned table cranked up from 16 to 78 RPM. She was spinning around like a draderly was incredible. Peter was not smiling. No. It were greener than the Adrian running around. He was not smiling. And I'm not going to worry about releasing another week. Because Giro went off to Anaheim to some convention out there to some Mickey Mouse convention and Anaheim. And there's nothing to worry about. And maybe what it is. With him out of town, we're not going to make the format change for least another week. So what are they concerned about? They've got at least a week's security, which is more than most people in this business. Like an IOD. They have week's security, W.E.A.K. Maybe they're going to change your call. It is. Wouldn't that be a great call for that station? W.E.A.K. Week radio. Terrible. Shame on you. Shame on you. They'd count. Hello. Oh, I know there's somebody there. Hello? Yes. I know it. I could tell you. I could feed your presence. Yeah. I'm so waiting for the return of Circus Boys, the television program. Yeah. I go out with the Mickey Dolan Teriyelofante. Yeah. Rific. I'm Neil. Number one. Glad to have you back. Number two. I would like to see if you could give a plug to the rallies. It's going to be going on down. It's a bit of a guy up. Yeah. He's so sneaky. I'm sitting here. Always waiting for Kyle to answer the phone. No, Kyle is not answering the phone today because if we don't want to get him off on a wrong foot. But anyway, I was unprepared because, you know, I was sitting here watching somebody across the street. I think it was a pope. It's vise or anyway. Did he have a dress on? Yeah. But it's not white. And did he have a young altar boy at his side? Blonde. One. A brunette. Okay. Don't kind of a backup if you pardon that expression. All right. You go with that. Okay. Let's see what you've got to do. That's the rally that's going to be held at the practice plan. The rally for life. And that the sky of station will be open for this embarkment to the rally at the practice plan. This embarkment boy. That's a great term, isn't it? I spend a lot of time at the next communication. I've spent a lot of time this year. Okay. I'll show you. I'll show you. I'll show you. Listen. I just want to get that across. I have the radio station to call. The rally will be on schedule. Five to nine. And it's going to be with your good friends. But. Oh. Yeah. You notice I didn't say that until after. Oh, until after you got it all out. Yeah. But it's not seriously on a serious approach. What is he going to be doing there? I'm dressing up like the Pope. You're going to have a dress on. I think there's going to be a lot of the standard doing that. But there's serious play. There'll be a lot of guys with must-at little must-at-ashes and dresses on. It ought to be real interesting. I'm on Neil. You know, I said, you know, just put your own. It's there if you're home. I listen. I'm very glad you're back. What do you mean my own? Do I have to take credit for all those clones that are going to be down there with their dresses on? Come on. Well, you know, there's, you know, I see a lot of straight guys and no offense plan. But I see a lot of straight guys to get gay guys like me. And that's because there's no whimpy. Yeah, that's true. Do you know what I mean? Well. Either they're very, they're very whimpy or they're putting on a good act. One of the other. Let me say, listen, thank you for letting me say that and I'm very happy you're back. Okay, give Bob a big kiss for me. I'm the cheek only. Okay, it's the 12 minutes before noon at WI and Zee. We're going to take another break here in spite of what those rumors are in Tampa. Good. And if anybody out there has last hitters home number, because I left it at home, please call in immediately. He went away and you'll see around. He probably had been on it. I was the one with you. He's the thing that just broke very tight. My boy, friends, back and you're gonna be in trouble. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? When you say you're coming back or head out off the downboard. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? You've been spreading this joke that I was untrue. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? I look out down baby because it's coming out to you. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? You keep going but you've been trying. The two of them will be kidding around. He's the guy who's such a hard time. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? Hey, mom, hey, mom, hey, mom, hey, mom, hey, mom. You're gonna be for the rest of your life. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? I think I'm gonna be a good boy. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? No, if I wasn't seeing you. You're gonna take a beating, you're a big boy. No, but you'll cut you down the fly. I hate you. I hate you and all you just think of a lot. You're gonna take a beating. My God, you look the way my heart is shaking. Hey, mom, hey, mom, what were you doing? I'm so glad you're doing but yesterday on your permanent administration. Hey, mom, hey, mom, how are you doing? I can see you having, see really what I got in your deal with started running. You're a big boy now but as you down the side To fight me, it has to be your gut for all your hateful eyes My boy friend, back to the Vista, there's a lot of trouble My boy friend, back to ya ya ya ya I'm gonna be your future, I'm gonna be your future Don't you come to me, I'm gonna be your future But don't feel like you've been being done I will just have to send from the Pop Information Center at Metro Dade The Pop is gonna be on Friday morning at 10 a.m. viewing What are you laughing about? I haven't even said it yet He's gonna be screening a private showing With Archbishop McCarthy in Munsenior Wall Of Jeff Stryker in Power Tool I was laughing because I knew what was coming So to speak They'd county hello They'll speak Speaking This is Neil Yes it is Oh, all right Turn that radio off Okay, okay, I'm everything about Tom Jacka that you said you heard him With Sam Geister I didn't say I heard of my heard that he was gonna be on was that on tape? Yeah Oh, I think he's back tomorrow I think he's coming back to remember He was on you up He was one Saying all kinds of hours he's saying was about you Sam Geister, the guy with a false teeth? Yep Unbelievable It was I got on the phone at least I'm out of these 10 minutes of intelligent conversation with him Wow You mean Tom wasn't defending me? Tom was on the fence Right sir Saying with guys and guys who were close from pretty good verbiage Yeah, well that's a good station I'll tell you Well, I know I had it was when when when there was nothing else on the rea Good breeze me that I was desperate listening to that one Yeah, well, glad you could pick it up Oh, you read my listen to because the second thing I heard I just marked was Neil Rogers Yeah, well, that's good And you're dirty I always loved Sam I'm glad to back dirty She cleaned up his beard and we're in the other way Okay, thanks a lot Bye bye Sam Geister is picking on me now too Well, you read that By the way, the article by Aron Sacks Because somebody else had a copy to me was in the Browered review Oh, okay All right Just get it straight I'm working on that Get the information right with Ike Ron again for just absolutely profusely Tinkling All over my shoes Browered hello Well, Neil Yeah He doesn't know Yes, it is Well, see what? Welcome back You're a well-messed. I'm sitting here working on this political cartoon I just wanted to invite your input Who is this, Don Wright? Hello Hello I'm sitting here looking at this. What can it be? It's almost finished, but I wanted to share with you because you may have some dynamite input that would help it Yeah The background is the queue line for the early bird of the rescue house And depending if your attention is focused on three individuals And one of them is a pope The second one is Lee Fowler, kind of with his shoulder turned, you know, counting his cash to make sure he's got any of that code Yeah And the third person is Ron Jorzky Now the cash reads Lee Fowler takes two poles at the same time Ha ha ha ha It's not bad Well, I'm not going to make t-shirts, but I feel like You know, you can help me, you make it any better No, that's perfect Good Then let's enjoy the week and stay off the stream Okay Okay, see you later Yeah, you know, the time of the town for two whole days for a guy in a dress I keep saying that, but it's incredible I mean if a guy came into your neighborhood running around with a dress in a biniot And you'd call a cops, it arised them immediately, right? Ha ha, probably There was a guy on the sunset, for example running around with a dress on in a bini Well, and waving a spear, you know, on bullet You think that either he was a metal case or he was on his way to a sanorier Or ritual in West Highly I want to be another That question about it And I would point him in the direction of Highly Okay Well, you've been waiting for this for seven weeks Seven weeks ago today On a Tuesday, no less You started this and movie review and we're going to finish it Well, we start on this radio station, we finish Right That's what Bob Gilbertson said, you're all finished But unfortunately, it's time for the news Is it unfortunate? Got a lot of those sick queens out there, were they just every time they hear that music And then we start with that river Phoenix crappling You know, this little kid he's about six years old A lot of these pederists in his audience Did Fred shots address any of that when he was here I mean, I was straight in some of those people out there So he talked about foot fetishes, but he didn't talk about petrphelia Or petrphelia Petrphelia Petrphphilia Yeah, exactly Those are people who are afraid to pick the pedals on Daisy Right Right Or other restorative flower, which we'll mention in the next hour My wolf is back with the headlines CBS has the prestigious world news at the top of the hour Minus the whirlpool spot And we'll come back in 12 months I guess people would talk about two radio stations after 10 o'clock in the morning The wolf 12 o'clock at WINZ And the Michael Jackson seems to be everywhere, isn't he? He's on the cover of People This Week Which we just got in the mail And what was that other thing you were showing me about R&R And when I was in Rochester there were all these articles Because the album had just come out In fact all the stations in Detroit were playing And claiming to be the first ones playing it Right And the questions in the articles were in fact Every article said basically the same thing The album is good But what about the way he looks Yeah What about what about the way he looks like a mannequin He doesn't look like a real And all the black kids in Rochester that they interviewed So we don't want to be identified with him Because he looks a little too swishy for us Do you know what I'm saying? Do you believe he's proposed to Elizabeth Taylor? If you're at that removed? What? Marriage? Have you heard that? Who the hell proposed? Exactly What are they going to do? Rub their jewels together? He has a shrine to her in his house Did you hear that? Really And he has a big screen TV that runs Elizabeth Taylor movies 24 hours a day Do you hear all that? He's in the bubble Yeah Well he's in the tank with the oxyb with the Michael Jackson glove And all it says in this two page colour full colour ad And our narry all it says is bad Michael Jackson Yeah Three words Three words Yeah he peeped How do you think? Three words in the world How do you think? How do you think? Yeah the album is okay Is it? Yeah And it's not black Yeah I've heard the title It doesn't what? What did he say? I think that could have been actionable What did he just said? Don't you? How do you like to be the sidekick on a joy-pinto show? Oh, don't even kid about that Don't even joke around And you know the demo is like one step away from an edcel Is it not what they always said? And I want to thank the people at the wave Even though I haven't read it yet I'd like to look at that on the front To cover with a big drawing or whatever that is Nice, so it's drawing, very nice Off the air with Neil Rogers And also the pop and O' Ledger Man we have made it We've made it Okay Screw the Harold and all these other Nicholene-Dine publications What the... What the... Rowered What was it? The pop and O' Ledger Oh the other one for Oh the Browered Review Review Yeah And now the pop and O' Ledger Lead editorial Shock radio has an audience Oh I like that remembering body To biography of Buddy Holly Yeah I'm gonna play you some Buddy Holly on the stand Major show today, by the way That'll be different That'll be the day Last week Neil Rogers of WINCAM began battling With a listener from this area who apparently Disagrees with Roger Shock Radio format Roger's claimed that the listeners had formed a group That contacted WINC's advertisers and urged them to stop Supporting the program If the protester believes that the Neil Rogers program is juvenile Statological, leering and dripping with sexual Inuendo we agree On the other hand Ten's if not hundreds of thousands choose to listen in And a simple fact is Roger's is dominating the radio business with his approach You may find it ugly Or wonderful That is your right It is also Roger's right to continue And it is a right that must be protected Regardless of personal preference Makes sense What the hell are you doing over there Just opening the mail Like a frantic animal The desire to dominate and control the thinking of others is an all-too-common human Failing In the 1950s this nation went through an ugly period of McCarthy Is a net left a stain on the noble efforts of a generation that risked all to fight Naziism In the 1980s more subtle efforts by anti-war interest to suppress films That deal with a treatment of POWs by American enemies in Vietnam Has stained the efforts of those legitimately opposed to war And national violence The founders of this nation wisely allowed for divergent beliefs of opinions, attitudes and philosophies They clearly understood that majority rule could easily become in slavemen of the minority Such suppression would inevitably breed Revolution under the destruction of the American democratic experiment Under our system the best yet devised by our tumultuous species Species species It is important What are you doing over there? The man is just totally in a dream world And I could throw any word in here It doesn't make any difference It could have said it's a good time for the great pace I'm listening to every word you say The best yet devised by our tumultuous species It is important to remember that the opinions of others need not be honored But they must be protected From those seeking to silence them if we are to continue as a free nation How do I get that? From the pop and o' ledger I heard very word Excellent. Look at this letter I got and be sure to read the last thing in it The word blend, temporary otalk news WPLP, David Foller, described as a manic depressive but is considered very nice Jack Wheeler receives a lot of negative comments Rick Marin, who's some right to him as moron He's the new kid on the block replacing Bob Lassiter Joey Reynolds is playing the i95 song on WSHG Sir, he's playing the i95 asshole record I also heard he was playing the beach boys all day But I have not heard either one of those How can he do that? I don't know But that's what we had a caller Say that to us last week And now we get a letter that says playing the i95 song I don't know Just reports We use our guns guns But we're driving down the streets of the lake We're driving down the streets of the lake When I drive around I go out to the people day I've come back late at night With my family's all splattered red And we're on the lake in the most And I'm in a mountain of gold I want to shoot a hundred glass to fight off the road And I'm running away with my hand gun shoot shoot on the Shoot a hundred shoot shoot on the Shoot a hundred yes, blast it off the road He's in me buddy got a man All across LA It all be pulling their guns up On the old freeway It's been firing a few weeks For some share of the ladies Everybody's gone crazy Driving in a lane I think you're part of it Do I know jury Clifton? Yeah, no You know jury Clifton? Yeah, obviously No, the right idea Nice be the PD of 96x Who cares? What about him? He's just saw his picture here with you know buzzbennet Yeah Buzz looks like he's been buzzed a few times Two minutes Yeah, looks like he's been hanging around with Robby Young Yeah, that's what they Yeah, what about him? This is the audience care about these in things All these radio people and nobody ever heard of before Nobody wants to hear of? Yeah, okay Date County hello Hi, are you? Yes sir Hi, I'm a six time quality You know I'm nervous Okay, okay Anyway, how the how was your trip? Okay Oh, that's great Oh, anyway, I want to tell you my express Did look like the Pope Does that make any sense? Was your dress as big as his was? Is I think it was a loose shorter Okay Anyway, the other day I was going out this game bullet blood, right? And I rented his uh, the story, am I allowed to say that? No No, okay Okay, okay I guess you must have been full Anyway, look, you have a Good man talking about that That's that non-secretist Yeah That's secretist That's great I'll see you around the old Okay, thanks a lot, founders Tom like his calling from Phoenix That's what he was Good, hello Yes sir Good to have you back Thank you so much I know you're a depressed this day We're hearing from last year And going to call everything But there was a group that was one more depressed than you've started Who's that? The Gator fans Good Good Good I say we were we were at the game We were at the game we were at a good time But we were our army people And about eight minutes ago they were off Leaving the stadium And they were at the depressed group Really Yeah And really, really so bad for him Well anybody from Gainesville or anybody who spent You know more than ten days in Gainesville Does he or what they get? You know It's because they can't go on pay guys 100,000 year to play football in college What can I tell you I tell you You know the brown teeth and all You know it's good All right, you know just put your sticks up there You bet They were really cocky before the kids say that No Okay But don't There was a lot of funds I know you're depressed I couldn't compare to theirs I know you're wrong I mean to plunge your brains out of Caltor to do it and then to get beaten up by a Nostril Yes Great perfect and have some listener who doesn't A horse from a donkey He would have bet on the lead pony if they would have put a number on it And a guy comes up and he catches the Trifect in the same race for eleven hundred dollars What was it called or about Well The first week or so of August Last time I was down there I've been there in two years Yeah So I decided what the heck I don't know the horses So decided that everything Glory painted road Oh boy And she was hot that day Really? She was hot That was the day yeah I bet I think Four tolerations she was on What did she do right Amol on the front Ten links in front I don't know Hang on for that Separation She came behind She She's with an head on those horses coming to the stretch Really I was really surprised And she made me happy I'd say that's for sure Glory made you happy Well we don't want to get out of that sir But Okay You could have it back Thanks a lot A call to raise my favorite track I love it out there I love the ambiance and the food And Martha up there And Jimmy at the ice cream Stand all my good friends at colder But they'll have to understand that It's audio In fact I wrote on my program yesterday I showed it to a bill called I wrote the audio Handy cap over the last race And it was Believe me In fact, ball does are in a one horse They bet him down in the double Something fierce And he's still running Chuck is still running I guess he only tries hard on Sunday Because he's born again I got religion And he rides for the Lord on Sunday But never run a Monday Never run Labor Day And the only race where he even came close To getting arrested was that one race Where he beat me I don't want to keep mentioning it again again But beat Mike Gonzalez And he's not always by a nose 16th of a day Or second It had to be a four ten perfect And had to be Couldn't possibly miss And it did And the Lord heard Chuck's prayer On the rail there in the deep stretch And he Unbelievable And Mike Ali I don't want to dwell on it Michael but get serious Take up a real profession Go do something honest Broward hello Yeah So tell me where can I get the best bagel Yeah that's I'm going to do that from noon to two I think And now Then don't are you trying to use the knife or your loyal listeners Don't what have I got to do with it Mike God As a matter of fact I was in the car listening Sunday when he was taking his pull And I was frantically trying to fight a payphone So I could call in and vote for I couldn't find one Unbelievable They don't have any phones at the track No No one thing and then I got to go Okay Did you hear that IBM has a new typewriter The presidential selector You know what its features are Go head sir It has no memory and no colon I'll tell I went to the pope when we see him on Thursday Okay Neil Thank you that's a good connection on that line wasn't it I was that because of the new phone system No Put that up again What is it 71 I like this this is a lot of fun Try them crazy out there in the atrium It's too bad we don't have reverb We can do that co-chamber Are they using that synthesizer as an economy FM I don't know Did it click in? I don't think so I'm trying to try it again Try it again Come on Did they not hook an already They haven't been already What do you mean they unhooked it? Here comes the message Yes you are on Oh it's working now Did you do anything? You're on Bob Gilbertson Please report to AM control Bob Gilbertson Please report immediately That's good I like that That thing is fun Those are great We're on a slow day We can use that We can have at least a good audience out there in the atrium We got a whole lot of people work here I like the fact that you were on and we didn't know Let me put that in a different way We got a lot of people on a payroll here Okay, let's not get carried away Right 22 past noon at WI and Z I'm Joey Pinto And we'll come back right after this Hello This is Michael Jackson Urgent you to help stop the spread of social disease Don't risk your life By having a romantic encounter with an unfamiliar coins I urge you to do like I do Go at alone But make sure you wear protection That's why I recommend the Michael Jackson gloves One on either hand The Michael Jackson gloves Add to the security and peace of mind But I need to do it myself So remember Before you put out Put it on And No Michael Jackson gloves Proving once again that a bird on the hand is better than one in the bush A better than sick one models for extra stimulation That's the kind of stuff that we strive for We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to try and make that happen Okay 25 past noon That's why you don't see too many of the gloves around town They're pretty expensive Right Unbelievable Anyway the wave was very kind And I thank them for all the nice things They didn't quoted me accurately Evidently and they never stole a freight train So congratulations to them And You know I was thinking about Michael Jackson Would you ever want to run into him in a dark alley Me No That could be our pull question And the one a clock tower Would you want to run into Michael in a dark alley Now we need to take more poles The city's going through withdrawals He'd be bad He'd be real bad Especially with a new leather look Yeah He's got to get a little kinkier as each day goes by I don't understand I've got a few more studs as each day goes by Let's go to Rower Hello Hello Is there someone there? Can you tell? No I can tell Can you tell? No, not yet Put you up on that phone Hello I'm kind of How you doing? Pretty good Me all have the policy to be told You can't pick on the pope No How coming out doing it? You only got a couple days I was hoping for a medley of the greatest hits Tom Lair of Eddacon Rag and all You want us to pick on the pope on the holy father? I know But that's all we hear What kind of degenerate are you? I'm pretty degenerate I got to admit it Shame on you don't you Don't you understand that the very least you'll spend ten years in Purgatory if you keep the kind of talker? I'm willing We're a good one after day Okay I'm willing to Okay First you get down on your knees Fiddled with your rosaries Now you're head we have great respect Ten you flex, ten you flex, ten you flex Do whatever steps you want if you have to hear them With the pontem, everybody says On carry a las on doing the vining and ride Get in line in that processional step into That small confessional there look guy Who's got religion, I'll tell you If your sins are original If it is, try playing it safer Drink the wine and chew the wafer Two or four, six, eight Time to transfer just that She's Now get down upon your knees Fiddled with your rosaries Fiddled with your head With great respect Ten you flex, ten you flex, ten you flex Take a cross on your abdomen When in Rome do like a ramen A BAMRIO Chiefs go to see you Get in the stand I'm gonna do an abanding I'm gonna ride I'm gonna do an abanding I'm gonna ride The phone's gone I'm gonna go You got different things Guys, we got parts Okay, let's not overdo it Let's say the good stuff for Thursday and Friday Okay, I think that he's gonna have a Sony Walkman In the motorcade positive And the archbishop will give him a little nudge A little elbow Yeah, a little friendly nudge Very touching, you know those priest They like to feel a little bit in touch And I'll say wait till you listen to this You know? And then of course you'll have all these terrible things to say about me The archbishop is usual But he gets off on this show He really does he loves it There's another copy of the Miami review you're right It's in both the Broward Review And the Miami review So I had been exonerated Boy We apologize Thank you And take it back We retract everything we've said about you And multiply it by ten Everything Almost Ooh look at that I got two of them punched down at the same time Great You think that'll work? Sure No Hello Hello Yes? Roger Hello Hi Hi So yes Hi, I'm Yel Welcome back Good to hear you Thank you You know why you lost it to track Why is that? You're when you called you to tell you that last Wednesday And somebody had called in the They called The We person with you the other day on the phone I was listening That they had a month's been You're speaking on telephone on the radio I need some other radio station Yeah And He was given a whole speaker about the copian in town And to give people and he said in the garden He just gives you a rod That's the truth You asked when about it I never heard it I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges Really? Why? Everybody heard it People were calling from all over My friends called me And then I heard people call in the state Because they spoke his language You asked him about it He was a funny thing on her He was in your room Okay Thank you Thank you Sort of like I don't know where she was It was like a semi-tone, a sound tunnel Kind of it was good Yeah, it was building to a crescendo Like to the light Broward County, hello Hello Yeah, hello Yes sir Yeah, this is a temp Compton I was calling about You said that John 316 You were wondering about Oh yeah Yeah Same guy on every Sports show On every Well, he sure gets you He sure gets you around I'll tell you that Yeah, that's the same guy He pays for his own way Everywhere He was even an East Lansing The other night he was at the Michigan State You were seeking him Was he really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah He goes all of the country, wherever it's on TV And he wears that weird wig Oh he does With all the color He probably got rid of that wig I thought that was Howard Cossell Oh Hey, he got rid of the wig I think he was a Jesus Breaked him back to the Woodstock Or Jim McKay maybe Yeah I wanted to clear it up I didn't know it was the same guy Bobby, you sure have a straight in me up Oh, okay Fine away, good to have you back Thank you Alright, bye I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges Look at those terriers at the brick oven And wants to know If Well, do you see the only problem with that is If she gets back like in the next hour That would be great But if she gets back at about four This afternoon we'll be gone Yeah, she brought back a couple of those nice little pies That would be nice You would never be wonderful Wouldn't that be great? Yeah, and maybe a few bagels Well We got a few of those steel bagels From the freezer while we're waiting You go open that No thanks Smells like bagels El Paso Alright, here we go We're going to have to give the numbers out Now Several lines that are not ringing during this new now That's all that's going I go away for ten days And you come back And I have a bit all enthusiastic They're waiting for something I think waiting for the show to start This is it What you hear is what you get There they go Well, they're just like They're like puppets on a string Aren't they? And I have held their hand And like Marionette For ten days I've held their hand I've assured that they better wash With No What was that soap like Pummus? What was that disgusting soap? Was it lava? Lava Ooh Yeah L-A-V-A And it's like washing your hands with a rock Exactly I understand that Rick weaver bathed with lava And you never get any suds off But that's the problem It's the people that are extra dirty Like your hands like a mechanic who works on a car So you're perfect for Rick weaver Yeah It'll get all that grease and oil Lava and all that That's who it's for Like if you have like ashes like I do there on my hand right from this cigar They still make that I think Don't they? Opa He needs goop Goop Yeah, I remember a goop Yeah, I don't remember that Yeah, they use it in Grige's goop Yeah, right? And where they That's true I have a great name for soap How about mung? It's a perfect name When you're really dirty from head to toe Mung will get it all And you can have Rick weaver do the testimony You know, big great tea I've been mung Yeah, he kind of looks like it Uh-huh Dave County, hello Dave County Yes sir, are you in Dave County or is this just a rugby rumor? Oh, I like that That wasn't radio That's good Turn it way up Yeah Turn that radio way up Oh Let me turn the radio up Yeah, turn it on Okay We want a little trip into the sound tunnel here Come on Have it had that The wind's time tunnel would be good No Good James Darren and Pat Boone maybe And Sears heavy duty waterless hand cleaner I don't know that one Go ahead sir Speak to us Somebody call them at the door Call us is A meeting at the This guy Yeah They never left a number with it that you can call Okay, well they'll call back and give it to us Good luck to you Bugg off Brower County, hello Bugg off Who that's good Hello Bugg off That's great A trip into the WINZ Time Tunnel A trip into the WINZ Time Tunnel Ladies and gentlemen Finally Time Tunnel Ladies and gentlemen Finally Finally Ha ha ha Finally Finally I'm going back And we go back far enough When you're Joey Pinto and WKBW and Buffalo We can't go back back far It's 1559 And you were there 1559 Dan Roberts, Dan Everith and Joey Reynolds Together in stereo Together in stereo The Dan stereo back to Yeah I'm here to see cylinder Ha ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Ha ha Ha ha How much of I know that before Even less than your lunches Hey Hey Hey Okay, we're doing great To Lester with that stuff I know How much of the nine rating do you think We should attribute to the time tunnel Hey Ha ha Dave County, hello Hey Neil How you doing I'm working for you That number is 856 Boy, this guy know how did you get out so fast Huh? How the hell did you get on all lines we're flashing I'm in my mobile car in my garage Oh I see we haven't had many any mobile colors today at all 856 8378 So is that what you'd like A statement you want to say again 856 8378 What is that Bob Cun's Tom number No no no no come on You know he's got a bad rap But the guy's trying to do some good Oh yeah And he's going to go out and get an honest job Well you know if you really went to the information about it Neil We're going to publish that in that other publication that you really hate The two that he went That's my favorite newspaper He's going to get a full financial disclosure I've got news for you since they sent me my Glossies of Jason Goodrich Jason Goodrich and Tom Howell That's my favorite newspaper in America Hello Okay, he almost when he heard those two names hit He went into a cold sweat Is circus boy the way you would like to be referred to Yeah, I think I'm going to get rid of the title like gay boy Nobody came from the family that day Yeah It's a 1926 time like Grandfather told me about Sure Actually it was a street guy that was very Fashionable and great hip and very In the roaring 20s Exactly More the game 90s Yeah Well either one step Yeah But anyway this 856 8378 anything any information you need What is is that the Jeff striker's number one? Jeff striker is on the phone's now Oh boy What? We surprised Well this is okay. Why you better go grab it sir Why you can't Broward hello Yes, let's talk to new judges Okay, who's calling please? Call for Closed From where? Closed Okay, this is Neil I'm trying to confirm a rumor about this special people Blessing Yeah All sounds like a gradient You're better Call the older urination Uh huh And can you confirm that or not? Yes Yes No matter if I can remember Billy Carter Yes Well Thursday at high noon The Pope is going to be doing his Billy Carter Remotation right in this guy Good or great I heard this Special bless is going to be like a private showing And If you You can handle it and all that You know you can't handle it I don't know Only those older boys who are especially blessed can handle it Hey, you know what I want to say went into I'm about Closed And I went out and had supper last night And all these rest was up here Had some of the greatest meals I had a nice thick steak and baked potato Would you have a little popicle for dessert? No, no they covered with grits About an each of grits Oh yeah that's good I love grits What a hot cuisine they have up there Really just it's great You know we can't get grits like that here in Miami Rocks are not one thing if they taste like anything It's not too grits Well sounds like it Why don't you guys enjoy the show And are you really in Closed? Yes Why don't you be between Closed and the little bell And what are you doing there? You're just on the road No, no, no, listen to the radio I listen to you show all the time And you live there? Oh yeah Between Closed and the bell Oh I tell you it's a good thing we come in up there You'd be in a lot of trouble Yeah, you make my day it's making bell adventure Yeah better I better try quiet over there Yeah, very quiet Very nice Okay, we'll send the Munsenia buy and up to see it this weekend Okay We want to confirm it out here Does it raise the likes to say to that to Okay, well get your pulp containers ready Because you may be able to catch a specimen or two Thanks a lot 21 before one at WI and Zy, why is everybody picking on the poor pulp? Okay, yeah the business man try to make a living, you know, business is bad And he's just trying to sell a few trinkets and chauchy's out there To make a few of the church, that's all business is very bad They seem to be upset Yeah I don't know they all upset about It's just like there is no difference And all this I mean the poles are in Even from the religious posters like Gallup 93% of the American Catholics think the pulp is full of it Okay, I mean forget it as far as all of the crap that he talks about But they still want to go see him It's like Elvis Is it just like Elvis all over again? It's an older Elvis Yeah I never want to touch his ring They want to kiss his whatever I wouldn't advise Rob I would not advise kissing that ring No Now any circumstance or anything else Exactly I'm sure We haven't heard from people in Miami But I'm sure no one's upset about them You know shutting down the city How come we're not getting any comment about Michael Jackson and his appearance Which seems to be getting more bizarre We talked about I didn't think you could get any more bizarre than it was a couple of years ago I mean when he did thriller You know and he invents in price We're looking at each other with Gaga eyes and had video But I thought he was about as far gone as you could get But he was very normal by comparison Yeah After what he is now I opened up the phone to talk about Michael and Tuesday His special was on last Monday night He was on the TVS And if you'll excuse the expression It petered out before noon And I opened up the phone to ten o'clock No one cares No one was interested But would you want to run into him in a dark alley though That's my question No You sure? Yeah Hello I'm Michael Jackson And I sold that beetle song to Nike For that some money But I still don't I'm the reason for great tunes by the fair for And now I'm selling them out Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Why I Why are you telling me Why are you telling me Oh I'm telling you Oh I'm telling you Are you saying I am saying All the heat's so standin' What is this part of a new routine now? You just talk to the middle stuff on Michael Janks. I'm sorry. I think you are Dick Pertn, that you can step on Michael Janks. I didn't know the bike was open. Yeah, I apologize. Like I didn't know the gun was loaded exactly. And I apologize for that. What happened again? Good. Now what was the question? You like Buddy Holly? Buddy Holly, I don't want that. Buddy Holly was okay. It was only around for like a year or two. I know. And now what do you have? That'll be the day Peggy Sue and Oh Boy. Those are the only three records I remember. That'll be the day. Yeah, that's about it. That's it. The Quitty Vowins. Here's a bomba. Yeah. Then La Bomba and more La Bomba. And La Bomba and that's it. Maybe one more. And if you didn't like it the first time. And the big bopper, Shantilly Lace. And what else? It's it. So I remember. The kid and diapers growing up. Let's do Joey Reynolds on WKB-DW and Bopper. Shantilly Lace by the big bopper. I was just a little kid. Howard Stern was just a little kid in those days too. And of course, Joey was, you know, on the radio with a beard, the whole business. They'd count if you say what? Oh no, it's Joey Reynolds. Yeah, it sounds like it. Oh no, it's Joey Reynolds. Don't start. Oh no, he's not going to speak to us. Oh no. Otherwise, hello. Howard. Is there someone there? You always know. Nobody there. To you always. And lines five. There's never anybody on that line. That's just the sort of a break between calls. Exactly. It's the segue line. Yeah. Hello, Howard. Hello. Yes. This is just, right, go. Is that a good imitation or what? Yeah, that was very good. You've evidently seen some of those movies, huh? I've seen several. Yes, we talked about the way you sound out of breaths, sir. It's the mobile phone. Are you on a mobile phone? I am indeed. And is Jeff Strikker in the past and your seat? Yeah. You're ready. Next to me. First you get down on your knees. Fiddled with your rosaries. OK, a little advice from the Pope there from the Holy Father. Well, when I'm with my knees, I don't fiddle with rosaries. I'll bet you sound just like the types, sir. Uh-huh. Now, they're one of those preverts. I am. And I'm proud of it. Well, good for you. So how was your vacation? It was OK. It was kind of quiet. You know, a one-knuff money to bring back from New York State to a floated deposit at Calder and, you know, trying to add to the wealth of the sunshine state. Michael Jackson, he's gone over the limit. Yeah. He's a lovely new chin. Let me see that magazine again. Where's people? Uh, you have people? I have people. Oh, he's a huge man. Yeah, the new, um, what do they call it? A craft? A cleft. Yeah. I have a natural cleft. He's still with for me. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And, uh, yeah, he has all these little private operations. He has the making incisions and little things and a strangest places. Yeah, there was an article in the Sun Sentinel Arts, a little blurb today, I think. And it about his, his publicity agency that he, he's never had eye surgery, but he has had the cleft put in his, his chin and he has had certain operations. He admits that mid-circuit operations and denies. I hear he had a little cleft, uh, somewhere else in his body crew. We can't discuss on a year because it's actionable. But, um, you know, I think, you know, I'm sitting here looking at this picture on a front of people on thinking, what a great role model he is for the youth of America today, is it? Is it an, he had been for several years? He's worth three billion dollars and he looks like a Diana Ross and Drain, you know, you look like a sister more than anything right now. Yeah, yeah, that's the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, that's the most frequent comment. I, uh, I got when we talked about Michael, we noticed we don't see Janet Michael together and we're at all. Never, never. Never. That was the most frequent comment. They are the same person. I am what you doubt it. Yeah, no one. No one can deny it. So I guess you wouldn't want to run into a Michael in a dark alley. Yeah, he's on my side. I don't run into Jeff. Yeah. Well, I would run into him very slowly and carefully if I were you. It would have to be very clearly. I would think so. Yeah. Well, it's an have a great day and, uh, keep it up. Okay. Well, squeeze Jeff's knee one time for me. Okay. See you later. Uh, gee, here's a, uh, what is that? A button that says go ahead, bless my day. Wow. Right. Next to Clint Eastwood. Carmel, California. Go ahead, bless my day. It's got to picture the Pope and his hands up the air and these waving and he's holding that the schmoty and the whole business. Unbelievable. Go ahead, bless my day. Ha ha ha ha ha. Hope Eastwood. Hmm. Incredible. Well, listen there, you know, times are tough and he got to make some money. Business is bad. See, they got a big, look at that. Here's the Pope looking out the vindi and he's got that dress on that skirt. Well, I'd tell you one thing. His designer has got to be the best, huh? The county, hello. Hello. Yes. How are you, Neil? OK. How are you? Why do you sound so depressed? Oh, boy. You would be depressed if, oh, this is. Oh, no. Go ahead, hang up. It is. It is. There's a freight of that. Straight from Israel to our hearts. Yeah. Go ahead. What happened, though? It sounds like something, one of them must have dropped while he was on vacation. He sounds an octave lower today, doesn't he? Exactly. I've been noted. Come, come here at school. What do you mean school I graduated? How come you're not in school? What? No, I range my classes at the university, according to your show. Oh, you're going to all of it. Which means he'll be on WCW. Well, we loved your last newsletter was a classic. And I asked you two questions. How come he's on the air here today? Oh, usually, what is this? A new routine now? Yes. What have you done? Have you gone to reform school or something? Or did the rabbi just give you good talking, dude? Now that Lee has, uh, air he is giving me podcasting lessons. Yeah, life will never be the same again without Lee. Don't forget to go to Peach's records and tapes and get, uh, Lee's new album. Lee's greatest foals. That's coming out very soon. But I wanted to find out two things from you. Are you sitting down by the way, the speaker system is terrible? Well, that's because we're on a speaker phone. We're just doing this today to give Kyle a little, uh, vacation, which is the only reason you've got on the air. Yeah, that's right. We better go like that. Don't knock it. That's the only reason you've got on. OK, I will not knock it. Well, he can turn down to the sink, can't he? Yeah, he could cut you off, but he wouldn't do that yet. Yeah. I know. Yeah. I mean, find out two things from you. Yeah, I could do it too. I could turn you down real low. Real low. Like that. Go ahead. What is happening with Bill Culler? Well, Bill is still doing the limbo rock, you know? Do you see him being on the air somewhere over here? I sure hope so. I mean, I don't know what's going on. It may be they could do when the talkants stop having its fluke. Now they're not, they love it. Don't you understand? I keep telling him that. He keeps looking at me and just with a quizzical look, like how can it be? And how can the Bill McQuig be on the air? And how can the Craig? Well, no, hold on. OK, all these board ops be on the air. Have them the prize for you coming up. OK, wait a minute. Yeah, I, there goes. That's fun. Hello. That was the prize. That was the prize. That was great. That must have been the doctor, heffronen. I'm not, I think I know that. Well, no, don't check the other line. Come on, we put you on the air today. You're going to check the other line. Lee, don't you understand? I've been letting it three o'clock. Let me find out another thing from you. Now supposedly, OK, you know Craig Anderson, right? You have the board ops. OK, now Craig Anderson, unfortunately, made a big boo boo the other day by discussing with a column listener, the A. B. Book. I mean, in depth. I just discussed the ratings on the air on the aisle of drains. The A. B. Book. Wow. And I was feeling in that thing when you on, should I write you down, etc. Oh, no, boy. But despite slight hints, I had that on tape. Mm-hmm. I was, like, if we could have some kind of party of I spoke to you. All right, wait a minute, let's do something special for Craig here. I'm going to do it. For my can't put in the entire aisle of dreams format, for Bill McQuig, and for Mr. Alibay Ego, you can do it. 9900 looks and I go, yeah. Mm-hmm. I'm a go-fight. It's asterisk time, huh? Well, Mike Miller does. Oh, I'll show him. He did a similar thing and look what happened to him. Yeah. Now, Mike Miller, yes. And before he left on Juneteenth, I have the letter right in front of me. I can read it to you if you just a second. Listen to this, okay. This is a letter that sent to Mike Anthony. You listening? You know what Mike Anthony said about me last week? He what? I know that the Lord even loves Neorodress. Yeah, he's a born again. You a batch, yeah. I hear it. He doesn't listen to his station either. Well, I don't blame him. He just goes by the research, but let me read you this letter. It sent to Mike Anthony. Does the Mr. Anthony, the arbitran special service station activities committee had completed a review of your response and other information regarding Mike Miller and his Juneteenth show? We find no inherent violation of our guidelines. Please note that there was apparently an air check day regarding the conversation between Mike Miller and they call on listener. However, one could not be produced by report production deadline. The deadline for complaints was June 25th and resolution by July 12th. Thank you for your cooperation, Nick Green Special Station Activities Committee. Now, unfortunately, I was just too strong getting the tape in the mail. But this time, would that mean that if I would put that tape in the mail, are you listening to a young? By the way, you know he called up and made your show the other day. How young did they crank caller? On the air? Yeah, he called he was a WIOD Cox broad casting producer as a crank caller. You mean that whole year, then, the company that would never do anything on ethical, that would never screw any of their employees all come on. Boy, Mike, Anthony must be sorry right now. Wow. On the dumpy sitting down for a week. Probably. No, he's out of town visiting his alien grandmother or something. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. But now here's the story. When is the summer book over with? September 20th. So if there's something on that. When he says so, that means that there's plenty of time for this tape to go in the mail. Of course. How I ask Mike Anthony. Now, I consider like a president for Bill called or Sandy Peyton Mike, Miller Jerry Sullivan. Still Goldstein and all the other various people who are there. Set a rex set a rex set a rex. Screwies dot well. What exactly would happen to them? Well, instead of a one two, they'd probably get a one one. No, but yeah, that's that alone. He happened with an asterisk. But not an ill be an asterisk one two. They could play it out with a certain FM station. I don't want to mention that. They could be nipping talk. Oh, man. They don't. No, they're very nervous up there. Oh, listen, it's really, you know, a great honor having you back. I have a post. I guess you. I'll send it to you. Okay. Okay. See you later. Bye. Don't forget. Look for the asterisk. Okay. I need fresh. Yeah. Any fresh. No. Okay. Six minutes before one at WIN. Zebo come right back. Are you kidding me? We have more cheese cake in here today. I can't believe it. Grenable. I wouldn't do it. About half of it up front. Yeah. It was. He was all over you. Well, we don't want to get into that. I guess I'm chill out by. I'm a real. I don't let me over eat that. You know, just a little bits and pieces, just a little tidbits. Slivers. Are you eating any of this? Oh, you might. He's very picky about what he eats. He will not eat most of what's brought in here like the stale bagels the other day. Wouldn't touch it. This is not stale now is it. This is all fresh. Fresh is conveyed. Great. He's got a special cake for Stanley. First stand. Oh, by the way, Stan Major, almost forgot about him. I have some good hate here for him. Oh, good. And the stand special guest today will be Mark Bosley. Wow. The real Mark Bosley is he going to do a Marlon Bailey impression? Absolutely. I would like him get out of here without it. And the reason he's going to be here, of course, is because he does Don Johnson. He's Don Johnson on Howlandale by a Mark's going to do his special Marlon Bailey impression. He's going to do 20 minutes of excuses as why he didn't bring any jackets with him. I don't want to be great. He said he's going to bring Stan and Miami Vice-Jacket. And I said, good. That's the only way he'll ever get one. Yeah. How do you enjoying your Miami Vice-Jacket by the law? Oh, it's great. I fantasize about it a lot. Julie Waggett to see it. Anyway, here's a picture of our listener in the Bahamas. His name is Max. Mm-hmm. Got a great letter from Max. Dear big fan. He's a big fan. He also sent us a 50 cent bill with a picture of a queen on it. Yeah. And he's got a little critique. He says, I've got some comments and some of on some of the present and past hosts and hostesses as in Twinkies. Mm-hmm. Kathy West. Ooh. She was a very horny person from a way she spoke. She gave me a dangerous blank. I don't want to, mm-hmm. Yeah. A dangerous, yeah. I get a direction. Mm-hmm. I can say that. I guess. We just can't shot. Did he say that? He talked about directions when he was here. That's the way on him. Glenn Hill, the vulture. Go ahead. I can handle it. He has a very preposterous laugh. But in my opinion, he's okay. Don't get rid of him. Well, at least he's half right. Stan Major. I think I put it right over there. Thank you. Stan Major. He's a load down. Come of the earth. Yellow, belly, eggs sucking double crossing. Two timing called blooded degenerate. I like these guys. They're the right to the point. You know what I'm saying? Cut through. Exactly. Get right to this. We love you and freeport have a wonderful life. Good job, Max. Excellent. Right to the point right on target. Two very perspicacious. What is Michael here? Got his Michael Jackson glove on. I can't believe that people would put this picture in here. Look at that. He would say he's in a dark alley. Oh, I'm telling you. I don't know why he's got a Michael Jackson glove. Because he ain't going to do anything with it. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing there. Just like smooth. You know, like Michael J. Fox. Boy. Is he really alive or is it just is it like robot? Is he like Max headroom? Yeah. You know, I can't go that out. There's something strange there. Yeah, I can't rule out. It just changed the way he looks. It's not like a facelift, but that like different body parts. They, you know, changed from one spot to another. Just, uh, what do what body part that cleft on his chin used to be? Okay. Yeah, you know, Michael reminds me that that top 10 most sexy guys that we had a few years ago in Max headroom was like, yeah, seven. But he'd be bad. Okay. Look at those deadlines. Couple of lines are not flashing now. And that hurt when that happens. Oh, that's beautiful. What is that? It's a pineapple cherry blueberry cheesecake. And then am I right? And strawberry. Say quad actor. Excellent. Well, let's take a few calls while we're getting ready to eat. Broward County. Hello. Yeah, I'm out on here. Sure sounds like it. Yeah. No. Michael Jackson G. What a jerk. I go to the Georgia Tech. Okay. Georgia Tech. Yes. The guy. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Yes, it is. Okay. My name is George Peeperdell. Yes. No. You're Dell? Verdell. Never mind. You'll never get it. No. Who actually owns the right to the rambling wreck song? Okay. Give me a break. Every time we play the song at football game, since admission is charged to the game, you get the cut of it. I mean, what a jerk. Yeah. What a nerd. I tell you, let's not catch one campus. You'll be out of there in a second. Yeah. You wouldn't want to run in new women in the dark alley right behind the door, would you? No. My fact, the door I caught street from low income housing. So, oh yeah. We got a lot of this roll to sit over there. Hey. By the way, I mean, yes. You don't really mean that, do you? You don't really mean what you said. You don't want to come across as a stereotypical Georgia Redneck, do you? Hey. If the two bits were... Okay. Now that's what I like his honesty. You know, once a redneck always a redneck. I mean, let's put his weight. Living Washington DC for a couple years, see how you feel. Anyway, by the way, I mean... This guy here sounds like he'd have a lot of fun in Davi on the weekends. No, that's what I'm calling from now. Some of those perquial sheets that they were in Davi. I mean, we got the heatons. We got everything out here. Yeah. Oh, well, I was running to put my two cents in. Okay. Well, good luck to you. We'll see you at Luzfinder Dellie. Let's go to the day county. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hi. I've welcomed home. Thank you, Sandwell. I want to know a fairish. You know, Glenn Hill did a great job for you while you were going. I know. It's a hell of a good job. We're, you know, considering all things equal. When you had one call during the week that's done. You know, you know, it's better than none. He had a terrific play on the words. I don't know whether he told you about it or not. He said that when the Pope is here and he's giving him this, you and Stan should be there. And in this, he's like, says it and a lot, and there are anything and people don't understand. They ought to have somebody standing with you and Stan. And when the Pope says somebody should kneel, hold the thing over your head and they'll kneel, you know. And then when they want them to stand up. Yes, you had a big over Stan, Fed. I'm clever. Yeah, we're good. Great. Okay, Neil, thank you. Thanks so much. I guess it was good the first time. Yeah, it was a caller that said that and we laughed. Okay, let's go to Broward. Hello. Yeah. Neil? Yes, ma'am. I'm going to throw this at you. I had my civil rights violated yesterday. I went down to Jamie, I'm a path to shoot pictures of the cross, where the Pope is sewing up. Mm-hmm. I had a secret service man and a Beth O'Day policeman. Really? I escaped my film. They confiscated the film? Yes sir. For what? I don't know. But I was on the side, taking a shot outside of the, of the, of the, of the, of your side. You were on your side? I was on the side of the cross, you know. Not in the, I mean, I had a, would you climb up the cross to the side? That's no. I was way over up outside. What were you doing? Your jeerist imitation or what? I was outside of the restricted area. Yeah. And this secret service man came up and started taking his badge at me. And I told you I was so intimidated. I couldn't even get his name. Mm-hmm. And then a metodate policeman arrived. And they thought needed to remove. Take my camera, put me in jail. And then he tried to time. He took the camera away from me. And of course it was, I, I, I, I, Two pictures by evocation. I have shot pictures. I, I, I, I, I, I, I was a camera myself. I want that a wall of film confiscated. Yeah. And they confiscated it. This is the most, all the way to the, I can't get it out of it. Everyone's playing to this station. Yeah. Wow. Well listen, good luck to you, man. I hope that it all works out. Let's go to a date county. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Hi. I got to take a little bit. Okay. Go ahead. Longest 10 days of my life. Do your belly Carter routine. All right. We missed you. And I'm glad you're back. This morning I was shouting. Oh, it's almost time for Neil. Last night I said, 16 hours and 20 minutes from Neil. I'm glad you're home. Well, I have to tell you the other morning. The turned on Sandy the first day she was home. Uh-huh. Listen, I had to laugh. Um. This gentleman, Carvin, and said, You know, Neil Rogers had something very nice to say about you and your son. And he's fired that. She says, he's never met me. And he went on. Oh, yeah. You want to bet Sandy? Well, son, he went on and was trying to say these nice things. And he just became so defensive. And she got high up. It's been a while. He said, he's never met me. Oh, I know Jason very well. And then this gentleman says, well, how do you know? Maybe he has. And she says, I'm on. No, my son. No, my son. He's never met me. And it was really a little funny. I'd like to know about that. Well, I better have a long chat with Sandy. Oh, it's so good to have you home. Thanks a lot. Everybody was good, but that's not. Okay. But what do you do? Talk to her, didn't he? No, I just don't like him. I don't like all of that. But Glenn was very good. He was really, really good. Yeah, well, let me, you know, kind of a barometer to judge all the rest of it by. We're glad you're home. Thank you. Okay. See, you know Jason, don't you? Sure. I'm going to hang around at FM Studio up there when it was I-95. Will he be? He knows that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Okay, let's take a look and brown, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I got some information on your old buddy, Bobby Lesterder. Yeah. He used to go on computer BPS, you know, over the telephones. He'd like you to computer up with other computers around the county. And he used to use the handle cookie man. Next time you talk to him, tell him, say, cookie man. That's always mine. Are you serious? I am serious. What he used to know is a fuzz man. The cookie man in the fuzz man. I'm the fuzz man. His candle was cookie man. Everybody used to handle. Sounds like something pornographic to me. No, not quite. He was a real, he'd crank up the kids on the computers and all you know is, and I'll give you with him about, or contrary, and also political things. And he'd have everybody on down on a stroke. He was also at the trouble on the computer. He was doing a CB talk show. Is that it? Yes, sort of a CB on a view computer. Yeah. And you know, it's the way. Well, it'd be good on CB. Yeah. On channel line, he'd be great. So if you've been looking again, call him cookie man. It'll blow his mind how you have found out what is handball wood. Okay, well, we give his home number out on the year tomorrow. Everybody can call him at home and say, I cookie man. I would love to call him. I haven't spoken to him in about three years when he's alive on his toes. Really? Yeah. Yeah. We got friendly through the computer. And, you know, he told me what his real name was eventually. Oh, no. Wow. And also one last thing. Just like now has a straight ponow out. Really? Yeah. It's called the Big Switch. Not the Switch. Yeah. The Big Switch. And as well, it would be a big switch for him. No question about that. No, I think basically it's straight. If you've seen his, his homopornals, there is one. Is there anything? He just gets a done. His homopornals. Just gay ponows. If you've ever watched him. He means his queer. Sure you have. His queer of ponows. Well, he's gay ponows. As I say, he doesn't do anything. He just gets, he's a receiver. Yeah. Well, he does look a little bit. He looks a little like the passive type to me. Yeah. Okay. Did you ever get your post? No. Never got no. Never got the gesture I could post. And we're very upset about that. I'm ill. Thank you. I've requested one, two from the fan club. Okay. Well, we'll see what happens. Yeah. We better give that to comel, conferred, who was that to gay. Ha. Ha. Either that or an bishop, one or the other. Or, yeah. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. Well, look at that. We got pizza from brick oven. We've got cheese cake from cheesecake, et cetera. Key lime pie and key lime pie. We got special cake for Stan. What is it? Not secret. Yeah. It's Stan listening. It's probably listening. No, he's on his way now. Oh, he's listening. Okay. He's at the one that says ding dong school on top of it. Yeah. Incredible. He'll go nuts with his movie horse. Yeah. Date County. Hello. Yes. I just wanted to tell you that Sandy Payson's son's name is Jared, not Jason. Well, I was close. Well, I was right. And I saw you yesterday at Colder. Yeah. I wanted him. You were sitting outside. Did I look real depressed? No. Look good. Oh, I was so depressed. Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I. And Michael Lee in the ninth race. I'll never forget that as long as I live. And ninth race. I don't remember the sixth horse. Well, which I remember a blazing buck. No, no, that was the tenth race with her aberto. Oh. Is today stands birthday? Oh, I wanted to come over, but you. But I tell you, you say, you know, like people bother you. No, everybody, you wouldn't be great. Not let me come over and tell you who I liked and that one, one race and it won. Oh, who was it? I think it was called. I'm not a better, I need a hero road. I was a. Yeah, that was the horse that was claimed. He went off at five to one. Oh. Oh. And my good friend, Lester Greenshire told me after the race that John Tamaro claimed him. If he would have told me before the race, I had the two four in that race and it came forward to. That's how it went all day yesterday for me. I know, but I had to stir him my life and colder. I want to play about the daily, double. Um, as soon as my husband bed, he said to me, oh, my, with both of the race, it just started. He said, come out and go. Yeah. Yeah. I knew some that you would get, I have to bet, and he already had bet. So, I saw you tell me, because then, then he proceeded to have, I. Three and a row and then one later. Yeah, but we would. I got the one late 12 horse, yeah. And I have the second half, but, and the pick six I just, I didn't do very well. Yeah, while I had the first three winners and from there on in, it was drastically downhill. I know. Ironically, and I was incredible. But I know you, I didn't want to bother you. The next time if I see you I will. Well, that'll be at High Alia. High Alia. Uh-huh. OK. OK. Good talking to you. I'm glad you're back. Thanks a lot. Really miss you. And I'm from Highland. They're leaving on call you on a date number. OK. OK. Bye-bye. See you later. Boy, I don't know how many candles he has, but not enough. I don't think so. And they haven't made enough candles. Ha-ha-ha. Dunesbury? At the Phoenix Shopping Center. Great. That's a thing about the governor out there. Good. For him. You don't give a damn about Phoenix, Arizona, or any place would catch this. We don't care about that. I'm just informing you that's all. Did you hear about the, a letter we got from my fan in the Bahamas? Yeah. I'll say 50 cent bill. Big fan of mine. You said you're a low-down scum of the earth, yellow belly, eggs sucking double crossing two time encoded the generate. OK. I don't know about cold blooded. Can we borrow your lighter for a second? Thank you. I think it eats more food in here. Yeah. Well, you know that I'm back. We got sweet stand. We got everything that you like. We got cakes and pizzas. Yeah. You name all your fail. I love this stuff about pork. I know. Not a, not a, not a, want a clock. Why not? Because you just crawled out of this as well. I was saying, yeah. Boy, can't eat. Yeah. That's why I couldn't talk this morning. I slept too late. I slept till 830. Good lord. Yeah. It's like, well, I didn't eat the house till 9 o'clock. Oh, boy. Well, I made up my mind. I'm not, you know, I'm going to put it off as long as I can. And you did. You bet. That's why you didn't unlock the office, huh? Yeah. Being that time to do that. So you haven't seen the rear range to furniture. Oh, great. I can hardly wait. And while I'm in the lunch, you can do the rest of the show. And I'll have a little pizza and go look at me office. Let's take a break here. 124 at WI. We are nearly no do on the show. We'll be size eating. Coming up. You're right. You're right. You're right. Never get all those candles blown out. Oh, and they had a celebration. I hear the country walk. Nursery is incredible. Unbelievable. All the little kids were blowing out the candles. We're getting happy birthday to Uncle Stan. What is it? 39? Like Joy Reynolds? Yeah, something like that. Okay. Well, the walk candles are melting the great. Oh, yeah. Good reach. Oh, all right. All right. Why four candles? Four. Four years old? Three. He can't just unbreakable. Yeah. Yeah. Let's take a couple of calls. And when you call in, stand today with the Mark Mosley, my one-and-wish, Stan happy birthday, or not, as a case may be. They'd count. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Yeah, Neil. Let me say it again. Yes. This is for my heart. No, come on. My favorite. Would you put me on, sir? No. Love it. Baby, I'm a late, great John McHugh. John McHugh. You're a number John? Oh, yeah. We're ever happened to John. Well, we're hoping not to fight out. Why would you remember he used to broadcast over WCRI? Yeah, he's been in all the big stations. You know, Port Charlotte and Fort Myers. Yeah, this is, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Did he put your- did he put your- did he put your- this station up on a weekend for many, many months. In fact, just the other night, it's funny. You should mention his name. I was wondering how it is that would they ever lift him on the ear here that long. Yeah, I was just glad we got it when I was so thin. He won Sunday. And uh, said the John McHugh had become an honor to leave. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh, he was so good over here. Oh, he was great. My favorite. How did this? Yeah. I was down. He was real good at radio shack, too. Man, nobody could sell a battery like, like, good John. He was great. Well, I thought you might- might be able to tell me where he was now. Well, we'll try to fight out for ya. But one of our- one of our radio spies will call in before 2 o'clock and let you know. Oh, before I let you go. Uh, did you know the roof man Jack has been south of Florida, uh, weekend? Well, that's exciting. You're doing a, uh, remote from one of the auto dealership's down. Nathan. What? That's right. In the guy will take- he's like, will it Scott, man? He will go anywhere and take anybody's money. What are you still on? He's going to do a- he's going to do a new radio show. Yeah, and they're all right. Uh, he said the transmitters located in Mexico. Yeah. Well, that's a good place for him. And he's going to do a- See you, Oanna. I don't know from home. He says, I have to get out of bed and- He's going to record. Okay, sir. Well, listen, have a wonderful life. And we hope we find John McHugh for ya, because if anybody deserves him, he'll go ahead and do a new radio show. Okay. Go ahead and turn your radio down. Okay, go ahead. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Fine. Okay, I just want to thank you. I got the tape and a mail today and it's fantastic. Good. Yeah, you guys are doing a hell of a job. You can say that again. David, you didn't do a send-a-picture rolling. Uh, sir, trust me. Trust me. Stick with your fantasy, okay? I did you have favor, ma. Is that what you're saying? Well, it's great to have Neil back. You guys are doing one heck of a job and hell with everybody else. Okay, thank you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Yeah. What a great call. Why, because you tinkled all over you. Is that the criterion for what makes it great call? It's just kidding. Is if they call in and they tinkled all over you. And thank you so much for the tape. And you're a great American. And you never ate a worm, you know, that you didn't like. And all I said, what the hell is that? What kind of a call is that? It's better than those misfits, you know, ripping me. Wrong. If I have a choice, what makes the whole show is the misfits ripping you. All right. You know those are their misfits. Me? Yeah. Just because they have good taste in their perspicacious. Glent is a big superstar. I don't know why so insecure. Yeah. All of a sudden after last week he became a superstar in his own mind. By the way, the guy at the restaurant last night was yanking our chain. They're not on the air. Cafe Dasionev is not on the air. Are you going to ask Terry? Did you know that story? No. I think it's a fantastic story. Can I tell you a incredible story. Go ahead and I'll eat and you tell the story. Neil Lyer eating and they're at the restaurant. That's a big Dasionev on Andrew's Avenue. Yeah. Everything that we want they don't have. They've run out to long, long, Liberty holiday last day at night. I was singing my wife left town with a banana. No bananas for six, no bananas. We were looking forward to bananas for us. The guy comes over and he says, gee, you're not going to believe this. We're out of bananas. And then we looked at him and you know, how can you be out of bananas? I mean, you have to send somebody down the street to the window. See, I got some bananas. Isn't that a dessert thing named after George Foster? But on the reds. I don't know. Great looking guy. George, you. Anyway, so this guy looks like what am I going to do? What am I going to do? What am I going to do? What am I going to do? I don't even know who the hell Murphy is. This waiter says, you know, he's looking at us and evidently has to give some of you. Oh, you. Oh, guy. And they're that they're running out of food. They didn't have that. She swooped. They had to make up new soup and that kind of thing. And he says, I don't know the reason for we had a lot of people in here. You know, this long holiday weekend. He said, I think it's because we had some commercials running on the O'Rodgers program on WI and Z. And I'm looking at Neil and Neil's looking at me. And we didn't win the same thing. And then the guy left. And we both fell over in the booth. And I said, I never heard them on the air. And then he started thinking about it. And he thought that maybe he'd been. That maybe I had cut it. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So it's incredible. Our sales department's got a great tool here. Even if you're not on the Neil Rogers show. Even if you have not bought a lot. Yeah, you bought it. That was out of town for 10 days. I could blame for the fact that they run out of everything that we wanted. So it's Neil Rogers' fault, see? I got blame for everything. So the guy who I was. And he didn't, this was his way of being clever. That's why I'm glad you're back. Wouldn't it have been a lot more clever if he would have just said no check? Now I don't like that. As you know. I love wouldn't that have been clear. Yeah, you like it. You're a free loader. He's always looking for a freebie. Boy, I think we're going to get a check. I think we're going to get a check. Panic. Panic. Stry said so. The worst free loader next to Harry you know, who I'm Boston. Got got down the street. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mr. excuses. You but not only does he want to eat free in his restaurants. He wants to be a friend. Give his cards out to everybody in town. And when they come in and mention his name, they're supposed to get a freebie. Wow. That's great. Of course he doesn't have any friends, so it doesn't make any difference. Uh, Um, We're Howard. Hello. Brower. Howard. I must be a good kid. No. He's in the day. He's put that one on hold. Uh-huh. They count he. Hello. Yeah, speaking. Yeah. Yeah. Go to hear your bag. Yeah. What's up? I got one question for you. I want to give you a lot of sympathy for the song and everything. Yeah. I don't want to send it to the mail. I want to bring it in. Why? Why? Why? Why do you want to bring it in? Huh? What do you want to bring it in for? Why not? I'm not bringing more than that in. Really? Is that a threat of repromas? Yeah. You see the direction this call is going. Yeah. I see the direction this call is going in right now. So anybody that talks like that, you know, obviously it's wishful thinking. Well, why not? See, thanks. He's going to get to come back and be on the show. No, we're not going to be there anymore. Aren't you careful? Do you know the set? None of the people that we had on the show have. We've never heard from them again. Carlos Adam. What was the girl's name? Linda. Linda. That's the parents. Where? Parents are among them. Well, what? All three of you crack up. You can, you can bring it in, drop it. What language are you speaking in? What language are you speaking in? I was thinking, what language are you speaking? Okay, hold on a minute. Where do you buy your toys, sir? Hello? They left. Oh, they hung up. Okay, go ahead, sir. What the hell you want? I said, I went to bring my tape in to get copies of some. Yeah. That's why I thought you said. Pardon? That's what I thought you said. Yeah. You know what the answer is? Send it to me. Send it to me, like everybody else. Oh, come on. I gotta be different. No way, Jose. I'm not a clone. I'm an original. Oh, you got a big mustache? Yes, I do. What does that guy that does the sports drawings? He draws, oh yeah. That big. Ridiculous mustache. I'm on a spot. He's always drawing. He's always doing these drawings of young like jockeys, of young like cash, ass mucin, you know? You're bad drawings too. Yeah. Let's pick up on the gloves. Yeah, that's what we like it. We like to distort our voices, so you're not sure who it is. It's gonna be gone too. I like that. Yeah. Okay, well, good luck, yes, sir. Okay. Have a great life. Good, too. Okay. Engineering department is threatening to make it so that we can't do what you're doing right now. Why is that? They don't like the little clicks and pumps. You know what? I don't give a damn what they like. We're not doing the show for the engineering department. Okay. Really? I'm not on there. What do you place? Unbelievable. Do you believe that? Yeah, you are. Let me do it again. Let me do it again. It was ringing. Oh, are you? Messing with everything you touch. Still ringing. I'll be done. Attention engineering department. Fuck off. They don't like the clicks and pumps. That's the whole idea. That's what I said. Fuck. I mean, anybody can put them on hold and do this pseudo-phoney stuff. Like Sandy and Jared. I know Jared real well. Back to a clock. Hello, Jay. Yeah, me and Reagair. What do you mean you again? How come I didn't get him disconnected? Browered. Hello. I mean, you're connected. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. When you got to go, you got to go. When you get out of that tunnel that you're in, speak into the phone sir. Are you saying you need to leave sir? Yeah. Why is that a 13- Michigan State? You want to hear the Michigan State fight song? Oh, don't. No. That's here for you from, did you go to Michigan State? No, I want to Michigan. You want to Michigan? Boy, I put it on. Another Michiganer. Oh, boy. Let me say I want to the real you, you're a, you're a, me, Hammond. University of Mung. Oh, no. Hey, we, we be up on Florida. So what, what do you want? No, Ward. Absolutely. And they won't play as again for 1992, but you're with. Uh, we're getting there getting there conference. I'll play a couple times a year. We've got to play a total of the closest Montana State. Real power. We think about the dolphins this year. Uh, they're, they're, forget it. No, dolphins are going to be alright. Forget it as long as you're wore skis. It's a quarter plate buffalo every week. They'd be in great shape. And in six play out teams. Yeah. Try eight and, uh, you know, eight and eight. I have very interesting conversation to a Hank Goldberg about you. Really? Yes. I asked them if you, if you two were the same. You weren't the night. That leaves us up to speculation. What do you think about, uh, more in Nathan being a dropped? I was really surprised at that. Yeah, I was going to, they, they went did take that. I'd like to shake their hands. I mean, I'm a little surprised at the lineback of the situation. They only kept four linebackers. You think they're keeping, keeping jaws for a trading bait? I was think so. They need, they need some help at linebackers. This is a lot of quarterbacks got cut yesterday. Yeah, they got, uh, cuts with Tina. My sewer. Yeah. Who might be upset? Boy, okay. Well, I shouldn't. Enough of the sports star. Let's hear it for the Spartans. Mom, did you see their coach fight away with a beer belly? That's MSU man. That's what it's all about. All the whole team sits out there at the Gables and drinks, six packs. Rakes, mice, they're brought by the half gallon for hours. My head through the hurricane's plenty, big tentons. Never? Yeah, they play some tough thing like Wisconsin. North West, through North West or North West. They're never so Purdue. And Bavaria does this. And again, usually when they really get bold, they take on the fighting Spartans of East Lansing. The temperatures never pass as 50. Only when you're on the land. The red cedar river is made of rubber. I think the highest in the high end of the Troy's Lady Cudin. Listen now. Or we get to do it. We close it in. We're in it. There's a lot of heat. Nothing can be heard. That's like the gas in the city. Hey, they're all stoned out of their mind. Leave them alone. They can't walk in place with big fun. They can't walk in place with big fun. They can't walk in place with big fun. Yeah, yeah. My favorite party. Whoo. There it is. One, four, three, and wins will come back. Those things. You can listen. I had a half hour 45 minutes. And there's absolutely nothing on the air. Except this guy is a jerk. That lady is a whatever. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. 14, you'll too. And the stand will be along with Mark Mosley into a clock bar. Can't wait for that. Yeah. Mark's funny. Can you wait for that? Dave County. Hello. Hi. I just wanted to tell you something that I saw over the weekend in front of a pantry pride in garlic mall. The Harold had somebody hawking t-shirts with a free. With a free. With a description. What? If you'd quit moving things around, we could hear what the lady is saying. He's he shuffling pizza around on the table. Oh, I had, I'm sorry. I just thought I was funny. I thought it looked pretty pathetic. Bella out there trying to solve subscriptions by giving you a free t-shirt. You mean to the Harold? Huh? Well, that's desperate. And the people we just walked in by nobody. He looked like a bum for one thing. Yeah. Well, you don't know. That's to keep an eye. He's out there hawking his own paper. Oh, terrific. Yeah. I just went to let you know that. I thought it was pretty funny. Okay. All right. Thank you. When was the Pope tour, T-shirt? You've seen those? What if the Harold is going to pick on the Pope this time? Like, did the last time he was here? And I don't know why everybody keeps telling me. I keep referring to the fact that the last time the Pope came here. The church tried to give me off the air. And they say, oh, that was the previous Pope. It wasn't the previous Pope. It was this Pope. Mm-hmm. It was this Neanderthal. It was him. He was here in 79. Mm-hmm. See how time flies while you're making little babies. It's incredible. Broward. Hello. Hi, Neil. And by the way, we like those pops and pukes on a phone's a distant leave our speaker phone along. That's it. Yeah. Leave it a lock. Let me talk. Go ahead. Last week on Stancho, after he had Linda Thornton, he wanted to know if the fondue at the cafe did you need was any good. And I called, I said hi to eat in there and that it was pretty good. So that may be the reason for that plot. Really? Yeah. So am I entitled to any monetary remuneration? Oh, sure. Yeah. You can pay a reimbursement for our check last night was about 40 bucks. 40 bucks. Well, I think you'll have to go to the restaurant for that. No, no. In other words, you are the one responsible for us going there. So if you want to do it fair, you stand for the great business. They did over the last week. I see. Well, I go over there and tell them that you're a friend of ours. They'll charge you double. Okay. Okay. Guys are real comedian. Who? The waiter. He was? No. He thought he was. Okay. I'll never plug them again. Okay. One of the two. By the way, it was okay. It was, you know, okay. Okay. Not sensational. Okay. Oh, John 3 16. Yeah. I've had a ride here at Reeds. And I know that the Lord even loves Neil Raj. Yeah. That's a lot. I always liked that. My favorite quote from the Bible. Okay. Wait, one last thing. Yeah. Don't let me stop you now. You're on a roll. Okay. Speaking of, Jeff Stryker, Power Tool, etc. Yeah, there's a great line in that movie too. You know what it is? How can anyone get any board now to their power? What? That's true. Okay. Have you ever seen Centurion? Are you not one of these guys at the, is it, is it? No. Wait a minute. No. Neil. Is this your show? Do I have to ask permission to speak? Okay. Go ahead. No. I don't want to say it now. Go ahead. Have you ever seen Centurion's of Rome? No. Starting the incomparable mile of long? No. I'm not into Eels. Okay. I'm not who that is. I'm not into that stuff. Okay. Not into John Eels. Straight into Freaks of Nature. No. You were practically tripping over him. I'll pass. Okay. Neil, see you around. Okay. That's what was so important that he had to interrupt you. Yeah. That's, have to be gagged and bound. Good. Lord. Okay. Have it only when you watch that film. I guess he thought it was important. Go to understand who we're dealing with here. We're dealing with a fringe of humanity on this show. Dave County. Hello. Justin. And that's the host. I'm adjusting. Are you going to speak to us? He is going to play the radio. Are you going to speak to us? He is going to play the radio. Are you going to speak to us? He is going to play the radio. Dave County. Hello. Neil? Yeah. I know. Okay. What's up? No. I'm just kidding. It's just a joke. Guys, we got more comedians today. The fry. How was your vacation? Terrific. While we should have never ended. I wish I never came back from the cave. I had dinner at Mancuso's restaurant. It was sensational. The Ville was delicious. Everything was great. I had nothing but winners at the track. It was great. Uh-huh. Okay. That's good. Well, I'm just glad to say that. Yeah. Spit it out. Now, come on. Don't hold back. Oh, we missed you. The thing is that the bird had some awful shows. And like the one with Dave Berry. No. The one with Steve Sonsky. Yeah. Terrible. Right. Yeah, you're right. I'm starting to enjoy these calls. Why are you making gurgling sound? I thought that was a funny comment. Okay. Take care, Neil. Okay. Thank you. Good call, sir. Broward. Hello. Yeah. Main is out. I met you over a baton strawberry farm. Oh, yeah. And baton's fruit stands. Yeah, right. And one comment. Yeah. And the first one, I'm glad you're back to me in vacation. I hope you had it. Good one. Yeah. And you know, that record, uh, I 95 songs. Yeah. If you go over to peaches and sunrise, they have a sign up. It says Neil Rogers songs. Great. Well, I'm glad they're son of it because we can't play it. Yeah. There's so much to do with them over there. But uh, I want to get what you're producer about doing some advertising for the business. I had to post he once before. And I have a lot of your names. You gave me the way he's named once before. Yeah. Can you give the name over the air? Well, why don't I do we just take your number? We'll give it a pass at along to the appropriate people. All right. Uh, it's by my verdict. No, no, no, no, hold on a minute. Hold on. We'll take it off the air. All right. Okay. Hold on. It's on six. And we can pass it on to a runa barit. Let's go to a brown again. Hello. Adios. Dave County. Hello. Here we go for three in a row. Hello. Yes. Are you doing a voice? Voice. Why? Not much of a voice, but a voice. I'll leave Roy Neem in as you're looking for. Exactly. I'm a little worried about Lee Roy. Oh, yeah. I wonder how long it took him to grow that thing. Uh. Where was he? Who's he been sitting under to grow that? Well, well, it's not story. So how was your trip? Okay. Good. Good. I just want to call you, let's know about Lee Roy. Okay. Okay. See you. Great. Cool. We have had a string of them since about 130, Roy. Yeah. Since the food came. Mm-hmm. They'd, hello. It's the PD over at life. This life. Yeah. That is definitely not satisfied with a 10 year. You know, now they got to start piping their music in on our show. That was good. They can put it together. Get a 19 share. It was definitely life. No question at all. Get background music. Like a nightmare that you hear in the back of your mind. That's it. You're going to have to do it. How would I have to grow it? Like you've been locked into a psychiatrist waiting room. Locked into a psychiatrist. Grow it. Hello. What's going on here all of a sudden? Oh, I know what it is. It's getting close to Stange. Yeah. Go on vacation for 10 days and I forget how soon everything was fine to 130. And now they're all coming out of the woodwork. How about you running here too? Yeah. Yeah. How do you, I'll go, I mean, a meal. I'll go, you know. Boy, I've never been called that beef meal. Well, if you only knew what a beef meal was. Obviously, you don't know Neil. Yeah. I'll tell you Glenn Show was all right. I'll be speaking Colin and putting it down. No way. You can even ask Glenn, I call him up six or seven times. That's my few of them. I was me. Whaaaaaaah. Whaaaaaaah. Well, a lot of people did that. That was the best part. Oh, it was me the whole time. Oh, it was the best call. Every single call. That was me. Yeah. Yeah. It's a medley of your collar. That's the only collar. It's a different, did you, did you catch a Ranger Bob? Ranger Bob. The 10 horse? No, Ranger Bob. On a Channel 39. The 10 horse in the fourth race. Oh. What is he talking about? Channel 39. Channel 31. Channel 31. Yeah. Didn't know such thing. There's, there's, there's 33. There's 39 on the cable. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm talking about Rochester. Oh, right now. I don't have any idea. You even did you have to know Rochester. Who? You're a funny guy. Ranger Bob. How are we supposed to know what you're talking about? I don't know. I like that. This is almost over. I know I did. Oh, man. That's good. The, uh, what is this? The fringe of society. Yeah. The fringe of human. Oh, but. I'm glad that you and the bird had a great time. A lot of ways. I'm glad that all good things must come to an end. You don't know what I mean? Yeah. No, the best for one. Not to come on the air at two o'clock. We're really sick of them. Okay. I'll tell him you said so. See you stand made your fan. See, it stays like this when you punch the lines. I get a little just a little glimmer into what Kyle's, uh, uh, days like, you know, Broward. Hello. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. Listen, uh, Glenn, I'm still waiting on my record. What record? The record that I had, uh, supposedly supposed to, know, where you, when you get with it already, those were mailed out. Come to guy hasn't got his record yet. You mean the, the reputation contest? Who's an off all week long. He's been acting, who's been, who's been, who's been, who's been off, who's been off, who's been off, who's been on the job? Those were mailed out. Sir, Tom Jickah, the day, I'm on my calendar on that busy calendar day after Neil went on the case. One chest in six months and he can't get it booked. We mailed them out Friday a week ago. Well, I mean, I can't control the mail. Sir, they were mailed out here. Don't believe a word he said. The day after Neil went on vacation, they went in the mail. I've even checked with my postman and he isn't making any awkward on you. He's a so, uh, obviously he hasn't intercepted it. All right. Well, I can't control the mail, but they're long gone. You should've had it a long time ago. I haven't gotten it yet. Well, it's out of my hands. Yeah, but I did hear a rumor that your mailman stopped at the flagpole. And was taking up squatters, right? So he may be practicing. There, right. Is that it? I think it's enough. What? What was that? I've got to show you what's wrong. I've got a frog in his throat. Even the guy that sounded like almost rational don't send him to record. Screw him, you know what I'm saying? I've got it like semi-rational for a couple of minutes. And then all of a sudden he lost it. Yeah. I'm telling you, man, once it gets time for major to come on, the whole world loses it. They lose their grip on reality. What's understandable? And today they're really going to lose it because Mark Mosley's going to be on here doing voices of people who haven't been born yet. He is. He's going to be doing voices of guys who aren't even on the area. Guys he met down at the Utah, the corner of a minigarden's drive in 44. 7th Avenue. There's a great crowd that hangs out there. In fact, we ought to do a remote. Is that a circle K? You know the one I'm talking about, way on the corner of minigarden's life. It's the only convenience store anywhere within about three miles a conflict. We'll get people on that are going to go on WIOD. We'll get them on the map. Yeah, but we could screen some of them out. Get some better host for them. Well, listen, that's going to do it. Certainly is depressing to be back, but you know, life goes on in a big city and we all need the money. Michael, if he's standing by with the headlines, CBS has the world news at the top of the hour and Stan Major is going to be impersonating Mark Mosley doing his Marlon Bailey routine at 206.