are good Christians to lie and make things up and to put words into my mouth or the stations mouth of alleged that things have been said on this station. And of course, we even had one caller who called it yesterday was very upset that they had taken his line and attributed to me and also twisted it around a little bit. Of course. Yeah. You would think they wouldn't do that. No, not good. God fearing God loving. And neighbor loving, all of the good stuff, you know. Which of course makes one think of the Spanish inquisition, but that's a very long subject for another day. But all of our faithful listeners out there can take a deep sigh, all of you know who, a Bob Lasseter sigh. Oh yeah. Good for you. Because I've gone to the wood shed and everything is came out kosher. Everything came out okay. Copacetic is at the word we're a good, excellent choice of words. You've been hanging around Don Webb on that. That's always big words. That is Don Webb. What a wicked web. How does that go? When we DC, oh boy, somebody will call in some 90 year old will call in with that old saying. Oh yeah. I know what you're talking about. Yeah, but what a wicked web. We, we, when we in the church DC, or something like that, we in the archbishop, exactly. So maybe if you're looking for the wicked web, he might be over a church. But what I was starting to say, and you know how when you come in here, I keep getting sidetracked sometime or up to four hours. It would seem to me that when some of our Catholic friends out there, we've got a lot of them, thousands of them that when they go to church this Sunday or whenever they go to Mass, I guess they're constantly doing the week. They have all these masses. I don't know. The teaming masses that perhaps they ought to put a little note in the collection plate instead of their usual 50 cents or $10 or 10 bucks or whatever they put in there. Just put a little note in there and say, you know, buzz off. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. They won't do it though, they're cowards. I've been trying for years to get somebody to stand up in church on Sunday, right in the middle of the sermon, or in synagogue. And say, this is a bunch of garbage. When you're going to stop lying to these people, when you're going to tell us the truth, when you're going to stop with all the mumbo jumbo and all of these archaic rituals and nonsense and speak to us about something that means something in our lives. And they won't do it. They don't have any guts. No. Not going to happen. Not in our lifetime. Shameful. But what do you think about all these coincidences? Now, by the way, we could take a poll on it. Yes. When you said, what do you think? It's the goast of leaf followers coming into my mind. What do you think? I have a lot of people who are in the forest that are just like this. They're going to be a lot of disappointed people out in the audience this morning. I guess those who listen every day, but just are praying, praying to the Lord that I should disappear there. So I'll say people who prayed for the dolphins last night. She would do for that. I like what I watched women's volleyball last night, too. And I agree with Ron Harris. And that was definitely the sport to watch last night. Not the Ron said that. He flipped over, watched women's volleyball. He flipped over and watched women's volleyball. So I'm not going to get into that because they did the same thing. That border is right on the edge of those things that we don't discuss here on WLS. When you say that he flipped over, yeah, I forgot. And watched women's volleyball. This is our sports director, Big Dolphin. Yeah. Well, it was a pretty, I saw the last part of it. The volleyball game is better. Pretty, right? It's made the ball. So even watching body by solo flag. Right. Right. Weather channel. It's better. I love the weather channel point. That's it. It is my favorite. I can't go to sleep in that unless I log like 20 minutes at least at the weather channel. Well, I think we'll take our first break on that note. I think we're going to have a pretty intriguing show today. I'm not sure exactly why, but I just have that feeling. Look at all those dayd people calling. Broward people are well, I don't want to call it's raining like crazy here. Yeah. Is it still raining? Oh, it did stop. Well, somewhere else though, it's probably raining. Gary, probably, uh, Broward. In Broward, it's a very good point. So Stan has a doctor's appointment today and couldn't make it in early. You know, he, um, he'll be in. He'll be in sooner or later, but not, you know, he was going to be not early. Right. He'll be in. Yeah, well, early for Stan is, one 30. Exactly. Well, Stan is a late sleeper. You know, I happen to be one of those now when I, I just wake up automatically early. In fact, it really irritates me on Sunday. Yeah. Me today, wake up really early. Like about 730. Yeah, I don't like that. Yeah. Um, but I don't have a solution to that problem. Ha ha. Well, he's just acting like Mr. informative here today. Isn't he? All of his there he goes. There he goes. Lapsing back into what he does best and that is making a total jackass out of him. So, okay, it's 18 past 10 at W.I. and Z. I'm here. I've got to continue to be here. We're going to do our thing. And I'll go on and, uh, neat. Well, you never know. You never know. At least until the next crisis. Right. I just want to make that very clear to Mr. Tom, San and all these other, um, we're going to. Malp and Ten South. They're going to do our thing in this building. Well, maybe not in the building. Maybe we'll go out on the lawn again. Not today. Would be FM. We could have a whole big wins thing. Wins and Z. Together on the lawn. Wouldn't that be great? And we could have a little wini roast out there. It would be fantastic. That's a good idea. Exactly. Roast some marshmallows. I don't want to roast some. I mean, it's a beautiful day. Let's go. Let's go on in the backyard and have a good time. Sure. And we could baptize everybody on the FM because God only knows. Okay, 10 19 at W.I. and Z. I can see. Got a great t-shirt. Somebody sent in by the way. And it says on it, speak English, dammit. Oh, I can. It's got a picture of a vulture on it. What is that? It's supposed to be an American eagle, but I think that's really a hulture. Probably another coincidence. Probably. So many coincidences lately. You may be able to get away with it. I know. What's ever on today? So we have Dampy come on. Sure. It's a rainy day. It's tank and it's depressing. And we could lift a whole bunch of minority people up by their bootstraps today. Because there are probably a lot of people with boots on a rainy day like this. I'll be happy to call her for you. Oh, great. It would be like going back to kindergarten again. Wouldn't it go back to school? We could do it like Ed Cohen says. Some of that elementary school humor. Oh, yeah. My good friend Ed. Yeah. Boy, how they turn on you in this town. They really do. And that's it hurt. It hurt bad when they turn on you like that. What's that? This is a copy of the letter that I read on the area yesterday. Oh, nice letter. The letter is a bundle letter. Can I have that? For one for our records. I'll just turn it. I'll say it the good part. Sure. Yeah. What is there? I'm sure there is static. Well, we're getting a lot of static, but I think we finally reached the pinnacle. No, I think this morning we climbed to the top of the mountain. And took one small leap for mankind. Or something like that. I get all of those things confused. I get a wallmix. We took a little leap. From tower number three. It was Rick Edwards. In fact, we may bring in money all the day. Who's hanging from tower number two? That kind of stuff. Let's make a deal. But I feel just fine now. I feel like my life is worth about a dollar and a half at least. Which is, you know, a bucket of half more than a was when I got up this morning. And we're all back to normal. Everybody loves each other in a crisis has passed. I thought it might. Yeah. And everything is fine. Great. There is no joy in my build because my case. Some people are upset. Exactly. Well, Dr. Huffenmoth is probably having an urban dream now. I'm sure he's gotten worried by now. And it'll also have a very, well, it's a two day. We have a lot of business to do here. We'll probably need to press him even more. Won't it? Gotta hope so. Yeah. Well, that's a break stock. Yeah, we have a lot of breaks. Now, if he would just go back to taking care of all of his heart patients and if Jack would just take care of whatever he does. He's fellow mental patients. You know, everything would be fine. And we could all just live happily ever after. Don't call us today, Jack. We're monitoring you, Jack. We're monitoring your office. We're monitoring your phone. Don't call us. Back there was a guy from Metro in here late yesterday. And he's going to make personal, it's right. Personal involvement. Yep. To make sure that Jack just stays on the straight and narrow path. Uh, he said something to me about getting on the straight and narrow path. And I said, well, part of that anyway. Yeah. Exactly. First part. There we go again. Encouraging you know what? Edara's sexuality. Ooh, God forbid. I told you yesterday, no more sex. I've all of our problems agree. But he just stops thinking about it. Stop doing it. No more problems. Well, I'm sure that the chance of that happening. Of course. And this time it's a very good chance of that happening. It's about 70% of the population has already gone into that category. Believe me. I mean, where there's no sense. There's no feeling, you know? But I think we ought to put some of these calls on hold here. Because I'm not going to just punch him up again. I don't want to go through that business again. Because it's a rainy day in Georgia. Right. And there are a lot of people out there get very nervous calling in when it's raining. Yeah. They're afraid that something evil is going to happen on a phone. I saw an incredible rainbow when I was coming to work this morning. And I should have known. I was an I 75. I just making that turn off the Harrison Parkway on the I 75. Who is this big beautiful rainbow? And I should have known that that was an oldman of things to come. Absolutely. You should have. Of course. So you heard me again on that show this morning. Yes. It is. It is me. They taped it off the air. But it's patently illegal. And we would never do something like that on this show. Right. Oh man. All right. How do you want to work this Robin? You decide. I told you. But should I close my eyes? No. Okay. I can't believe that they're dead at this. Pretty in the morning that you know who endontalled and noodles are that desperate. They're going to start taping my voice. I got an idea for them. Why don't they just take my whole show? And I can play it there in the morning. Of course we'll take them to court. No, it was their license. But that's another story. Let them play the whole show. They probably do a seven share in the morning. They keep talking about my return over there. They can't wait. They are in a dream or their hot for your body over there. Trust me. Make no mistake about it. Here's a little message from Rich on the screen. The mispets are calling already. Well of course Jack's already on the phone. I thought he had been who was on the phone. Oh, not him. Other mispets. Well, you know, some like little league mispets. Not maybe the major league ones just a little one so far. Oh, blue here at old far. Oh, oh, oh, oh, they're upset. They're very unhappy. I mean, beach is stepping. I wish that we get rid of him. Find the way why they're more off the air. Now get him off. Get him off. They're. They're whipping the radio with their canes. Oh, having a nervous breakdown. They're attacking their neighbors with their walkers. The beach is shuttering. Oh, boy. There may be a minor tremor on the beach and in Hallendale this morning. And I bet you who's really upset in North Bay village. Irving, shacked man. Oh, they having a novice breakdown in North Bay village boy. He'll never be the same. They had something this morning. Yeah. Like about a gallon of prune juice won't help Irving. You're never going to get it out of your system. Where did I hear old Larry King? Well, when Larry King was on, who was talking about? Who? Larry King was on the Hollywood Square last week or something. And the question was, what's the question? What? Someone told you on the phone, right? What? What city consumes the most prune? We already heard that. Yeah. It's very loud on this show. It's not. It was from last week. I heard it. I couldn't remember where I heard it. Sorry. I'll be here. Don't worry. I think they were right about one part of their complaint. Okay. Let's go to bulk of first. Good morning. Do you like that kick that little kick on the phone? Now, what? It's probably raining up there. They're not going to hold on. North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Hey, listen. You're talking about coincidences today, right? Yeah. Well, I've got a coincidence here. Did you ever see Stan Major and Bernard Meltut together? Oh, my good friend. Boy, that is a very good point. I never did see him together. You know what I figured? He's got a doctor's appointment today. Maybe that's as excuse. Yeah. Dr. Bernard. Well, you saw what happened to Dr. Bernard. They put him out to pasture. Yeah. I wonder why he was, you know, he's got to be one of the best on that talk. Oh, he was, he was my favorite cooking. Hello, my dear friend. You can call me genius. I'm going to be a good friend. You can call me, genius. You can call me friend. You can call me grandpa. He was good. Yeah, the rest of them suck too. What does that tell you about? W.O.R. in New York that they got Bernard Meltut on every day. Boy. Yeah. Well, they should take Bruce Williams and don't mountain the garbage too. But never on a Tuesday. Today is Tuesday. So he, right? Bruce alone. Will you play? See, you know, every Tuesday he regresses into that street talk. We have to put that to problem. I have my radio. You know, listen to you in the morning and then night time when I go out. I turn on a radio and there's Bruce on Thursday. Yeah. Well, you know, it adds another dimension to your life when you get, when you get to get into his world with him, you know, and spin a few with dreams. It adds a whole new dimension for you. After again, you know? Sorry. Like a snake world salesman. I'm trying. Okay. You know, you don't want to get thrown out now. Yeah. True. Because we are. Okay. Well, listen. Have a great life and we'll see you on Thursday. We'll see you next Tuesday. Okay. Maybe he'll call us every week only on Thursday. I hope so. What's doing? What's doing? Well, I'll tell you that guy is one of the great snake world salesman in the history of mankind. He really is. He's got a line of VS that is unprecedented in the history of broadcasting. He's been in the history of his life because I think he writes the board on TalkNet and really and normally. Oh, here's Roste with a mail. It's not a big good mail came in the early today. Right. And so the audience gets really upset when we start reading the mail on the year. And today being a Tuesday, we don't usually get a lot of mail on touch. To kick it box. Look at that. We didn't even get it in the box today. We just got it in his hands. So to speak. And what is this? We have another box. Is this from the Bahamas? Oh, look at that. It says, Rattle okay. What does that mean? It's okay to Rattle it. Oh, I see. I like the sounds of it. From Smith. I wonder if that's from Alfredo Smith and Calder. I don't. I don't laugh. You don't even know who that is. Alfredo used to be a jockey at Calder. And now every once in a great while he pretends to still be. But boy, we got some interesting stuff. Now, this feels interesting in this envelope. We're going to have a little fun here this morning. We're going to play squeeze the envelope for about the next 25 minutes. Think there's anything good inside this one? Doubtful. I'm going to hit you wrong. I think there could be something really good in here. Oh, look at that. It rattles also. Another box. What is this stuff? Oh, here's a cassette. Now, it's work. That all kinds of know it's not. It's all kinds of stuff on here. Can we play it on the ear? Shop lifters, wimpies, crazy commando. Frank Zappa. Yeah, we're going to play that on the ear. That would be the end. Okay, let's take another caller to. We do have an open line in date, by the way. It's 624-9400. Got a caller on a mobile phone. Hello. Hello. How are you? Okay. The first 10 minutes of the show this morning. And I was curious whether or not they are restocking the racks. You get all the old goodies back or what? Well, I wouldn't go that far. There are a couple of things that disappear. They probably won't come back. But other than that, everything is just wonderful. I'll come back because you can't get a hold of them or they won't let you come back. They have put them in the deep freeze. I'd say about, well, it had to be weeks. We can weeks ago. I was able to get walk with an erection off the air. On to a set table, which I keep hearing the band. And through a long-hackle, I put you guys down quiet when you get a bozo on and sort of refresh my memory. That's a great tune. Yeah, it is a classic. Well, that one might walk back in a whole one day. Never know. That would be nice. That would be real nice. You guys on my obelis. Absolutely my obelis. Yeah, well, we feel mowveless today, sir. I'm glad to hear us. Nice to be loved. It's nice to know that the people stand way behind you with their full support. It does the way behind you. Does this mean that all the pressures off and all the wigs up there are, or there are number one station in the US. The wigs are all back in place, sir. They all look like Ben Franklin and George Washington on a bad day and Elton John. Well, you guys often really, and not all the mobile collards are sued, okay? Yeah, now every now and then we get a good one. All right. Keep it up to good work. Okay, have a great day. Thank you, sir. Okay. Now, what is that? Previously, in fact, most of the people I know who are cat like long since gave it up, you know, because they got tired of going into the confessional and telling the priest about all the little things that they were doing. But boy, the church itself, man, you talk about hypocrites and talk about narrow-minded, authoritarian lunatics, but they just are going to cram anything down your throat that they can. Unbelievable. We had Delta credit enjoy your show very much. Now, they goes by that we don't listen. Hmm. How do you like that? Be torn. I think that the I love John Paul, George and Ringo bumper stickers are a great idea. There are five of us here that would like one. And right, we send them and says, have a wonderful life. Well, great. Thank you, Leslie. And we'll send those out to you post-taste. Yes. And I told you, I saw my first bumper sticker last night on my way home on a car. On a car, yeah. Yeah. If you're going to send it to these bumper stickers, make sure to put them on your cars. Would you please look great? Yeah, they do look good, yeah. I think there's a little cartoon of the Pope right here. Shame on them. Okay, let's take some more calls. We don't want to just read the mail. I'm put the audience into a coma, do we? We don't. Sure we do. North Miami, hello. Hello, Miao. Yeah. After some sense that I just want to hear you guys. I mean, we're going to hang up. I want to hear you give the Bronx here to Jack Thompson. Of course me. Just like this. Or the fish here. Yeah. We also gave them the year number one in our book sign. I don't really know what's wrong with this guy. You know, he doesn't have anything better to do or what. He doesn't have any. No, he must have a full life as somebody I know would say. You can get a definition. What's the difference between listening to a talk to a monitoring it? Well, what is the definition? No, monitor is like big brother. For example, if you had that, you know, if you ever read nineteen and you saw nineteen eighty four read the book. And there was the big eye in your bedroom and in every room in the house. You see, watching you. Two way to see. They were monitoring. In other words, if you were doing a little hanky, panky in the bedroom, they weren't watching. They were monitoring. That doesn't really make sense. Well, no, not really, but it sounds good. It sounds pseudo intellectual. There's like a thin line between listening and monitoring. Exactly. For example, if you were like a peeping time and you were looking in your next or neighbor's window, you could say, I'm monitoring you. You know, that kind of stuff. And it still take you way in through you in the slamer. See what's going on. You're not listening to the show to, you know, for your enjoyment. You're listening to the show to see what's going on on the show. Even though he probably is obsessed with him. Listen to every day and get some kind of excitement on the show. Absolutely, you bet. I mean, he just asked, is this voice we're real too? I was going to ask you, I mean, I know. He's monitoring us. Boy, this guy had a serious problem. Well, somewhere anyway. Well, there's something wrong with him, yeah. Because he's a... Well, that'll lose any sleepover, believe me. I really did the retired attorney. Did you hear about that? He's not even, uh, an actor, a terrorist. I hear he's a retired human being. But he's something, you know. I like to give a couple of guys that look like Rambo and go out and, you know. No, no, just, I'll leave him alone. He's small potatoes. Yeah, it's too much of we even get him to credit. Exactly. I think everybody's really giving too much credit because, like, Stan even said, well, there's this guy Jack Thompson. He's trying to get us off here. I mean, this guy, you know, he's going to come out the paper. I'm the one who got new Rogers off the air. He would have succeeded in it. It's not, though. That's what he's trying to do. It's like beating up my homin' out of here, something. Right. He went all the credit. Okay, well, listen, have a wonderful day. So as often as you can, keep giving him the buck. Here, it just turns me on. It does, so for me, and say, this is dedicated to Jack Thompson and keep giving it to him off and on, all day. Okay. Did you do that for me? Okay. Thank you very much. See you later. Look at this. Here's Rosemary and Miami Lakes. Wonderful. Good letter. Rosemary's almost perfect, although at the end of her letter, she says, I also, in, like, Glen Hill. You were doing great, Rosemary, till you got to that line. And then you kind of, you know, this thing that they sent us at hops. I've noticed, every time I look at it, I think of Jack Thompson. Do you really think there's anything to that? A little bit too big, too. Remind me of Jack. Good point. Okay, let's take our last break here. It's eight minutes before 11 at W. You want to thank me in Water Hill for this neat little, what would you call that? At the mometer. No one wants to know that it's got a thermometer on it, but it's a thing. And it says, if you must smoke, please don't exhale. Well, I bet you somebody I know opened a front of the building, but I'd like to have that. Our general manager is a fanatic non-smoker. Anti-smoker. Not just a non-smoker. There are a lot of us who are non-smokers, but he's an anti-smoker. Militant. And a hostile. So that's why whenever you're upset, you always go through the big, with a dark, dark, and dark, and you're nothing. Blow it in this face. My name is Paul Gable. Hello. Hi. I have your quotation for you, Neil. It's a lot of tangled, web-weaves when first we practice. To DC. That's excellent. That's the one. And the little bobbing drink it that you have there is, that's called a bombick or hairy. Don't say it. All right. She's right on track. For the imagination nothing. It's hopping. Sure, a little bobbing drink it that you have. It's great. All right. And I'm your friendly fundamental bad disc and that's a part. Calling with your quotation. And now I can go on with my life. You're going to stay here being here. And I'm very happy about that. Great. Well, listen, have a wonderful life. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. What was so funny about that? What just happened on the phone now? Look at that. Oh, we haven't had a situation like that on the phone in months. Must be Richard's doing something up there in the control room. Look at that. I'm almost all just right there when she left. All the lines were lit. And I like most of them are gone. Are they back? See they're back. What happened to them? Was that a glitch? Is Southern Bell sabotaging our phones? Of course. Of course. Or is that electrician mucking around the back there again? Boy, that guy's staying in our phone guys and the buildings. Yeah. Oh, they're changing the phone system. So all you people out there in the audience if you get disconnected or hung up on. Don't get mad at us. Don't blame us. We're nice guys. Blame these maniacs who are putting in this phone system. Exactly. I hope they really get, they are doing it. And I hope they really get into what heavily like Friday. Because that's a day my vacation starts. And you want to have a wonderful time. Aren't you going to be doing the show Friday? Looks like it. Well, I hope you have a ball here. It ought to be a lot of fun. Thanks. What? You're going to be doing some shows too aren't you? Like one at least. Well, that's not over do it. Yeah, much. That's Monday. Maybe Tuesday. Maybe you would be good on Tuesday. Yeah. What are they? You could call up Bruce Williams and they could do a two-man show. They could do. Tell everybody. Hey, did you sell for the Tony? Dumbrews Williams joke. That would be a good show. Okay. Here he is. Mr. Attorney himself. Mr. Dumm joke himself. Michael Walker. He says 11. And we'll come back in 11.06. It's lines in date. I don't understand what's happening here this morning. They're just like here one minute. And they're all gone the next. It's like, well, a big crisis is over. Screw him now. You know, like, what kind of attitude is that? Unbelievable. 624, 94 hundred and a. And I have the greatest card in the history of all of our mail right here. Cat recipes. And on the front of the card, it shows a picture of a real ugly cat. It says from this to this and then show something on a cracker. Easy to make. Easy to bake. See recipes inside. And you open up the card. And the four recipes are for kitty fritters. Kid and canary keesh. Curried cat. And rotisserie rotisserie Chinese cat. And the given idea. I want to give the cat lovers real excited. The rotisserie Chinese cat. It says this is a splendid recipe to develop for use with modern electric rotisseries when the when done the catch would be crisp on the outside and almost jet black. And it has the ingredients. One five to six pound cat salt and parsley to taste. A quarter cup molasses Chinese brands preferred. Half a cup of soy sauce, quarter cup of sherry and a small clove of garlic. One wash and clean cat being certain to dry well. Well, inside and out, sprinkle the cat cavity with salt and insert the parsley. Trust the cat securely. Fold the legs under and tie close to the body. Tie the hind legs together. Then bring the tail across the chest and tie securely around the neck. Make sure that all legs are tight. So it's not to break off during cooking. Two combined. Remading ingredients to the saucepan and heat of plain for five minutes. Three inserts. Spitrod through cat cavity balancing it carefully. And four roast until tender about two hours, basting every 15 minutes. When done, drumstick meat is tender when touched. Hahahaha. Oh boy, this is my favorite. And I heard some old bag calling a Alice. It was his only, he had like ten minutes in a show. That yesterday was the only quality goodbye. And she was going on a sued old bag from New York about, Wow, she had did some of these house. She didn't like cats and only crude people don't like cats. Those of us who love cats are smarter. Oh boy, she was great. So I hope she's listening today. And I hope she's got her microwave all worked up. Let's go to sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you doing? I'm a toy settlement. And I keep hearing the sound in the background on your show today. Yeah. And I've got an interesting story about those little Richard and pho them. The guy's not touched him. The girls were them. Grabbed them the line about the latch and hopped old screen. But absolutely no reaction to the guy. I know some guys who touch him. Well, some guys. I'm just in general. General speaking. He's never a hundred percent. And you can tell from your listening audience. Coverman Thompson. Yeah. Sir, but I'm in a hundred percent score. Are you a grab thing, sir? Go on. A lot better. Thank you. Thank you very much. OK. Can't imagine why the women in Schaufflor would do that because most of them are less be in any way we've already decided that. So, well, maybe it's kind of an SNM thing. Hollywood, hello. Yeah. Just tuned in. One to see how the big power went this morning. The operational on from up north. Why didn't you tune in and turn a clock? I was in my office working as soon as I got to know. That's no excuse. Just concerned. Hello listeners. My tainted again. Everything is just sensational. They love me. I have the full support and all of that other good stuff. All right. Well, I'm real glad to hear that. There may be one or two things that we won't be hearing again. But, you know, life goes on. It's right. It's, uh, some of Neil Rogers is better than other law. Exactly. And that's what I told them. I was going to ask you. Did you, uh, okay. Good. You put them in their place. Or did you have to? Well, it was, I described it as a spirited meeting. I think that's a very diplomatic way of describing it. Yeah. Well, um, I'm, um, I'm real glad to hear it worked out. And, um, keep it up. Keep going a good job. Okay. Listen up. We'll try. Okay. Thanks. Okay, bye. Twelve minutes past eleven at WI and Z. It opened line in Broward 524. Ninety-four hundred. Where did the, you know, who disappeared? So he's just erratic. He just flies around like a butterfly. In fact, there's a great recipe in here that I think he would really enjoy. He could even be a part of it. It's called Kit and Canary Keesh. It says this is very special pie. Long a favorite in France is only now gaining popularity in America. Maybe served either as an appetizer or a luncheon dish. And one of the ingredients for the recipe is one plucked and de-bone canary. Which I think would be sensational or maybe just a small culture would do. Kit and canary Keesh. Did you hear the recipe for rotis or re-chinese cat? Yes, they did. Delicious. They were trying to pluck me out in the hall. Do you see this from this to this? Oh, you got to wish we had TV. Easy to make. Easy to bake. From that ugly cat to a beautiful little dish. And just a matter of minutes. And you open the bottom of the card. Has a big meow. Some people are upset about this. Are they really? Oh yeah. We have cat lovers in the building. Not in the building, but in the audience. Oh, we've already gotten calls. No. But how do you know people are upset about trust me? That old bag they've called Alice yesterday. She's upset. There are some other radio stations in town. You know like stations where they play your voice? Oh yeah. Which one could that be? I don't know. But they may flip their noodle over this, huh? And maybe noodles ought to be flipped over very lightly. And then breaded and cooked to a turn. Oh, a crisp turn. God, I'd love to do that. I like crisp stuff. You know, like when you bake something like a, you know, like prime rib when you get the end cut that's real crisp on the end. You know? That's how I like my stuff cooked. We have the microwave, the wind's microwave. We don't have any food coming in here today, I hope. No. Thank God. No. Enough is enough already. Oh, and by the way, I was in, you better write this on the log again. Fraskaddy's last night. Hmm. There in, um, tamarind. Yeah. And that hillbilly kind of strip shopping center. What a fine place that is. And they're open for lunch now. Yeah. And you know, and I just mentioned that in passing. Because I pay when I go in here, I don't get any freebies. You can go to the bank on that. But they're open for lunch now. They told me and I thought I would mention that. Great. Is that okay? I mean, wrote it on the log. Great. F-R-A-S-C-A-T-I. Fraskaddy's Fraskaddy. It's my friends at Fraskaddy. It's our listening. Maybe you could prepare some of these delicious delicacies that we've been reading about like Curry, Cureed Cat, and Kitty Fritters. You know, like on a lunch menu, some lighter fare. Because I saw a couple of real meanji looking cats run around outside. Maybe they can, you know, they don't put up. Absolutely. Sure beats poof folks. I'll tell you that. Miami Beach, hello. Oh, yeah. Yes. Uh, do you know that the American Christian cause is sending out to Christians to stop ABC, CBS, and NBC? It's a world-undably values. It seems that that picture, I think, that has a, uh, thumbnail, and he gets drunk and they're against it. Yeah. So, okay. Well, listen, I sure appreciate the information. Miami, hello. Hello? Yes. Oh. This is great. I've been trying to call you to support your cause. And I also wanted to know if you got my letter with the clipping from the Anchorage and this paper. I sure did, but we made it all the way to Anchorage and that in the end, I thought didn't even know what my name was. Well, I guess he didn't want to give you that much publicity, yeah. The city, yeah. And I have a bit of it. It was really interesting. We were on a single Anchorage. We were also in a little town called Homer, which is, you know, as you would expect in Alaska, it's a little fishing village. And we're having breakfast and behind us. There were people from Howandale. Wow. And we turned around really fast to see if the sweet low was disappearing. I bet you that's where all that Alaska and Silver were came from. What were you doing in Alaska, man? It was a big case. Oh yeah, I used to live up there, you know? No. I lived there for two years. Are you serious? That's what it was. Fairbanks. That's what it was. I think they're a lot of birds messing up there. See, when you live in a real, super cold weather for long and have it like freezes up parts of your brain and never thought out again. Maybe it helped you keep longer. Yeah, it does. It's a pattern. Yeah. Sometimes here in this studio, like we're aging meat in here or something. Well, Glenn, have you tried any of the sunflower seeds yet? No answer. He's just, what are you talking about? He just ate one. That was in my letter, too, about the kind of bird seeds that helped birds to chirp more of a hoodie flee. No, I haven't tried any yet. I think some of those would be great in that the curried cat recipes would fit in for free. There's a thought with a parsley and a three-pounder and a few sesame seeds. They would be great. Anyway, I'm going to make a tape of my bird yesterday he was listening to you and he was just chirping away like crazy and whistling and thing his name over and over again. What is his name? My bird's name? Yeah. Boy George. He's quite a bird. Boy George. I bet he rinds his bird's side saddle, huh? Sometimes. So the message coming on the screen, they are requesting. What is this request hour again? Oh, they want to hear the crepitation of that. I haven't had time to put that on tape. I was in a meeting until two minutes before I came on the air. Now do we dare play that tomorrow? Tomorrow. Okay, yeah. Tomorrow. When he's safe, there's nothing wrong with that record. It's funny. He just got a few sounds in it like, just nothing wrong with it. I heard part of it. It's hilarious. Oh, it's incredible. Well, I just wanted to congratulate you on winning and on winning one. Well, you get to stay here. Oh, is that winning or is that losing? I think that's debatable to be honest with you. I thought you liked South Florida. I'm not going anywhere. I do like it here. I love it. The climate is great and the people are so friendly and so so beautiful. Nice. Great. There's so pretty. But it's so progressive here. We've got a wonderful governor and the politicians are also sharp and it's great. I like the way how courteous everyone is on the expressway. Exactly. And all our such expert drivers here, it's great. What could, what the hell could anybody want? I don't know. You know what I'm saying? In a way they shoot each other. Exactly. Precisely. The only thing we're missing. Thanks to do that here. I think that'll be next week, probably. We like to copy anything they do in California. Well, all the trends start out there. You bet. Yeah. Okay. Well listen. Yeah, it hurts. That's what the comment is it hurt. Well, have a wonderful day and a great life. And we'll see you on the sawgrass expressway. Okay. Okay. See that's a good thing on us. You five at W.I. and Z. No forget, Stan Major is going to be a long and he's going to give you a play by a play. Probably taping the conversation in the doctor's office today. And he's going to give you a play by play of everything that went on. No question about it in my mind. Okay. What now? What happened to our guests? You notice when you don't want him in here, you can't get rid of him. On those days, when you have something specific that you were going to ask him, he's like a butterfly today. He's here one. Many of these go into the next. He's like the callers. Can't believe these people here today. They're just hopeless. Absolutely hopeless. The door of the studio swings open. There he is. What, what do we, what is this today? You want us to beg you? I mean, most days, we can't get rid of you. They hate you. I'm doing work. It's stirring. Well, if anybody in the sun can smile like that, I don't buy that for a minute. Unpressant at it in his lifetime, he's doing work. Now, the question I wanted to ask, we do have another. Now that the big crisis is over, we have a mini crisis. A little bit. What? Like Friday, I'm going to vacation for 10 days. Oh, it's like, no, it's like, what? What are all the, all different aspects to this question? It's the question right. There are several different aspects to the question. Like, where am I going? Yeah, well, I'll put it up until like an hour and a half ago. I didn't even know for sure what to do. That's why we haven't. And John and his mother are going to Hawaii. We hope they have a wonderful time. We spoke to him this morning. And the reason why this is not all planned out is because it vacillated. I mean, it was, it was changing from day to day one day. You were going, next time you weren't going. So I waited until this, until all the dust settled. It hurt. And it's going to all fall together. Don't worry. We'll work on it the rest of this week. Everything will be fine. Life will go on. It'll be okay. But where am I going? That would be a good question for the audience. Wouldn't it? You were going to postpone their several people in there who have a suggestion. I'm not postponing anything. I just said that on the year in a moment of, um, I know crisis. In a moment of crisis. You don't run away in the middle of a crisis. I know. I'm still in the middle of a full blown crisis. And I wish. I know. And we're not. Okay. Crisis has passed. It will be. Everybody loves me. I'll do Friday shows. Like when a general manager of baseball team gives, like when George Steinbrinner gives his manager a vote of confidence. Yeah. And like three days later, they get fired. Spendale's going to do Saturday. Oh boy. Can I reconsider this? Holy kidding, Mike. Why is he so sensitive? Why doesn't he cut that out? Mike Wolf's going to do a show. If Tom Jick gets back from LA in time, he's going to do a show. And what if he doesn't? Then he won't. Good thinking. How about Linda Thornton? She could do a show. I don't think she wants to. I don't think she wants to do, uh, come into this. No, no, I don't know. I'm just kidding. I'll ask her. That hurt. I just kidding around Linda. I'll ask her. I think you have so much BS that I'm so available. One day you're telling me, she just fine. Everything is good. She loves you. She does. Everything's great. Everything's copious. I was kidding. I wrote that great article last week. The Gary got hysterical about about the FM doing talk. And all this. She does. I'll do the reason. So I love she's. So what's the problem? There is no problem. I was just joking. Honest. See, now I know what the audience means when they're not sure if I'm joking or if I'm serious. Because with you, that's the convenient cup of. Yeah, you're going to make some outrageous. You're the rubber human statement. You're the one. You're the one. And then oh, I was just joking. I thought when he gets caught with a nervous cackle. I was just kidding around. So that's like a couple of shows. And what else? Who else are you going to bring in here? We can replay the best of Colonel North. That's a couple of days when we do that. No, we're not. No, for my dead body will do that again. Oh, who knows what'll happen. It'll be all right. It'll all fall together. Sure. Bring a couple of people off the street. We're going to go this. We're going to say, Mark is coming back. He can do a show. We're going to go that and the K-mart. I think Bobby's going to do a show. Bobby could do a show. Of course. In fact, he's coming into tomorrow. I can start my vacation early. That's right. I wouldn't. I would not be away from here. They went Bobby. Who else would you like to go? Who else would you like to show? So all he is a good guy. He's a friend. That's all I do. I know. I'll call me show. I'll call him. Not for dinner. The captain I'll call me show. Good. Like to do a show. Of course. And Bishop and Lucia? Who are some of our Lucia? Truck driving. It's a topic we've never touched on this show. No wonder why. The noodle for cat. I think it'll be him Friday. Donald could come in and do a show with us. Yeah. Oh, we would love that. Oh, you bet. He has a crush on this show. I know. He does. use specifically not me I think he's being crushed by that show that's another stir I think they're crushing themselves they're just really disorgan well he is no help I'll be it for me to talk about other shows in the market however let's take a call from lighthouse point maybe they got some good ideas for my vacation hello hey I I was calling about the crepitation contest but you're already entered that but I want to hang up yeah I really apologize because I had every intention of playing it today but it's about a 15 or even a 20 minute cut and it's got to go on a cassette and I was tied up in that monumental meeting until about two minutes after 10 and came rushing in here so well I first heard that about 16 years ago you know how old that is and I was about 20 years 20 years old no it's from 1933 are you kidding it's like 54 years old I can't believe it but that's what they said it is so funny and all of you out there on radio land if you're driving down 95 when he plays it oh well W on the floor is hysterical a previous year's winner is just qualified at the end because let's say you had a run of bad luck yeah and I'm looking forward to hearing it okay tomorrow for sure any idea what time I guess I'll listen all day how's that okay that's a good idea okay thanks Nancy needs what oh bumper stickers okay well I'm not even smoking a cigar and I'm smoking it's catching from major you notice how he chokes on the year all the time I keep telling the man enough with it one thing to smoke a little nice extra light mild cigar but he smokes these big disgusting gut rotting oh like smoking in H bomb yeah those of you who've ever seen those footlong hot dogs that they've got and don't start getting carried away that's what those cigars look like I mean those are just bombs is what they are in order in the show you hear him you know what is he gonna cut it out and today he's at the throat doctor of all things shame on you stand Miami Beach hello hello Daniel how are you okay don't take on the bread when he takes off he's running around from one branch to another I know flitting around these flitting right just near the bank it's not the head on to the bank if you any indication of the pros and cons you know the telephone calls and the letters oh I didn't ask and that because I don't care about that I'm not interested in that I mean the you know only barometer are the ratings and a number of people are listening to the show I don't care about that but they obviously were overwhelmingly favorable yeah because I called up and I sent a letter and I appreciate that one of K.A.T. and I couldn't do that to me take you off the air yeah I listened to anybody ever tell you about Mr. Rico once I engage you in a debate and if need be you'll come to your studio to do so well you talk about desperation you know Mr. Eagle I hear through the fact this is something we were going to get into yesterday and it slipped my mind one of the rumors I was talking about but the rumor is that Mr. Eagle is not too happy over there in the Isle of a you know what oh yeah yeah well couldn't happen to a nicer guy oh he's disgusting I remember him from a land where he's just fired out of three jobs just headed lucky when he came here well you know he just he hit it lucky because he moved into a station that already had a well established audience and he benefited from that I'm because he'll be out and I'll get a job yeah right I was not competition even they didn't get a decent writing for exactly and now things are not so rosy over there so I think that in spite of all of that money he's going to find that the short term may not have been such a great idea oh you have no idea how long it's compacted three years yeah well don't be so sure about that part of it well they'll live a day I guarantee you well in the next book comes out they're going to be a lot of people ruined the day yeah right so he wants to debate me on what he didn't say but he just was right to debate you yeah tell him there's a fat chance oh sure he's inviting himself kind of like Jack Sullivan he want Jack Thompson he wants to invite himself on the show well I knew you wouldn't do it I know you haven't said you would say appreciate no way you sorry for that okay thanks very much and I'm glad you here a new stay here for forever life is wonderful right okay see you later for a lot of day hello hello hi congratulations you're still here I'm glad you're well how about that yeah thank you wonderful you know if I'm just a couple questions though they do you you could have gotten anywhere you wanted at this point I think it seems it's gone for the worst well I kind of indicated that to them yes you keep but you keep saying how cold I'm cold wonderful the Miami South Florida area is and yet you I didn't say that I didn't say that don't put words in my mouth well then you were saying how great everything was and how courteous the drivers were I was I was being I was being sarcastic about that you took that seriously I know you're being sarcastic okay yeah if you could have gone anywhere I'm glad you're here I'm glad you're here I just wanted to know why you were because I like the weather I lived up north for 30 years and I don't like that whether I can't handle it I really can't and after you've lived in Florida for a few years your blood thins out and when you go back up north and you're on it get just a couple of those chilly days you're like on a verge of pneumonia and I don't think I could survive that again yeah and I I wish I would show me your myself you know all the young the all the young people that were born here and have grown up here and lived most of their lives are all of their lives here they don't know how lucky they are I mean they have they have they have missed a lot of other things but but as far as the climate is concerned and far as the wear and tear on your body well I tell you that's it's a killer one of the questions though my husband wants to know that if he could send in a tank he'd be sent in a blank tape he'll pay any amount of money like you know he'll pay money to have any of the band quote unquote bands so yeah he doesn't have to pay money just have a sense of cassette we got a whole bunch of stuff will put on there for wonderful he especially wants to hear the i95 it's on there so I say the word sure okay I'll say it you want to hear the i95 that's all it's on there but okay so where do I send it to or can I just get the address off the phone broker so W i and z my m e three three oh five three oh five and this would attention the birds okay okay and I'm glad you're back thanks a lot thanks so much you wanted the best thing to happen to radio down here bar none thanks okay bye bye bye 24 till noon at W i and z look at all this good stuff what is that oh that you know that is dirty okay we can't describe that that's for Stan no no this one's for Stan another one man this is what do you do with this you don't wear this around your neck to the kitchen oh it's a keychain isn't that cute boy they're doing dirty things and they're we're not gonna talk about that see we don't do that stuff on this show and so they get the call their for luck and look what they're doing on on this one is cute look at that it's a moving one and they're doing some wild stuff on this so whatever this is on this keychain look at that now who's this sport oh you for me to take the call for good luck and where's the one for that one for me and here's Stan it's still excellent oh that's the one that's got nobody on the other end of it just Stan okay let's take a break it's 20-3 before noon at W i and z it will come right back 20 minutes before noon we have another break this all right though that's it we did it all for he is just so efficient I mean almost to a fault only kidding now just kidding cheerful and efficient exactly we have a letter here to you which is really astonishing from the desk of John's Cipriano in Boka yep mr. Glenn Hill W i and z my m e dear mr. Hill I am a Paul that these sleazy jokes that have been aired about Pope John Paul the second by your blank this job in heel Rogers I do not listen to your radio station and what a not of known of this scum had I not read it in the newspaper I will write to the advertisers and let them know how I feel as well sign John Cipriano Boka Raton I do like that it doesn't even listen to the station allegedly wets something in the newspaper and now is gonna write letters to the advertiser I'm sure the advertisers are really concerned about people who don't even listen to the station I mean that's cloud you know what I'm saying now what sleazy stuff about the Pope the pub's mob's down the pub's okay well this call from Boka could be mr. Cipriano hello John oh oh sorry okay well I'll be taking a chance I don't have the intensity the John does okay I'm poor are you appalled yes I definitely appalled and I Petered Mary and John too good hey I like Glenn I think he's a great addition to the show well nobody's perfect I'm all disappointed in the although I think that far as Gilbert's concerned I think he kind of gave into him on what well I think I see I you know as I've listened to you for you know I guess service has been down here at daytime and on the daytime I think you know over the last couple of weeks you've been talking about the situation with Maine everybody's writing a lot of the letters you talked about this big meeting I think that you came out of the meeting and I get to impress you just listening to you that you had to give into a lot of their demands on what see the tone I just did on what the tone of the show is not what it was well I just I think the tone of the show is not what it was I'm just I've just just come back from about three days of almost the nervous breakdown I understand I'm trying to come back into some kind of sense of humanity and you're telling me the tone isn't what it was and what we expect well I think first of you know they eliminate a lot of your card you know you can't play like how many how many why I can't count them I don't know I just only two that I know of I think there's a lot of them that you're not gonna be able to play like what what would you like to hear like what here the I 95's no that's the that's one of the two I mean two cards are not gonna make the whole show this show is on long before we ever played that record well I just think that you know I came down from New York and you know man I got to the point I was in top management I wasn't CEO but I was in top management yeah and they always beat you down and I finally started my own business and I just think well I'm ready listen if you want to underwrite it I'm a great fan here is obviously and I just think that these these people in the top management you know they're gonna win because they own the goddamn thing well I don't know question about that I mean you know you can compromise to a point but in the long run they've got the upper hand they own it yeah well that that's the bottom line is they're saying to shame because I think you know I don't think there's any shame I don't think we've lost anything I mean at the first of all the I 95 record was played eight million times and if it's the difference between that and I just starting all over again someplace else I'm not gonna worry about that I mean if if what if my whole career was hanging on that record that I wouldn't have very much going for me I understand that insertly it's not all I'm saying is I just see it difference in the tone and it's can you all over the course of the next couple weeks you know I'm gonna see it but I just want listener to say and I don't see any difference in the course of the tone of the show I mean you know in fact I'm almost as like I'm back in that meeting again because what got me up said was I kept hearing these generalities and I kept asking for specifics and he couldn't give me any and you're doing the same thing about the tone what happened what is it we're not talking about I mean you know the fact is I didn't go to win Dixie last night so I didn't have any stories to tell today you know but if I had something to tell you it would be there believe not that I think it's too early to panic sir okay well no let's all panic I enjoy when everybody panic a lot of fun well I'm not panic well why not come on it would be a lot of fun if we could all panic oh now now you don't have to start gets smart at I'm not smart I'm just having some fun with you not don't you're getting upset you're getting up tight I think that's a sound remark that he makes it too early to make a decision but I just noticed just in the last two days I know two or three days ago this is Gilbert's who was gonna come down here in this guy time oh that was good wasn't that was great yeah well the tone of that call chain he's right what he said yeah I mean I know where that worked out on the year and I'm not gonna put him back on because you guys getting worked up into a frenzy and obviously has a great sense of humor completely misunderstood yeah that's very when you place this boy yeah things of the his panicking isn't he let's panic there's panic in the streets a WINZ let's all panic come on to show has been different the last couple days because we've been because we've been didn't even know what the hell was going on but now that he's been thinking about over and changing under where a lot we're gonna go back to we are back we're gonna put on our old underwear exactly so don't come near the building let's go to Hailea hello yes okay okay you didn't hear what he said well he was on hold no it's on the year you're on hold yeah not on the year hold yeah okay so you had the quick finger oh yeah that's not getting into that sure let me ask you glad now you doing great is this deep throat no not at all land or remember or land though from your land though and how how done no relation and when you got me lunches number we talked long time ago oh sure yeah I said oh Neil listen I want to oh yeah I know this is so Orlando good by the way I put in the good word for you you're waiting a minute look at this one moves too did you see that I can't believe we're looking at these key chains boy but you'd like one of these oh yeah I've seen those before they do some wild thing yeah yeah Neil is a state to say that and if you do them long enough your key pops right off the chain I can't believe it the other crisis has passed yeah that's good because I was in in a panic stage myself but I was way down a brow right now just get a chance to get off the car and give you well anytime I get into broward I go into panic stage and of course living there you know that explains a lot yeah I'm glad to hear everything is fine well let me ask you a question do you think the tone of the show has changed I don't know I don't know in fact I was glad to hear everything is just the way used to be I think so yeah last caller I think is a little bit premature you can see him and he got a wrap up in himself before you know he was going well for handle yeah I got carried away body's emotional you know and I don't worry about you guys doing the heck of a job in fact I think it would have been a panic stage if those people had done what they wanted to do you know as far as banning whatever you're doing I think everybody want to really go on the deep six yeah I was ready for it well if the guy thinks the tone is changed I'm gonna solve that because it known I'm going into the WI and Z Kitchen and we have one machine that's got food that's guaranteed to make you sick okay and there's one thing that's in there too but I got a better than that I got the WI and Z meatball mozzarella sandwich and they're right you're my boy we love your favorite cat and I'm gonna tell those things make me so sick that I could just go so that'll make it better for him great there and deep tone changer you got it let me ask you you know I was thinking in memory of this Mr. Jack Thompson I'm like a fool every time I heard him on the radio I was thinking about taking my dog and shaving his rear end thinking of picture and making the commander to pose that would be great I think we probably get some artist out there to make a big poster or to do something cute with it so to speak we need something to remember Jack yeah that would be good I think he might even like it so much he could turn him into business card probably yeah all of his clients you bet they probably would recognize himself too yeah well we'll get the tone change back you know I out in the sun I get my tone in a way a light chocolate you know I don't eat taking off right I'm going away where do you think would be a good place to go how about New Orleans I'd not be bad for a couple of days I heard you're out there it's hot it's hot real hot it's for it you know going down to the keys of the bunch of people and you join us down there all pass on there I don't want to spoil my image okay have a great day thank you both good luck oh my now where would be a good place I know every time I bring this thing up boy it goes over like a pregnant pull vault around a hot July day in New Orleans they just will not talk about well this is not a traveling crowd now you gotta understand that the traveling people are all gone you're all out of town right I don't know you're people have gone off to school you do realize I didn't mention that to me the other day and it's a good point yeah we have lost a lot of that younger crowd have gone off to college in fact yesterday there were a couple of people to call to say goodbye so if any of our young listeners our college age type list is one a call to say Adios a rupid orange and we can wish them good luck getting back tell them to reconsider they'll be bad I mean what kind of loyalty is that one of these stick around and support this show this is much more important I mean who the hell needs him going off to tell a hassy and gainsville and it's like the silly people you see going to school an Auburn miss a city or is it all Alabama I don't know Alabama Auburn Alabama I don't even I think so or is it Mississippi well I think all of Chris and finally Auburn miss a city yeah I think so that's what I originally said it doesn't sound right Auburn Alabama I don't know they both well yeah they're both the same anyway you know like yeah yeah I don't any young person want to go off there somebody went to Auburn Auburn somebody went there how old man Bert Jones went there I think no he went to LSU but that's the same thing that's like in Baton Rouge isn't Baton Rouge is in Mississippi no that's in Louisiana it's the capital boy I'll be right let's do a geography lesson with the bird when the bird flies over your house I think he's back in Alaska folks he's just a totally lost yeah Baton Rouge Mississippi one of my favorites it's like Louisville Ohio it's another one of my favorites city or Rochester Texas another one of my real favorites and Batavia Michigan and the cities I were going to call him as who is constant another message my Amoeba very good a Van of Florida my suggestions were to go yeah the Atlantic city forget it are you oh I mean if I could put my foot down my throat not just my finger that is them I've you ever been there never okay see here's a guy like he ought to be a travel agent okay he thinks Baton Rouge is in Mississippi he wants you to go to Atlantic City never been there in his life once you give us a little critique on the race track too you have such expertise in that area I've been at the race track yeah I know Baham probably in the aviary how about the Baham you know he's been in the aviary with the flamingos at highly that was a trip to the race track forget the Baham though I will rip off city I'm not going or even for this nice little booze thing they said I'm not going there fast Vegas Vegas is a possibility but you can only go to Vegas for like two maybe three days at the most maybe unless you get lucky and if I got out of your lucky I wouldn't stay there all of the great thing about Vegas you go to Caesar's and you go to the sportsbook and have all the tracks and all the racing forms and you sit there and you can even bet colder there I know oh for that's haven't been on Hollywood Park and the fairground you will consider Vegas you'll take it on your favorite race course Arlington you take it out of consideration the Arlington million is coming up isn't it from Chicago on September 6 I think you can see and bet it at colder and since we gave you a job a gold in the traverse Saturday I won't be here though then no that's so you're on your own all you handy campers out there you're on your own I listen I want you to get out to colder today have a great day there's no racing just get out there relax get some sunshine you can't lose a dime and you can't get in the gate either but just kind of hang around by their front gate and just we can all have a couple of the you have a box lunch out there the holiday and all the colder crowd waiting for tomorrow for post time that's great to me and I think Mike and Zollis has got eight mounts tomorrow maybe Michael call in today or he is I'm so proud of Mike and Zollis but he is just great now he didn't have a great day Sunday but listen had a lot of seconds and then of course the one race I bet against him he won it again he did that to me again he always does it I had like a six one or something whatever the numbers were perfect and here that is six nine and here come the two horses in the you shouldn't use those numbers but that's what they were into the stretch in the lead okay all alone and here comes Mike Gonzalez with a two from nowhere and just you know he beats me shame on you Mike how long they'll hello yeah how you doing it great we're glad everything worked out for you first you're meeting the concern yeah we're still here sir they still can't get us out of the time let's see but when I try to see ground they can't you've been doing a set like three days as tall you disappoints as far as the corporate's concerned you know and he had your meeting this morning and don't you think you're cutting your audience a little short as far as what happened to you know and I think he's gonna work out for you in the future what does that mean I mean what would you like to know I thought of that again you know you said all the things that were bothering you as far as corporate's concern under demands upon yourself and how you might go to like a different station down here yeah so now everything stitches and cream and I'm wondering what did they say to you to make you so happy all the time well we had we thrashed it all out I said it was a very what was the word that I used a very it is getting something that's you know like going to come back to you in the future all I I don't have a crystal ball but I mean for right now they're supportive and they understand where I'm coming from and they're gonna leave me alone that's all that contract or anything to you know be ready to spirit in conversation you know we had it out that's the way to put it up and then we had it out now it's not still out look let me say something to you and you were you have do you have you listen to me listen to me do you have your own business yeah I'm gonna call for the diplomat boy yesterday okay so you work for somebody else all right okay now anytime in life when you work for somebody else and I've said this consistently you are subject to their whims I mean if they wake up one day and they decide that we want to play a Chinese melodies on this radio station they own it so I don't have any crystal ball but I have no reason to believe that that's gonna happen they sweet thrice well that's what I told them I think they got that message I think they got that message I'm trying to find out is a matter of fact Mr. Gilbertson said to me we're talking about the pope and he said if I were doing the show I would you know attack this and I wouldn't attack the pope personally I said you're not doing the show I said if you want to go in there and do it go ahead I'll sit in here and you go in there and do it and the fact is that he's not doing the show right although I would pay to listen to that I would love to hear him do the show but I'm both I would be monitoring anymore well I think Jack will be monitoring okay well I wish you the best of the future everything's kosher trust me okay very good thank you were a monitoring you out here all the priests have their little transistor radio is under their robes and they're twisting their knobs frantically well that's good excuse oh I was just adjusting my Sony my walkman that's what they all say at the rectory well I'm not so sure that might be actionable I'm not so sure I'm actually they got big closets in those rectory if it's and if you go in there like in the middle of the night open up the door is boy all these people fall up probably even a few alter boys in there too just in case of emergencies there's another fallen cat like their majors of fallen cantolic and mr wolf over there is a fallen can after we put you in the bathtub upside down for an hour you can be baptized to be a cat like too I love that baptizing stuff for that's my favorite yeah and some of these wild nuts you know they take you out to like the ocean or all right they do he's laughing it's true they like to the nearest body of water or like it was sesspool whatever it is an immediately they dunk you in there and now all of a sudden you're your kosher you know here comes a message they miss the dirty oh this ought to be good the dirty songs oh that's good what dirty songs oh that's great I just got through with a hole I could 45 minutes this morning we don't do dirty stuff and now we got people calling and we they missed the dirty songs that one record you see I will rule the day that I ever played that on the air because now they can't live without it where does 30 songs okay we'll try to find you some during the news okay my Scott the headline CBS has the very clean straightforward news in note and we'll come back and find you some smut at 12.06 so please look at this from this to this this is great these are did you hear me read that one on the air yeah I heard the rotisserie chinese cat I like my favorite though is the kit in canary key shabbage you could substitute a vulture for the canary you know problem I'm gonna tell you an incredible story please it's just happened to me only moments ago as yes absolutely about that within the last 30 minutes great when you were reading that cat thing I was parked outside I had to go into public to get my uh prescription fill into public to get your prescription filled right and when I came out wait a minute since when this public filled prescriptions the big one over there by uh cemetery the lunch they do yeah boy I bet they do a landoff his business huh oh sure wow anyway uh I was coming out of publics and I saw this really good looking brunette and so I got in the car and she was going around the shopping center and so I kind of you know I was I was in my car and I thought well I'll just drive around here and see maybe she works on one of those places I'll check her out later so I drove her around the way the way the way the way the way the way the way the way the way let's load on you were following her around the shopping center she was walking and I were following her I was in my car and I was ready to come to work okay yeah but instead of going out the parking lot the way I would normally go I just kind of went around the corner of the of the shopping area to see what store she went in guess what store she went and guess who she probably is there is a veterinary clinic there called the cat house and she walked she got lost the door yeah she unlocked the door and went in isn't that incredible at all the time you're doing this recipe yeah that's how it is that isn't that's something isn't that something psychic there yeah the cat house you should have gone inside said what's cooking well I'm gonna book her on the show I'm gonna book her on a tool clock and we're doing what we're gonna talk about cats it to retaliate against you how wonderful cats are because I love cats she obviously loves cats man no no desperate no doesn't have anything to do with the fact she's she smiled at me and she's a lovely brunette has nothing to do with that of course well I was done I've lived before yeah boy this is just loaded up with that endmence you were witnessed by the way you saw I wasn't lying I would eight one of those meatball mong parmesan sandwiches yeah boy within about a half hour I'm gonna be so sick well this will kill the tent if I had a couple of those boy they'll really put me into like diabetic coma see the throat doctor sprayed something in my throat so you're okay don't have throat cancer I don't he's very good can I mention his name well we're right at on the log you soon as we talk about there doctor Duncan as in David Duncan has in Duncan don't I in sunrise on Oakland Park Boulevard boy is he good did you write that on a lock he is good doctor Duncan and he put me on k-flux and any doctor that puts me on k-flux I love yeah because you're hooked on that stuff right very expensive $28 you an alvice boy prescription drugs prescription drugs shame on you double cheese do you or what are those can I take a couple of those for the good okay let's go to I'll tell you what I'll take one or two of those in an adult drink one of these more Bahamas survival kits Miami hello yeah Neil how you doing how I'm fine how are you doing great good so small but song of the remake really doesn't do the angel justice at all you know I disagree with you I think it's a lot better than the angels really yeah yeah not at all anyway well I'm going back to school tomorrow so I want to check in but uh we're too will be listening to you where is that I have my walkmen you know between classes I see in other words you go to school here right I have one more year of my midday left isn't Auburn in Alabama or is it Mississippi I believe it's Alabama see we're not sure now I don't know I now I really don't know who the hell would want to go there anyway right I know I will after my after my midday I'm totally getting out of Florida but I'm not going to Alabama okay with the banjo on your knee well us in best of luck and we'll see you okay dear field hello yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't last week you took a poll you know that you were about the where where to keep to you but really burn yeah and all he locked in the polls and I can't understand you know you don't come in every morning you know it's a funny thing meal but now you hear him I get so nervous so upset good I broke my radio I'll tell you what I built sir I I love him yeah I love him I think he's a smart guy I think he's fantastic even if I am sitting in his chair you think he's a one you know what you know what a smart guy a schmandric I'm a man that you know something real I love to listen to you because there's nobody you know I can't believe I'm a smart guy oh boy yeah I'll least I love the guy why I'm because he was like hey he had another human just like you yeah you know that's what yeah black people think Bob grants good a lot of humor no question about that I don't care what they think you know I like Bob grant a brilliant dog and when I can't afford I thought I said I said I'm a wife who knows you listen to or be finally I found you dress that amy a drug up playing those songs not that you play but give us a break you know my wife's up listen to you she can't stand in me they know what is this stupidity of his math that continuously I don't mind of a person last but that's like I do you all boy you get the game of getting a gut and ammo I love him sir what is that I can go about it if you know that was that was Stan not me that was Stan that said that oh oh you said you said it yeah what are you following all I love the birds sir you love this what yep well you know I can't get the bird can come on my show anytime okay we'll put him on stand show how's that okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay audio get the stupidest things in the mail well you got one of those two yeah did you get one yeah I don't know why what's wrong with it why do you have to attack everything these people have good intentions and just because it's a dumpster mom it's it's one about smoking yeah same one give it to Gary he'd like to have at least about a dozen of these all over his office those militant non-smokers man the antis anti-smokers my amy hello deal yeah congratulations glad to have anything worked out up old you tell me what I'm gonna do with three cases of depend on undergarments well listen keep him on a stand by alert I think I'll send one case off to the pope I would send him over to IOD as matter if I can use them immediately this is a computer friend do you get my uh what to do with the bird were you the one that sent that yes you mean a cat recipes yeah recipes this is last week oh yeah yeah sure did yeah very good but okay I's the here you get thank you did you smoke up there in the big office this morning no I sure didn't I put out my still even for all in fact there I'm no dummy really there was smoke in the room believe me there was some smoke especially about a quarter to ten there got to be some real smoke in the room and we had a real what I can't think of the word that I used oh the one off the air that you used you can't you now the one that I used on here to describe the accession we had a spirited discussion yeah and I said listen if you want to go in there and do the show go ahead no problem you know I'll sit in here and I'll smoke my cigar just go in there and do it I mean the bottom line is you know we're not doing it and the real bottom line is when they begin to understand who these idiots are and when I show Bob the see he only gets selected things out of context but I showed him this sheet that I got from our friend Jack Thompson that looks like a little child wrote it you know and then of course you listen to him on here you're having fun yeah but this is a guy who's allegedly an adult and attorney no ass or whatever who belongs in a rubber room was behaving like a two-year-old child who suffers from terminal homophobia and bigotry and he's you know he's gonna tell us what to do and so the bottom line is that oh here's a woman in heat this ought to be for Stan hello oh there she is in a shower again roll your tape recorder as follows uh what did Mr. Goverson just disconnect that okay there's our live I and a sky mic hanging over a pubics it's 20 minutes past noon at w i and g let's take a look out into your eyes out there when I look out into your faces you know what I see I see a little bit of Elvis and each and every one of you out there let me tell you Elvis is everywhere man he's in everything he's in everybody Elvis is here jeans he's in your jeans burgers Elvis is in nutty buddies Elvis is in your mom he's in everybody he's in the jungle he holds the bat just getting white black in the browns and the blue people got Elvis in on the two Elvis is in everybody out there everybody's got Elvis in up everybody except in one person at his yeah one person be evil I'm a little bit of Elvis the N.D. Elvis and he almost got no Elvis and I'm gonna tell you Michael J. Fox has no Elvis in him Elvis is in the TV Elvis is in the body he's in the TV he's in the TV he's in the TV how man there's a lot of unexplained but not mine out there in the world but I think people say what the heck's going on who the fear of this Elvis who built his Elvis yeah man he got walking in the street pushing shopping cart and they think they're talking to Alah they're talking to them so many other talking to him Elvis Elvis Elvis you know what's going on that computer triangle he's having a computer triangle Elvis he's both Elvis he's both Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis Elvis he's both oh the sailing Elvis captain Elvis comador yeah man you'll be a better space people with matters space they come up to me they don't look like doctors find they don't look like clean ons all that Star Trek job it's like hell Elvis everybody in other spaces looks like Elvis because Elvis is a perfect means we're all moving to perfect peace and harmony towards Elvis this is the soon all will be calm Elvis everything everywhere will be Elvis what do you think of Elvis who's in any way it's really Elvis who's in love Elvis who's in love Elvis is everywhere Elvis is everything Elvis who's in love Elvis who's in love Elvis who's in love oh that's right ladies and gentlemen the time has come time has come to talk that little bit of Elvis and saturday talk to it call it up Elvis he'll be same man Elvis maybe before he'll get into the perfect Elvis light that's right you got that Elvis inside of him he's talking to you he's like he wants you to say everybody got to say like the king oh oh oh oh it's your living oh oh oh yeah oh oh oh oh everybody oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah we can use that for a whole variety of things we appreciate it great thanks a lot okay I wonder who told him that it couldn't have been the bird you know who could it could be okay we got a couple of open lines now and you know how that feels in date county 624 9400 and there's an open line in Broward 524 9400 I mean the audience today you would think would be excited and would be enthusiastic and what are we here you know wow we want to hear that dirty stuff again you know boy really desperate my amy beach hello yes we're going to keep you here nail oh I'm so excited nail don't overdo it listen I can I get semi serious for a minute please uh in regards to diet um you can make a joke about this after I finish a call but uh sometimes if you have an urge for Italian food yeah if you go on a store and buy a big can it's a madeo juice bring it home to pick it in a pot throw all kinds of spices in there yeah you got instant tomato soup and uh I'm pretty sure after you eat it nice hot soup you will have no desire for any Italian food no I'll just go out to lock in tuna right you can do that and then if you want to save the calories and the heartburn just try my recipe okay uh about VA well I don't go for the sugar in VA there's the sugar in there they put it under natural flavors you know yeah how about these donut holes I'm eating enjoy it about these little tomato they're loaded with sugar are you can go on the stand major diet junk food vanilla cookie diet and a lot of elements no I exercise sir and I don't drink you do exercise I jog do you really? yep great stand I think you're good sometimes he jogs at windyxie yeah open down the aisles I'm going to be jogging in front of the cat house and he jog really yeah he really does it so you wouldn't want to see it I mean it's enough to make it sick but it's great I even jogged in Phoenix can you picture that 115 to go yeah he and Tom like he used to go out and jog together sir did you watch the game last night I know I tried to bet someone on the game why would anybody show you why would anybody bring up because Joarsky is going to they play Philadelphia the Saturday in Joros he's going to start for the dolphins which is going to be an incredible story you know what you're going to go back to his filling teeth and forget about it you didn't see the game you don't know I saw the land you want to be right there oh he's my favorite well marina's going to get scared him and George was not a threat to marina but I've been struck finished well struck about 100 years old what do you want from the I love run Jorosky good well maybe we can fix the up with him anyway Neil you're going to stay here and this was a heavy drama okay well I think there's some people out there there's like a let down you know they expected me to either not be here today or to come on and have some melodramatic breath shaking breath taking something you know I did expect you to come on little nervous about what I don't know I think if there might have been somebody nervous in the building this morning but it wasn't me I think Neil's kind of let down too but that's because Neil likes a good fight now he loves how to good fight let's try to make it we had a good fight okay listen have a great life okay trouble maker Pembroke pine hello hello Neil you mentioned Bob Ray's yesterday yeah he's no longer a commissioner on the court gave us but he has a practice in attorney and he was one of the major leaders in that anti-gay movement back in 77 oh well I remember that yeah he and Anita were just like hand in hand and he also has been in touch with that doctor heffernet great yeah I've had feelings with him because he wasn't my attorney in a mouth practice lawsuit but he wanted me to go out and speak about anti-abortion groups and I would do it because I believe if a woman not to have an abortion that's up to her you know when people are obsessed with something when it becomes all encompassing like it is to the bob breaks of the world right they got a real problem you know you know he wants to be a judge in day county hmm and that is dangerous for man as being as prejudice as him yeah a beer judge well good luck to him okay and glad you're still on Neil thank you right by the twenty six before one at wins all a broad lines just wide open these people I'm cautioning you that today it's uh this is not like it has been interest at all interesting now it's the pressing the audience is their performance today is pathetic I mean they kept calling till 630 last night the day the whole new day now trust me five two four I mean why am I giving me these numbers out don't give the numbers out we've gotten beyond that we can give part of the number out five two four okay that's it that's all you get I'm gonna try that sometime you know what would light them up they're all it up if you started answer a full if you started not doing that again they are what happened to you yesterday like 90% of the calls for the first half hour yes only three out of four from date yeah right after that it was fine I had no problem today right we have any problem no problem we didn't have one other than jacktom sinucle and adjust the perfect time for about 20 seconds of self degradation other than that we had no problem in four hours you come on and at first hour was like every looney tune in the world been let out of the island not just three calls from day to night just three out of every four like this call around a mobile phone hello hello joe on a mobile phone yes listen I know stands there and I spoke to Sam last week and I told him to apologize to him good go ahead over the phone stand yeah I told you that we can call a spring what do you call the scene you see in the up people magazine and I know you were a little ticked off and it was the first time I ever participated on radio show with you and I do have to like you show very much and the guy of that you're up against I think you have more questions he does and I think I did bring up a source subject to you and you'll probably hung up on me and I apologize for maybe taking you off and I just hope you accept my apology because you're a gentleman and you know I didn't want to get on the wrong side of you I think you're a real creeps well anybody who would do what you did and then had the audacity to call this program and apologize it's just like I just want to call it this especially especially a suit on a mobile phone since I'm paying for you I'm paying for your mobile phone like taxes are going up as we speak to pay for your mobile phone I'm listening sir I'm impartial now sir I'm impartial don't blame me I still love you sir what did you do to him? you and your being on the computer I was out of town right and please keep going with the music and I saw the piece and people magazine I just wanted to have to stand in all that and I felt you were trashy and I wrote it too much and I you know I didn't think you deserve just the questions and the guy I was feeling and then you know when that was it and he hung up on the phone and me on and that was it I was really well upset and I stopped there but I was feeling you deserve deserve this sir you know I don't know what kind of guy is that right right you know what I mean so I don't know okay sir you're a good guy I'm a real creep you know that's what I am that's me I asked me you know I you know I got a little bit of a fish bag and I'm really not a nice guy I don't know how I can do back to me sir and I just wanted you know another one of these program directors on a mobile phone we've even got bomb Gilbert's in calling people douchebags now I feel like I've accomplished something to do and you know something he thinks you are a douchebag he knows that's all he's just now he came in the studio I said that callers a douche what he said the one thing I said the one thing I really want to know is what kind of car you're driving the car I'm driving you want to be credit not come on tell me oh boy I don't believe that I say it the new and seeing I love you both you got a great show keep tweeting on okay okay okay all right shut up creep okay okay listen we appreciate it you're still on to his bag okay on and on he will let him go it's 35 cents a minute that's why I'm leaving a mom don't you understand sir let me ask you another question sir let me ask you sir let me ask you how's your wife what's what I don't have one tell me more about yours you know tell you you know what I ask about your wife are you crazy you know you're wife called me after the show last night sir you're wife called me after the show last who is it your mother or you want to fix it up with my mother or you should be I wouldn't stop with you to with me you're a little bit you're a little bit you're a little bit sir sir that's what the show I want to talk about I mean who would marry a creep like you that would drive a a potty ex station with a mobile phone she sir where are you right now okay give us a traffic report okay how many kids do you have sir how many kids do you have how many kids do you have torture torture he's on a mobile phone it's cost him 35 cents a minute don't you understand you just want to do the talk just from an s and m standpoint that's your idea that's why I'm letting him go they want you officer how old are your daughter sir there are people running into control from sticking their fingers down their throats to their poopics they want you off how old are your daughter sir they're in five they do you toilet perfect for staying okay you're not my types sir how's your mother and officer I'm going to be a friend of mine I'm going to be a friend of mine sir you know I can't do it is that it is that it okay what do you think of your worstkey last night I think he has a better shot than Mr. Duceburg stock yeah he definitely does he's going to be at the new Michael Jackson movie driller okay good luck to you sir have a great life say goodbye goodbye I like people to say goodbye but I'm fully vulnerable I can never get that one just as always that little sorry good to me now little little violin somebody was you have a two got standby me down pet yeah nineteen before one at w i n z we're going to be talking with James howl when we come back after this break not to be out of the dumb by James howl we don't like that one option shit that goes on in a market I'm going to do a talk up now that is going to be so tight and so perfect that Ricky ticking may be in tears by what time is he come on about three what he's like on all day isn't he like every day constantly all day And I want them to listen very carefully when we introduce Pat Boone. Perfect. Each your heart out Ricky. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. Righty. It's a reversal to the lyrics. It's a reversal. Going to play. When I crong. OK enough. And like 30 seconds of Pat Boone, is all I can handle. Which goes to show you how your taste changes you get older. And when I was young, I could handle a lot of Pat Boone. I used to like a lot of friends. You know we got those pictures in your real eyes. There was not a lot to handle. But as a matter of fact, does that look familiar to you? You know. It's the bone and it's the walking bone in the box. Look at that. I can't believe it. And it doesn't walk very far even. I'd recognize Pad anywhere, you know? North Miami Beach, hello. Sonio. Hi. How are you? Great. I want to give a message to all those thumbs up there that talk about Tweetie. I think you're okay. An illness to 11, right? You bet. I thought I had a complaint. I think we're 11 and a lot now because we don't have a special hello to Glenn. And also to Mike in the newsroom. This is Charlotte from yesterday. And my complaint is yesterday. I sat there earlier. You guys were talking about this delicious food parmesan everything. I sat there and all you offer me was cheesecake. What are you talking about parmesan everything? We had parmesan cheesecake. No. I said earlier about an hour ago. You were talking about the parmesan. It wasn't delicious food. It was not Noah. It wasn't from an Italian restaurant. Dear, get your head put on straight. Would you please it was from the W.Y. And Z.C. cafeteria. It was. It was mung parmesan. Mung parmesan. Well, it was mung parmesan. It's kind of like mouse meat parmesan. But whatever was, it sounded good. Well, trust me. No, no way Jose. Okay. And next time am I going to get to meet you? Hey, listen, you could have met me yesterday, but we're just having a little nervous breakdown here. We had little crisis and everything just. The press for no reason. And if you happen to hear Bob Nellbert's doing a show tomorrow, you'll understand that we had a change of heart. I told him if you want to go in there and do his show, go ahead. Do it your way. He's not here. Are you there, Charlottes? Yes, I'm here. Are you having trouble following all of this? Yes, I'm following. Okay. Well, listen, we'll see you when you come and back. Well, since I can, maybe next Monday I'll pop in. Good, because I'll be on vacation then. You're going to be gone? Yeah. I have about this following Monday. I hear that Bob is coming back tomorrow to do a little work for us. Well, Bob, I'm going to hit a hell, Bob. You're going to be stuffing a couple of envelopes. No. I rather step them with plan or... Well, we don't want to get into that. We don't do that kind of material on his show, Charlottes. I know. And also his personality fits his voice. Exactly. Exactly. Kind of like a simple thing. Right. Yeah. He's a really nice guy. A nice simple thing. The jerks out there that don't like them. They don't know what to host. I'm going to play to you, Sam. She did. She was in here yesterday. Oh, where did he go? She was with him. What's wrong with you? In the biblical sense, you have incredible taste. That's right. Okay, Charlottes, we'll see you next Monday. I don't know where it is. I'm not that Monday. When you're there, so I'll come with Monday after that. Okay. I'll still be gone. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Be sure and come on at Monday. That's Labor Day. No. I have to work. We're having a big sale here. Okay. Where do you work? Mancens. Oh, this is the Charlottes from Lansing. I hardly be good to you. From Lansing's in a Broward Mall? No way. In the Hollywood Fashions. Sure. Now, 163. 163. 163. Street shopping center. I know some of the people are working security over there. Oh, no. I'm not with security. I'm nothing. Oh, no. And that's time. Maybe I'll get to meet you to stand. Okay, Charlottes, stay on his having cardiac arrest. Don't take. Okay. Have a wonderful day. It just doesn't mention any names. I don't know. I don't usually do this. But I have been thinking about this for a long time. It's very serious. Okay. I would like to convince you of giving this some real thought. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. Okay. I have a wonderful day. Just I didn't mention any names. Don't make a major fuss out of it. Will you please? Got a caller on a mobile phone. Hello. Yeah. I want to try to convince you something. Is this Joe on a mobile phone? No, no. I'm not. I'm going to be back on next Monday. And she loves those callers on a mobile phone. Yeah, well. I can convince you of giving this some real thought about starting a sports show. Yeah. I think that you would probably in about. Yeah. Me and Joe's a ganky. We can be on together. I'm serious. I think it would be. And we're just so exciting. I just rated sports show in the Southeast. I don't want to do a sports show. I mean, just like for an hour. For what purpose? I think it would be. It would be a terrific show. It would show that you could get enormous ratings and any of your endeavors. I think you know sports. I think you have a feeling for sports. Like very few people do. And I think you can communicate it on an intelligent level. I was listening to the guy in WIOD and he said, To Worsky will never throw a ball for the dolphins. That's the level of an athlete you hear. Who said that? Manage. As I mean, manages like you literate. I mean, so are there comments? Most of the Benjoz are ganky because Joe is like in slow motion. No. Well, Neil even looks like skip carry. Yeah. Skip and he could be twins. I think it's a good idea. I'll go do the brave games and he can come here and do a sports show. How's that? Tell me, what did you think about the dolphin? What do you mean what do I think about him? I think, you know, can only get better. I can't get any worse. You know, I just think the puzzles me about that. They still don't have any defense. They're secondary espithetic. They have no pass rush. They have no defense. I mean, everybody said in the bears game, they had no defense. But, you know, when Mike Diffke was playing quarterback for the bears, what do you expect? I mean, you know, like Mike Mann was didn't play in, of course, flutty's about three feet tall. But you want. I see that. They still don't have a defense. That can kill an audience. I think that's fantastic. I think that's great. I think it's killing his audience right now. Exactly. I don't know. I don't know. You're all doing their jokes. A ganky impersonation. Oh, boy, sonny. Oh, wait, second take of pole. How many people would now? I'm not going to take a pole. Call Lee Fowler. He'll take a pole. I'll take a pole of two sir. Okay. You just gave a Spanish cheap show. Thank you. Okay. And as I would say, stands desperate. By the way, speaking of Alice, 10 to 60, 10 to 70, I stood up pulled into restaurant for dinner. And I was listening to Alice and the couldn't buy a call at 10 to seven. Went into a commercial break came back and had some old bag. And I mean about 100 years old who didn't even know who she was talking to, just here from New York who loves cats and just the boy. Talk about desperate. Unbelievable. I like how. I know you do. And if I had that competition, I'd like it too. Because like, I like to go out to dinner when you're here. I love film a quick. Good. I hope you and Alice have a wonderful time. But watch him. Elvis Jr. is calling my show. Hey. Hello. Hello. Hello. Elvis. I can't believe it. Everybody is saying, Elvis. Elvis. Everywhere. He's the Elvis. He's the Elvis. Yeah. Hey, Sam, you can hear the card behind me. Yeah. I'm back. I'm back on the street. You know, because I want to feel home. You know what I mean? But I just want to let you know that I'm standing right behind your baby in the front of you. I'm not going to fight you. And I guess that's better than standing right in front of you, right? Exactly. Especially on an escalator Elvis look out. I just want to call him, said hi. Let you know that I'm giving him all the sport I can. And I'm Michigan. I'm saying. Well, we're not. What do you mean you miss us? Well, you know, I don't get to call you that much anymore. Oh, I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. I'm scared of the street. Are you telling me the bad news of us that you're not going to be calling me regularly? Well, I'd say you're staying every time that beautiful sex divorce gets on, you know? Right there and I'm looking for my phone booth, you know, I'm saying it. When our all-in gets on there, I just... Why don't you men stand? That's too. That's too. That's too. Well, it's what it about you know. You know about those rumors about your daddy Elvis. Well, hey, hey. No. Hey, he rest in peace. When one piece you bet... He rest in peace. I'm going to hurry right now. So I have to hang up with you. You can't even call me to me right now. Right. Okay. Here, there's pizza man pizza delivery trucks pulling out right now. Well, the thing is, I'm late for lunch right now. Okay, baby. Thank you. See you later. There he goes. L. This is everywhere. Just like the song says, we have an open line in Broward and it hurt very badly. The way the audience has been lukewarm today. They've been really mediocre. Well, that's all over. I have two four. Are you doing your show as an animal? I'm all giving him. I know. I know. The audience likes a crisis. They like to hear everybody in heat. But once we're going to have to. Well, let's start another crisis. Contrary. It's crisis. Exactly. Okay. That's the new format. Who shall we pick on to the crisis? Let's pick on to Polish people because the Pope is coming. It's a 641. Don't we have another break this hour? Kind of thought we did see. There even even you couldn't squeeze them all in this hour. And at that point, over back, okay, four minutes before we want to WINZ and the These don't at hold bar contagious. They're like, can't eat only 10. You know what I mean? I mean, like, patit, it should try to eat one patit. Yeah, like they're like, um, pringles. Ediments makes good stuff. Okay. I'm going to have to probably go to Windixie tonight and check it all out. We haven't heard by the way from anybody from Windixie. So we know you're out there. Okay. We know you're all out there. Hi, Sean. Sean is out there. Sean, you're going to talk. And Chris is out there, but they're just pretending that, uh, get up, that they don't know anything about it. Miami, hello. Hi, is this Sean? No. Okay. Notice this. I'm a new caller and my father, who introduced this show, um, told me that you played a joke song called La Bamba. La Bamba. Yeah. But, and I was wondering, I thought that was one of the songs that, um, you went all out to play anymore, is that true? No. We're going to play it right after the news. Very, can I? The bathroom is going to record it. Right after the news. 106. Okay. Okay. All right. Say hi to Daddy. Okay. And then people will talk about it at the water cooler. Okay. We know. They must spend a lot of time at the water cooler over there. Why? You know, and you know why? Because they probably eat at that Chinese restaurant right next to there on federal highway. You know where I'm talking about? You know where it is where you turn there on federal by, um, Oakland, I think. Yeah. And I have heard that that Chinese restaurant is one of perhaps the worst in the History of mankind. So probably they spent a lot of time eating their sex one, no doubt. They spent all day long trying to cool it off at the water cooler with Ricky Tickey. He's right there in the middle with that blue cap on and they're all gathered round, Rick and Sons. The whole gang. Okay. Michael Wolf is here with local and airy news headlines. And I'm going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be doing one of the shows next week on my vacation. And we're really going to be sure to miss that. And then we'll go to a CBS for the news at the top of the hour when we come back at 106. We've got drop La Bamba. And the Jim Moore and the editorial cartoonist of the Harold is going to be calling in for apologizing, ripping that idea off. And all kinds of other original exciting stuff on WI and Z. And then stands going to be a long to give you a play by play of the cat. What is the name of the place? The cat house. The cat house lady. That's a two this afternoon. But homosexuals that Senator James Xon of Nebraska told away. Truckers convention in Omaha and later said he would tell again. And Lincoln Nebraska today. Xon said the joke he told yesterday before a speech to the Nebraska Motor Carrier Association was taken out of context. He said we were talking about the difficulty the truckers were having with the lawyers. And we told several lawyer jokes. And I guess one of the jokes I told was taken out of context. But yesterday Xon defended the propriety of telling the joke and said he would tell it again. He made the comments to a reporter for an Omaha radio station. Al Sector of KKAR AM. Look at that print on this on his wire. Can you even read it? The station recorded Xon's joke and later comments on tape and played them on the air. Xon told a reporter if you want to run it fine with me. I imagine I'll tell the story again. The press never intimidates me. The staff left is executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force in Washington. He said Xon's joke is patently offensive. And then at the bottom as they always do, use a church discretion. Here is the joke told by Xon. According to the tape played for UPI by KKAM in Omaha. It's quote. The latest lawyer story is one that's making the rounds in Washington, D.C. Why is it that there are more lawyers in Washington, D.C. and Queens in San Francisco? Now I can't read that. Is that say Queens or Queers? Queers? The answer is very obvious San Francisco had first choice. See, I thought it said Queens and I wasn't at a fend of, but he said Queers. Shame on Senator Xon. Always probably right. Unbelievable. I wonder where the queer lawyers went. Miami, no doubt. No names mentioned. Unbelievable. Okay, so a little a contract time's again there that work keeps cropping up on his show. A little Comfort time's. We have another a call to a mobile phone. Who's probably in attorney. Hello. I'm not a lawyer. Okay. Well, I won't ask you the obvious other question. No, no, no, no. That either. Okay. I'm not sure which is worse either. Okay. Nobody's perfect. Hey, I'm glad all your troubles are all fixed up. You know, that's really great. And I was wondering, since I'm on 95, since all your troubles are fixed up, and you could play the I-95 song. No, we can't play that. Haven't you been listening to the show? Are you living in a vacuum? I'm in a car. Well, same difference. Oh. Unless your windows rolled out. Oh, they're up. We can't play that. That's one of the two or three things that we yielded. You know, we had to do a little bargaining, and we gave it away. Yeah. What are you doing in the poultry's account? Same thing we would have done. We'll play it then. We're not going to play that record. We'll play the pulp records. Uh, see you, is. All right. I mean, can't you live with that? I mean, is something missing in your life now? Well, I don't know. I do the business front saw. I agree with you. I couldn't agree with you more. I think wrong. Go buy a copy. Exactly. Why didn't you push it? Push what? Why don't you push it? Why didn't you come here at this morning in Boeville, on program. On Boeville, why didn't I push it? See, this is really what the problem with the audiences today. You people are all disgruntled, aren't you? Come in a car. Well, that speaks for itself in Florida. All right. Good luck to you, sir. No, it's true. He hit it on ahead. And there's several other people who've beaten around the Boeys and haven't come out and said it. But they're upset because I didn't go in there and, you know, put my head on the chopping block and just say, okay, you know, attack me and pale me, destroy me over that record. I can't have without the record. I mean, wasn't there a show before I played that record? I thought so, but evidently not. The record got old anyway. Exactly. How many times can you play the damn thing? How can we hit the asshole song? I mean, we played it for you five million times. We must have sounded a thousand cassettes with copies of that record. I must have played it out on how many times when I announced it in advance. We're going to play the whole thing for you. Get your cassette machine ready. We'll give away 100 copies, didn't we? Why didn't you, well, you know, go to the mad on it. How come you didn't go to the mad on it? I'm going to go back in there now. I'm going to tell a listen. You're going to play that record. You're going to do the rest of the show. Bob, it's as simple as that. How do you like that? And you know what I'll say? I'll go do the rest of the show. I'm trying to contrived contrived. Yeah. Unbelievable. But that's how the audience is. Man, you can never do enough. You know, like you win the battle. But they went, everybody would lose the battle, but you win the war. Well, they don't want that. They want you to win every battle and every, they want everything. They want 100% life doesn't work that way. I mean, we don't own the radio station. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Miramar, hello. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Well, I'm not sure. I thought we were doing okay, but I guess it's a mixed review. Well, listen, I didn't hang up during the day. So mixed bag. Everybody did. I didn't hang up. Well, you were the only one. Well, listen, you don't have to excuse me. I just woke up. I wanted to hear earlier today. What happened with the big meeting in all that? What's the story? What? Well, I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll get the inaugural table, or wind it back to 10 o'clock. We'll just play the first 10, 20 minutes for you. Hey, that sounds exciting. Everything went fine. We had a spirited meeting. You know, we had a very heated exchange, and they love me and they support me and everything's wonderful. And there are one or two things that we agreed we're not going to play in life. We'll go on, that's all. That's good. And those people in the audience who are not mature enough to be able to cope without hearing the same, you know, record 8,000 times. They're going to have a problem. I'll just get new ones and let him have to send them copies of the record. That's all. Just get new ones all the time, and then let him keep paying them and then keep putting new ones on. Well, we got one tomorrow that when they hear is going to make them forget that record in a hurry, trust me. Yeah. Well, listen, are you going to stay out with Stan all day? He needs to help. Two o'clock. I'll be gone like a shadow, okay? Oh, well, he needs to help, you know. I think he needs, uh... Well, he needs some help, but I cannot the one to give it to him. Well, you know, his problem is he's carved out. He said he said that you're number one. He just gave me a little, little signal. It's too much carbohydrates to talk about, uh... Exactly. All that vitamins, man. It's the fact that he has brain. About the time. The same problem. And he gets in these weird, weird moods. And, you know, he just can't handle it too much carbohydrates just sort of freak out. Yeah. Well, I'll go over to Carvelle after we get done here. Yeah. See, just my advice. He, uh, whipping out the macy's catalog in the Sears catalog after he had that big show on the, uh... He's got a better one today. He's got new woman magazine. Because I called him a while back about that. He was getting all upset. All right. He excited about that. That was in the, uh, Sun Sentinel. And, uh, said, God, where have you been? The stuff's been around for years, like this. I think, go pick up a macy's or Sears catalog in there. He's got him. Hello. Hello. I'm here, sir. I'm just, where there was a pregnant pause. And I was waiting for the rest of your point in comment. Is, is stand there? He's here, but he just want to talk to you. Got him very upset. Uh, you took a cheap shot at him. Man. You know how, you know how sensitive he is. He's very emotional. So, believe me, he's very emotional. Yeah. Uh, he, uh, he sort of, uh, didn't put that guy in. He's, uh, he's sort of, uh, didn't put that guy in. He's, uh, he's sort of, uh, didn't put that guy in. What is that stand? His blood's going to be on stand said now. Good. Well, listen guys, uh- All over his mobile phone, too. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You put that mobile phone in front of me. How could you put a mobile phone in front of someone you're hang on in front of him? Isn't that what it's said on his, aren't you on a mobile phone? No, I'm not on a mobile phone. Okay. I'm laying on my couch. I just woke up. Well, we don't want to go into that. Okay. This is a family show. It's a family station in a family show. It's a family couch. And a lot of you stay on it long enough. Somebody will be in a family way. So just cool it. Well listen have a great life. Hey you too. You guys take care. Okay. I've been served some mobile phone. Okay. Yeah. Let's send him a mobile phone. He can put it on his couch. You know, that's what we ought to do. We ought to make a deal with some phone company, outfit. And when these people call in, who want to tell us what to do. Yeah. You know, we ought to voluntarily send him a mobile phone. Something wrong with this thing, because it's not hopping around. I'm winding it up all the way like I did with a first hired meal. And it must be tuckered out. Look at that. It's been a mess. It just took a couple of tracks there. You know, this leaves tracks behind it. I wonder what you would call those. It gets done to it. It's getting really tired. Me just wind it up a little more. Ha ha ha. It's not doing anything. It's going on strike. It's enough. It's enough. You know, like, come on. Or I can't believe that. There it goes. So it just needed a little rest. Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers. Why does the answer? I don't know. Are you doing Mr. Caroleo? Well, I'm a new Rogers fan, but I can't believe. And I'm shocked that you have been on notes on your show. Yeah. He's here. Did you call me earlier, sir? Yes, sir. Okay. Have a nice day. He called earlier. Of course, he was my prosecutor. His name is Sooyda. First man, first camber, last man. He had best in one night, now. Even ourVESTRA double, one day. Dinner, please, congrats. Don't make it see. Kind of have different hands for good pictures. Did he ever see a suits play for theen. For the sex poder mediator. They are my very best in the way he might be. It's really cool to go home. Being ready. It's like also possible. It's subjected to real injury. When he comes on date, he'll normally have a hommes for the evening. I mean. Just when you thought crackle records couldn't possibly be more tasteless. It was when I bought a full-time, a full-time, a clean, fun, full-time. I met this year, counten. Neither both do time to smooth that's right. It's the cat-skill cowboy himself, Dr. Irving Paycheck, singing the all-time greatest hits of notchville. I still hear the account. You gotta know how to feed him. Know how to feed him. If you've only lived a good life, keep a second set of books, and who could forget this flavorful cut. Looking for facts. In all their own places, looking for facts. I'd buy my vacation. Quality stuff. Be sure there's no cases, a bond or two of my soul. And no collection of old-country music would be complete without Dr. Irving Paycheck's dietary classic. I have a scoge. Bentoge, bozzin' cool. Yes, crap co-record's proudly presents the all-time greatest hits of notchville. Those notch Miami mulls. Two-order notchville hits, dial 1-800-a-lix-pa. Dr. Irving Paycheck, cos he's got those notch Miami mulls. Yeah, free! How much do I want to bet there are people other dialing, frantically right now? Hollywood, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes? Listen. I'm glad everything came out okay. They must have some prune juice up a name. No, they ate some crow this morning. Oh, I guess so. Listen. I'm not a lesbian. I have two kids and I'm happily married, but... Sure, what they all say. Same thing is you, do I go to the supermarket and check out the bad boys. There's nothing wrong. We'll talk about this on the air. Why not? Okay, but I check out the bad boys and honey, they're cute. You bet. Yes, it doesn't pay, no. It doesn't hurt all that, right? Now what story do you shop in? The great value on fluffy, honey, run and share it. And I'm telling you, this is one kid and you want to check him out. Really? These are got nice, curly, full-length hair. Not wrong, but you know. Yeah, long enough. This nice, nice, nice. How old is he about? 18? But I don't have to be 16 to lock. I don't have any idea. I think they do. Or... I think about... We have to be about 16. Uh-huh. Oh, listen, did you ever hear from the catfish lady? No. No, you don't hear from her, no, no. No, I sure don't. I'm sorry. Oh, and listen. I like the bird. Keep them on. Just fun. And you know these people are don't like his tackling. These people ain't... I'm nervous. My heart isn't my throat. These people are don't like his tackling or his own way. They probably haven't laughed in 60 years. Yeah, well there's probably something. Well, probably a couple of things they haven't done in many years, but we won't mention either one. Yeah, and take an animal. Well, that's one of them. And, oh, I got to tell you something else. Listen, you can't be a cause that loneliness is at high. I used to call him when he was on an afternoon. And I miss him. Okay, I'll tell him that. That. Okay. And stand still there. He's your man. Stand. Yes, man. Honey, I listen to every dose. And I'm beginning to like you, Maran. Well, let me ask you this question before you go and take a look over him. Where would be a great place for me to go on vacation? You notice how the audience does not want to talk about this? This is the most non-traveling time. Like when I used to do those shows on travel, absolute abomination. I mean, there would be nobody close. I don't care. Oh, you don't care. Oh, my God. See, there's no place. I just stay home. I'll just go to call her every day. I'm just, just shot moments. I think you ought to go to St. Thomas, don't you, Maran? No way. Oh, you don't want to go there. No way. Why? It's a great place. I'm just, just shot, no, that's you. You have come to play for this. Yeah. Well, today's thing. Good idea. Today's Tuesday, I could leave Thursday afternoon. Why? It's a car that makes track every day. Oh. I'm in relax. You realize how much I could lose in 10 days? Yeah, but would you have a lot more? I'd be on work released by a week from Tuesday. Oh, six, eight, Mark, a John your home. Yeah, okay. Listen, have a wonderful life, man. Lady, please don't worry. We'll see you at great value. Uh-huh. We'll see you at great value. That's where she does it. Where you do your shopping? Yeah, I know I shopped. I see you later. Oh, boy. 23 after one at WI and Z. I think I'm above back where I was at 9.30 this morning. Honey. When sounds warm, me don't try to clean down. And then they have a lot of connoisseurs. I tell them right away. Now live in here. It's good to get your hurt of my shoulder. It's on the white elimination. All the things give us all the virtual game of the world. You're my star, star, star, star. You're my new, you're my star, star. You're my new, you're my star. You're my new, you're my star. You're my star, star. You're my new, you're my star. I knew, Bob, Yamoki, and broiler, didn't go. It's your info. I wear it everywhere. I go round the other A.D.A. Sit, I'll go watch the day. Stop it, Cheong. Just show us our sunore Talk-out smiley Slowly. 1 and WINZ and we have more people from work released in the control room again, it's incredible. I think you ought to go to Tahoe. You notice the audience is really into this. They're right. I don't care about the audience. You ought to go to later. They don't care about it. I got you a five-ton hautee, that's a spirit. These are five cars. I lose a couple of grand the first day. What am I going to do then? Listen, in a five-star resort hotel, there are just innumerable things that you can do. such as anything else anything it's the finest resort of America and what am I going to do there really is a win here you can rent your car you know I don't need to go pay to go see Wayne Newton you know here come to the bird wow don't you think you ought to go to tao o Glen what is it now wait a minute wait a minute oh that's to you the audience you all love the flowers the audience can see this he drop and stuff all over the floor just a maniac who is this from thank you for whatever this is I haven't opened it yet and i'm not going to be able to open it because it's just anyway uh harris long to get harris and tao is a five-star hotel and i really thank you ought to go there and here's your juice you get your juice here look at that oh that's cheap i bet you don Johnson ever saw anything oh that that's why we're going it's from the bug kiss lady maybe some of the girl friends of something like that thank you Donna that's great I will treasure this forever but you don't know would enjoy it maybe we could give her something in exchange she's a token of our appreciation haha okay well listen they can't all be the same you know what i'm saying and what have you got there look at that it's a dead chicken a chicken some of the Haitians left on the gate the rubber chicken that's good very good likeness to by the way if you don't very good and here's a tape and just all kinds of good stuff well that's great thank you i was very thoughtful oh i'm ready to pass out you know that that those uh meatball sandwiches in that machine that's a second time i've made that mistake in a video when it noon by one thirty there must be like drugs or something and those in that machine you're ready to pass out series i have seen little roaches crawling in and i'm always crawling around telling them they're like eight million put into these i would like to one transmitted by birds by pigeons and vulture the only thing i'd get out of the machine be something to can coral gable sello oh or yeah okay um a little queasy um i was just wondering if you've checked out that new kosher japanese restaurant they have in town it's called so sumi so sumi no i heard of the new one in the plantation called sumdum goi hey in there hahahaha can i have something for you um what a bridge in sex having comment what do bridge in sex having common bridge i'm talking about the game of bridge yeah all right i don't know even if you don't have a good hand a good partner you can still win with a good hand uh excellent very good you want some more tasteless jokes no that's not that's not push our luck now sir let's not well but the hot shows that's a little off of their two to lay calm down and go back to the end of the world. Look at this white orange juice. Leo by the way the one that you take off to Atlantic city. I don't I hate Atlantic city. I can't believe you're saying that it's not wouldn't send my worst in the to Charlotte Atlantic city. It really is it's a turlin. Well the beach here that they wanted casino gambling on no they said that it will bring crime here. That's a little bit of a big city. I'm telling you Atlantic city is like a sewer. I would you have been to Atlantic city sir. I have this amount of fact. Oh come on. I'm going to take your life in your hand trying to get into the casino's there. No no it's not that what you're talking about. I used to go over there a weekend. Don't tell me about Atlantic city. What are getting hostile about with my caller? What are you getting all excited about? Because he's a country. Seriously. I'm getting excited. I'm going to get me to get everyone free of me. I'm going to get everyone free of me. I'll get every of four times. I wouldn't go back if they paid me if they gave me a hundred grand a bet. Well I might go for a hundred. You know, but if you give me a $1000 to go back I wouldn't go there. Yeah, but I mean you can find crime anywhere. You're not going to go. Well it's not a question of crime. It's just a filthy schmutzie pathetic place and they were New Yorkers and she says, Marty, Marty, come here, go get me $20 in quarters. And our most been said, no, no, I'll get them in nickels. That way we have five times more of the amount of chances to win. Yeah, very good. Oh, yeah. That's the crowd in the Atlantic City. You had a run on the head. Thanks for finally being honest, yeah. Yeah, and what they were from North East, Philly, sir, they weren't from the government. They were under way back from Liberty Bell Park, which is now closed by the way. Um, the one other thing that you know what is the difference between, or what is the difference between, uh, this is it, sir. Oh, okay, this is the last one, which is the difference between garbage and a girl from New Jersey. Go ahead. garbage gets picked up every so often. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Okay, you're redeemed yourself, sir. Thank you. Have a great life, but forget about Atlantic City. Truckers call, uh, instead of the Garden State to call the garbage state. Yeah. Hello, his truckers, man. You know, they don't know whether to wear scream or eat a banana. And the end bishops going to be doing a special 10-part series on Trucking and Florida on Channel 10 tonight and I witness new. Oh, come on, we love that. How we do, stop it. But boy, when I see your driving at truck up this game, and she really, uh, lighthouse point, hello. Yeah, I knew. Yeah. Yeah, a couple of things I want to tell you. Please. I've seen, uh, Dr. Heifer Bag and person, and he makes, uh, keep breath, your the rolling stones look like Mitch Gaylor. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Why the way you know I still have to. And I still haven't seen American anthem. I can't believe it. I'm so glad you mentioned that. I haven't seen that movie. Well, you know, it's, I think it's time cable. I want to just go on, you know, besides these, uh, Popeye, right? I think, uh, I strongly believe that you're being, uh, harassed by these, uh, Pat Robertson Bakers. You know, this, uh, tele-vangeless is running for, uh, the press. Yeah. I don't think he's being harassed by the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the right. Right. Right. Right. Right. That's a lot of, like, sure. It's the cat-like church. Yeah. Let me have some of that white orange juice. It looks, right? I know. I think, uh, I think puts his name. He's in with, uh, with the Robertson people. Right. Now I'm pretty good about Robertson. Forget about Pat. Or is that Pina Coladas? That what that is? Oh, that smells like, I love Pina Colada. Great. But excuse me for digressing, you know. Yeah. No, you know, I don't, I don't know. You know, they're organized up there. I thought maybe they may be adding to the, you know, the harassment that you received. Well, I think if it was the Christian right, we'd know about it. Yeah. Don't worry about him. Okay. Well, you're great source entertainment. So keep it up. Thank you. All right. Okay. And see how it image-key-lord, uh, next time your Olympics comes around. We have to worry about the, uh, fundamentalist when, uh, Pat Robertson starts coming down here to campaign. And you start jumping on his case. That's when you have to worry about. Boy, this is, um, interesting stuff. Who brought this? The lady, Donna? Yeah. Interesting. You think there's anything alcoholic in there? No. My name is B. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. This is Tom. Um, listen, that was born a raise in Hawaii. Really? Yes, I've spent 27 years there. Aloha. Aloha. Listen, you know, you're a colludo-pucosong. You know, you're not allowed to sing anymore. A little pucosong? The asshole song. Yeah. It's not a good word for just a case. Maybe you can say that and get away with it. Change all the words to collo-pucos. Some guy called him yesterday with a great idea. We simply ought to be, either the word ass or the word hole. Because asses in the dictionary and holes in the dictionary. So if we beep that, we play the song. It's good idea. Everybody already knows what the word is. Well, uh, yeah. Exactly. Let me ask you, uh, let me, uh, let me catch off. Sam, but we will hear you going. What island are you going to be on? I'm not. I'm not going to Hawaii. of lost figures. I'm headed to there, you know, top of 10. Go back and take care of some business. I thought maybe you'd be there I try to run into you. No, I'm not going to be there at all. My friend John is mother are evidently going, but really I just don't want to sit on a plane for 10 hours. I don't like flying that much and by it's a long, tiring trip and by the time you get there, you're ready to do you need about a 10 week vacation. Yeah, well, you know, I have a brother that fish is over there. Charter fish, I was going to try to get you hooked up with him. Really? Yeah, really. He's done it for like 40 years and it's pretty good at it. You know, you might have a good time going over there. The real island, the island, the whole life. One of the things are going on that I'll let tourists there. It's so funny because we were talking about this thing of the day and it happened. They just, you just let some, some of those words to the bottom, you know, but don't worry about it. Another thing you talking about bag boys. There's oblivious. Yes, right? Now you got my attention, sir. I know some people who work over a public. Really? Friend of mine, she's been known to eat chicken organs at work and to deep throw watermelon hearts. Have you ever heard of that? Watermelon hearts? I crazy as hell, but I heard about some little stories they do over there. So you don't know what the public's people are up. Is this a cashier, sir? No, it's a beat to part for him for me. Oh boy. I want to be castory. Wow. Oh boy. I listen. You're other stores, man. Publix is a pretty wild place. Yeah, no question about it. Well, I'm going to go in there when I leave here as a matter of fact, I'm going to go to the one in North Miami and see my friend Mike. So have a wonderful day, sir. Okay, we good. Okay. Mike's so want to send that picture in the other day. Oh, so please come into publics. Well, you should. You should go to publics one day and when Dix ate the next and on the next. You got to see the other supermarket every day. I'm not going to buy any groceries and when they ask me what I'm doing, I'll see them just looking. Just looking. And I would be an honest answer. That's right. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil Glad you are a dad, your property. Don't ask you this thing. You're winding up when you're deaf there. Yeah. That's a new job. He Thompson. Shame on you. Sorry. Pat you later. Okay. It's a real boon in the box. Yeah, it's a boon. That's a lot for me. You're I would recognize that anywhere. It's got a pad boon written all over it. My amy hello. Well, hello. Hello. Very weak. Very weak, Mr. President. Well, Mr. Rogers, please. Sounds like Pinocchio to me. Well, Nancy and I are listening to your show here at the White House. And what is this about to bomb? Week. Brewer, we call me in about a week. So you're all be on vacation. Why want these people give me any advice? You know, they're just their helpless when I had my rash. They were great. I'm going to be out of two of the calls. We had eight million calls about my rash. I didn't want calls, but they were very helpful and very concerned and you have to learn how to test to be the first thing you say at 10.05. You say boy, and then a boy is the whole show. Okay. They are so slow. So a tool five when I come on. And I don't want anybody calling in. Well, it's not short notice. It's short notice because up until like 10 o'clock this morning. I didn't know whether I was going on vacation, whether I was going to be working here, whether, you know, I had an income, what the hell my life was all about? And now I got to decide, and I'm not going to pass it up. Why are these topics is going to be where would you like to send Neil? Oh, yeah, that's good. Okay. Yeah, well, we all know the answer is that. Okay. While they're preparing for that while they're getting their real good messages in, the first one will be Fire Island, the second one will be Hell. It's 19.02 at W.Y. and C about Fire Island. You know, there's always a possibility. It's off this individual. What? There's obviously got a problem. Hello. Hello. Yeah. What are you saying, Neil? Back again, buddy. But I just I was just driving around and I heard you say you're looking for someplace to go on your vacation. Yeah. Won't you go my dad or something? Oh, no. No, no. I'm going back to tell you Elvis. Listen, I call you. I will. And then see one on Delvis. You stay at my dad's house at Graceland. I'll preach like a king me. I'll pass El Paso. Come on, wherever you can stay in this bedroom and stuff, but just, you know, I don't want to be in this bedroom. I don't want to I don't want to sit in his reading chair in the restroom. No way. Listen, Neil, I got a friend here that says, uh, he like to sing his song. His name is Ben E. King, junior. Okay. All right, y'all, but it's going to do it. When the night has come and the land is dark, and the moon is the only night we'll see. No, I won't be afraid, no, I won't be afraid. Just as long as you don't stay behind me. And the little deal is dark. Stay behind me. I'll be honest. Yeah, let's know. Let's know. Excellent. He won't do bad. Perfect. He's working out of boys good. He won't do bad. I put him on the escalator of Jordan Martian C.O.E. flies. So, Neil, if you want to go down, I can call him here because I know why I'm now. No, Elvis, I'm not going back to Tennessee, baby. I appreciated very much, but I'm not going back to Tennessee. Never again. I was there for a month, it was like 40 years. Oh, I know. I know. I know. I know. I just like to clean up there. I know. Elvis, well, listen, I appreciate it. I'll take you. I'll take a rain check. Well, I mean, no, I listen if you want to do it, if you can, if you know, if you can come up with some a better idea, uh, I'll call her here and tell me okay. All right. It's a little bit okay. Stand behind me, Elvis. Miami, hello. Yes, Neil. Yeah. Listen, I'm calling and reference to something. I've just was late on my desk and I'm very curious about the whole thing. You know, the post visit really didn't affect me. As, as, as a transportation company, I was just alerted that on Thursday the 10th of September or the night September and Friday the 10th of September. They're going to be closing down I-95 the turn-pike and U.S. highway. Go ahead. Okay. Those roads down from 9 to 5 once Thursday and 5 to 12 once Friday. You can only have special clearance to get in which high business. This is a fact that trucks moving in and out of Florida into California on those two days. Yeah. Do you know Ann Bishop? Excuse me? I said do you know the Bishop? I know the Bishop? Yeah. The only bishop I know is Ann. Okay. He answered my questions here. Okay. Should I call her? I would think so. Okay. Let her have it. Okay. Okay. No, I won't sit on the end. Where's that guy Ben? He just discovered all of this. Yeah, just to discover. We've got another car on a mobile phone. Maybe Ann's calling for her truck. Wow. Hello, Ann. How are you doing? Is this me? Yeah. This doesn't sound like Ann. Oh, it's not Ann. Listen, now this is, uh, I just- I'm just going to get violent. Bring it up. It's a little too high. Do the ones speak my wife's up the cat's and the Santa Reo's out there. Oh, yeah. Well, I'd say we're getting all the load of the cat's horn. I'm glad I got- I got to stay on the show off though. Well, wait a minute, listen. I got some good recipes. You might enjoy. I- I sent that card to a friend of mine and his wife. That's Reecaps. Yeah. Something like the relationship with his wife. She should have been a speaker this any longer. I loved the card. It was fantastic. It really had some other- I don't know my wife coming right now. I got the on the phone. Neil, you must go last bag. I said, you just came back for Leslie as you was wonderful. All I do was think of you. Did you win any money? Well, I just said very little money. But he's so excited. Yeah. Yeah. I did little bit of that bag as he Miami. We would we could make it here. You bet. He just pulled up the parking lot behind me. He was listening to me on the her car. Another amazing. We got a wife team here in the parking lot. We're at the Latin American restaurant. Are there one of those husband or wife teams? That's a kind of style. I can tell you something. I don't want to talk about the bumper signal. Larry King. You know, you always have money, Hong Kong. Hong Kiffy Larry, you always have money, right? I saw a sticker yesterday was great. It said, um, I'll buckle up when Bundy does. It's for law. I thought about you. Yeah. We got one of those here. Oh, I got to tell Stan something. I came home one night last week and was on a, I guess, the weekend. And I look on the backyard and there is this commotion going on in my box. And I said, what the heck's going on? I ran out there. And this is both a pool there. It was sort of a, uh, uh, almost like an offshore racer, but a cheaper version. It had the outboards and everything. And on the side of the boat is written double-fice. And it was written just like the Miami-Bice logo with the castel and the double overmapping the words, vice. And um, I look at, I look on the boat and there's a, it's Don Johnson, but it wasn't Don Johnson. It was his double. It was his son, man. Yeah. Almost many guy we have in those pictures. Yeah. And his name was Bobby. Anyway, they were coming to visit my home. And there wasn't any shock space and they ended up, um, they're going to remind me vice crew. I think they, they must have thought well, we can spark anywhere we want. Sure. Okay. What was it? We'll see you at the, a can hang in at about four o'clock. Sir. Listen, we got monkey loose on the island. Okay. Good luck to you. Boy, what are group of calls today? This is what it's all about. Now hopefully if they were listening today, they got a much better grip on what it is that we're doing here, right? Okay. Stan's going to be a long after the news. We're going to figure out where it is that I'm going. And all of you, you know, wise asses out there. They got these smart suggestions. Feel free. I'll be listening, you know. We'll take a poll. What do you think? Where do you want to send Neo for you? What do you think? Okay. Have a great life in a wonderful day. In a marau we promised it's got to be better than this.