I can't believe in this. I wonder if James Hummel is listening? Both like this. You notice I get the first belly you missed that. This is like all five favorite talk up. Yeah, I have to take Kila by the chance. Oh, cool. Sounds perfect. What? Wait a minute. What am I hearing up? As stand by me. Wait. Yeah. Stand by me is, uh, queuing. Just as I picked it up. A coincidence. Remember when that was happening all the time? I was looking to potten or would it be like three cards recuting? They would all end at the same time. Exactly the same coincidence. I don't hear anything now. Do you? Yeah. Okay. Now, what is this? What? We, is this presetit? Is the winner of this? Get Zeta? Or if you want to? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Okay. That's like a lot of guys I know this business. No, I'm going to work in a big station. You're like, amica. And then you see him pumping gas a month later. You know, like, Mike Miller. How's Mike doing? Does anybody know? Is he still a, uh, pumpkin hick? That's what we hear. That's the, that's the word on the street. Is he is indeed a matriede of pumpkin hick and halanday. Okay. Now, this is for dinner for ten. Uh, with Mike. In a doggy dog town of Hailea with Mike Miller. Okay. Okay. Let's, should we let it loose? Okay. See actually what we have. We have a whole bunch of people that we have to, uh, stop to take. In other words, a tape is racing along and we've got a team of people who just grab it. And they, you know, stop to take little people, little tiny people inside the machine. And they're just, uh, they're racing. They're marching in place right now as a matter of fact. They're running in place like on a treadmill. Uh, and they're holding on for dear life to that. They can't hold it forever. You know, it's like when you put your VCR on free frame. If you got a cheat VCR, if you got an expensive one like I do, it'll stay there forever. Really? Really? Oh, yeah. So you can, you can free. You can be watching Blue Lagoon on channel six last night in freeze frame. You know, any scene you wanted forever. Now, I wasn't watching it or taping it. First, because I've already got it on tape. Only one copy? Oh, several cops. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Because I like pro shields. And if you believe that. Ha ha. Well, at least, you know, Chris Ackens in the water was really him. You know, Bruce Shields had a double. She had body double in the water. That's true. But Brian DePama. That's absolutely true. Yeah. Yeah. And why? Um, it was in her contract at the time. I talked to the, oh, now I've seen, I was just asking, generically, I wasn't expecting some long boring answer. And I like from our movie reviewer. No, it's not a long question. Now that you're here, why do we need done starter? Is that a good question? And we hope, of course, the done doesn't take a fence at that because we're only kidding. Oh, yeah. But what do we need done for with his red light and green light and all the stuff? When we have a movie critic already in the building? I can't answer that question. That's not my department. Oh, but it is a good question, isn't it? I guess I'm doing other important work in the building. That's orally or pressing. Like, looking all the guests at Stan and I have on our show. For one thing, that's one thing. What else do I want? One little thing. Ha ha ha. Okay. Let's see if our little people are going to let the tape go. This is exciting. What happens if most of the little people let the tape go and one of Schmock keeps holding on to it? You know, he's in a lot of trouble. You know what I'm saying? Like, the tape goes flying in this poor little guy just so it gets caught up in the cap stand or something. Go ahead. Sure. I love it. Yeah, go ahead. Should I turn it loose? Let's be sure James has got his radio all too. The investor Hubble is listening. Go with both ears. He's at the water cooler right now. He is. He's at the water cooler. You know what he's saying? It's alive. I am not a Nazi. That was great. If I do say so myself, I get the license and if there's anybody who'd like to buy Z8 94.9 give us a call. It will do it like the San Diego auction for the San Jose auction. Where shall we start? What dollar bill? Five. That's not in five thousand. No. Five bucks. Hey, listen. I'm not greedy. Ten. Do I hear ten? Look at that. We've got three lines flashing. Trash better is on the radio. Buy your own station. Turn it into a parking lot. No, we're just kidding. There are a bunch of good people up there. So it's kid the rails. Some of them. Yeah. And we especially should not be kidding them now because it's been a rough week. Yeah. And more ways than one, right? So let's leave them alone. Let's just move on to bigger and better things. And you're going to review the afternoon talk show yesterday because you left here early. Now we don't mention names. Okay. One in particular that we don't mention because basically he's small potatoes. It was unique because I got to listen to after didn't talk radio in this market, which normally I don't get to do because I've heard the office. Right. Exciting. Well. Now wait a minute. Are you going to do this first or stand by me? I don't care. Okay. Do this first. And then you can do your movie reviews. A lot of Bill Cosford who doesn't appear on the station anymore because he's turned into a whimp and he's allowed the Harold to intimidate him. Now this is Mr. Balls. Balls transferred over to Harold. We used to just, you know, write all these wonderful things about me in the show and used to take on his own management. But they finally reached a point at which the humor is gone. Okay. And the costford does not appear. It's too high show. It's too hot to hear. And I don't know he said something about Harold bashing to me on the Harold bashing. I don't know where he got that. Oh. It's just, I wonder where he heard that. Two sensitive to come on here. You know, sensitive to everyone's getting. Yeah. Very sensitive. Can't take a joke. I know. Well, listen, it's been nice being here. But I got to go home and wait for this important call. You have a machine. Yeah. It'll be there. Oh, it will. That's right. That's very important numbers. Not the numbers that I would like to have on. Now listen, I'm going to be going Hawaii for ten days in September and I need a traveling companion. Oh. That you talk about stand and then you go and say this. What? Well, stand. This is my story. Yeah. That's all I said. Did I ask for anybody to call in? Did I ask for some funny, old young man who looks like Jason get Rick to call in? What like ten free days in Hawaii? Maybe we should call Jason himself. Now that sounds like a good move. It's about time. You said something that made sense. You got to go through California anyway. Exactly. How do you know he's in California? But that's where they make all the movies. No. Are you kidding? Both. I thought they made him in my an. Who told you that? Don't. Don't tell you that. No, Stan made you told me as he was dribbling on his fries. Oh, look at that. Oh. She was at least four years old. Oh. She had diapers on. I think Stan has a diaper fetish. Is what a bitch. I have a coupon for a day of what's a diaper. Trust me. I'll pass it. Wouldn't it be something if it turned out that Stan wears diapers? And that he's got a fetish. You don't like to have those adult diapers. You know the ones I'm talking about. People who are in continent. That's a nice word for it. Right? So they make those large diapers for adults and all different signs. Just thinking. Want to be something if we found that. Stan. Now this is only a joke. But it would be pretty fascinating if Stan were to die for each other. How do you know? Trust me. Those are where diaper. I'll eat all things. No. Well, I'd explain those 14 pamper boxes that I saw in front long. Just an accident. Just a coincidence. You must have a lot of pregnant neighbors or something. Now I would pregnant neighbors have pampers. Did you stop and think about that? That made no sense either. But that's the tone of the show today, ladies. Hold on. No more of this, you know, bilingual crap. I've had enough of that. It's up to you folks now. I gave you the number. And if you want to do your thing fine. And if not audio. I'll read it there. Your number for what? What do you want of the tube? What? Who do you want to call? My traveling companion on my Hawaiian trip. He must be between the ages of 18 and 25. Must be extremely good looking. Well, built must look like Scott Madsden's twin brother. And must be ready for a real good time. You can't do it. Only safe thing. You can't do it. By traveling to Diamondhead and visiting Jack Lord. Then he'll be in big trouble. Is Jack still over there? Jack is still over there, boys. He's got his own little flock of something over there. The hair still hangs down over this forehead. Well, in many places. I'm Tony. He's got James MacArthur running around over there, up for curing for him. That you love the rumor. I heard you say I love that. You love that. You love that. You love that. By the way, if there's anybody else in the audience who doesn't like that middle or you ought to go out and blow your brains out right now. You're pathetic. You hear that jerk. And then he turned out to be the same crank that called stand. Oh, buddy. How you do a buddy? Yeah. Boy. Some of these people have been in that pickle leg jar too long. I'm Tony. So is that middle or is just the best? Yes, he's fine. She's fine. I like that middle. You have that hang up on that movie she made. Those that James was a good move. A awful movie. A awful movie. But that, but what's a turf vault? And now this, on the other hand, the wonderfail is he would right now in. Wonderful. What's he if we can do this right? The truth of the humble will go nuts. You'll fire Rick and suds on a year tomorrow morning. A perfection. Was it perfection? Did we let that little half of beat go? Absolutely. So I was listening to that. So anyway, stand was dribbling on his fries at the a braward mall. And this lady comes over and says, When the night has come, she did say that didn't she? Well, that was good. If I do admit it myself, that was really good. In fact, we're going to, that's going to be the new format. You know, we're just going to take records that have very interesting musical instrumental up. Up, that is at the beginning. Like the I.95. And we're going to stop him on the air. And then we'll bring some of the audience. And to see if you can stop him. Just starting to remember name that tune. This is going to be stopped that tune. Totally unique. It radio. Yeah. We are doing, or is they say on the FM hit that cue. We're doing, we're doing pioneering work here on radio. Really. No one else is doing this. So Mark Mosley is responsible for all those numbers, huh? Yeah. Isn't that interesting? He's got all that great material. What's it done for him? That's the question. What's his number? I know, B2 would 4, 5, 7, 8, 9. That's the number from Mark Mosley. Give him a call right now. He's probably over there with tanners. He's still with tanners. Oh, boy. You notice how tanners just abandoned us all together now? I mean, in the beginning it was okay. It was, you know, congratulations. It's wonderful. But now that I'm taking all that young audience away. Here's a bad to this. You realize that I beat them badly. He was, he was, he was, he was, he was here with Thor. He was here with Thor. He was here. He's fine. Yeah. 80 to 30, 18 to 30. 34. 34. You gave them. Yes. Young man. I also talked that kick their butt at night. I did it. Really? Davis Reese's butt guy. Oh, and by the way, we apologize. Sonny Fox claims that he's not calling yesterday. Of course, it's probably just that he doesn't remember calling yesterday. Because Kyle said that he was bombed out of his skull. And also, you noticed the mobile phone callers disappeared yesterday. Did you notice that? We had one mobile phone call and it was that disgusting young Cuban. It was just had a mouth like a toilet and a brain to match. And that was it. The one holy lessons to the station because he wants to hear the news. The news. The news. The news. The news. Right. Yeah. It's radio stuck. Yes. On the 40. Yeah. Remember that record by Elvis stuck on you? That's a kid's favorite song. He was also dribbling on his fries, by the way. That's Cuban. Yes. This is why he's stuck in the seat of his car. So I listen to you. We have another break to do now. When we come back, we have several categories. Now, let's see. Now, wait a minute. Let me write him down. We've got a talk. Talk review. It's just like all times. It gloves 94. He's getting to review all these stuff. And then when you leave, you can get to review your ping slip. Okay. Let's see. The second one is stand by me. And there's a lot of people who are going to be watching. I can't even remember anymore. That just kind of slipped away. What was it? Let's see. Well, we'll think about it during the break. It's 17, before 11 at WINZ on the Roger's. 1045 at WINZ speaking of Don's daughter. There's one question. Now, seriously, there's one question. I've always wanted to ask Don. Where you are, I'm in asshole. Or did you work in your whole life? Okay. Now, that's just a joke. He's probably out of town anyway, isn't he? I hope so. On freebies. Otherwise, he's had a heart attack already. He's getting freebies somewhere. Like the whole, he's a whole, he's a whole. Okay. Well, listen, it's going to be really exciting when the bird, I guess that'll be the good name. Now, we've gone through all of these other Tweety Bird and the ball cheer. We can buy them all the bird would be great. Whatever you're comfortable with. Yeah. The birds, the word. Okay. The bird. That's not too bad. You wouldn't want to go crazy and call me glad or anything like that. I mean, that just wouldn't be right. No, I think this fits. I'll well, I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very important. Yeah, I think that's it. That's all right. Okay. But anyway, the bird is going to do his review on yesterday afternoon's Talkline, I've heard my every South Florida. Was that where we heard it? No wonder I felt depressed. Amazing that music really sounds good on this radio station on A.M. Stan was playing one of his dumb records the other day. And I was in my car with my $50,000 Alpine radio. And they had really sounded good. It was incredible. By the way, we forgot to do something before I played that record. So let's do it anyway just together. And now, a continuous new Rogers music suite. One song at a row. Three minutes of continuous music. A 94 WI and C. Okay. So better late than never, right? 94 WI and C. I watch them how you don't, you just don't say it or say it or say it. But not a lead to put it on tape for us. 94 I and Z. He's got that Stentorian voice with those watermelons of his. You know, he's got that deep balls. See, I can't do it. Even with my, when you got BBs like I do, you can't get down there. Even with my cold, I don't just know. Right. No. Of course. Of course. Of course. If you didn't have the cold, then it would really be good. Okay. Kind of like Colonel North, you know, voice keeps cracking almost every second. Bones are just a really hot, Stan would say, man, they're flashing off the hook. What do you want to say up there, bro? I don't know. They'd probably messages. Don't you think? Probably a lot of messages like up the ears. You know, good stuff like that. Good intelligence stuff. Stop playing the music. Like, oh yeah. Yeah. We don't like, I got news for it. I'm going to play a lot of music today because I'm just in the mood for it. I'm enjoying how's your own body. Okay. And when you get a 9.9 share, you can enjoy anything. And I'm going to keep talking about those numbers for years now. Okay. Now, even if I go to Binghamton, I'm going to say, hey, you know, in the spring book of 87. I had these big numbers. They didn't mean anything, but boy, they were big numbers. Which is nice to have something big. You know what I'm saying? He's such a pot belly. But you watch, well, I'm going to lose a lot of weight by November 5. I'm going to look just like a Pat Peterson. I'm going to say Paul Peterson. But he's getting a little old at this stage, right? Remember Paul Peterson? Sure. My dad? Absolutely. Big hit. He was in that stupid Donner Reed show. Yeah. Paul Peterson. Which he was okay. Which they still are in. And okay, he was pretty good, actually. But that's another story. He's pretty old now. And it's Pat Peterson. Some of us are desperately trying to get in touch with. In fact, there are some of us who just go home and night. We dial all area codes and numbers all over America. Hoping that Pat might pick up the phone on the other end. I heard you did that. I did. About a $7,000 phone bill and no luck. You know, it's like the slots and Vegas. You know, you keep pouring that money in there. Hoping to get the $3 million jackpot. And it just doesn't have to be that damn. No, just a lot of lemons come up. Yeah. Fast pejorie. Exactly. Now crowded house. We do want to give a lot of credit to them because it's a great album. And it's on sale at the Soundware House up there on Open Park Boulevard. And if there's anybody out there and not even a sponsor, I'll guess you better write that in. Soundware House. It's on Open just West of I.95. And it's like, they got every record and every video. They got all these video clubs. You know, they've got every video. It's ever been invented. They even had the legend of Bill of Gene. I've seen it. Oh, I've seen it about 400 times. And it just, what's he attracted of that film? Got you so excited. The light have to ask. You have to ask that that that film boy. There's some pretty interesting people in that. Well, I like Bill of Gene myself. Helled shiver. No, I don't like Bill of Gene. That movie was originally called Fair as Fair. And the next thing you'll be telling me about American anthem with Mitch Gailor. Oh, no. It's terrible movie. Yeah. But a lot of flesh. I bet that. And then there's that movie with Emileo Estovaz, who's the biggest pin in the ass. That was then. And this is now. Yeah. Now, I don't know if you'll be like that movie. You have this thing for teenage movies. I've noticed. You have an affinity for teen movies. You said that was an awful move I hated it. I absolutely hated that movie. That I like Emileo Estovaz. I don't like Emileo Estovaz. He looks like psychotic. Mark Jesus. Exactly. Like I said, he looks like Coddick. He does look like Colonel North and Drag or something. Well, that'll maybe that. Yeah. Emileo Estovaz. There's anybody in the audience who agrees that Emileo Estovaz is a major pain in the ass. Let's see it on the phone. Light up those phones. I'm telling you, he is. He's a big time. He's a pain in the neck. He is. He's a nerd. He's a neurotic nerd. What's, they're not ringing the phone. They like him, I guess. Of course. All the day people. They love him and Broward. Yeah. Okay. Mike Wolf is here with me. Okay. By the way, Stan Major will be playing a middle of Maurice Chavallier's greatest hits into a clock starting off with, thank heaven for little girls. I don't know to be very exciting. I'm telling you, boy, that girl had got down that escalator alive in the Broward ball last night. Thank goodness that she moved very quickly. Well, you know, would there that aid say, have a lot of energy? They could run there. This mail today, by the way, is award winning. Oh, award winning. Some of the best mail in the history of mankind. I want to thank Howard Barbonnell for sending me a copy of the Miami Jewish Tribune with their speaking lead editorial about the Miami Harold. Of course, we know the Harold is so loaded with anti-Semite's crawling in the woodwork. We also speaking of the Harold, somebody is nominated me for the Harold's spirit of excellence awards. A lot of people have. Oh, they really. They really. They really. Now, what's going to happen to you where to come up number one? They would be incredible. So everybody can get a hold of one of those copies of those applications for the Harold's spirit of excellence awards. Please nominate me and just out of spite. Yeah, I think Mr. Capin would be out of town for a long time. That happened on you. You'd be on a long trip. I'm a slow boat to China. Look at that. Wait a minute now, here's one of the great bumper stickers in the history of mankind. Have you seen those? I have never seen one of them before. It looks just like a Florida license plate logo and in green over the orange state it says, Naitivo. I don't even know. This is a classic ladies and gentlemen. Naitivo. That's very creative person. Yeah. Yeah, they're a good male here today. A whole stack of crap that we can go through. Yes, we did. We also got another male underwork catalog, Melo male. And it's just dressed to me. Look who it was. You can't be West. Kathy West. And it's all these guys in this horny kind of looking underwear. Look at that. There's a girl in your town. There's some girls in there. They're all pretty ugly guys. There was a matter of fact. They're this leopered leotards. Holy Toledo. Look at this disgusting. The adult party toy box. This is for Kathy West. Yeah. Right up for Emily. Right up for Emily. Delight. Four plays since you will lubricant. It does like Kathy Davine. Super glide. Tasty loving. Tasty loving. Super glide. Tasty loving hot liquebel love lotion. It turns out when you blow on it. Enjoy five stimulating flavors. Hot chocolate hot cinnamon. Hot cherry hot mango. Ooh, I'd be allergic to mangoes. And hot pineapple. Seriously. What I'm making this stuff up. This is for Kathy West. Cords. Who else? Ooh. Here's a lubricant called climax. With a K or a C. Let's see. Hot stuff. Get hot when you breathe on it. In some serious warming massage oil gets hot when you breathe on it. How? How is a fun taste good does not evaporate. To strawberry cherry cinnamon or chocolate chocolate chocolate. Chocolate hot stuff. Here's the hot stuff warming massage oil sampler. Love goddess Afro DJa. Somehow I can't envision Kathy West. Poring on love goddess Afro DJa in wild strawberry or cinnamon passion. You can't? No. Maybe old de Toilelle at her taste. But then here's all these young ladies in lingerie. We better save this for staying. Stay still. Have an nervous breakdown. I will. While they're a little too old most of their ability. 12. But yeah. But he's still. Have an nervous breakdown. They're mostly pretty ugly aren't they? How come it is that so many models are ugly? Have you ever figured that out? It really are a lot of very ugly models. What are they doing? Sleeping with somebody? Like these guys here. They're guys. They're not. Oh those guys. Yeah see what that is down there right inside. Yeah that's what I want to say it on the ear because it's a family show. But unless you know some young ladies who are carrying one of those around, they're red basket. Anyway, we also got some interesting books here too. Here's the gay area private telephone directory. And look at that. There's Pat Petersen's phone number. What's it doing in here? Holy cow. Come yourself down. Where'd it place? All right. Look at that. This is so old that the pages have yellow. Yeah they have. Oh and I have like that older. Yeah. At least I hope that's what they have. They have the older of mild-goed pages. Well what year is this from I wonder? 1979. Dr. Ganesh sent us dirty stuff at least make it recent. And here's a really interesting thing. The star-spangled banner is just so much trash as John Bias. And this is also mild-dude. Very old. Now the letter inside says thanks for the very entertaining and informative radio. Dušbag is probably one of the most kind phrases you could use on the people you've commented on. Wasn't Nelly in use in 1965? Alan R. Hope there's no IRS or post office travel otherwise screen them with regret screw them with regret. And it's got a glossary in here. A glossary of homosexual slang. Should we read these on here? These are very funny by the way. I think a couple. Very few of them. Anti. An elderly homosexual. Anti. Bag. A fellow homosexual derogatory. Bag? Bag. I think they got the first letter wrong. Basket. I don't want to read that. That's the male genitals and region immediately surrounding as in this catalog over here. The basket. A tisket of tisket. Yeah. Basket days. A period of mild weather that permits went men. To wear garments light enough to reveal the contours of their baskets. Feeding the dummy. Now I will move on. Yeah. Oh, the next one's even more a huddle we wrote. Bell a fellow homosexual. Why never heard of these? I would either never. Never. Best. Ha. Ha. Ha. A term applied to a fellow homosexual usually preceding an admonition as in listen here best. Best. If a public restroom now bitch a blatant homosexual blind uncircum sized. Oh. Bring out. Bull. Bull and elderly female homosexual. No, don't say it to my dogs. Don't say it through there. Don't say it. They don't completely. They are a lot. Don't say her name. Okay. While we get to bull some terrible things here. Butch. Campy. Cruise. To circulate in public places for chance pickups. Daisy chain. Dike. Dildo. Boy, they're just a douche bag. Now listen to this. Okay. Derogatory a fellow homosexual. So when I call sunny Rosenberg a subhuman douche bag. What is that? I told you it looked like a flaming faggler. Look at it. Look and see if they got mugged there. Fanny Bell hop. A homosexual employed in a hotel usually as a bell boy. Queen. A homosexual. This is the most commonly used designation for themselves and for each other. Swish. T-Rome. Truck driver. Whoops. Wig. Wolf. Boy, they just take those on and on meat rack. Screaming fairy. Hair burger. Ooh, I don't think we should have said that. No, that's okay. A homosexual works as a beautician or hairdresser. Is a hair burger. I'll be done. Oh, you're like this one. Well, I'll read the definition first and I'll read the phrase. A soldier to whom a homosexual is attracted. Government inspected meat. That's pretty bad or pretty clever isn't it? Fruit. Fish queen. Somebody who works at the fish market. No, a homosexual who consorts with women. Fish queen. Leather bars. Lily. Lympharist. Luke. Marge. Barge. Ooh, they're just a lot of really wild stuff in here. What stands picture doing that with that little girl? That's a good reading tonight. Yes. What's he doing in there with no white in the seven-board? Boy, that's great. And that's good. We got some good stuff in the mail today. And if there's anybody who'd like to share with us or go to Hawaii. That would be a disgusting trolling on the air. You know, we've had a lot of people bring us records for you. Fast for our wonder if anyone could bring us brief shavoy. And we could start to stay and show with that everything. What do you think? What's the thing? What's the thing with that? What's the thing with that? What's the thing with that? What's the thing with that? What's the thing with that? What's the thing with that? That's a record. That is a record. Honest. Now, you're going to get down to business or not. Oh, I've gave you an assignment in the last hour. Yeah. Three things that you're supposed to report on. You have the right idea. Yes, I do. See, it's good that I made a list. Otherwise, by now, we would have forgotten. And it's already time for the first break of this hour. Isn't that incredible? I can't believe it. I know it. And the lines are lighting frantically. Like they really think we're going to take some stupid calls here today. I still say this bumper sticker is the best ever. Naitivo Miami Florida. That is the best. You'll put it up on your car? Sure. No way, Jose. Let's put it on Charlie Whitehead's car. I'm going to put it right on here because I love it so much. I don't really, I get upset when people put stuff on our lovely. But this would copy stand here. And it really is lovely. But this is Ippropo. I wonder what lovely means in a costume. There it is. Look at that. Isn't that beautiful? Keep that in mind. So when you hear Espani Ols spoken on this radio station, you'll know that Neil inspired it with that, whoever sent that to us, we thank you profusely. And I bet you can make a lot of money selling those, right? I like it. We didn't ask. Okay, it's 19 past 11 at WI and Z. We have the birds in the building and he's going to be reviewing all kinds of things here. I've been reviewing that new movie. This is them and that was now. So that was it. Or that was then and this is now. How could you attack that movie? It's one thing to attack jigs because it's popular to attack that movie and say that, you know, they didn't get along and they hated each other and it was just a douche bag movie. It was a very funny movie. It was that middle. It was hysterical. No. No. I'm not going to tell you. I liked it if I did like it. It was hysterical. I'm not going to pay. It was a very funny movie. No. But you see you see you see you in the concert. You know what I'm wondering. You're going to law it because you're sued. See the sueds. They know which movies you're supposed to say you like and then the ones that you don't like. If it has subtitles. It's it's we love it. Like Lakaja full love it. Exactly. Lakaja fall 1 2 and 3. Oh, there's three. There's three. I didn't see three. I've been either. I don't think it was ever released. Really? I think it's running out cable. But that subtitles cost me who wants to see a bunch of French cops running around and underwear. You know? A lot of people. I sure did. Okay. 20 minutes passed 11 a W.I.M. Amazing to me how everybody missed out. I missed it. And everybody else did. Jim Hampton, the brilliant editor of our favorite newspaper of the Miami-Herald had in Sunday's paper the same day that Mr. Lighthead. I guess got everybody's attention with his column. On the editorial page, Jim Hampton is a great column. And of course if you write enough of him sooner or later, won't be great. Please let sleeping pedrow is lie. In which he be seatges the Metro Commissioners to hold us hearing on the first to September and let everybody blow off their steam. And then say no way Jose to this referendum and to get rid of all this embarrassing garbage. Congratulations Jim Hampton. We always love the Miami-Herald and of course if you'd like to cancel the World in date County 350 2000 and in Broward 4623000. And here he comes direct from the W.I.N.Z water cooler. Or we've just been discussing Ricky Tickie. You're just all choked up. One should get something drink. I did. Did you? Yeah. I'll live. I think. Okay. Well a lot of people have just obsessed out on that. They've upset. Well we're here for Boone in the box mail. Small. Wonderful. Wonderful. Now we're getting overwhelmed by Boone in the box but that's because everybody in town has got at least one or two now. We sit out so many. Now we want to hear from young ladies and the audience today about real or imagined. Now we don't really want to hear from anybody yet. There's a lot of mail here. That's what it was more certified was it? Which one? That was one you would buy a look at was it? No I don't think so. That's some marking on it. There's a job offer. Hey listen I'm telling him getting a big call from Fredonia New York tonight man. Look out. Fredonia. Fredonia. Fredonia. Your James town. It's right near Eury. Why are you reading my mail? Is there anybody? Oh this is for that. You check them again. It's like some good thing. Oh yeah. Irving. Here we go. Mr. Rogers just because you have difficulties with the Miami-Herald. Why should all the lemons? You can't smell their subscriptions for one thing. They are devoid of thinking power. Those idiots that hang on your every word are pathetic. Of course I have no intention of canceling mine. Your attack on white hit is proof positive that for the most part he was on target. Audio snail Irving Sheckman North Bay Village Irving. Irving every month has to write us another one of these. You know what I'm saying? We, and then of course he puts on his little mini pad and away he goes. Out to his golf game with his little blue cap and his white shoes. There goes Irving. Oh you know Irving. We might play the bowler Irving. We ought to. Shouldn't we? Yeah. Make his day. We have that? You're kidding. Are you serious? Are you serious? We don't. Are you kidding? We haven't. I can't believe it. Can't believe what? That we have it. He was short and fast and rode out of the west with a mocha David on his silver bat. He was mean and nasty right via through which is kind of weird because he was yellow to stay cold him Irving. Beat Irving. Make sure Irving. Make sure fat Irving. The 140 second fastest gun in the west. Okay that's enough of that. That is good for Irving Sheckman and North Bay Village who hates me. Hate to show and never misses avoid. Never misses avoid. Did I say on this show? I'll see it's suck as saving. Which reminds me, I can you believe the unsaid of this morning. I guess the nuke issue of South Florida Magazine just came out the August issue of that pathetic silver mire piece of crap. We don't know. The one that either Clayton shills for the forge and other places in. Anyway, you know they always had that best in the worst thing. Oh it's that in this one? The best deli they said was the Villa Deli over on South Beach. Which is very you know it's very good. And so fricking fracked there on our FM in this morning. We're asking other people to call in with other deli. I think they had a call. And this guy said the rascal house. Oh my god. And they very obediently they played his tape and he went out about their marvellous motsible soup and they delicious creploc and their chopliver and I'm going to tell you something about the way anybody who thinks that the food there is sensational needs a taste blood transplant. I agree. Boy. And they were going along with it because they were so excited to get that call. The current bill in an aka was listening to Zeta. He thought it meant Zady. Zady 94.9. I mean. The Villa is still good but it is good. It's not like the old Villa is not like the deli den. Right. And we don't want to troll for food on the air here today. It's a great time to be able to do that. This is not like the one we are going to do. We are going to do this. As that was playing. I opened it envelope one of many letters today and look what it says in the envelope. There are two pages an article that says Elvis eats. Look at that. Elvis eats. And it's even got. Pressley's passion. His favorite. He's a better. Two slices of white bread. Two tablespoons of peanut butter smooth or chunky. One small banana field mashed to a pulp, right? And two tablespoons of butter or margarine, even with directions. Spread peanut butter on one slice of bread, spread mashed banana on the other gently press slices together. Melt butter in small frying pan over medium low heat, fry sandwich on one side into golden brown, flip and fry other side, if adding bacon and shirt after grilling. What's that out of? Do everybody have a chance to say that the Iran contraherings insert after grilling. Oh, the lights are flickering. Oh, there's a store outside. Another one, a stand major store is coming early. Early, yeah. It was good. I mean, we have a captive audience now. And of course, if you pick up the phone, you're going to get electric cuter. So don't call us. We'll call you. Okay. We care about our audience. We don't want you to get her. So don't muck you around with a phone. Supposedly, brick oven, we selected the best pizza in the South Florida. But apparently, it shows that they have excellent taste over there. I've always commanded them on their great taste in everything except talk radio. Elvis eats. He was one of the greatest eaters ever known in America. That's what it says. Nearly every profile of the young Elvis who died 10 years ago this month included an amazing inventory of the biscuits and burgers baked in an egg's courts of milk and whole coconut cakes that he wolfed down each evening after performing in a high school gym or PFW hall. One newspaper claimed he had nothing but pork chops and mashed potatoes three times a day. Bacon was one of Elvis's favorite foods, but he never ate just a few strips he devoureded by the pound. At home, he usually kept a big bowl full of crisp bacon at top. His piano to snack on while he practiced. Breakfast on the road is manager revealed in 1956 consisted of a couple of eggs fried and so hard you can hammer them always accompanied by several orders of bacon bacon. Elvis insisted that his food be well done bacon eggs hamburger steak. And restaurants inevitably returned food to the kitchen so the cook could char it further. I didn't know that. See you're learning something now and it came just at the magical moment that we were playing that piece. I opened up the mail and boom it's Elvis eats. What a informative show this is. This is incredible today folks. You'll never hear this on the Mike Miller show. At the grid iron his favorite open all night burger shop was on what is now Elvis personally Boulevard in Memphis waitresses remember slapping patties on the grill. As they heard Elvis slapping his patties. Now as they heard Elvis and his entourage rumble into the lot on their Harley Davidson's in the wee wee hours of the morning. It's only what we do there. But Chanel's restaurant another of his hangouts near Grace Lane. Oh. They served him heaps of biscuits which he liked sliced soft with butter and filled with sausage patties. In addition to sausage biscuits one of his favorite downhomes snacks was cornbread accompanied by a glass of buttermilk. He liked a dip each piece of bread in the milk turning it into what he called a soak. A big wet. Minge and Brady it is also true that he periodically binged on favorite things like banana yogurt honey do melon spanish omelets and nut and chocolate top ice cream cones. Sure he ate too much but when he was young he didn't matter because he burned thousands of calories every night as the nation's only atomic powered singer but then Elvis got fat. In fact he had a weight problem most of his adult life alternately feasting and dieting. This happens to all of us when we near 40 his metabolism slow to became harder to knock off extra pounds. The tabloids had a field day printing pictures that showed him at his worst when he died he weighed about 250 pounds and was on a crashed diet in preparation for a concert tour. The snack he liked most was a grilled peanut butter sandwich. A grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich. Your body's record gypsies in his film you'll even purchase the Nikolo Valdon Memorial paintings of the gas station as a true Elvis fan you think you've heard it all but wait there's more now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations yes it's the Elvis tapes. You know what I mean this is Elvis. Well I want you to go all right now make me a big little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a good me too with the name. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. The Elvis is a male lizard. The Elvis. The Elvis won't you bring over. A large house. They make it big. Three. The biggest sex double cheese. Yeah I'm home. I'm alone. And I'm hungry. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really deals about the one true love of his life. What you bad wants you back in the live baby. And I don't do way back. Would you pick up some bonus points? Leg jelly, clean don't hug. Krullas, Jimmy's day this tune. I love my baby honey, like you don't hug. Without Dilah can't do. The Elvis tapes. I'll give it a give it a give it a more do do do do do do. I've been a little now we've run stars everywhere. I'll let he I'll let he live a more than one to two. I'll give a big bottle of spaghetti. If you want to dress it up Elvis style include three or four slices of crisp bacon between the peanut butter and the mashed banana. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. It's finger-looking good. Well I'm telling you it's coming down cats and dogs. Just absolutely thundering and lightning and pouring and just doing all kinds of obseme things out there. So I better get home early and wait for my important call from Albany. Mmm. Isn't this great? Look at this caustic note. You made a great contribution and in a few days you'll probably drop the whole thing and blame the English only or some other group for being big it's your usual fine comedian process says and stored in Miami. Some stupid goofball who wants us you know every day to scream away at George Valdez in a bilingual thing. You know pick up the phone make the call you jerk don't call us we'll call you. You know these people you can never satisfy him in this town. He just can't handle it. Mmm. And as far as those English only people boy. You have what is this you have all you got it all together man. Native Hollywood 35 years old asshole center in Gregg Carter and Graham it just it just words look at it just written can't take this s. H. Anymore you've fight it you'll lose. Blame Carter and Graham says a hostile hysterical Edward Bowley in Hollywood. Yeah they're all freaked out today man. Male is really El Freco. Look at this here's the best radio oh here's the best in the worst right here. The male today is like magic. Go we have to talk about something we open the mail and there's there's what we're looking for Elvis's diet. Now we've got soft Florida's best and worst from the August soft Florida magazine see page 41 for the best radio personality What you can be sure it's not me. Oh no. Best radio personality. You're not going to believe this are you standing up or sitting down you better lie on the floor. Somehow everyone out there loves this nasty and proud of it man. Neorodgers. What are you doing listening to radio anyway go and write a letter or something. We prefer something a bit more civilized with a touch of soft moric humor like WGTR's Herman and McBean in the mornings. So in other words what they're admitting is that in the because they have people right in with their choices. Somehow everyone out there loves this nasty and proud of it man. Neorodgers they like Herman and McBean. Which is great. So in other words everybody else in South Florida loves this show. Sylvan and Anne Meyer love Herman and McBean who aren't even on the air. Great excellent. And they also love Jimmy Carter by the way just remind you of that. Sylvan Meyer from Georgia. He's like he's like a reject Larry King clone have you ever met Sylvan Meyer? I think I talked like this. Looks like Larry King with those silly glasses and what's a question. You know that's his whole thing. So evidently they didn't really come right down and say it though did they they couldn't quite come out and say. In plain English that anybody could easily understand except where he valedays they didn't say that Neorodgers was selected as the best radio personality. They said that everybody out there loves him but we don't like we like you know. We prefer something a bit more civilized someone who won't call Sylvan and Anne douchebags even though they really are. Now we're going to be having Anne on his agest in the new hour to talk about concentration camps. That's all she can talk about. Remember she used to have a talk she won QAM years ago and you could be talking about. Drag racing in the backyard you know like or loud cars and all of a sudden she would be manipulated in 15 seconds into concentration camp talk. In fact she with her favorite TV show was a huge downs remember concentration sure. Sort like the way stand turns everything into talk about what I have little girls yeah and help I hear in mind advice in it. Girls on Miami vice yeah you're right he does he could have the mayor on here and he would say Mr. Mayor is the great that we have a local big TV show being killed here by me. Have you been on the set did you be done yeah. I could believe the way turned the interview with Alibrarah into a discussion of my advice that was amazing. The WNWS often on all day but now like the lady callers said there's no hotline for neo Rogers addicts we are lost when you are on below. At center with center with center is that wonderful they just love this show. They love it but we like even the readers of that douchebag magazine south Florida magazine with all their shell restaurant reviews and we are hungry by the way if there's anybody in the it's raining now will never get any food here. Maybe even to sell those would send a couple of pizzas you think so they're very nice people at the cell those and our pizza's great. And they've been very kind to us they've sent over a lot of food and today you know I did very well by the way over the weekend I've maintained my. Have it lost anymore but I kept off the few pounds that I lost and I'm doing okay I had a good day yesterday didn't pick out no. Come well. Heated in the right direction exactly and by November 5th my birthday I'm going to look exactly like Pat Peters. We're going to put together our new promotional pictures to send out to the audience. I'm serious. What is this all about very long letter. Very long letter. The Iranians form a few more I called the Harold cancel they subscription that I didn't have in the first place that's good that's okay. There's no prerequisite of already having a subscription to the Harold. I'll say audio Sarivadirj goodbye forever and stick it where the moon don't shine but of course that would be abusive commentary and we don't want you to abuse the Harold we just want you to cancel it. Here's another copy of that thing out of the voice are Catholic church loves us they want everybody to cancel and all here everybody to boycott this show is Winc have a right to put this guy on the air who tells the truth about priest in the Catholic church. No way Jose. Please don't let the management get to use as rosemary and rosemary's got an article in here radio station vows to lessen shock format. This is WAPE in Jacksonville. Oh yeah and there's a bunch of volunetics up there the interfaithed council of Jacksonville had been monitoring the top rated show for several months in a campaign to rid the airwaves of shock radio and they had been sending tapes to the FCC. Saying the show violated the parameters of decency established by the commission. Members of the council's task force on radio obscenity applauded the radio station to sit in another religious group of nuts who are up there and of course in Jacksonville they cave in real fast. As opposed to Miami where it takes a few months. Now we're not cave in. We're going to do our thing and if there's anybody out there that gets upset about it they can you know stick it that's a bottom line very simple. Nobody forces you to listen to this show right really nobody forces them to listen to a read Sylvan Myers magazine either. Oh and what might this be. This is the best way from the reunited village people were still macho macho man just when you thought it was safe to go back to the why. The village people the cowboy the Indian the construction worker the biker the GI and the cop are planning a world tour. As opposed to the century village people. Or turn it during publics. Where is it what what are you looking for anything. Okay. Well listen work we're tying in everything that comes in a mail where something we're doing on the air. Okay that's for Stan. And Snow White. This really has been a good mail today. Some days after the walls yesterday. The calls were pathetic. They were weird in the mail today turns out to be great the people at the Broward Mall last night were sensational. Now look at this talk about a letter like we're going to read this guy. Why Britain too. Freel spade for five full pages type written single space this is like a novella isn't it. Yeah it's like a short novel. On and on and on this is a cover letter to writings that I will send you periodically. Oh good. If I can if I can I'll get the entire story to you in less than a month's time. Oh boy. The last in the last paragraph it says Neil that's all for today. Look for more look. Neil how catch the movie if it's okay. All right. Yeah this past exactly speaking of movies. The bird is going to be reviewing stand by me. Also yesterday afternoon is talk shows around the market because he was home sick. Oh look at this. Hey, we're going to talk about it. We're just loaded with mail today. Taking the hours just to go through the mail. I don't want to miss anything good. I want to share it with the audience. The audience has been so fantastic. That's right. Dear Neil Rogers and I'm not tinkling. You have slain the giant and he lies there bleeding. You must have put a terrific dent into the readership and they're most they're not smart enough. Not to let you know. The giant is not only bleeding. He's crying. What a picture. With more than a thousand words. I love the way you inject that terrific song where you born and a whole. Isn't that great? And it's signed. See Simon. I didn't even know Carly listened to the show. I'm serious. Now listen to everybody's in the publishing business. He knows all about the Harold and those fakers over there like our old. Our ex friends, Linda Thornton and Bill Confer. I'm serious. Here's something all about the George Valdez and Charlie Whitehead on and on and a couple of phone numbers. Sorry, Byron, but I don't know if there's a lot of this way. Unless you want to go to Hawaii. I send a picture. Is that the thing anybody any young man out there going to send pictures? He wants to go to Hawaii. He wants to go to Hawaii. Four five. Four body pictures are just fake. I'm not interested in those dirty pictures like we were getting those. No, no, no, no, but I meant the whole body. Wow, yeah. Or just the face. From head to ankle. Okay. What's that? That's it. That's the mail. Oh, it was sensational. We applaud the audience for a really spectacular performance. Very good. And our favorite of course was the Cathy West underwear catalog. The TNA patrol. Give that one to stand. Yeah, we'll say that for stand. Now look at these. These are shirts that you can order. Right. And I can't read them on the air. How do you like this? Well, you want me to try. I've ordered some of those for people. One of these says, feeling a little romantic. Go blank yourself. I see. Read a fothi. No. I used a jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass. Still crazy after all these beers. Thank you for holding your breath while I smoke. I have trouble remembering names. Can I just call you asshole? I like that. Penny for your thoughts. 20 bucks to act them out. Mechanics are proud of their tool. If you like sex and travel, go take a blanking hike. Yeah. That's a stupid people. Shouldn't breed. Now I like that one a lot. I just want to talk to you. Seriously. Absolutely. Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for somebody who gives a sex. I can't read that yet. No one is ugly after 2 a.m. I'm going to have to start going out late. Yeah, closing time. Exactly. Boy, there's some really wild stuff in the background. I've ordered. You can really get these to you. Sure. I've gotten some. Give it up to people for presents. Here's a good one. You must be walking backwards. All I can see is an asshole. That's good. I like that. Yeah. There's another one. In very small types. Stop staring at my webinar. Yeah. You can't say tits on your head. No. Okay. Maybe we could get some of these for some people around here. Well, get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God. That's cute. Good good for you. Alamony, the screwing you get for the screwing you got. It's Alamony, Colton. Yes, yeah. Here's another one that has one of the words that was in that little glossary, be kind to animals, take a bitch to dinner. These are cute. Well, this is all in the Kathy West catalog, which we're sharing with the audience today. Because it's raining and cloudy and mong and we just want to keep the audience safe and, you know, taking care of. We don't have time for calls. Of course, we have it started with those three heavy categories. So that you have to take care of the shoulder when you're keeping. We have two of them done, but there's three of them done. We got two of them done. Broward mall done. No, no, those are not your categories. My show where it says, we have nothing to do with the Broward mall. Thank God. It's just like the guy who reads reads my mail. He reads my couple of little notes that I write on the log. I wrote like about five words on there just to remind me to talk about certain things. Yeah. And I like you're taking credit for those. Like Mark Mosley takes credit for the 9.9 share from 10 to 2. Well, how many points of that? Let me ask you a question. If I had a 9.2 and men 25 to 54 knowing that Daffy chased away all the young demographics from 10 to 3, that was the midday time period. It wouldn't be interesting to see what that number was from 10 to 2. Taking her hour out, like definitely over a 10. Men 25 to 54. And if I had a 7.9 and men 18 to 34, then there is no doubt that it was well over an 8. Right? Between 10 and 2. Sure. Yeah. And she lost half the audience. At 2 o'clock. And of course, Stan is going to come in. I'm going to forward you today called me last night because I gave him a mistake, giving him that month by month breakdown. And he saw that in June we had this big leap in younger demographics and overall audience. And he calls me last night. Well, what percentage is this about? So he's going to do a whole number today of self-aggrandization and how he's killing him. You know, based on two weeks, he was only on here two weeks and today is of that June part of the spring book. And listen, more power to him is doing well. Yeah, not great, but he's doing very well. If I say great, then you know, he'll start chasing girls at Broward Mall again. No, seriously, he's doing just fine. He's not going to come on those younger demos. I guess he is. He's talking about who the four hours today. Numbers with decimal points. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Okay, now and here I was going to give him this great compliment about a show yesterday. Don't do it. I can show you. Don't do it. Okay. What you can do it after we play a thank heaven for little girls by Maurice Savallet. Oh, I got to find that record. Does anybody in the audience got that by Maurice. I will bring a thank heaven for little girls. Well, that will be great. We can play that show every day. Right before us, thank you. Right before two will play the real. No white can come in off the escalator at Sears. I'm telling you, you want to see a man move fast. And you know, he said to me, he said it's a good thing that you were with me. There's no telling what might have happened. I just remember that. I don't know. I agree with that. Holy Toledo. Maybe we could get some diaper sponsors for you. He was a hate. You know, if she was hate, that's spelled EIGG. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, seven. That must be what they were smoking at the Sanford or magazine. Some of this together. You know, like the best TV anchor and bishop. And you know, I'd like to tie end to my ship. I don't mean both. I mean ship. Like the SS Norway. I'm only kidding, and it's good. That all the teamwork is so much better than Anne. I agree. And the worst Solan Gray. Can you believe that Solan Gray? It was a WXYZ and Detroit was excellent. He's excellent. He's just fine. He is very, very good. But of course on channel six, nobody looks good because they have that ugly set. And, you know, they all look like Larry Wallenstein when they get on channel six. It's got that. That one is news time is three out to. In fact, he sounds kind of like Brian Norcross. I think there are a whole bunch of these people are all the same person. Now like Larry Wallenstein and Brian Norcross. And who else sounds in the Ron Sachs? Hmm. That one is news time. I miss Ron. Do you miss Ron? He was good. Oh, well, I miss that voice. He was excellent. Yeah. Great Charles. Just a little bit. You know, what some of the other categories is we mentioned earlier. The best pizza here it is. The Mama Mia. It's a the brick oven. Pete Sully and West Hollywood. And number two, if you haven't had pizza cooked in a real wood-fired brick oven, then maybe you should. See, keep reading. We know what we're talking about. What we're talking about is. And then of course, they go off the deep end. And they say close to the top. Number two, like the top of your throat. Where you're just getting where you're getting ready to put the barf bag just on the outside. Is what all the top are little scissors in South Miami. I see what we're right on target with brick oven, which is excellent. But when they got to little scissors, they lost it. I love it. Laura's on the 79 Street Causeway, which is excellent. And Villa Italia in curlgables. I don't know what then it's. I enjoy little scissors. Very good. A little scissors is among. It's too salty. Not. Okay, now if anybody wants to talk to us, we're going to take a few calls. If there's anybody who'd like to critique the first couple of hours of this photo today. In date County, 624, well, I want to get a few calls on here. You know, hey, call. We got this great audience and we'll see how they are. If they're good, we'll take a few more. And if not, it's audio. Because you got lots of talk about it. We also have in date 624, 9400 in Broward 524, 9400. If you'd like to speak to Frick and Frack, they're flashing like a best newsstand. Joe's in South Miami. Well, that's no big news. Everybody knows everybody knows Joe's. Yep. Of course, it's the only newsstand in Vietnam. Right. That's where I go. What are you going to say? The best hamburger, the Taurus restaurant in the Grove. I never had a burger there. No. Never had me either. I don't go to the Grove. I say the hell out of the Grove. I used to live in the Grove. And as a matter of fact, speaking of the Grove, where's the thing about the best people watching? Where did you find that? It's in there somewhere. The Grove. It says, best people watching. Can I hear the truth? Can I get to it first before you? It's near the front. You've z-hole the answer on the ear. Oh, no, come on. It's a best ice cream. Our readers chose Hagen does. Ben and Jerry's wins with us. Oh, another one of those. Well, yeah, you see, they don't really care about what the readers say. Well, best-owned crabs at the forge on Miami Beach, big and beautiful. You see, they had to get the forge in here somewhere. They shoal the forge. But the forge is such a degree that it's embarrassing. Well, you know, where the hell do you see this? I don't see it. You want me to find it. Best Chinese canton too. What the canton is fantastic. I didn't make that up. It was in there. Best people watching. Pruising place. The Broward Mall. No, it doesn't. But it is. Broward boardwalk. It doesn't have any such people walking. I did not make it up. I was running those shopping spots. May fear. Los Oles Boulevard and Worth Avenue. Local celebrities. Oh, somebody's going to be very upset with Sylvan and Anne Meyer, ladies and gentlemen. Somebody's going to be real unhappy at 2 o'clock. Somebody's going to be pissed on W.I.N.Z. and his name is Major. Oh, boy. Local celebrities. Are you having seen this? Have you know? Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Best, Tulio Iglesias, such a nice guy. Everyone loves him except the neighbor who complained about his dogs and what about the Julio Zapato line of shoes? I Worst. Worst? I know who he is. Oh, boy. It would be Donald Johnson. It would. Worst. Don Johnson the ego that crushed Collins Avenue. Stayed will be in today. Somebody's going to be really upset here. How's ladies and gentlemen? Somebody's going to be really unhappy at 2 p.m. Let's take a couple of calls here. We got a mobile caller on 2. Hello. Yeah. Good luck to you, sir. You cheap skate. How about you? Are you still there? I am. And you say what, sir? I said, I'd love to go to Hawaii with you. I'll bet you would. That would I say. You're not my type, sir. How do you know? I can tell. Very well. Have a good day. Wait a minute. But you weren't really serious now. I am serious. I have vacation coming to me. And how old are you? 28. OK, 2 old. OK. Sorry. OK. I don't find this place. No, he sounded like an ice guy. No, don't take it personally. I'm sure you're a really nice guy. And that's much too old. Love to go to Hawaii. I wanted to go out with some guy, 28. Much too old. Not just too old. You can't find that, can you? It's not in here. I'll find it for you if you want me to. Well, you're best record store. Now, see, they know nothing. OK, vibrations. And then yard birds and specks. The sound warehouse on Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale is so much the best record store anywhere in this town. And they don't even know from it. OK. By the way, we got two open lines in Broward. We said we'd take some calls. So I don't know what your story is. But the number in Broward is 524-9400. We have a Miami call for the bird. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I just wanted to say that I love that. Wedding Hill. He has got a blast that comes across. Yeah, I love him. I love him. I would love to go to Hawaii with Glenn Hill. Well, he's not going to Hawaii. Is it? No. What about I'd like to take a bow down to getting him an hour shower? Getting him what? At an hour show. Get off of here when you're playing. Go away, lady. What were Tina, W.I. and Z? We do have some open lines. See, I open the phones finally. I think we're going to come up. They don't want to speak to us. No, they don't want to come up. It's called a big grade. There you go, Ed. First we had that rather swishy sounding guy in the mobile phone. He was OK. I'm just kidding. They're not in here. And not pulling on the air. I'm not trolling. What do you call it? I'm desperate. Ha ha. Ha. If you have a bad life, I will be vulnerable. Oh, no. I will find it. There is no such category. I'll tell you. Listen, I'll tell you what. Pick up places. Best, Bayside's Bar Ballou, Biscayne Babies in the Grove, shooters in Bointin or Stingers in West Palm Beach, worst traffic court, the intensive care unit, any prison waiting room, and any grocery store, even on single's night, blasphemous, blasphemous, blasphemous. They're ripping windyxina. And also pubics on single's night. I'm telling you that, Anne Meyer and Sylvan Meyer. Those two put together on a scale of zero minus infinity. Best bakery, Best Cup of Coffee, Best $2. Bet is joy, a danyah high line. Best Delhi, Best Donuts, Laund Jacks, Narcs, worst self-inflicted blow to the arts. Best Cuban food, East Los Canarios, Best seafood, Best Stone Crab, Best Pizza, Best Buffet, Elected Officials, Best Thrift Store, Best Beach, Best Dance Place, Local Celebrities, Best Neighborhood Bar. There is no such thing as the category you're talking about. It's not in here. It doesn't exist. I've read them all on the air, Laund Jacks, Point Sienna Street, Best Old Fashion Drugstore, Best Weekend Getaway, Best Park, Best Art in pubic places, Best Bakery, There's no such category, Best Breakfast Reces Spoon, Best Romantic Restaurant, News Paper Columnist, Commercials, International Hosts. It's not in here. There's no such place. Okay, go ahead, you find it. You make it up while I take another call and read the message on a screen. Joanne said that two people called in with this name as a mediums co-star Craig Sheffert. Craig Sheffert, that's it. See, immediately you give me the first name and I knew the last name. It came back to me like a flash, Craig Sheffert. And you don't know that name? No. Hang your head in shame. Some movie reviewer who doesn't remember a name in a body like that. Shame on you. Didn't strike me. Mr. Bird. About 25 at 94 INZ. I'm the Rogers stand. Major's gonna be here. He is gonna be really foaming at the mouth today at 2 o'clock when he responds to Sylvan and Anne Myers disgraceful attack against on Johnson. And we have a full board of calls. There are a lot of people there want to get on the air, but unfortunately, they'll do it. It's wonderful. My name is Beachelow. Oh, yes. This is me? Yeah, this is you. Yeah, I mean, I'm Boston. Oh yeah, get lost. Ha ha. Homestead, hello. Homestead is gone. Okay, well, audio. So we have an open line in day and six, two, four, nine, four, hundred. I'm not going back to that guy, my name is Beach. No way, Jose. No chance. We're not gonna talk to anybody from Boston ever again. I've had it with Boston. That's a jolly dark. Exactly. Johnny Rabbit. Miami Beachelow. Hello Neil. Yes. I just deep throat. I'm calling in a wish-glim happy return. May he make sure he keeps you on your toes. It's great. Yeah. I wonder if in the catalog you're looking through. Does there have any jogs traps in there like the other one you're looking at? No, this is not a jogs trap catalog. This doesn't have any of those. I wonder if you have the jury wish-ner signature model with the life-like Dynale pubic errors? Oh yeah. In fact, that isn't here. Now that I noticed it. Under sheer mesh. Also question. Last week I heard on your WINZ was Ron Harris and he said that up there was a request for black organ donors. This is true. It was on last week. My surprise told me that the first person on the list to see that is Pat Boone for obvious reasons. Let's say we're drawing. Wait a minute. I got something for Pat right now. It's number K in the catalog. You'd say, oh, you're not going to believe that. So it's a hop-along Peter. Yeah. No, I'm a serious. It's on two little feet. It's a novel wind-up tie for adults. You wind it up and it hops. It hops. And you can even stick it in the cardboard box. But it's a hop-kill. It just hops around at the table. Hop-to-maloo, I think, is what it does. Thanks, Ron. With all this restoring, you're calling about the commissioner's, right? Beverly Phillips has a new campaign slogan. Yeah. Call them. I'm going to bake anymore. That's good. I like that. That's excellent. And by the way, have you noticed that Beverly Phillips and Nicky Grossman have never been seen with the same place. Very true. In fact, she has another slogan. Eat for success. The meaning are not the same person. I mean, there's no place big enough to hold them both at the same time. Correct. OK. They ought to go in. Have a wonderful life, sir. Nice to hear for you, Deep Throat. Plantation, hello. Hey, Neil. Tell the girl for nurses. You see, needs an e-finature. I got a house full of furniture and selling. Why, what are you going? I'm moving in. I just call the same. I'm going to miss you. Are you serious? Where are you going to? I'm going to have known it's back to Chicago. Oh, my God, back to the States. Back to the States. Back to civilization. I can't believe it. Shame on you. Leaving us all alone here. The suffer? What can I say? I don't know. I just, I didn't listen to you for a long time. I never call you. But I'm going to miss you. So I just wanted to call you step by. Well, good luck. Thank you. Bye-bye. That's the pressing. Very well. Very depressing. I can't believe she's going to leave us here alone. It's a deal with all the deal with Stan. Oh, and Snow White. And all these other manic things in South Florida. We have an open line and date. Better keep those lines full of folks. Or it's us still away, girl. What do you think? These calls have been a lot better than what we had yesterday. Oh, yes, today was. They got us. Calls? Yes, they were. It was like they were from another plan. Exactly. What I do to deserve that was, you know, last week was great. Everybody was into it. And Saturday was even good. Then all of a sudden I come in yesterday. And it's like nine out of every ten colors. Just got left out of our Katie over the weekend or something. It was really bizarre. So for real, you call for exactly. Exactly. You hit her right on the head. Yeah, Saturday was fine. Everything was just terrific. I didn't say that. Worst educated shopper, Sergio Pereira. If these sereds look at your local off the rack, off the street, off the books places, isn't that a shot? Best 24-hour eatery, Lester's on state road 84 West of Fort Loderdale. And wolfies on Collins Avenue. Oh, they're right with Lester's. Oh, boy. They're out of touch. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Maybe 20 years ago. 27-1 at W.I.N.C. The worst local celebrity, Don Johnson. They have a deep depression at this moment as we read this over and over. This is something about his ego. He's a vice-man Miami. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to you. Good day, James. Well, look at those phones. Everybody in Broward disappeared during the newsbreak. They all flowed it away. I'm serious. They all flowed it away and Broward. 524. 9400. They've got to get to the mall. I got a lot of important stuff to do up there. You know, I'm going to irritate because majors never going to get here. That car problem still. Yeah. Oh, boy. I told you, I wouldn't listen to Macy. I told him that that car, which I'm glad to loan him. But I told him that that car is a piece of mong and it hasn't been run in weeks and weeks and weeks and it's got all kinds of problems. And it's, you know, it's a disaster. You wouldn't listen to me. See, there are some people you know who will never listen to you. And he's one of them. He always knows best. Right. He'll never get here. I told you to probably think, you know, he winds up having a problem. I'm going to sit here, you know. For hours and hours this afternoon, filling in and doing extra hours. And I don't have time for that. I'm going to go meet all these people that want to go to Hawaii. I don't have time. You have important things. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. One way to WI and C and then we got food from Pizza Hut here, which of course some of our folks will turn their noses up because brick oven is sending tons of food shortly. Do we need to mention any names? Of course not. And by the way, no more food in the studio than we're right. That's right. After today. After no more food. We were starving today. I don't know why. You have to... You have to... Mentally. Well, okay. My amy hello. Yeah, I knew how you doing. Okay. Listen, I just called to say one thing. Please remember, I didn't start the fire. All right. That's really important. Just remember that. And we'll see what happened. Very good. Was that cuter what? I didn't understand it. Please remember, he didn't start the fire. The fire. I heard what he said. Yeah. He's cute. Like a dead frog and stands pulled you know with a Clarox cute. Miami, hello. Is there a Roger? Yes. I'm an executive director of Tagdabe and I was wish to extend an invitation to you to speak any time soon at our club because we're really anxious to see you on action. No chance. Well, no manners. Hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Congratulations to you on your radio. By the way, lady. Tell Halbergita. Give me a message. Go ahead, sir. Anyway, I've got about 40 people in the office here and they don't believe it's a song called The Ballet of Dick and Jane. They're right. North Miami. Hello. Are you doing, Neil? Okay. Him again. Okay. Boy, they're all getting in your all-estand's missfits. Are getting in early. We have an open line in Broward 524 9400 2 lines in date where we're excavating them. 624 9400. We're going to go through these calls like Grant took Richmond. We're going to very quickly. Very quickly. I like the lead. I've got a lot of them in the second call. Exactly. There could be a lot of those of them. Miramar. Hello. Yes. The old pain in the ass is going to about my pace that I did not get. Well, we don't want to discuss it on the year. Where are we going next? Let's see. We have an open line in date. I'll give those numbers one more time. 624 9400. And an open line in Broward 524 9400. You folks are testing my patients. We may actually have to get to those three pressing issues. We always have those as a spacco. You may have to get out the WI and Z steam iron and start pressing right now. It's our contingent. Do you notice that this morning when what's their name? Sprykin' a frack on Zeta. We're talking. And I was coming to work as they were doing it. They were talking about this the best in the worst. They got into the deli and the hamburger. They mentioned a couple of others. Isn't that interesting? Conspicuous by its absence was any mentioned of the best radio personality in South Florida. Isn't that interesting? They didn't miss that. They didn't even read that little money. No. No. Must have just been a miss. Yeah, an oversight. An oversight. Yeah. Okay, let's go to Pompano next. Hello. Yes. This is your friend from Detroit. Yeah. What do you want? I got a kick the other day. When you said the fella didn't know who Dick Perch, the Robin C. Horn. Yeah, that guy wasn't from Detroit. He may have once passed through there on the Edsel Ford Expressway. That's about it. I'm telling you, he wasn't from Detroit. Yeah. Well, everybody's getting it. He didn't even know JP McCarthy. Yes. And he's pretty good. I wonder if you would ever run into a fella. I think he's been 20 years on WTR from midnight till five in the morning. Jay Robert. No, no, who he is. Yeah. He does that night's flight. Yeah. Well, anyway. Really boring. Everybody gives you a tip on the horses. I'm going to give you the best tip. Calls they get. Detroit's going to go all the way this year all the way through the world. I hope so. Why hope they knocked those Yankees into oblivion. Great. I had one thing for you. You and he's our bunch of mong brains. You were doing so much fun and cheap the other day. And I was sitting here, tapping in the. Uh. You were teasing Stan of course. And I said, well. And you know, you know, you're. Yeah. Now you. That's a double on. He doesn't. He follows young ladies up and down the escalator. I'm serious. You're laughing. I'm dead serious. Everybody in. You're in. We are sure. That's why they got that outfit up. They're trying to get us off the air with a Catholic church. They love us in Pampino. Yeah, about 16 of me. It's a kind of minions that together. And they chip in and they got you and Stan and one way. But it's a beautiful. Great. I can't wait. I get that. Okay. I'll see you in the Soundfield Express Wester. All right. Okay. Adios. You're going to be big in the. That. We have a miss fit on a mobile phone. Hello. Deal. Yeah. I just want to thank you for allowing me to buy a mobile phone. I have absolutely no reason for one except to call you. Right. I want to buy one just so I can call in because I listed you show all day in the radio. Really? And here I am. It just bought it. Put the antenna on and you want to the first call. You put the antenna on. Yeah. Speak it in in the ways. Would you place sir? Yes. Who is this George Valdez? Right. Well, about George Valdez. I'd be heading towards the van of myself. Exactly. Well, listen. Pick him up. Yeah. Come up on the. He's talking about a vault lift coming this way. We should send them. Go. Pick him up on the Teconic State Park Wacer. Yeah. So I just want to call. Say, hey, thanks for giving me a lot of enjoyment on the way. Pick him up on the way. Send a press one. Do. Try to pop a vampire state building. Make him a tourist. And keep up the good work. I want to thank you for my tape. And all the other nice nifty things I got from your radio station going in the box. And then we need to go ahead in the box. Yeah. Okay, sir. As soon as he can grow one, we'll take a picture of it. Holly would. Hi. How are you, Neil? Okay. Listen, my son, Mr. Pinellas County. And we would like to take. Bunday and raps the juice warm. My good. Well, I hope you get to hear him sometime. Lighthouse point. Hello. What do these people think this is? Like these are authors. We're following authors. Forget it. Plantation. Hello. And my dad's a plan about that show. He does on Sunday night on Zeta. What's the deal with that? I can't believe someone actually heard that. Boy, what a surprise that is. I'm a child. 11 o'clock. And I heard a dog on Johnson. Yeah. You heard who? I had done Johnson on the show last week. I do a little. I do a little. I said, oh boy, he found the cart. Stand found the cart on my desk. Over the weekend. He's been talking about it all week. And he came to me Monday just apoplectic. You know, did you do an interview with dinosaurs? That was actually an old interview with dinosaurs. You know, you are an author. He did you. Yeah. Then the arrogors was on. He just made up my voice. I wasn't making. I do it. It's a little public affairs show. I do for our film. That's all that is. We'll have our pictures. It's like, it's like, mong. Runs a couple times on Sunday. I'm glad you heard it. Was it weird? Yeah. Very weird. Good. You're going your voices. Oh, something to sleep. Well, that's the purpose of the show. I'm much more. I'm glad to see we are doing what we intended. You know what I mean? It's mong. It's hopeless. That pizza's fine. Me or what to deal with try to do? What? Try to do it. Don't you like them? Yeah, I do. So what's wrong? I'm going to create keep. Great album. Gotta play a mean to me. You got to cool some. Mean to me? Yeah. Okay. All right. Audio. I'm going to make a comment about crowded house. We have this very hip young audience. A stoop. A stoop. Ha ha ha. Now, serious crowded house is really incredible. Unbelievable. Very sensational. Speaking of crowded house, it's too crowded for him in the house. I'll tell you that right now. Uh-oh. North Miami Beach, hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I just want to say congratulations on your ratings. Of course. This morning. Who is this bill, Tanner? No. This morning. My wife at the side. What James Hummel, I can't believe it. This morning, my wife was going to change the station. And she wanted to listen to that so-called new personality on a cross-the road from you. Oh yeah. And uh... Rachel's. Let me tell you something. The guy was like grasping the straws. He was screaming like Lee Fowler. Trying to get collar to come in for like 40, 45 minutes. Nobody would call him because... Incredible. We don't even want calls when we're getting him. I'm saying. And uh... Who is the eating? We don't have time for this crap. Oh, it's disgusting. I mean, he just doesn't compare to you at all. And anyway, I want to say congratulations again. And if you can, maybe sometimes during this week or something, if you start playing those other records or something, if you let us know because I just got out of it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Playing what other records? Probably. I would like to take it. I'm trying to move around the best that I can't write. Now I just got out of surgery. The beginning of the week. I wanted to go reach my tip recorder. I couldn't get him a bed. Oh boy. To go try and record some of the stuff. So if you could, if I could send a tape and tear out a appreciate it. Sure. We'd be delighted to do it for anything you like. Thanks a lot. Okay. Okay. I'll read the urge. I'm going to carry it to the... Yeah, they didn't mention us at all this morning on Ziggat. Is that embarrassing or what? I wonder what that was. They didn't talk about the best radio personality whatsoever. No. They sort of just write there in black and green. It's right there in South Florida. South the day, whatever magazine is. Miami magazine. Best radio personality. And it was almost unanimous. They probably didn't see that. Sort of skipped over the lower side. Yeah. They're busy over there. Yeah. How are you looking around for what are you looking around? Nothing. Are you looking to see if Gary walked out of the control room. He's out of the control room. He's on his way in here. And he's going to physically drag you out. No, he doesn't care. He's not interested. Wait a minute. Miami sure is. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Yeah. This is our good friend in Miami. Sure is. Yes. I've called you about the devil here. Yes. Are the jirables leaping with Glee? Yes. They are. They are dancing joyously. Joyfully. With the purpose coming now. They're most excited. They're planning a terrible parade for him. We're going to run in front. But I'm calling you. I'm calling you today. I'm at a matter entirely apart from from joy and mercy. Do you have a copy of today's Miami news? No, we sure don't. But you asked to guess you had Janet over and get one that turned to the local news page and look at the briefly column. About halfway down there is a most shocking story that about our senate Graham. Really? And this is a headline as follows. Graham stands day with cops. You are senate about Graham's spent the day rolling around on the floor with codlers at two day Cancels. Now this is just to me. It's just absolutely disgusting and depressing. We have a senate like this rolling around on the floor with codlers. And down here. And in real in the lives of our children here. And he's messing his way kids. It's disgusting. And he has to come back and ruin the lives of children. The small children who can't defend themselves. Not holding around on the floor with codlers. And he's not on the that he's overweight. He shouldn't be doing that. And was that sort of thing in the first place on the children. Oh, broken. You know, this is a man who's grew up milking moon cows. And now he's rolling around the floor with children. Where this is? This is the most juvenile place. I don't mean the punab. But I would like to take care of children in our community. I invite them in for cookies and milk. I certainly don't go fronicking and rolling on the floor with them. Is our dear senator does. Hello. Yes. I think it's disgusting. I think he's nothing but a juggle to me. He should be putting one of those little cages. It may be the case that'll balls and run around in his cage. He doesn't belong in public. He's going to go around like that fronicking with these little small children. Oh, I think I'm all in the protection from this evil fall. So this is all you wear senator. And that's all I have to say. I said, you pick up this man and news immediately. We need to start a campaign to get this turban out of our office. Ha ha ha. Okay, now listen, we don't have time for all of this. We're busy eating, okay? 27 after one at WI and Z stand major is scheduled to be here at two, but don't hold your breath. He's stuck to the beach. He's never going to make it. I'm telling you that jalaphe is not going to get here. And I'm going to have nothing but grief. And the man will just not listen. You know, he just won't listen. Plus that job. Why do people have to complicate my life? And so, you know, it could be so simple, but they have to complicate it. We have two open lines in Dave from, you know, a couple of people who hung up during the break who want to complicate my life. 624-9400. Even the big Z today is so good. That it's unbelievable from brick oven. Miramar, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I was very proud to donate a hundred dollars to your so far campaign. Great. But I never did get my jacket from stupid star creation. So I've been calling them in the car. I wonder if you can help me out with that. I mean, why aren't you taking care of this call? Why haven't you done something about this? Um, call me after two o'clock. Call of the bird. Call Glenhill after two in the office in the office. And he'll take care of it. Pronto. That should have all been taken care of. Okay. All right. Trust me. Okay. Shame on you. Not my fault. These are all my fault. These were all been taken care of. Well, didn't sound like he'd been taken care of. I agree. I'm shocked. You want to be. You want to be shot. Miami. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yeah. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Neil. This is on the first time calling him the air. I just wanted to say that why I don't know. I've heard comments about that. You have something about George Valdez or something like that. How do I understand? What do you mean you heard comments? You don't even know what we're talking about. We haven't mentioned his name once today. Well, that was, um, Who did they think of, right? How do you know? Well, that's what my friend was saying. Yeah. Well, did you, did you hear it? That's what a friend of mine. No, no, no. Let me ask you one more time. Did you hear it? No, I did. Okay. Get lost. Well, no, how are you doing? Are you the one they were singing about, sir? Neil is been seven days. That I have heard a good call. And talking about the senator, Fralent being with the jervils. Yeah, she's one of our great all-time callers. Why don't you show that? And the girl that tickles the big up ticks balls. Yeah. Yeah. Hannah Collin and say, welcome back. It's great to hear a call like that again. Now, let's just go. I think you got a little confused. I think it was Senator Graham, who is doing with a fix. That's good. This is Neil. On the guy that gave you boss, he's gone last week. Yeah. I'm going to have another one for you Friday. I've got a lot of bucks. Boy, boy. I've got all of his fun hours. Now, that's true. I've got a hundred of them. That's true. The perspective was there. Oh, yeah. The perspective was mortal Billy O. Sage. No question. That was the first time that senator wrote him. You know, what did that pay? What did it pay? 14 bucks to perfect? 980. 980. Yeah, but still what the hell for two bucks? Now for four bucks, he had to turn it around. Well, yeah. Okay. But still, you know, I still did good. Listen. Another good one for you. What I'm not going to give you to a Friday. Everybody has to tune in there. Great. We can knock it down to one to two like darn that alarm. You saw where he ran. Hey, it's a winner. You'll come on now. Is it really? You sound like, you know, I have a friend of mine. This guy has spent $50. Trying to beat the truck. And he always loses. So skip the race. He says to me, if I knew the horse was going to win before him, I wouldn't bet I try to beat him. It doesn't make sense. That's like Billy O. That's like Bill Carter is the same way. You will not bet the truck. I know people like that. Exactly. Listen, I got to mention something in honor of Elvis Presley once it's been 10 years on a movie channel. They're doing this thing this week. Just like this, just a tribute to Elvis. So I'm sitting there. I had nothing else to do. I'm watching it. I hope I can say this and you don't believe me. But they take Elvis through his trousers. It's there was 20 to 30. And he doesn't know that he's on tape. One of these guys is tape at this thing. He walks into this room. And he's talking about that girl last night gave the greatest head of my life. I couldn't believe it. And he's going on and on and on. He's going on tape. Am I still there? Yeah. Okay. He doesn't know he's on tape. And he just wants to everybody he can see. I mean, now I checked he and he got it. It's on again tonight around 7 o'clock. If you can watch this watch, if you're really going to crack up. This is Elvis. I'm centered Elvis talking about his love life. What is it called? Elvis tapes? Yeah. No. It's this is Elvis, isn't it? You'll love it. This is Elvis. I think it's the name of it. What's it called? This is Elvis. No, it's called. That was Dana. No. It's no. It's no. Break shepher. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you. Emilio asked us. Are you Friday with a good tip? Okay. Thank you. You've bought his record. You've seen his film. You'll even purchase the day glow of old memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secrets recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. You'll know, baby. This is Elvis. But I want you to come over right now. Make me a big peanut butter never so much. A peanut butter and a never so much. Or a good me too with the day. You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments. All these are male pieces. Yeah, this is the Elvis. Won't you bring me over? A large pile. Don't make it, make it straight. Don't make a sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm on. I'm alone. I'm alone. And I'm hungry. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one through love of his life. Won't you bet on what you've got to make him a lot, baby? I don't do way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please? Leg jelly. Green donut. Crullas, Jimmy's day, this too. All of my baby honey glades, don't us. Without them, how can they do? The Elvis tapes. I can make him a game of more donuts. A available mouth. He runs doors everywhere. All of these. All of these. I live in Montemoison, too. I give a big part of spaghetti. Okay, now this is going to just absolutely flip your lid. Okay. Okay. Miami right to life. Seriously, they have sent us this came to our newsroom at WINZ. A letter. We have a some exciting news to share with you. We have an agreement with radio station Hot105 here in Miami to air profile messages to a day five days a week for a month. We are providing the station with 630 second and 160 second messages to be included in their schedule. The tapes were produced at the National Right to Life Office and are extremely informative. According to the rate charts Hot105 is one of the most listened to it. Fast is growing radio stations in the area. For the target audience of 14 to 35 years of age, we need your help in this project. And with like projects that we have on the planning board. The contract with Hot105 cost the Miami right to life organization approximately $4,000 for the first month. Our reserves now are very low and we would like to continue this program. Seriously, they want to donate. So we can buy spots on Hot105. Exactly. Exactly. We also ask for donation to keep the radio messages on the air. We need your help. Oh, God. And if anybody saw the book, it's obvious that Hot105 needs your help. You believe that. And they go one of these things in here $1,5 all the way up to a thousand. And then other like you know, 10 million. Like maybe this is all your right to check for couple of million, you know. Yeah. Because Hot105 needs to run those spots. But 30. It's an incredible or wired. It's weird. I mean, is this a strange state or what? I've got all of it with somebody very strange would say. Okay, Stan Major is not in the building yet, which is beginning to cause just a wee bit of Constination in the bowels of some of us, but you know. It's relaxed. It'll be all right. What do we got to do it to a clock if he's not here? We have, we'll play the rack. There's no problem. Okay, 21 before 2 in WI and Z. Action says nothing. Hello. Hello. Yes. I am a third caller. Great. I just wanted to call him say, so what if the band doesn't heal up? He's staying anyway. Right. Oh, oh, no. Oh, no. Really. He's got some nerve driving my beaten up old Jolopi. Right. I've got to ask, where do you get these records like the asshole want? I love that. If it's in my husband to a case. We'll play those. We'll play I want to be done, John. I'm using some. We'll play. Let me where we get them. You make them up with the people. No, no. We get them from the record underground. Anyway, I think you're right. You're right. It doesn't pop up. Okay, forget about Stan William. He's probably just used that as an excuse anyways. Hoping up and down that escalator at the Sears. I'm telling you, look out. He's looking for the wife. Attention, Kmart chopper. There's a lunatic on the loose in the fresh fruit department. Look out for that man. I'm telling you, we got two open lines in Broward. Keep your daughters at home today. Number is five two four. In fact, all of Broward lines just opened up. They did. They're all. They just opened up. I'll five two four ninety four hundred. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Buenos dias. I just want to let you know your own information. That according to the other radio station, you are now known as the other talk host in town with a tackling subhuman sitting next to you for an hour and a half at a time. Wow. When he drives down on on he five, he sees all these cars in the ditches following a sleep from your show. Wow. Isn't that throwing? Yeah, they must all be pulled over filling out their diaries. Evan. Anyway, keep up the good work. I enjoy you immensely. It stands as a show up. Who the hell cares? Wait a minute. Which do you bag was this that said these scandalous things? Oh, Rachel. Rachel. Oh, yeah. He's desperate. Yeah. I mean, the man is just like, He's the only guy in town who gets paid by the call. I really have to laugh about two is that I listened to IOD sometimes for the sports show is when you're everybody else is going off you. Of your station because I don't want to listen to talk net. And they have these promos on there for this other guy Mr. Nice guy in town. Oh, yeah, Bill McQuig. Yeah. Have you heard that from? Oh, you mean the board-op he's great. Are they still running those? Oh, yes. I mean the guy won't hang up on you and he's still totally understand your needs. And I have to sit there and laugh because the whole thing's a joke. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not. I'm refuse to listen to the other station. But it's just, we have switched over to this morning just for a second. And then it's giving this whole big deal about how you've got a subhuman sit next to you, Kaacling. If I want to have somebody with that, that's human sit next to me. At least I can have a live person actually sit next to me. Like Joe Johnson with his two one, yeah. Anyway, keep up the good work. I've had his stand on his show. Exactly. Okay. How does it feel to be love-stand? We have an open line in day to keep those lines going. And we're getting to the end of the hour. And generally we lose the callers at the end of the hour. But I have a feeling this show could be extended. And we could go into sudden death over time. That's right. Extra earnings. In other words, if Major doesn't show, it's sudden death. We'll open with our want to beat our Johnson. We have an open line in Broward 5249400. If you're standing near the lingerie department at Sears, watching some very elderly man by sexy neck wasjay for a little girl. Please call the police immediately. Call 911. Okay, we're. We have a caller on a mobile phone. Hello. Phone, yeah sir. Daily listener, just one lecture. No congratulations on the South Florida magazine. Boating you the best of the talk show people. How about that? I listened. I just got it. My local issue. I even beat out Henry Burrow. Every day you are the gang. No doubt about it. No question about the hair of the 20 years. I'm sitting next to you. You're still the best. The stand minor who shows up after you. When heard if he didn't show up. Also the FBI statistics are out this morning. After the news. And Miami made it to number one from number seven. I know. And if it's right in with what you're trying to put down to the people. Really love it. Okay. I just wanted to know that. There's what's left of my car. Major just gave you. I'm going to dream you a screw. Okay. That's what's left of my car. I just want to measure to know that. You go better. That's the least screw I've got. Where he used to work before he came to INZ. And apparently. Everywhere. Everywhere sir. And he worked for the law firm of lean back and whack it. Oh. Unbelievable. Was that a shot? Is that a shot? He deserves it. Okay sir. Have a wonderful life. Okay. What do you have to say for yourself now? We got all this food. We saved you the cheese pie for work oven because we didn't want you to be in a Sireley mood. It's on. It's on. Don't panic. It's on. He saw a star come in. The check engine light was on all the way to work. Yeah. And just stays on. But it ran okay. Yeah. Okay. Considering. Considering it's a real piece of junk. I told you that. Long. I think it's the word he used. Did you buy that from our rental? I would hate to go into the story about where I did buy because I would rip the rest of your show on here but I'm not going to do it. Where's the CD? Oh, Neil ate the CD. I'm eating the CD. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. He doesn't like the CD. He likes it. He loves brick oven. He loves their pizza. He doesn't like their CD. He's not been waiting a minute before you go running off. Didn't you tell me that? Didn't you tell me that? I haven't spoken to you. Oh, what up. Oh my god. Okay. The girl on the escalator was really four ladies and a half. And I've been covering up for him. He was really only four years old. She was in a high cheer. Okay. And they were carrying her down and his little cradle. I mean, I've been trying to protect you. But now that you came in here and lied to my audience. Shame on you. He said. As major walked out oblivious with his brick oven pizza in his hand. It does. He took it. Yes. I'll put it in your coat. I'll put it in your coat. And the house is getting more crowded as the afternoon goes on. Okay. 14. Hi. I'm Mary Smart. And the big trend this year is perfume named after television celebrities. First, there was crystal for women and curington for men. But now you can also dab on an essence of cause. If you want to smell like money, oh, to out. To smell like a harry cat eating extra terrestrial. And introduce Chuck this week. It's stench of Oprah. The overwhelming smell of a big nosy fat woman. I'm crossing my legs behind my head. I'm tying them in a knot. I'm Mary Smart Entertainment this morning. Okay. Now we finally get to that part of the show. We finally get to the part of the show. We're going to let him tell his thing. What does he do? Just like the last time. Remember he gets up and he walks up. Shameful. What a disgrace, huh? Just as we get to the part of the show after we've killed all his time. And we have not won, but three important areas to be covered yet. And he abandoned us. So I'm just going to sit here and eat. Or go on strike. The better show. While we take this call from Volca, collect, tell him. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay. Double a question. First, walking graduations on your rating. And where are you? No, just cross. Where are you rating for A and radio up all together in general? Yes. Do you think that's a reflection that you pulled that? Or English? Right. You think that's a reflection that you pulled other people over the A and radio? Yes. We are using any other stations. Yes. Yeah. I'm doing it now too. No. Okay. I just wanted to find out if the seat thought that was the case. Because that was the reflection that I got. That maybe if the radio is kind of on the downstream now. You got it. And if you listen to what you'll understand why. I do. That's why I'm in the hang of Missing More AM radio with a certain sports park show. It's six o'clock. And then you know, you and Stan, like I'm all with an AM nowadays. But anyway, so it's an ever good day. Okay. Thank you. And welcome to the real world, sir. You're a Tom about our dinner, but. You know, you were punching up FM buttons like Mad Trauma. And again, he lied to Gamla. I said, he told me that QBA FM was 107.9. I goofed him. And I punch up 107.9. And sure enough, there's a record in English. Okay. The only problem is that that's July 107 is 107.9. QBA FM is 107.5. So the man tries to wheeze a lot of me at dinner, which made not much difference. Because, you know, as it turned out, all he ate was the French fries. He was too busy looking and trying to, you know, start something with that guy's wife. She was nice. You know, I would throw my ironclad, don't mess with why it's rule out for her. And now you see the problem is when we go back there, those people obviously go there a lot. And when we see them again, you're going to be embarrassed. You're going to be embarrassed. You're going to be embarrassing. You're going to be embarrassing. You're going to be embarrassing. You're going to be embarrassing. No, our husband will jump your bones and beat the living crap out of you. What's going to have very nice guy. They're very nice. I thought he was nice. I thought in days they can take a little listen. You heard what he said. He was very nice. You heard what he said. When I left, but don't repeat it on the air. Oh, I'm going to repeat that, you. Please don't. That would be the end. No, come on, don't. Come on. Come on. All right. Now, all right. About the big ZD. Are you going to tell the truth? I didn't you tell me before that you didn't like. Oh, I beg you. From brick oven, it's got to be the pizza. Yeah. You like the big ZD of the novels. Now, I love this big ZD from brick oven. Oh, kids, great. And I ate it because you told me you didn't like it. You love their pizza. Neal, don't. Don't get carried away. I was okay. The brick oven by the way. Oh, my lord. From South Florida, magazine is the best pizza in town. Well, they should. And, of course, so you also heard about your friend who got to nail this the worst local celebrity. Don Johnson, the ego that crushed Collins Avenue. And about the best radio personality somehow, I'll quote it again since they wouldn't read it on ZD this morning. They somehow over. It was an oversight. Somehow, everyone out there loves this nasty and proud of it. Man, Neal Rogers. What are you doing, listening to radio anyway? Go and write a letter or something. We prefer something a bit more civilized with a touch of a soft, a more acumer like WGTR's Herman and McQueen in the morning. Okay? Who aren't even on the air? But they'll take anybody other than me. So the readers picked me and they picked Herman and McQueen. Congratulations. Yeah. Thank you. So I'll meet you next year. Okay. Now, shall we get to these three items. Are you ready? No, that's your background building. I have one more. One quick. Why is he looking at me like that? That's what I asked you quick question. No. Did you hear the girls mother? Oh, yeah. You had a little from Gainesville. You heard her mother called? Well, her mother evidently is a bigger boob than she is because she called a while ago. Did you hear that call? And she said it was genetic. She said it was in the genes. Really? And I said I know that Stan was trying to reach into the genes. But unfortunately, how about the one who came over to ask you what time it was? She was very cute. Yeah. Well, you know, we're here. Oh, I forgot about her. I didn't even mention her. No, no. No, no. She didn't ask me, no, no, wait a minute. You've got to confuse. There was another young lady who came over by herself who was a listener to the show. I know. I know the one you talked about, the Gainesville poet. No, that's a different one. Well, how did it, where was I? I must have been looking at that guy's wife. You were grabbing onto the guy's wife's leg. Obviously, you were distracted. Yeah. She was very attractive. Okay. Here it comes. You've been waiting for almost four hours. You want to eat some more cubes. Here's a defense and impassioned defense. Do the talk of a movie that is defenseless. Go ahead. Come on. Let's do press, Jimmy. No. No. No. I think it's right here there. No, no, no, no, no, no. What did I do wrong now? I just thought you were going to let it go. I want to tell you something. It is so perfect that James Hummel would have a spectacular orgasm right on a radio. Well, that's not going to be far. A little more. I thought I was right on a radio. Thank you. If he heard this. Okay. Now you watch. All those 400 little men who are holding out of the tape. What is this? Like the Howard Steering Show. People belching and burping and pew- how can you have a beautiful young lady in the studio audience here. Not even talking to her, putting her in. Because we brought her in for you. She didn't know that. Or she was watching. She was looking here yesterday. And she was looking off the chair and heading for the door. I don't want to follow her to the ballpark. I'm sure that. That's why she drove her brother's car today. She was a man-oring man. Plate number that you got off the car. Her brother who's about six four in the parking lot. Yeah. She was totally right. Johnny Wad who lives in Miramar. Okay. Shall we see this if it's. What is he doing now? Do you hear that? He's finally just, seriously. He's finally just fallen into it now. All right. I got myself down. Okay. Are you ready to listen? Yes. Are you prepared? Yes. Want to make sure I pressed the right button this time. I pressed all the wrong ones all day. I've heard the beginning of the show. I pressed. I screwed up all the. And it's still been a grand show. Okay. Are you ready? Do you say so. Best of. When the night. Oh. And the landing. Oh my god. Oh my goodness. Who's James Hummel? Ready? Ticking. Okay. Okay. Now let's do it. You've got three areas to cover here. Let's get it over. We didn't get there a lot of here. Please. You know, with home. We'll sick you. Yeah. And look to good. Yeah. And I. So actually. When you. You've every day. You're a little sick. He was. I have way all the door. I'm. He was. So I said when he found that card on my desk. It was beyond belief. I'm so. He's a good buddy. Marlon doing. He's all right. Good. See you. I got a chance to stay up there. And he's gone for a day. I'm sick around. You can do it at 205. But Glen, if he bugs you like that. Go ahead. Stick on. And I wouldn't interrupt you. On my case. There's three. Three shows. I'm shooting. I'm. Come on. Time's running out. One jerk was talking about. Santerie and highly. It was just a terminal. What do you turn about? Talk radio. Yes. After all. In this city. I listened to talk radio. You're the big network. Are you a control thing? No. No. I listened to local talk radio. This city which I normally don't get to listen to. All the other. All the other. Those washed out stations. Yeah. What? No. I'd be all around telling two and a half weeks. Isn't that incredible? Mark Mosley was sitting in for him. The show was just the worst I've ever heard. I must say. You're a show. You're talking about air traffic controllers. ABC's looking for a guide to three hours before Snyder comes. Okay, Glenn. Come in on my show. Well, I basically come out there. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't say. You just playing games. I think though. He's just a bootie sitting today. Should have seen him last night. Should we let it go again? No. No. No. Come on. For James Humble. Come on. James is one time. For all time. It's yours. Like to talk up. He did on my car through park. Or historic. Oh, yeah. Come on. That great. Minute and six second talker. You're going to stick around, uh, Neo. That's a good one. How do you like that? What? Nothing. I know. That's the best. You're ignoring me. Well, that's going to do it, boys and girls. Have a wonderful life. Look out for the old. I'll be second on the elevator. Look out for that disgusting, Herbert on the escalator boys and girls. And don't talk to strangers.