and see I knew some of these people would start dropping off because they really wanted to talk to him as hotpants and she's long gone we have to look at that all a broward's gone see broward knows that this station is right near the line and they were all prepared to come down and meet the cat these baby today up close and personal but they're all gone so let me give that broward number out seven six four oh seven oh seven did anybody hear Tom jica on a cringeworthy show yesterday now that was an interesting show see jica is one of those guests and that's the only reason that we keep him on the show we have very few guests now but he is riveting no matter who show he's on and i was fascinated because there were parts of that show when it sounded like he and craved with debating and then when leaf follower and Dennis Collins came in at five o'clock i thought they were going to kind of like take over the show luckily that didn't happen but who the hell needed them in there right boy talk about a couple of nervous nellies opa locker hello well i want to know if Kathy is white or black who? Kathy? Kathy McCallum? Kathy? why? Kathy West is very white she's pale as a matter of fact is that is that good or bad? that's it doesn't I don't care I'd still like her show okay okay okay okay it's 11 18 at winc and we've really fallen off to almost nothing what's that Ken's mother's name is Sandy we have heard her show okay let me give that broward number out again what that'll happen in Broward County can't believe it 764 O7 O7 is there anybody alive or we picking up where we left off yesterday see i felt guilty yesterday because we had pretty boring show yesterday but not my fault because as i even in fact follower was doing part two of his sex pole and asking questions about elephant orgasms and things like that and he had no calls he was asking questions of the board ops and of course if you know some of the board ops over there obviously they weren't qualified to answer most of those questions either but uh and as i began feeling my way through the day i realized that until jica came on later and of course he always gets a lot of calls because he's one of the few guests who's got any idea what he's talking about until then it was like death valley days and even one of the merchants in one of the malls talked to me yesterday called up and he said man if you could be here right now it's like ghost time like everybody left and that's probably because pass over is coming up uh the beginning of the week right i mean in this town even the gentile celebrate pass over it's 19 listen if it was good enough for jesus it's good enough for them 19 passed 11 a w i and z were gonna do a little break here will come right back believe it for a minute there's nobody in this market on a m who's gonna get paid that kind of money well you know that's what i wanted to say tough about and this is not a tinkle call but i don't know what you're paid but you know you do something that the other tacos don't do for instance um when that listening to you and then when you've read over with um with colder uh i used to bleed a lot on call for sure yeah because it's the colors you need to show and we had it in the colder now this is like a one man survey really has no scientific ability but i started uh listening to john brown right after you guys started getting to it don't blame don't blame me for that. now i understand but now i with the Kathy West business you're really making her a star i get up uh before i used to switch around you just looking to al at mine uh on Saturdays now when i get up i turn on um like turn on Kathy at eight or whatever it is at 30 because maybe there's gonna be something going on there that you guys are gonna get on to later and i don't think anybody else does that i think that you're able to take other tacos on your uh on your station and uh improve the rating i don't know how you could test that though well i'll tell you one thing not only on this station i think at a whole market when the traffic magazine did that piece couple years ago you'll notice in the back they had little profiles at mark fisher road of many of the other tacos and for two solid days in this market that was the only topic of conversation and you know when when when discussion about talk radio comes up it's generally generated on this show so those people out there who say aww what he talks about other tacos double time and it's bush league and it's this and so on and so forth the fact is i think this program generates more interest and more controversy and more stimulation about the whole talk radio business than anything else in town certainly more than the promotion because i heard somebody talking to jica about that yesterday why don't they promote this show more the bottom line is they don't promote it at all right zero so any promotion that's been done on this show has been stimulated from right here and the believe me just with a hell and the old thing alone you know people magazines coming here on monday that's got nothing to do with a promotion department here that's all stimulated right here well i don't want to further when when listening to jica yesterday it almost sounded like he was talking to you uh on the audience like he had you in mind uh a lot of things that he was saying so it's very interesting uh it's all it's only bill called or who does that listen you know there's a star and then when he goes back on night i'm gonna listen to him on night you know it's uh listen what can you say you make people stars have a good day he makes people what you make people stars oh stars i thought he said star no okay because jerry witchner once said that there's been a famine and he said he's the after result and i'm the one who caused it carry wister oh my god i mean i you know i turn him on he's better than a valiant you're gonna sleep at night turn him on exactly that's why he belongs back on a midnight it may yeah probably in samediah x man 30 seconds of jerry and you're in a deep sleep exactly it's not combative okay see you later i'm gonna go 1136 at w i and see we have a color in hallendale right after our break who wants to talk about how it's stirren's probably his mother in law and we do have a couple of open lines in day if you'd like to join us here things have slowed down little bit since canty left but i'm not gonna take it personally because i noticed that starting yesterday the town is in a blue funk it's kind i'm not kidding you listen and depressing and we're all just gonna kind of late start is crazy you in order that leave for making a star at a catchy west now all the reeds back with you plan off right there it's very nice but i started with a lot of early in the morning inside of warning what i'm the up drive rower something it's so charming so fresh like a fresh wind is crazy played it out here so we're all true in fact i guess i just put you as great as you had to make it maybe the weather is so pretty up there not oh i thought you were gonna say you don't like it when she's on my show i don't know i think it's too crazy i'm waiting here this winter dear uncle meal even as i'm writing this you are talking with caffeine west enough already so i turn off my radio until i figure she's gone all of us here at work look forward at hearing you every morning but not when canty is on she may be a wonderful person but she needs to get more education or something she has her own show so let her stay on it at least then she is not cutting in on your time i hate to complain but what can i do mark the in wherever that's like a bottle that's ridiculous marks the wash even what i think is to see get chikers wait out for about part of dolly medicine i'll be out there think i'm on the back you guys this guy on to be for a couple of years radio talk which is very interesting you are sure but not to be on the inside out i don't know i know a little bit of value but what do you know i'm on the field of the health and whoever that guy was he was just dropping his hoodo expertise or some sort of a big associated with the industry he was dropping something what dropping i said what did you say okay okay okay okay listen we can't have can't the only show we can't talk radio we don't want to talk about the FM certainly because that isn't radio all of their doing better they're either sounding better what's the get those guys with the big ballsy voices on a year man that's going to be great say to 94.9 oh they really do they sound much better they are going places and that's a new thing man once those people who remember to get off drugs for a dear two and they discover it's back on the year they're going to really go somewhere okay we have an open line in brown at 7.64 over apartment and I sleep here okay one day in the kitchen one day and then he sometimes I fall asleep in the near the near the in the foyer has been honestly been the newsroom she slept around in there a little bit but now it's got Walter been though no no he was before my time actually he was between my time he was between you and 17.981 and I left so he came this in between no no let me be the first to board and we have to be happy for a candle there you go that's for you are you supposed to light this stuff it has a little wick on it yes so we'll look at them real closely if you grab them real quick before they swim upstream that it has a little wick you know I've been going to wicks and sticks all these years and buying candles you will have some of that kind of boy I'm not going to I'm not going to pursue that I'm not hoping into that for one second that's very sweet we have a lot of ladies in erotic and she spent a lot of time at wicks and sticks sniffing well see she's I don't know what her story is I really don't I think she's been typing there blue in the newsroom Kyle knows Kyle and her very close it's not what he said you wouldn't believe what he told me about you but that's another story I'll tell you during the next break thank you well our lead Ross is here she's trying to a field the void that can't be west left here so to speak and can we move on now or do you have something you want to do I was as lonely my little kid by myself as I come in and take good morning good morning good morning you how are you doing how it's been again I'm gonna report you to how it these New Yorkers man I'm telling you there are so many douche bags from New York not all some of them are really great about 200 of my think it's not a good batting average out of 15 minutes you know Miami hello I the idea for one at WI and Z-R-Line Ross is here if there's anybody in the audience who has any idea who are ladies I'd like to remain anonymous why because I can just be wise you don't know rag a lot you can't be very anonymous so even if you get a better name every time you're like my your style is changed or is that it? yeah use a different name I don't know can you feel like my driver's license picture it has my married name on it you know I can get a lot done okay as a matter of fact those he's been posing as Kathy West all week which is why I think but did you notice when Kathy was in here were you listening when she was in here this morning and all these guys who have been allegedly salivating all week you know I just have an nervous breakdown and getting moist over the thought of Kathy's breasts they didn't call her I mean this is a story that this is a stiff town so to speak figure out only a way and speak for yourself only figure to be speaking but as a matter of fact Kathy left a picture of one of her boyfriends we were young we were so well hey listen Kathy likes to was afraid of her lover round you know you meant to bring sunshine into many lives exactly North Miami hello yeah I feel yes I only sounds pretty good but not good at Kathy now how do you name so much I think I have called a couple of the guys medley and happened to this man's total idiot or do you talk you know now but every time I hear him and I don't know how we get through making most fully voices up my daughter on our boat was the and he haven't even got this thought to hear that more there's nothing you can do about it you can't screen them out something else you know the dis guy has been cranking talk shows in this market for 15 years well I mean isn't anybody wise cool oh yeah well southern bell of course is so aggressive you know I mean it is that they don't want to do anything you can the guy doesn't even deny it I mean he admits it we've got he's getting on his own talk so he's getting more close than we are now and he just insisted that these compulsory can't control himself well he needs medical care well maybe you ought to call his parents they live in the same house their number is 932 4192 saw and sandy block 932 4192 and maybe some lot of suggest to the block family that the Kenneth needs a little bit of help yeah yeah he definitely needs help also listen I type of that record what you actually that goal thing ago like oh yeah thank you and who's kind of kids I put you make it a kick actually anyway what keep up Kathy is just great and all name what can I tell you maybe you'll become a big big star all of them well if Neil keeps telling everyone that I'm sleeping around I'm sure that my time will come yeah you're talking well calm no question about it Neil thank you see you later in fact we heard that our least time comes 24 hours a day but that's only a ugly roll okay okay it's 25 before one at WI and Z we've got a lot of hot young ladies walking around the building here unfortunately none of them will come on the areas we have an open line in day six to six to four oh one nine one and if we could bring back one of the former FM disjockeys I'm sure we could have a lot of these so people in here too man I'm telling and we could uh anybody see Willie B lately do you know him really well talk about him during the break and I'll see Maroon yeah like military intelligence jumbo shrimp team think about when you were a teenager was that fire I sure would know but it could have been if I didn't know then what I know now yeah well I had a hell of a high school class I'll tell you that yeah yeah I was in your high school class a lot of interesting people us I read this the other day and of course in this market it means nothing you should in this article in people Sherry 17 but they have my city you're holding the microphone port a senior in a suburban Atlanta high schools as our parents just know we're out there screwing our little buns off but they can't bring themselves to talk to us about it now wait till you hear this parents who believe they get on a stance is when talking to their teens about sex 81% teens who say they are totally honest when talking to their parents about sex high school 22% college 27% so they need somewhere in between 60% of the kids are lying well most kids don't ever they can't get to their parents ever having done at despite the evidence they have been here so they there's no question they don't want to really shock like they maybe it happened once by accident they're the product of it right is that what you thought I'm asking you all that I think when I told my parents obviously they only did a twice real good and in your case it had to be an accident thank you so much but who what's that all of the all of them and cat on hot ten roof what's here nothing about poll Newman to get anybody excited oh well it's matter fact here's a picture of these uh what would you say they are about 16 yeah it's got her backed up against the lockers there I mean that's kind of a provocative pose for people is that a padlock this arm is kind of a kind of a kind of a fluffy magazine why is your people I pulled this out so to speak I pulled us out to bring in here to talk to them but after hearing a leaf follower doing another sex pull yesterday there's no way that I'm going to do it please been off for quite a while yeah oh can't block I guess you've been in the freedom of expression and so to watch the last night two-clock morning I call them the tell them how I thought the bottle did you answer the phone did you answer the phone yes oh yeah call them about two in the morning do you want to say what do you say that you might cannot afford that it works that I think the seven work you're not allowed to say unbelievable well listen maybe he can use his own show he's hypocritical he doesn't mind you know pretty much especially but he wouldn't even you know talk to us so terrible well we want to spread it around we if he wants to change you know to be a star he's got to take the good with the band the bitter with the sweet that's for sure okay see why can't we can you too it'll be better than that call yesterday is there any way we can who wait a minute can we put that on the air which line oh there it is hello hello spoke wym god Oh, boy, I'm going to tell ya. The sunny Rosenberg was never in better voice, wasn't he? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? What are you saying about your job? Just when you think that this guy's gone, he's still there. Who's he calling now? He's going from A to Z to the beginning of the show. Wait till he finds it, then we're really going to get it. So far he's still looking for it. Hello? Hello? Yes? Who must be? This is a WINC, there's Neil Rogers. They told me on the, yeah, I don't know why. This is an old friend of yours. Oh, the I know it's Mike Lange. I think I don't recognize that voice? Oh, you're one of the crankers, Mike, yeah, we're doing okay. You and Ken Block? No. Yes. You with that, I'm working all the time. Well, that's not what we hear. We hear that you and Ken Block are responsible for most of the cranking going on in town. That's the very popular rumor. You know, there's Ken right on the other line here. You know, Ken? Hello? Hello? Yeah, there he is. They've got him caged up today, I guess, to use on that work release thing. They don't let him out on the showbiz. Are you there, Mike? He'll he cut my coffee, guess. He's going to call all of his associates here. Now, that's good. So Mike Lange is, well, we already knew that. Maybe he'll call Ellis Ruben next. Yeah. Whatever. I think he said I was. Um, was that Ellis? Ellis, how did you like that? What was it a month? Oh, his predecessor, she's going to be on next. Get out of here, sochen. Go take God and, you know, John. Hello. This is all doggy radio. Hello. What is going on? I have a show to do. Get out of here, sochen. What's happening? Don't muscle in on this show. Hey, I could get this is like, Miller. I got this for you. This is better than the calls Mike Miller gets. What? Hello, Mike. I said you three thousand cards. Is this a call that you? This is, this is not a call or this is a special hookup. You're going to great expense to put it right on here to the exact lake. I have to follow this at two o'clock. I've heard your shows lately. Trust me. I have to make you feel any better. The caller is Jewish. Is that okay? It's taking 40 minutes to get rid of your perverts that want to find out who had the galleens pressed star and where the Kathy does it with the Navy. How do you have this on? This is a good radio. I help management as well. This is the new format. Wait a minute. There's no one at home at this time to take your call. Oh, kids got his answering machine on now. I'll leave your name and a brief message. And so or Sandy will get back to your solar Sandy. Please wait for the beep tone coming up shortly. Okay. This is really exciting. I'm glad I got here early today. Hi, Ken. This is our ranteau. We watched you call us on Monday at 9 a.m. We've got an urgent message for you. Thank you. Oh. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I think he found it. I think he just found it. Oh. Oh. Oh, it's your turn. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. She might be able to deal with this guy. Yeah. You know. I mean, even after the if I brought joc, who still back, he really be good. 10 minutes before 2 a wi-fi in z will come right back. Hattick. Okay, 15 free is that we do why as you can. Try something a little different because we have a lady in the bokeh who's desperate to get on here. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes. Can we get them both on together? Go ahead. Somebody is though you were ready to be tied with no calls coming in. No calls? No calls? Wait a minute, when did we have no calls coming in? It was yesterday. Yesterday was slow, yeah. Yeah. So I called and I got, I got on some wire with another man he kept calling hello, hello, hello, and I just couldn't get through. What I want to ask is this. Wait a minute, what happened to our other caller? Oh, there he is. Oh, go ahead. You played a tape about the healers about 10 days ago. It was very good and very funny. I never played again. I would love to hear and I would love to record it. I would, I would, I would, I would. I would, I would, I would, I would. That's right. How about when I said other caller is still on there, where we didn't want to hang up on him. How about a Monday? Would that be good? Would that fucking convenient for me? Don't be what kind? So they're still down the water for phone calls? Now he's dead. I can't believe it. He's really outdone himself today. I knew finally he would do something good. Exactly. Um... You know, do you remember the three of us? Yes, yes. I remember what you talking about. It's very funny. It's really good. The Reverend Holy Moly. Right? I think so. Yes. Okay. We'll do it for you Monday. What time? In the first hour spent, I can't give you a minute. I'll let you know. Okay. In the 10 o'clock hour. I'm 10 to 11. Right. Very good. I don't know. We still got a couple of minutes here. Let's see if we can... You have an exclusive on this guy's. Yes. Oh, y'all sure he doesn't call me in Tom Jika. Okay. And Mike Lans. And he does this professionally. I mean, this is what he does exactly. Yeah. Sorry, but there's no one at home at this time to take your call. At the tone. Your name and the brief message. And so, or Sandy, will be a vote for the first time. That's her. Close the way you can. The beep tone coming up. Sure. So all this is leaf follow. We have an opening in our afternoon show. And we'd like you to come down on our dish. And if you're putting mine, we're trying to get somebody really uplifting for our sagging ratings lately. Sure. So please call us back. Yeah. Sure. Hello. Yes. Just five, nine, five, five, eight. Yes. Public supermarket. Sure. Number. Wait a minute. Five, nine, five, five, eight, eight, nine. That sounds like fruit cake to me. Hello. She just connected her. I want to write that down. Five, nine, five, five, eight, eight, nine. Eight, nine. That must be his number. Okay. Because this might not be who we think it is. This might be a little bit. Hello. Hello. Hello. Is that it? You think that's it? You read it? Yeah. Yeah. Maddie. Self-destructive. There he goes. Okay. Just one second here. Let me try something real quick. Five, nine, five. Our problem is I gave the number out on the ear. Like something. Yeah. It's music. It's busy. Listen, that's a great ending to a great show today. Oh, I can't say we haven't got a frown. There's Adam's getting all excited. Worked up again. Good. Good. Well, let me turn number one early. I saw that. Okay. Well, that's it. Here's Ernie's beginning to sing. So I think it's time for me to get out of here. Absolutely. When you start singing, that's the go. Hitting all time new lows. Well, have yourselves a wonderful weekend, ladies and gentlemen. Ernie is here with another one of those mind boggling shows. Here's God on a show today. I hope he shows. I've had trouble with guests like this. Oh, God isn't in the building yet. No, not yet. Well, he's busy. He's checking the points spread on the ice cool baseball game. But, oh, there's a collar in David who's upset. Yeah, I'm going here. What are you upset about? Well, I listen to the news sound of I-94. And I didn't get to talk him to work like a dog. Why? I didn't get to tell Ken the work like a dog. What does that mean, sir? Well, that was Ken barking wasn't it? You let the lady from bulk it in. I was like, open, I was going to be in there too. Oh, I see. No, we're not sure if that was it. I think that call may have been from Kendall. Hmm. May have been a Schmendrick in Kendall, but we'll check it out for you, sir. But I'm glad we got you on before the end of the line. As I started this, say, before I was so rudely interrupted by that collar, have a great weekend. We'll see you Monday morning at 10. And Monday we're just, we're going to bring it all like good stuff. Okay, we're going to do Howard Stern limitations. We're going to do some of the Al-Rentile material. We're going to have the devil on to counter Ernie show today. I mean, we're just going to let it all hang out on Monday. Right now, Arlene Wolf, Arlene Wolf. Oh, God. Arlene Ross is here and see you all at exactly. Well, after hearing the big bad wolf, we'll never be the same again. Okay.