Well, you'd say that all you want, but I'm not going to be nice today. It's a miserable nasty day and the people in South Florida want to continue being miserable and nasty. We're going to do everything in our power to make them happy. Just had a wonderful conversation with Frutke who, of course, is one of the real, ready, he's the real, reviewer of radio in South Florida, Jika and Linda Thorton are, you know, they do a good job, but they pale into wind significance. They aren't nearly on top of what's happening in this business as our friend down in Kendall is. And, of course, we just had an interesting conversation. There are rumors. I don't want to spill a beans on the air, but there are rumors that someone who used to work here on the weekend has gotten his toes on the fire again in Tampa. And, before I can substantiate those rumors, I'm not going to let it all out, including the word that he allegedly said again on the air. But it's just amazing what goes on in this business. Anyway, we do have his Kathy promised you or threatened you. We have four open hours again. And I'd made mention on her show if you were listening that we do have a lot of interesting guests coming up this week. In future weeks, in the only reason we haven't had any guests in so long is because we've been changing producers like some people change their underwear. In fact, more often than some people change their underwear, which is pretty embarrassing, but so we've really been in limbo. And now, of course, Lori is here and we're all excited about that. And she has that programming office so organized now that it's like it's like antiseptic in there. And you can eat off the floor. It's so clean. In fact, when I went into this morning, I noticed there were a couple of the news people eating off the floor with spantastic. Anyway, I just want to mention maybe we'll talk a little bit about restaurants today because last night, it's easy to knock. Anybody can knock and I do that all the time because the audience loves that. In fact, I had a great letter last week from somebody who is urging me on. They really enjoy when I tear into institutions or people or whatever. And I guess, you know, they're kind of the same mentality that I am. And at the end, it said, kill. In other words, just absolutely rip everybody. But you not want to do that because if somebody does a good job, we like to even credit. And speaking of that, Ernie Sochen is going to be here today. And Ernie's topic is the future of Eastern Airlines. He's going to have Jim Ashlock here. And also, Ernie is promised he's going to apologize for his intent behavior last Saturday when he attacked the campaign on the early bird and all of that male. And when he made that rather pathetic plea for all those young listeners of his to ascend him cards. And Ernie and I kind of went through some of his male together here the other day. And the youngest was about 107. I mean, it was incredible. Even the postcards looked kind of wilted and it was amazing. So he's finally come into the real world and is beginning to understand where it's at. Now Christy is a restaurant in Coral Gables. There was a friend of mine who had a birthday yesterday and I want to mention Bill Colter's name because somebody over there get all upset. But Bill turned 39 yesterday and he was writing a message on the screen. Now taking a shot at Colter, leave the man alone. He just celebrated a birthday. He's got that beautiful new car. And he's got his good friend over there with a pinstripe suit. Leave the guy alone. All I know he used to make fun of me ordering the onion soup. Well I didn't have Neil Parmesan, okay? That made him happy because they don't have that on the menu. But they do have great stakes. Anyway, I always felt that burn steak house in Tampa had the best French onion soup. The studio was a close second. The studio has sensational onion soup. But I'm talking about with the thick cheeses. Is there such a word as cheeses? We got into that years ago when I was in West Palm Beach and Theo station. He's the only one who knows anything. The rest of us just sit in here and we start thumbling around and he writes all these messages on the screen and really is the nuts and bolts. And of course with what they pay him, it's no wonder that he has a lot of time to sit up there and read because you know, it's embarrassing. Anyway, he says he was dragged to it by his brother one day and he just couldn't believe how bad it was. And I second emotion trevies and I saw who's my friend over there at Channel 4. See now I'm going to depend on you for everything. What is her name? The one who does the little puff feature at the end of the 530 News every day. We have a new format now. I just asked questions and I'll have Kyle Phil in the name. Robin Carter, you don't have to give me the name. And I saw Robin over there and she very nice lady by the way. I like her a lot. She's a super person and she did a nice segment on my dating show a few years ago and she just a wonderful lady. But again, why she was eating there? I have no idea. A lot of people who are in they have marinos pictures all over the walls there. And you think that it would be a really great place. I mean, a guy who makes the pasta primavera, it says it was covered by contact cement. Yeah, it was gruesome. I mean, it was really terrible. And why I got with marinos money would eat a trevies one has to wonder. But you get the impression that marino, he endorses everything. You know that? He lives in about 80 different places if you believe all he adds. And hey, listen, I don't blame him a more power to him. Whatever he can grab, good luck to him. That's what it's all about. I've got so many things to talk about here this morning. I really should have made a couple of notes. I was over a channel 33 yesterday and had a meeting with Bob Greasy who's also a super guy. Bob is just a natural and a really nice guy. We're getting ready to do the Hurricane Baseball game starting March 13 on Channel 33. And who should walk in, but a gentleman named Jerry Carr, who is from Rochester, New York, my hometown. Maybe that's what we'll do today. Because I've always said that most of Rochester and upstate New York is down here. And I know that the other people in the audience get very upset, very upset. Not to mention, terminally bored when we start talking about that. And that's good. Say, because it's kind of like an in thing. It's like when the New Yorkers from the city start calling and talking about all the favorite delis and places that none of the rest of us ever heard of. And we don't care. We're not interested in that. So this is like kind of getting even. But anyway, and I thought this man looked. The most horrifying movie you'll see this year happens in broad daylight. They look like senior citizens. But behind the wheel on the open road they become the thriving dead. Yes, then travels at five miles per hour. Then from the neck up they ceaselessly prowl the streets of the city, striking mind numbing fear into the hearts and minds of drivers everywhere. See them come to a dead halt in the middle of an intersection. See them ruthlessly ignore stop lights. See them drive all day with a turn signal on. So chilling, you'll be afraid to drive home from the theater. Don't miss the thriving dead. Coming to a dead stop near you. Ten eighteen a W.I. and Z buddy a middle aged in the shangless. Would you believe that a certain host in town, I don't want to mention Steve Caine's name, because he enjoys it when we pick on him, do you know that he had Dr. Bombis on his show yesterday as he had a look at Kyle is rolling. I mean, when you talk about being so desperate that you will take anybody that you will rip off. When you start taking Alan Berks old guests and I mean old, you reach the end of the line, the end of the line. Look at into that and just put a wear on a daily basis and you have to, the best thing to do is get a scorecard and a pencil with a bigger racer. Don't get a pen, but a pencil with a gigantic racer and a just changing and frantically moving things around and just going nuts, which is always of course the sign of really knowing what you're doing. But when Steve Caine can bring on a guy like Dr. Bombis after he's had his friend, the amazing Randy on debunking psychics and pretending to be poking fun at it. I got to tell you, that's the ultimate desperation. I mean, talk about reaching new lows and new levels of desperation. That's what they've done over their just incredible. So this market continues to be more and more bizarre as each day goes by. It's just you shake your head and amazement and wonder what they're going on. Also, Kathy mentioned this morning and Frank was reading it on the news over and over again because we want to make sure that the youngsters out there know that they're going to have an extra holiday in Dave County this fall and extra day off when Pope John Paul the second comes to South Florida. That's right. In fact, the UPI story even says, Moishi Puppek come here. Some major religious figure. I'm not talking about one of the government leaders because that would certainly never qualify, but some major religious leader from Israel come to South Florida. Come to visit the beach, for example, with a clear school holiday, of course not. If oral Roberts came here on his last legs waiting for God to take him, desperately begging for those final few million, would we declare a holiday no way? But the Pope is going to come here in September and right away, the state is thinking about declaring a holiday and the schools are letting all the kids out and everybody is just going to have a wonderful time. What is it that he's going to do when he comes here? And now he's coming here. President Reagan is going to have a private meeting with him.