Russian friends, they were feeding him borscht, huh?
Do you ever eat borscht?
Beans?
Yeah.
We have the Palomino steak.
I mean, all you got is basically beans and that's...
You have to eat borscht, that's borscht.
That's borscht, you may think.
We just mentioned what are that Palomino?
The Palomino is a horse.
Palomino steak, which is a Cuban for horse meat,
and you've got beans.
And you've got Iliana Ross-Latin.
That's all you got.
All these chicken dishes you've never had a robot.
Yeah, chicken dishes from chicken that you choked into God damn front yard.
We're talking about civilized food here, mister.
We're not talking about the Fritz-Binane, which you also like.
Pride, but yeah, right.
In fact, that's what Iliana Ross likes to do with what's his name?
Dexter in her spare time.
Porscht, brama, la salopeza.
Yeah, and then cook him and have him for dinner.
But at any rate, oh, she makes me sick.
She makes me angry because I think every time I see her,
I think of Rosanne Rosanna-Danna.
And I think what a shame it is that she's dead,
and this bitch is still alive.
That's a sad, sad piece of news.
Is that a hysterically funny lady who was married to Gene Wilder by the way,
who's also hysterically funny in his own bizarre way.
She's dead, and this bitch is still alive.
If you're the rat, you're eating her hard on her.
Okay, sweetheart, or however that goes.
Shame on you, Iliana Gross-Latin.
You crazy obnoxious to-
And yesterday, of course, because they're actually going to let the little
loosen up with a few, but just a little bit.
She's a...
Yeah, motor mouth bitch.
Crazy motor mouth bitch.
Probably eaten too many of those calamino sticks.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Um, no, first of all, I'll call and do it yourself.
Uh-huh.
My little house, you know, I get the BBs.
And my house is never common.
I would like you to think a lot.
So make my city to Los Angeles,
Liberty City.
So great by registering to Los Angeles.
Right, that's right.
They got the little bowl, baby.
You won't see the little bowl no more.
No more.
That's right.
I'll go walk the city straight to leave my door open now.
That'll teach him to go to West Palm Beach, right?
Yep.
Can I get a city?
Can you just make a knot and get it?
Can you get one there?
They're all gone, they're history.
Oh.
I'll give you the number you might call if they still got them.
It's a 954.
Yeah.
563.
Uh-huh.
3600.
All right, no, let it go.
Okay, thanks.
There you go. Yeah, little bowl.
You won't see him no more.
Let's hear it.
You got little bowl.
He was at a motel in West Palm.
Nice high-out there, little bowl.
And they looked in there.
If they looked through the crack in the door,
would that be a little bowl peep?
Is that what that would be?
And there he was inside.
It's okay, come with us, little bowl.
We'll see him no more.
That's good.
Get that scumbag off the street.
So, okay, let us go back to the usual
civilized place that my name is famous for being.
We won't kill quite so many.
Oh, by the way, yeah, I was going to save this for later,
but the timing since he brings up little bowl.
One of the most unbelievable.
And it's only a coincidence.
If you have the Harold, if you don't have the Harold,
rush out and steal it, okay?
Page 10A in this morning's Harold,
World of National News.
Now, it just so happens that they continue on page 10,
a story that's on the front page about this kid on the turnpike
that got hit by a stray bullet.
19 year old Vladimir St was hit by a bullet
between Oakland Park and civilized boulevard on the turnpike.
Just, you know, drive it along,
singing a song, but I'm being, you know, there you go.
Welcome to the sound float of Vladimir.
And the second part of that article is on this page.
And right above and alongside are two amazing articles.
And it shows a wounded Israeli settler on a stretcher,
wheeled in a Jerusalem hospital Monday,
after gunmen fired on a van in Hebron.
And here's the story.
Two Jewish settlers wounded an ambush in the West.
Teen headed home on the turnpike.
And then off to the left is Israel to deport 11 U.S.
cultists to be out there, tell them to the pro bands.
These are those crazy wackos that were trying to bring on
Armageddon by Israel ordered 11 members of the Doomsday
cult deported to United States and police said Monday.
They suspected three others of plotting to commit violence in Jerusalem.
Police arrested 14 members of the concerned Christians on Sunday
and said the Denver based group hoped that bloodshed at Holy Sites would trigger
the second coming of Jesus.
Don't they know trigger is dead?
The second coming of Jesus and that Armageddon
and the Bible says we'll fall it's going to end so on.
So what we got are a bunch of crazy people with guns.
We got a ministerial.
We got them on the turnpike.
See, I was going to say the only piece of desert worth fighting over is Vegas,
which I've always used that line about what a piece of crap Israel is,
but all these crazy religious, the Arabs and the Jews and the Glenn.
Ah, it's Jerusalem.
It's the Holy Land.
Yeah, blow it up.
Blow it out.
You know, blow it out your hands.
However, the only problem being, well, this wasn't in Vegas, but it was in Nevada.
Because, well, I think there's only one way to...
Come on, let's go with this thing already.
We don't have all day.
One thing a way to sum it up.
That's the American fucking way.
Night for shoots, motorists along Nevada highway.
They don't want to be left out.
Reno Nevada.
A man was shot in the chest on Monday.
Last night for targeting traffic on interstate 80.
See, and Sicily, they just had another one over the weekend where they had a big shooting
at a restaurant there.
The mob, and of course, they were a little more careless than usual.
They were just pissed off so much.
They didn't care who was in the way.
They were not in the direction out of our way, okay?
But in America, it's like, hey, if you happen to be on the turnpike,
or like if you happen to be on the I-80, we decide that it's true in time.
Three other vehicles were hit by gunfire forcing the closure of a highway from the
outskirts of Reno to the California state line.
The wounded man was able to drive several miles to a fire station.
He was hospitalized with a wounded police said was not life threatened.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, God.
For that.
There you go.
Crazy people with guns.
You see, you can argue the theoretical of the gun thing all you want.
You know, you can argue about the rights, just like in that book that I love,
that I've been reading from about all our rights being taken away.
But the only problem is that the emotional maturity level of the average American person
is like about a five-year-old.
And then when also you put guns in the hands of lunatics,
like the hysterical Jews and Arabs who are out there to kill each other on the West Bank,
then it's the same thing because they're pissed off and fired up.
And when you put guns in the hands of people who are pissed off and fired up,
they have a tendency to use them.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Mobile in Boca.
You be there?
They waited 17 minutes and 50 some seconds and they'd be gone.
Well, I can't imagine what they did that.
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 6 4 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6
50 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here, in fact, I think what we ought to do is have a big celebration.
Noon today.
Let's just string up a little bow and run.
There you go.
Let's string up.
Just like they did with most saline there in Italy.
If you're in the World War II, string is asked up there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got the load on T Martin's name.
Yeah, T now what what that name be T.
His father name is Maurice.
Yeah.
When he was conceived, his mother added gestor to his father.
One of them two Maurice.
So instead of when they are registered to name, instead of being two, it's
Tom.
So therefore to name Tom Maurice, whatever's last name is.
Yeah.
So that's the load on the name instead of two, it was Tom.
Right.
The records keeper at the hospital instead of writing.
Could you spell two?
I mean, right back.
I mean, well, there's our American money going to what's the education.
You know what I'm saying?
Was then that was after Arangelo and Lamon Jelolo?
Was that just before that?
I have no idea, but I guess I wasn't there.
So two now what is again his name is T.
I mean, the father's name was Maurice.
Right.
And when he was conceived as a gift to the father, the mother,
wanted to give, present the father what it gets.
So instead of naming Maurice, he named him
Tumorice, which is his father's name.
Tumorice.
Right.
Tumorice.
Tumorice.
And it might be his number's Tumor.
Maybe he was in that great centennial.
His number's Tumor.
Well, I don't know if you could.
Maybe he just got a Tumor.
You never know.
Well, yeah, I don't know.
I guess everybody has zero in the world.
Everybody's got their thing.
You're right.
Exactly.
I think I'll leave his alone.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, sir.
There you go.
He'd be Tumor.
Tumor, it's hot.
Do we understand what he just said?
No.
But you know, he's got the load on him.
I'm still trying to put the two by the T by the Maurice.
I don't get it.
We have a number of Maurice Williams and Azote.
I remember that.
We have an open line in date one and four out of five six
except the 18C wireless line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, sir.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Happy New Year.
Happy you be late at any grocery, sir.
Thank you.
Neil, reference to you, good morning.
George, you've got to take you out some morning.
Now, I mean, forget about free holidays and all that crap, man.
Free holidays, that's in that Mexican thing.
I think you're not glad.
I could say, forget about that.
I mean, the night I do like Taco Bell.
No, that's not true.
You don't like Taco Bell, come on.
Yeah, I'll make a video supreme with no beans.
I want to have the killer munchies, I go there.
There you go.
Anyway, Neil, not really.
Like George's thing, I rock on boil, you've got to do I hear you.
I'm a Roscon Poio.
Oh, I've had too much chicken.
I don't want to go on a scene of this chicken.
Rahuas in deal.
What is it?
Rahuad?
Rahuas in deal, actually.
Oxdale.
Oh, oxdale.
See what I'm talking about?
Oh, that is the dog notable things.
Next, you're going to be telling me about puns.
A yakuza.
Should it be?
I've seen a few of them.
I've seen a few of them.
I've got a frita.
A garita?
God, I can't even say these things much like digestums.
And as far as dessert,
it's probably one of the best desserts I've ever made.
You like flan.
Dude, that's not flan.
I mean, that's a thing.
You know something?
He's right.
This guy just hit on the answer.
It is flan.
That's the Hispanic way of saying flan is flan.
You're right.
That is the absolutely correct other great thing.
How do you like that?
Flan is flan.
In Espanol.
Seriously, it tastes like snot.
There's no, I know it's tasteless to say that.
But there is no other way to it.
It looks like snot.
It's the consistency.
It's slimy like snot.
You think it's delicious, but once you taste it, it's not.
In fact, you're not bad.
We're the rest.
Olonia.
And they had what the hell do they call that?
The Italians make a version of that too.
A custard that's like flan.
It is flan.
But the Italians call it something else.
And it was flan.
And it was slimy.
And it tasted like puke and like snot.
And it's not.
10.50.
And over side California, the protest
of police shooting of a black teenager shot 12 times
while sitting in a car with a flat tire.
You're all familiar with the story, of course.
Relatives of the young woman demanded a federal investigation.
Taisha Miller, 19, was killed on December 28th.
Officers called on the scene by relatives about two.
In the morning said they found her sitting in the car
at a gas station parking lot, a gun in her lap.
Its doors were locked.
The windows rolled up and the engine was running.
Police said she didn't respond until officers
broke a window together.
Guns.
She grabbed the weapon.
They said, okay, say that story.
They said, so how about if I opened up to your bag
of famous famous and I just,
no, why?
And I just sniffed it.
Huh?
I mean, sometimes there are things that are really very good
and you just want to sniff them.
You don't want to put them in your mouth
because they might be bad for you.
You want to sniff them first.
Well, no, it's serious like, like, my dog.
The big dog is going to be treaver.
If I put like a little something on it,
if I finger that I'm eating for him,
he'll eat it immediately.
No questions asked.
It knows if it's good enough for me.
It's good for him.
A little dog being a sneaky, anti-social little piece of crap
in miniature picture.
He will sniff it first to see if it's up to his standards.
No, that's right.
He will sniff it and I'll think about
while it's screw you, you little piece of crap.
Yeah, he's got a sniff it first to see if it's, uh,
okay, according to his particular taste,
buds.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Throw the cookies away.
No, I don't even know what I'm sitting here.
I'm not seeing my world power.
All right, to the, uh, tomorrow thing.
The what tomorrow?
Yeah, tomorrow, tomorrow, yeah.
That kid, that's black quarterback.
See, it wasn't a punter either.
It was the place kicker.
It was when they were kicking the third
goal and made it like 17 to 9.
And they showed the place kicker
and I thought he was the quarterback
because I just came in and turned the TV on.
I thought, oh my god,
it's a white quarterback in Tennessee,
but what I was wrong.
Well, I thought I was really watching the game,
but anyway, before the show,
and before the game, uh,
they said,
what's that guy said about him being born?
Yeah.
The mother wasn't born?
When the baby was black,
it was born.
They wanted to call him.
She wanted to say, too,
but the person who wrote out the verse
that they were going to do a literate
so instead of writing PO,
oh, they wrote C-C-T.
So, but, you know,
what kind of a name would that be anyway?
What do you mean?
What do you mean the guy writing it out?
What was it, literally?
What was she if he's got an even two Morris?
And what was it said like,
when was Junior or Morris the second or the third?
Right.
It's like two Morris?
I could have been four Morris, you know, either way.
Uh, you talk about two more.
But names,
what about Jeff?
I mean, can you think of a more idiotic name than that?
No.
Red Necky?
Yeah.
And Rick and Suds,
I listen this morning because I love suds.
I mean Rick and Suds.
Yeah.
And we love Rick.
What did I get?
The stock market.
Yeah, he's obsessed with that stock market.
I mean, I have made my dedication.
I'm going to promote the hell out of that
because I want to see them make it.
They'll get no promotion from Clear Channel.
They're on the verge of getting screwed over badly.
But if he doesn't stop the upset,
and like air me two seconds with a guy damn stuff
and fair value, was this?
Oh, nobody cares about that stuff.
He's trying to impress us with what a guy damn stock mavene is.
Nobody cares when you think of Rick Riley.
The last thing in the world you think of
is the stock market.
Let me tell you his death, Neil.
Gilbert, you talk about reaching for a dial.
Yeah, well, Gilbert and then he's got that adequate day
which he had on him for the last 10 minutes today.
And now what he's going to do,
and I hate to say this because I really want to promote the hell out of them.
But now he's going to do a stuttering John rip off.
And he's going to send Gilbert and this guy out to do the politicians.
And he's going to do an exact stuttering John rip off.
And that's it's sad.
You know, you've used an adequate day before Christmas.
And I'm under his listen until now as far as Cuban food.
Yes.
I've George taking a lot in America.
If there was a good as they used to be
and my favorite Cuban food is chitaronis.
Chitaronis?
There it's.
We just give you a big thumbs up.
Now what is that?
Deep fried pork.
Is that like tonguearonis?
Deep fried pork skin.
It is unbelievable.
Deep fried pork skin.
I mean, it killed you.
But it is fantastic.
Yeah.
It is fantastic.
No, no, they removed the smegma first before they put it in the in the batter.
And that one guy said it right.
Flam, flam looks like flam.
It is.
And the black guy that's little bow.
Let me tell you something.
They don't have room in prison for a pizza crap like that.
Yeah, I'd like to have a slice.
Let's, hey, let's stone them to death in Liberty City right at noon today.
Okay, everybody have a big parade.
We'll have a party.
They got too many guys with weed and stuff in prison.
They don't have, they have no room for a guy like that.
Let's just say goodbye to little sfo.
And in prison, they don't have toilet seats.
Okay.
Later, Neil.
Okay, look, that's little sfo.
We don't want sfo gripping it up.
Said we don't want to do nothing to her yet.
Okay, we have two open lines and not until we get up on the third floor
and we're off there together.
Then we're probably be a lot of hostility.
Although you can have some first.
You're, are you familiar with the area
by the Rathwell House anymore?
No.
Okay, because they have this casino over there.
I don't know.
How could they have a, I was curious to know they have some casino.
What do you mean they have a casino there?
There are no casinos in the floor.
Yeah, I understand that.
It says, because it has like big meal lights, that casino.
Yeah.
And I never bought it to look in what I should.
But I did see fashions in the front.
I don't know if it's like those seminal Indian gaming type things or.
Now exactly where is this?
It's by the Rathwell.
Right on the street from the Rathwell.
Oh, right.
Right on the right to the left of the Rathwell House.
Oh, that's a, that's a string of those casino.
I don't, I don't know what.
I'm sure that one of our astute illegal gamblers out here is.
Yeah, definitely.
Maybe it's maybe that was a humper knows something about it.
Also, I just wanted to concur with you about Mandage.
Yeah, that's great.
You really, this guy that could, that really pissed me off.
I mean, ordinarily, I know these callers,
they pull all kinds of crap and they try to,
create contrab controversy.
But this asshole calls Mandage yesterday,
making up stuff that I, first of all, the only guy ever
called little dog was Joe Rose's the little dog,
not Mandage, the little poodle,
the little dog, whatever you want.
Well, you know, Gaptooth, Gaptooth Jr.
But Jim Mandage is a great entertainer.
He's hysterical.
He had me laugh at me in my pants laugh at a couple of lines
he came up with yesterday.
I'll tell you, even on TV,
even he asked to ask the full sometimes,
even on that kind of like that ass,
ass, Mandage or whatever.
But I mean, like you say, the funniest,
definitely, definitely a talented guy,
definitely has a good sense of humor about him.
Well, I'll ride!
All the best fans?
Well, take it easy Neil.
Okay, pal, thanks for the good news.
Okay, he said it's a taste like flam.
Okay, if we have anybody who likes flam in this audience,
okay, your taste is in your,
Reco, it's all I want to say.
It is a taffooting it right.
It's what?
I've had bad flam.
It's something to get right.
Flam.
There's no such thing as right.
It's, believe me, in Italy.
I mean, are there any better cooks anywhere in the world
in Italy?
No.
In a very, very fine Italian restaurant in Bologna,
which is known for their outstanding cuisine.
Okay, great meal for dessert.
They had something, again, I wish the hell I knew.
Maybe if we had some real Italians out there,
there's all these different recipes.
Why?
Like, because it makes it with cream cheese,
and it's really firm,
there's all these different flam recipes.
The problem isn't the filling.
You don't understand.
It's not the filling.
It's the syrup.
It's the syrup and the,
whatever you're just syrup.
That they pour over it.
But it's, but it's, but it's jelled syrup,
and it's like, it's slimy,
and it's like snot.
You look at it and it looks really rich and delicious,
and you think it's going to be great,
and it's not.
So you don't like jello, either?
I like, uh, do I like jello?
I mean, I can handle it.
Like, when I was doing the acting,
I would think I was doing that.
No, it's not.
If they jello tonight, it's pudding.
But it's, jello isn't slimy.
Unless you blow your nose in,
what jello isn't slimy.
Put what cream on it it is.
No, no, it's not.
If you put whipped cream on it, it's delicious, right?
In fact, if you just, you know,
scoop the jello out and throw it away,
and just fill up the whole thing with whipped cream,
then it's really good.
What's wrong with that?
What is wrong with that?
In fact, I could take one of those big containers
that we're ready with.
Some of which have like virtually no carbs, by the way,
if you look at the labels carefully.
And just, I know I'm the only one in the world
grossing up to admit to doing this, huh?
Tiff it upside down, and just flip that little hose on the end, huh?
And if you do it right side up, you get a whip it.
Oh, just suck it right on the nozzle.
Never suck it right on the nozzle?
Yes.
I'll bet.
1109 at 5.
It's secret today, which is worst Gilbert,
or what's the letter they call him?
And it could I say it by...
Oh.
Add an adequate Dave, what a...
Oh, God.
And but I'm not going to interfere, okay?
Because it could be worse.
It could be...
God and Mike, wow, plow.
It could be them.
Hey, if you like this thought that I was stubborn,
stupid, yeah!
Yeah!
You tried the breath-pressioning tablets that give you...
That guy's a...
A...
Breckomed and E-Flaun.
Seriously, I mean, that's just...
You're never going to sell me on that, okay?
It's grotesque.
I'm not trying it.
And it's an indication, I mean, people who eat that
and say that they're enjoying it,
people have a really crappy taste.
But anyway, Dave County lines your wide open,
speaking of people with really bad taste,
566, 705, 60,
Palm 560, on the mobile one line.
Well, they're probably still at the big bash for the jebster,
you know?
They're...
They're wofing it up.
They're shooting the guns off up in the air
for each other.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello?
Good morning, Nail.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to...
say an open letter as a hockey fan for 30 years,
and I just need you to take it all to put a panther
to hyzenger and to Vancouver.
Please, take any four players...
Yeah, okay, let's go ahead and do it.
Send the letter.
We have an open line in the Broward and 2nd day.
566, 705, 60, Palm 560, on the mobile one line.
Did the panthers play a game last night?
No.
Anything going on with them, other than they're like 10 points
behind Carolina and 8 points behind Ottawa?
No.
Okay, just thought I'd check.
When something happens, let us know.
Okay, sir.
In the meantime, go leaf school.
All right.
Unbelievable.
Okay, we got 600 open-line.
If that even 1130, we're already like up against it.
They're out of material.
566, 705, 60, Palm 560, on the mobile one line.
No wonder Rick and putter like sending guys out
and going to Mr. Raken calls out.
Here's a Lady mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, first time caller, Neil.
Great.
The other day, I was listening to you talk about the bad service
at Windixian Public.
And I couldn't wait to call, but I can get through.
Anyway, I have a story about a bad service at Ferdin.
My husband went last week to pick up a piece of furniture
because there were going to charges like 50 bucks
to pick up a little end table.
He gets there at 830s.
This place opens up at 9 o'clock.
Soon as they open up, he gives his little receipt to the lady.
She gives it to the guy who's supposed to get it.
He's waiting 930 rolls around 945.
Where'd the guy go?
He went on break at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
You don't think that's wrong?
Meaning what?
Well, how do you know what time he started?
Maybe he started at 5 o'clock in the morning.
What do you mean?
Do I think it's wrong?
I don't know.
I don't understand.
Why don't you open up at 9 o'clock in the morning?
Yeah.
They open up at 9 o'clock.
Well, maybe they were like doing stuff.
Maybe they were doing each other or something.
I don't know.
They must have been doing each other because they didn't.
Well, they have to take a lot of breaks.
They're out of a lot of stress.
Don't you understand they'd be breaking it?
To take a furniture that's a lot of stress?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
I think at 9 o'clock in the morning if you show up,
you should get what you want.
Yeah.
And?
That's my point.
It's a story of bad services south Florida.
Well, welcome to America.
Now welcome to south Florida.
No, welcome to America.
It's other than Vegas.
It's the same area of the place.
Okay.
Anyway, the way you say Juan is Juan.
Juan?
You got to get a good lukego and Juan.
Okay, have a great thing.
Okay.
Now see what you want.
Where are we coming to your store like at 9 o'clock
in the morning to start your day?
No.
I don't think so.
I don't want to hear any more bitching on issue.
I want people to be nice like me.
We're just because I know like,
Flon, Mr.
don't start giving me a look.
Okay.
It's crap.
I could give a crap.
You don't have to take one.
It would take just like,
Flon, this isn't debatable.
It's like, it's like,
custard diarrhea is what it's like.
Glazed custard diarrhea is flon.
Oh, Jesus.
That's somebody's idea of how great dessert.
A way to cap off a great meal.
No, I order some meals.
Maybe it has something to do with the idea of it's being so gelatinous like that is a
helpful way to speed the digestion and kind of like push it through the system.
You know what I'm talking about?
I order a nice,
today's glitches or rice pudding.
Yeah.
Because one thing I've always heard about Flon.
It'll make a ****.
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60 and prompt 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So, what we got?
We got Flon.
We got Palomino horse meat and then we got, I forget what the other one was.
Oh, Arroz con pollo, which is more chicken that they choked in the front yard while
are we doing their hudu.
They know full of the stuff that you would have no idea about because you're
a big.
Here's for a lot of day.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I heard you mentioned yesterday in passing and I couldn't get back to you about
some radio station that gloves 94 thermal casting in Palm Beach.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just thought I let you know the background of that in case
somebody hasn't told you.
It used to be an oldie station.
Yeah.
And then they moved the oldie station to 105.5 and for two weeks,
and I'm not kidding you, two solid weeks, they played a promo that lasted maybe 30 seconds
with the background of hammers and nails.
They were building you a new radio station that you were going to just love.
Mm-hmm.
And then you were going to just love 94?
Exactly.
But, but they're building the station.
In other words, they're constructing it from the ground up.
And then when they finally put on gloves 94, I said, wait a minute, you know, I called them.
So how do you how are you constructing?
I know you're not building it from the ground up, but you're maybe making a new studio or something.
How are you putting this promo, this idiotic promo on for two solid weeks and then just
simulcast another radio station?
Yeah, and they said, and they said, well, well, I'll let you speak to this guy and this guy and this guy
and it was just nothing.
They said nothing.
You're missing the point.
They don't care.
Don't you understand?
They don't care.
They're not interested whether you like it or not because it's cheap.
That's the American way.
That's the clear that's the clear channel way.
They just open up a pot and they throw something on the air and they do it on 5,000 stations
at the same time and their stock keeps going up and up because they keep breaking
and the bucks even without any ratings because they own every guy at the station and every major market.
So what differences?
They make they don't care whether you like it or not.
But why do they have to go for two weeks with a hammer?
Because they're the me get why does anybody like
why when you see the infomercials on TV that they have some old fart tell you
you're going to live to be 200 if you get the guy named Juicy Machine.
You believe him?
Do you believe any of this crap?
No.
No because they're sucking you in.
That's why.
Right.
Oh, it's got to be right out.
They suck me out.
Well, don't get sucked out again and have a great day.
We have an open line in the Broward 2 and date 5 6 7 0 5 6.
He should have opened the famous Aniston Stiff a little bit.
No.
Come on.
Should I just crack?
Yeah, I'm going to open it up.
What?
I'm going to show you what real will power is all about.
OK.
In fact, I don't see your willpower.
Meaning what does that mean?
Around my way over the front of your belt.
Now I got flying cookies.
I just yeah, just oh, look at that.
Yeah, see these don't even are these like stale or something?
They've been sitting out there for a long time.
Those are fresh.
What they've been for a while.
You haven't bought them in years.
I'll bet.
Famous ain't it?
First of all, let me just tell you something.
OK.
Why why would I even pick these up if I have I've had more famous
anus than you can ever shake your flan at?
OK, Mr.
in many hotels in most hotels in this country, by the way,
in places where they have like a little mini bar that stock would like
beverages a couple of beers, a couple of sodas, and then they have candy and stuff.
All of them have famous anus.
Just this exactly same package identical that I have in my hand right now.
Those are pretty crazy.
So just because you stay in such a outstanding places in North Carolina
and with a huge Montana wherever the hell it is,
and you don't go to hotels because you're a schlepper,
and you can't afford to stay in a place where they have a mini bar
and they have famous anus,
don't assume that I haven't had no famous anus.
Hey, I stayed at the Ritz-Croat Room in Chicago.
I've seen lots of anus OK in my time.
And I'll leave it to you.
But at any rate, oh, it does smell good.
Doesn't it?
Now my convincing myself, what?
Hard and crunchy, they were dry.
No, they're not. They're great.
Now don't try to tell me that these aren't good.
I'm not eating them.
You see it is open.
Your witness, it is open.
And I actually have my nose not close to them.
I have my nose on them.
I have my nose actually touching the cookie.
Oh, really cookie, though.
Like I said, they look pretty good, but that's not.
Huh?
Yeah, I just just snotted on them to try.
And now would that discourage me from eating them?
No.
I mean, why the hell should it's my own snob?
Why should it bother me, huh?
I'm just, I'm going to see, that was a bad move opening those up.
That was a very, very unwise move on my part.
But I'm not touching them.
Okay, let's move right along.
We'll get a lot of help from the audience on this.
Right? Here's a mobile in four-loader deal.
Hello.
Hi, Nail.
Yes, we are.
Same to you.
Listen, those slot machine comment that the man had before.
Over by the last goal?
Yes, it's such a thing.
I was there Sunday afternoon.
They have about 50 slot machines.
The old facial ones and they use tokens.
You purchase tokens?
They do token, yeah.
And whatever you win, you can purchase jewelry that they have on the counter.
Oh, so it's just a scam is what you're talking about.
Of course it is.
And then they said if you want to redeem a Turkish,
you can go to one of the new cruises that they're going to have.
Yeah, there you go.
It's another one of those cruise scan deals, right?
Right.
And that's basically what they are real slot machines.
They are real, those damn places.
And they have a video poker and everything else.
So it is real?
Oh, did you say Israel?
Yes, I'm building a casino there myself.
It's going to be called the big casino.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, see you at the Raffle House.
We have date county lines wide open again.
All three of them, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
They're upset because I ripped the sports there, definitely.
And I don't really care.
I don't apologize for that.
No way.
Hey, who do you think the dolphins are going to be dressed?
I'm telling you, man, around those people up,
we got little svo taken care of.
We got him put away.
Now let's round those people up
because they're dangerous.
Those people are dangerous.
Not only to us, but to themselves.
Here's a Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know.
Okay, sir.
Talking about against these people,
these idiot, how people with like stores and stuff like that.
Without, without letting you talk about before.
Help people with sores?
No, I hope not.
Sores and stores?
Yes, sores and stores.
She said she was sore about it.
That was okay.
But you know, no, you, you got to love this one.
Okay.
My mother goes before Christmas to buy bath robes
for her mother and her daughter.
Yeah.
Okay.
So she goes and she buys them and they
buy full price form and everything.
Goes to take them back yesterday to Upton.
Okay.
They're on sale for 50% off.
But when she bought them, she bought them by one get one free.
So pretty much the same as 50%.
Yeah, sounds like it's a midway.
She goes to her time yesterday.
She got in the lady says, no, you need to bring back
both of them for me to give you back your money.
And she said, well, isn't it 50% off?
Isn't the same thing?
No, it's not the same thing.
So you know what she did?
She bought another one.
She's returned both of them.
So she's going to make money on them.
She bought another one.
You got to buy another one.
And she's going to get the other one.
What she's going to do is she's going to wait for you to get
cheaper.
Yeah.
You're going to take the receipt since she's
going to make money on up because there's
a bunch of idiots.
Great.
Excellent.
You know, I take you shove it up their butts,
you know, and stuff like that.
But they can shove it up their butt and stuff like that,
right?
Exactly.
So anyway, I'm a simple fan, you know, kind of sad,
but you know, oh well, Bobby, you know.
Life goes on, okay?
You know, there's plenty of more red next where he came from.
You know, right in the air, pal, get out of here.
We have an open line in Broward, all three in date is we're
coming to a precious cell.
Hold here, man.
We're going to have to start sending Gilbert out.
Let's take a poll on it.
You're going to start.
Yeah, I'm starting to get a Gilbert out.
Come on.
What do you think?
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
I say they've made bad up Thursday.
We'll throw it tomorrow.
Well, because they'll be bad up like that.
Little wind of the sun.
Close.
Oh, you're trying to.
Yeah, we're going to send Gilbert out and find people
for us to talk to because these colors are revolting again,
man.
They're on strike.
They had county.
All those three lines were back on his day, jagging.
And I think they're pissed off and they because I knocked plan.
Now they're all of a sudden.
No, not seriously.
They get very uptight about that.
They just don't want to admit that they're cuisine sucks.
Okay?
I mean, it could be very nice people.
And then they're not responsible for Ilyana Gross-Latin.
But nevertheless, and they don't all love jibbush.
Do they?
Do they all love jibbush?
No, just most.
But I mean, you know, don't take it out on me
because you got crappy taste.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
How's that Palamino stay doing, by the way?
I think he was in the fourth race and pumping all last night.
By the way, fat riches in the hospital is these all busted up.
What I got too many people in the hospital these days.
No, I'm canceling the hospital fat riches in the hospital.
The way I felt yesterday, I thought my doctor was going to put me in the hospital.
He looked at me and said, hey, you're fine.
I said, you know what?
You're right.
I'm not 100%.
I got a little a little flush.
11 20.
Sorry about that.
No.
Well, first of all, it's cookies.
No.
I just bought some of this.
Got back from the supermarket.
Do you have some famous anus now?
Yeah.
Now is it one of these little bags or is it like the big bag?
No, it's a big bag.
It's a little bag where we're, you know, more expensive.
And they had it on sale.
That's a good excuse, yeah.
So I'm, it was really an ask a question.
Why?
And he sold the interest in this company about 10 years ago.
He made like large moist cookies.
He had a restaurant on, or a cookie place on the sunset,
Boulevard, and like, now this wasn't the same anus
from anus and Andy, wasn't it?
No, no, no.
What do I really am?
Yeah.
And so anyway, there's no white guys anyway, yeah.
Yeah, but so the new ones, they're good.
They are good, you know, but they're, they're, they're hard
and they're small, you know.
Yeah, well, I got something like that.
Yeah.
I want it.
Oh, no.
That's terrible.
Well, it is terrible.
You're right.
Okay, but it works.
All right.
Okay.
Hey, I'm, I'm getting my car registered here in Florida.
And it's really insane the way they do it here.
And I just want to get your opinion on it.
Yeah.
Okay, you can't get a driver's license.
By the way, do you think that guy that called him
in the go should get a dog?
Absolutely not.
No.
And by the way, I met Phil Henry when I worked at a radio network
in Los Angeles.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What a guy.
Yeah, it was great.
Crazy man.
He could be called himself like Kenny Stevens or something
like that.
He didn't use this really.
When you get your car registered down here,
you can't get a driver's license until you get your car
smog or inspected.
So tell me, stick that thing in your car.
Exactly.
And then you have to go to the car.
Blackmail, they want the 10 bucks that I don't know.
They couldn't care less if you're emitting every kind of pollutant
that's ever been invented and some that nobody ever heard of.
As long as you give them the 10 bucks,
here you go.
Have a nice day.
Oh, you're absolutely right.
They don't care.
In California, what it is is they'll charge you,
you go to a gas station.
You don't go to a state inspection.
You go to one of a million gas stations that are licensed
to do smog work.
And what they do is they say, I can get your car to pass for $50, $60.
Right.
Because first time it always comes up if you failed.
So anyway, you have to go to the registration thing
and then you have to go to the tag agency.
Yeah.
This is what I need to ask you.
Because you've been in Florida for 85 minutes past the break.
What do you want?
No, just the thing is that my banks are fusing to send it to Florida
because they've never heard of that.
And I was just wondering if you knew why they have to have to pay.
Why can I use new VW-U-A-F, Miami Port Waterdale?
See, I got this, bro.
We don't have time to be bothered with others on the earth.
We have a conversation all the year.
That's much more important, by then.
What a spot's not good.
It's great.
A little bit distraction, OK?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts their bulk together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
That it has to hold it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I need to rub it off my butt.
Put the lotion in the basket.
And I've been trying to eat my skin sugar.
Put the lotion in the basket.
I still don't smell it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it poor by skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my T-B-E-It.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin sugar, and I'm, like, ready?
Now, how come the government is so busy of going after the tobacco people?
Which, by the way, is one of the reasons why Ken Starr is after Bubba?
Because he's one of the big hot shot attorneys for the tobacco people besides being her fascist
right, Winnati.
But beside that, how come there's so busy going after the tobacco people?
But the sugar people can't do no harm, baby.
And I guarantee, I said this to my doctor yesterday and he said, you are absolutely correct.
That more people that he sees and more people that every doctor in this country sees with
heart disease and with stroke and with diabetes.
And every other guy, the melody, clogging, or you're clogging of the arteries, are dying
from too much consumption of sugar, of refined carbohydrates, then we'll ever die from
smoking all of the tobacco products in the world put together and he said, that's what
he said.
That was my doctor who knows his craft, okay?
But the government doesn't care about that.
Do they care about that?
No.
No, they don't.
A bunch of phony bastards, okay?
A bunch of hypocrites is what they are.
Probably sitting up there, smoking up a storm.
Like the doctor, Dom Delewis is on the treadmill and the doctor is sitting there, puffing
on it.
See, that's the thing with the right wingers like Ken Starr.
They have decided, just arbitrarily they've decided that the public are after the wrong
faggots, okay?
Forget about those cigarettes, those cancer sticks, those are okay.
It's those homo-sexual, those are the faggots that we have to like weed out, so to speak,
as in winning doubt, weed them out.
A total of two decades left here.
All right.
You asked if anybody in talk was a Colonel.
I tried to put a deal together with Ardon Sanders back in 1965.
Yeah.
His setup serves for Kentucky fried chicken.
We came down to the papers and the last minute he changed his mind and we never put the
deal together.
But he was a hell of a gentleman.
He really was.
Yeah, I saw he's, they had a life story biography on A and E a couple of weeks ago.
Pretty interesting.
And thanks for calling.
I guess that was the end of his story.
Which wasn't pretty interesting.
Okay, we have two open lines in Broward, 56670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Any, I have you, New Year.
I'm back to you.
I got a little information for that guy that was trying to register his vehicle.
Yes.
What they make you do, and they want what you have two titles for your vehicle, and you have
to have your vehicle titled in Florida in order to register it in Florida.
So what they want is his pink slip or title from California.
And they're going to destroy it and make up a Florida title, charge him a title fee, and
then put the bank down as a lean holder and send the new title back to his bank.
So just a scam to extract a few more bucks.
Sure.
And then once he pays it off, they'll release the lean and he'll get his Florida title for his
vehicle.
Can I get a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
Jordan Woody and Memphis.
Okay.
Thank you.
And have a great day and thanks for the info.
There you go, sir.
It's another scam.
It's another rip-up, like the $10 for sticking the pipe in your back home.
Just another Florida scam.
Okay.
Two lines left on the board.
Boy, it's going to be a long day today.
I thought yesterday went by like grease lightning and I thought today was going to we're
going to grease it up again too.
But after that flonthuck, I guess they all went out to get their get their custard and
then do a little two open lines in date County 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen, my kids are down from Pennsylvania for the Christmas.
They listen to you.
I love you.
They love you.
They're doing your savings up there in PA.
I got to find out where I can get a hold of your tape so I can send them up north.
They absolutely love you.
Well you can call center one, see what they got left.
They have your lotion and a motion saying going up there and they owe and I like I said
they absolutely even wanted one once in a while.
One of those two.
Okay.
Just called 5 6 3 3600 and I'll tell you whatever they got left.
Okay.
You have a great show, but okay.
Thanks.
Bye.
There you go.
We got them.
Do it all kinds of weird stuff up in the Pennsylvania, which is the way we like it.
We have an open line today to and Howard.
The lady mobile in adventurer.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, man.
This is Anna.
How are you?
Great.
Listen, I want to ask you a famous Anna suicide.
No, I don't want you to do that.
God damn audience, man.
These people are so hard to get.
How does anybody make it in this town?
That's what I like to know.
How does anybody including me make it in this town?
God are these people tough.
Well, you know, I'm a new listener.
So, Lisa got someone to.
Well, thank God for you, sweetheart.
You're the only barrier between me and a definite sugar death.
Well, listen, I have a question, a specific question about that basket in the lotion and the basket.
Basket in the lotion, yeah.
Right.
What happened?
That's just the kind of lotion you're basking.
The Buffalo Phil thumb.
George is explaining you, but I don't understand the correlation.
I guess he said that I had to see the movie, but could you play it one more time just so I
can really like pay a cent into it.
And while we're at it, it's not playing one.
What?
You mean the whole bit?
It works the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
It's all coming back to me.
I think I'd blocked it out because it was very disturbing.
It's a scene that was very disturbing.
Anyway.
And also, you know that Buffalo Phil song that they sing on the Mayan dolphins song?
Well, that would be a good one to play too, I think.
I played it yesterday.
I just got through playing it.
Yes, today, but maybe, I don't know.
And I played it for like two days before the ball.
Have a nice day, sweetheart.
I'm thinking because of the Buffalo Phil thumb, you're going to play now.
Could you play at least the other Buffalo Phil?
No.
What, can I play one?
The Buffalo lotion basket.
Yes, I will play that, but the song, the bill song, no chance.
Have a nice year.
Get out of here.
Boy, oh boy, see what I mean?
I don't want to request.
I want conversation.
I want to discuss.
I'm going back to the cookies again.
Okay.
That wasn't what I was looking for.
There's a bunch of people just to fill up the line.
She doesn't want to talk to me.
She just wants.
She wants.
If I had free tickets, she would want that too.
She wants me to play this.
She wants me to play that.
She wants me to play.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
About 400 times that God then bills the thing again.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
Exactly.
I just got through playing it like five seconds ago.
These people are so one dimensional.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I would see if you allow the lunatics to run into a silent,
it's like the guys that do the sports shows on this
some marginal radio station that let all these gamblers call in
and ruin their shows.
It's called the tail and that's the wag the dog syndrome.
They kept talking about where we were bopping on the bomb
and those laundry heads over there.
It's the wag the tail syndrome, man.
What is it?
Wag the wag your ass dog syndrome.
Letting the inmates run the asylum.
If I did that, all we'd hear that fit
and we did a bridge tender 20 times today.
And then we could say, okay, goodbye.
Go home.
And not a bad idea.
God damn bridge tender, I think you ought to be.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, we'll talk about the flow.
I went to a major fast food restaurant
and stand there waiting on my big Mac.
And the guy gave me change.
He gave me back a Canadian quarter.
And normally I wouldn't say anything.
Now, man, it's worth about, let's see.
And I worked too much.
Right.
So he came back and he's waiting on the sandwich.
I said, excuse me.
Can I get another quarter?
He goes, we don't take those.
I said, you just gave it to me.
He goes, I have to get a supervisor.
So the supervisor came over and she goes, what's the problem?
He goes, well, he wants a quarterback for this.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And he goes, and they look at each other and then she goes,
okay, give him a quarter.
How about that two pack from Tennessee, whatever his name is?
To Maurice.
Yep.
Okay.
And don't take any wooden nickels, okay, either.
Yeah, that Canadian change.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
What's the lotion in the basket?
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
You want to call me back?
Yeah.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin shouldn't, nipple necklace.
You know, it puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to put the lotion in the basket?
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in a time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Okay.
Am I okay at this point?
No.
No, I can't handle it.
Okay, 1231 at 560 WKM.
Somebody in date, hung up God damn it.
Here we go, cookie time.
First, seriously, you have to scare these people.
You have to blackmail them.
You have to threaten them.
You have to browbeat them.
I mean, this is just one hell of a place, man.
Firstly, after you find the first 50 people who can speak English here.
Here's Carl Spings.
Hello.
Don't do it, Neil.
Okay.
I haven't even touched them.
I don't do it.
You know what I'm going to do with fish food.
Yeah, you're right.
This stuff isn't worth doing it.
Cookies aren't worth it.
Ice cream, if they're always religion based on ice cream,
I would be there like this.
But I'm in withdrawal from that at the moment.
For some reason, I've got a temporary control over my fish food craving.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
For many a day there, I was stopping at my mobile station like every day
and getting a fish stick on a way home.
Just to hide me over.
I haven't found those loose like that.
You know, I have found it in the pines.
I can't find it in the fish stick.
Why didn't you have those loose there?
I've got the mobile stations.
I'm in the ETT.
Yeah, they're in every mobile station in South Florida.
It's got the fish sticks yet.
They're not in the regular pines.
They're in like they have a separate freezer where they have like all the ice cream.
I can't find it in the past.
Yeah.
Mobile stations?
Every mobile station, I stop and it's got a mobile on Flamingo right by 5.95.
They got them all the time, guaranteed.
I'm going to have to hit one of those.
Yeah.
Now, do you stop?
And also, public has got them in the, where they have all the ice cream stuff.
You have to look hard because it's in the middle of all the crap there, but they're in there.
Well, it's probably next to the S-Cargo.
Yeah, right next to the oysters and clams.
Right.
You know, that's what I call it, S-Cargo, because no one would eat snails.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I can't even imagine trying it.
Maybe it's good.
Maybe it's delicious.
I don't know.
I'll let somebody else find out.
Do yourself a favor now.
Do not take those cookies in your car on the way home.
No, I won't.
Because if you have to be in that traffic on 441.
No, I don't go on the traffic on 441.
I just right over here to the turnpike.
I get, you think I'm going to go on his traffic on 441 North a year?
Do you head south to the turnpike again?
Well, yeah.
We're right on the corner of Ives Derry and 441.
Okay.
So I was over there on business yesterday and I had a guy went up the county line road.
No.
Wow.
Don't ever do that until they get the construction finished in about 12 years.
I would have done it in my car.
I would have put it in my mouth.
Exactly.
You can't get there from here.
What you've got to do is you've got to make a go south just to 199th, the Honey Hill Road,
and go by Chuck's sub place and stop for a sub.
And then you go out past the P.D. Park where I did the stadium there.
Like when you're leaving the envelope.
And then you have to jump on the turnpike.
Right.
Beautiful.
And you'll see my good friend Sylvia there with the red here in the long red fingernail.
And now don't eat the cookies.
I appreciate your help on the traffic.
Don't eat the cookies.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
God bless you.
See, there's a guy that sounded like he cared.
He said, don't do it.
You're a young man.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
We have an open line.
And of course the irony of that is is William Holden died with a bottle in his hand.
Boy, he was a great actor.
You know, William Holden.
And also coming to fight out.
I saw a movie with him from in the 40s.
I remember talking to my mother about this couple years ago.
I saw an old, old movie.
You know, a real, old ancient black in my movie.
He was a real good looking guy when he was young.
Bill Holden.
Did you ever see when he was young?
Yes.
I mean, I can tell you what right away.
Yeah, he was a really very good looking man.
Bill Holden.
Great act.
Sunset strip.
Wasn't that him?
Could be.
That was in the 50s.
That was 54 or something like 56.
He was a young man and then.
Or just asking.
How old do you think he was in network?
70s.
Really?
No, not 70.
60.
Early 60, 63, 64.
And guess what?
He is dead.
That's right.
They find him with a bottle bill holding.
But you know something.
I can understand all those movie stars.
I never used to be able to understand with a fame and a celebrity and all their money.
They can't go.
They can't even go take a leak in a public toilet without the.
Oh, Mr. Holden, I'm going to.
You know, after a while you just become so neurotic.
I can now understand it.
After that tremendous success we had on.
On Wami, you know.
You can't even take a leak.
You can't even go.
You can't even go into God damn ice cream section and get yourself a little thing of fish
food without people.
Oh, hey, me.
I love your shot.
Hey, you ass.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I'll tell you how bad it's gotten since that TV show.
I was sitting on the toilet seat this morning and a little voice came up from the from the bottom.
It said you are the most unbelievable asshole I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah, from way down inside the toilet.
Of course, they were looking at my back bone at the time.
But at any rate.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I always appreciate when you bring up the evil of sugar because I'm a hyperlipic.
Yeah, your hyperlipic.
How low does your blood sugar go before you go into a neurocomastate?
You know, I'm really not aware of the numbers because I was.
I was.
I was.
I was totally unaware of it until I was in a service in a medical officer gave me eight hours glucose tolerance test.
Yes.
And before then my life was like a roller coaster.
My.
Up and down.
Up and down.
Lots of energy.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was.
When I was young, kind of.
And I worked.
I didn't go out to become a matchmaker.
You have three things in that box.
like a drug
uh... record by taking up and down at the same time i had a lot of that i have said
you're a sure you are the most intelligent call i've ever had in my life bar none
i've been saying for at least five years now on the year and they've never
got a response
sugar is the most addictive the strongest drug it more than heroin more than
anything on the face of the earth in these people all i get
and you want to know why they like because they don't want to believe because
they like it because it tastes so god damn right they don't want to hear the
god damn truth because they can't handle it because we're addicted to it and
you know what it does it changes your personal you know it calls deep
psychological instability right
look at me look at me i'm a madman i'm a lunatic and you want to know why
too much god damn sugar man the only remedy is to keep away from you keep it
i think these cookies
mass in the smithereens thanks to you how do you like that i just
massed them up in a little bit course i can look up now but i want
and right in the old trash can how do you like that
you know and and my life revolves around eating vegetables
and and uh... brown around with a few vegetables all right
no no that kind of a whole week like i like the can vegetables to a very good
for you
but these things i found really stabilized the budget and there and a weird part
about the two-stage effect there's a media effect and there's a long-term
data data effect right sure that you don't realize that's right and your head
will clear you know you say hey
uh... i hope my doctors listen to this by the way who ballooned back up again
just like i did is getting real chunky after i got him lose all that weight on
the icons that i hope i go to conduct a mark was a great guys listen right now
because he started to balloon back up again and it's not worth it
and you think a lot of people they get off the sugar nisly and then they have
okay now to go back home and realize the effect or like
just like a no to sugar that's right just a
you know it's just like if you got really really drunk for seven or eight days
straight
we take you four or five days to straighten your brain out at the word you
but they'll hold in look what happened to him that's right and sure that the
same thing well god bless you sir you just think you just spurred me on a
destroying famous anus you know one more thing i have a lot of things outside
the home but anyway i haven't called you long time but i give you a key to
clue enough sports
okay okay
okay that must be the guy from ear marzette who that is whatever is name it
good guy though he's see he finally enough of the sports we're not talking sports
that's what he meant
down with a guy damn sports crap okay we got twenty hours of the rest of the day
you think the office can really be done but you think that was good about oh
jesus come up with something new and different okay
come up with something new and different like if the browns are gonna be good
whatever they start playing again
you think our modell is really the kind of asshole that he portrays himself to
be yes oh god
all those Hitler comments yes we have an open line in broder at five six seven
oh five sixty pound five six you know i can't threaten i got the well i got the
i got the elution in my basket how do you like that
yeah right there i got the famous anus in the basket
hmm there's still plenty of there when you crumble them up it's really easy to
like just uh gum them i'm getting close to that age all the way do we have all
of my own teeth even my mother do you realize you've got all our own teeth
very good she's 117 years old she still has all of her own real teeth
nice going ma
twenty before one chronic i hope i hope that little boat comes over to your house
knocking on the door for a little boat peep about three o'clock in the morning
okay kind of like shake you up a little bit
five six seven oh five sixty and five five six the on the AT&T wireless line
here's mommy lake hello hey Neil how are you okay
i have to give you the other aunt that fell off the zero
we need an exterminator in here one you know something i'll tell you what i'll pay for an
exterminator if i have to pay myself i'll pay for an exterminator coming here and spray this place
if Greg read his two-garden cheat to keep this place sanitary we don't want this place to be
a bugget-fested toilet like over insurance three go ahead sir
yes how you doing Neil okay i want to come in yesterday on a gentleman who called
about uh the hockey game that he takes a table tall call somebody else to okay because you're chronic
don't you recognize that voice chronic open line and brow at all three and day five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T this is uh i i just give up i throw my arms up in the
year i'm going to reach in a waist back and laugh the crumbs out of there i'm just going to lick
the crumbs right out of the bottom of the basket i'm going to stick my tongue and make a motion in
the basket like that that kind of a motion any interest here today five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line i'm starting to get my sinuses acted up again
it's this audience it's my s outflow to allergies that's what it is doctor mark should know
that as soon as i walked in the door she just said yeah you look okay right now but that's because
you're out of that building or maybe it's the bugs here's royal pombi chilla hi uh uh uh
whatever your name is yeah i wish George happy new year and i wish you uh we'll
click about that the uh dogs uh the gray hounds yeah i'm pairing pombi chilla not getting a thousand calls
about that don't we have any goddamn animal lovers in this audience what a bunch of dead heads in
his town no wonder this stuff goes on in this state because everybody's busy with their own god damn
crap yeah it's a little shame but they come around you know what a bunch of lagers and slaggers and
we got in this place they bring the dogs around and uh they're like it's like they eat those
ninth rates and they bring them around they have to bring your kids or whatever they're right and
they bring the dog around you and you can and they bring the paperwork you actually uh you know
sign up to adopt these dogs they do it right there at the draw it's not how many people can
adopt the dogs that's the problem they reproduce them like rabbits they turn them out like a puppy
factory is what they are don't you understand what you hear all fixed in their shots and all that
you know they're what they're all they're all been taken care of but i'm talking about the ones
that they guess oh yeah they're real shame thousands listen they make their money and they
dispose of them that's what they do well isn't that lovely isn't that a wonderful industry huh can
I mention something else yes sir uh but that's real shame and hopefully more people are taking
time it's not a real shame it's a scandal it is a scandal it's a disaster and the people in this
state are so goddamn oblivious to pain to suffering to anything they're like in La La land
they're just standing out there sniffing the goddamn my air to see if there's anything in it
you know we uh another note on the on the sugar there where they read average 120 pounds of sugar
annually that's right and uh it causes tooth decay or beef because it's too high for she wants
to enter a seating school and all that because we took her off the colors the aditives and uh right
and the sugar like that i mean you see that the change you would not believe the change
i would not only take the colors off those kids and her attitude changes immediately they become
total different to breed it's amazing you know yeah it is totally amazing and i'll go around a
public style and and i and i still get to finish who because it's basically your natural and stuff
like that he wasn't me by that well i mean i love for people to eat betan juries it's one of our
fine sponsors but please please don't tell me because it's natural what does that mean well
it's loaded with sugar it's like injecting sugar in your veins right but i try to stay away from all
the chemicals and all that other i mean i try i mean the sugar is a promise to me i grew up in sugar
let me tell you i'm a i'm a bad guy on the way home listen on the way home here yeah my home and
what's palm not the whole palm yeah i thought the publisher you're talking about the famous
famous aniseya and i ate i just bought a 12 ounce bag for one ninety nine there so what are you
talking about me dammit whose i listening to you and i got friggin hungry so i'll never do it again
will you not do that again i promise i promise i'll throw them out my canal in the back do it okay
okay kill it quick yeah i cause i gotta go now i promise with famous anise
okay yeah um anyway i like anise yeah anyway uh and go ahead come on come on come on come on
many people have wanted to talk to me in the back it put some lotion in there but get out of here okay
why don't you quit while i was ahead okay just go feed the frogs okay this guy's give me a big
lecture about his kids and since he took the color out of them they it pails into one significant
and whatever i want to say it all makes a lot of sense and then he goes on and goes off the
deep and because we're weak because we're addicted to it why don't you admit it you crazy people
out there why don't at least i admit it i'm weak i'm a fat slob i'm addicted to this crap
i'm absolutely totally addicted to it and the goddamn government that's so worried about the
tobacco and the kids in the meantime there's more kids that you're killing out there all your little
kids i'll guarantee you those little kids that they're holding up in the air shaking them like
they're god damn uh uh uh maraca at the hockey games i guarantee you those kids are so hopped up on
sugar they don't know they're asked from their record how do you like that as if there's a difference okay
because that's what america's doing to their youth is they're killing them with god damn sugar
everything that you're sticking them out and then of course they they take the kids in the store
and not only are they running the show with the sporting events and the dictating the kind of
behavior that's going to go on they're dictating what mommy's going to buy in the supermarket
i want this mommy you know instead of wham you know right in the face and set them flying to the
moon like Jackie gleezen would say i'll buy what's good for you okay and you'll keep your god damn
mouth shut junior or you'll be in a goddamn pizza oven so fast you will no ponytail from your rectum
that's right that's that's the way to do with it oh no we don't want to do that you never strike
your kid no don't ever discipline your kids okay just keep threatening to discipline and never do
it so that you really have a lot of credibility yeah right just smack a little you know i'm not
talking about abusing your children i'm talking about when the time comes you show them who's
running a goddamn ship instead of being let around by the nose because it's a lot easier and more
convenient that way because we have a lot of weak people out there reproducing anybody can reproduce
okay does it take any great talent to make babies no no takes no talent whatsoever to be reproduced
to take any intelligence to make babies like a whole bunch of like maybe a litter no
but to raise them responsibly and we keep shake our it's you and don't understand what is it going on
letting a bunch of little kids again it's the wag the dog thing again all over again
the tail is wagging the goddamn dog and the kids are wagging the goddamn parents asses how do
you like that do you like it no i don't pain in the ass little brats here's a mobile in west palm
beach hello absolutely correct i'm so moving correct i agree on the money
and the oldest is policy boy how's it working out great excellent thank you so much man i i'm
tiny i have been doing such healthy numbers on that seat it must be the seat
off gum gum happy to know you just the right elevation you know you gotta hey i had a question
for you can ask it's just the right vibration if the seat is the right elevation that's what jesse
all right if the fits that must okay yeah if it fits you take it yeah something around with fits
around i'm with you hey um you were right on the money with a rick and sud story if you heard
anything about uh up here a little bit north on queer channel with the row in no she
insinuated something yesterday about uh may not be around in a couple months
oh you oh you i got it well i can't i can't tell i'm a part of the more you may not be around
in a couple of months well what's the big deal with that no she didn't come out and say but uh
i called him after screener he was this like i you know we don't know what's going on
ah yeah yeah as soon as they show like that then you know that they are we we we we right yeah
hey um what kind of one you never hear a true say i like the we we she would never say that
i figured you would hear a first of something that's happened i haven't heard you have uh see we
don't really uh care that much about what i hate to break the news to you but with all do we
expect you know that market will appear with the ship just want to set you up yeah okay have a great day pal
i'm saying the only thing i can do is queer son uh queer square dance queer square dance
well the gay square dance we're not saying queer now for crying out loud
band square dance all right hey okay see a lot of stuff good night have a nice one
here's the guy to burn my turrets love your seat
run along to the gay square dance got a great big zipper in the back of my pants
get off my horse at the old barn door got my saddle burned around i'm arriving on the horn
look at the side folks are dancing all around there goes johnny and his mother's not
now all the man left and all the man right all the man needs his appeal to bat
give your partner a silly a smirk all doing hands for a big circle jerk
column here's all raise your hand who's gonna be the next pivot man
invite your partner home for a drink lick your lips and give in the weight with a great big smile
and a great big knock let him know your gerbil deep cloud
pro 56 at five sixty wqm the nazi dax up 29 points Rick and the doug is uh
hot you they saw come on you jackasses there on cnn where's my seat searching for signal
is it raining outside how the hell can that be wait a minute one moment please 275 oh there it is
wow that was up 95 point and the nazi dax up 29 which is like almost 150 points all right
there you go that'll give Rick a lot to talk about tomorrow okay we haven't any answers
on our poll question yet do we want Rick to keep talking about the start market
now that i want to interfere with their show but since i'm a promoter now no we don't want to hear
anymore about that no no no stop no stop no stop no
by the way if your hair is falling out and clumps i'm sure you'd like that to stop too right here
now if you want to do something about to call our good friend charlie alphiri because he's been helping
out guys shlipers like you millionaires people in between for over 25 years now and nobody anywhere
in the world makes a better looking more natural system which is why even the guys with the
biggest bucks in the universe go to charles alphiri because it looks so great it looks so real
and now he's even improved his natural hairline system he's created a lighter more durable
completely natural looking system even when your hair is wet nobody in the universe will you
be able to tell it's not the real thing and now if we're limited time call charles alphiri
mentioned in the orange you show they'll have a big smile on their push because they love me and
we love them and charles will give you a two hundred dollar discount on the purchase of that new
hair system so forget about that sunny rosin bird look and that way in high pingo look and god
forbid that bob ison bird look god that dead rat on your head look forget about that and call our
good friend charles alphiri start looking like a munch you're going to start talking to the
points I rest my case okay I mean I'm laying it out there for the audience the future of
AM radio in this market is right in my the palm of my hand okay along with the accrumis from the
famous aina's cookies which I did not eat and chew in a waste basket I as soon as that guy called in
I smashed those things to smithereens just like god damn hercules with the limperist I just smashed them
and heave them in a waste basket and then George started talking about that flon and I he
is actually kind of like a mic disney routine we have an open line in date five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a call in four mires hello hello
yes sir great uh slainy all I have a call up make comment about the gray hounds of carnage with the
gray hounds yes just so a bunch of knuckleheads can go and bet on dogs it's uh it does really
it in sites me to be quite honest with you know well nobody over here seems to give a
crap about it let me ask you though how the hell can this go on how can the slaughter of these
defenseless little animals we got all these people I mean least human beings have got some control
allegedly over what they're doing so all these fetus huggers out there that are organized and
shooting doctors about it but in the meantime dogs that are just you know you're manipulated and
used like you said for fun and profit by human beings we just gas them like there were so much yesterday's
garbage well feds are very well fed I take it a step further uh Neil what about what about the
thoroughbred industry and their genetic manipulation of uh of the breeding well genetic man and now
you're nitpicking I'm talking about I'm talking about slurry they don't they don't first of all horses
don't reproduce like in liters okay well that's a good point but Neil no it's an accurate
good you're a strong man how many times have you seen a horse break down with a broken leg
well sir how many times have you seen a water breakdown and uh you know how many times you see a
basketball player die in a court go back to where you came from okay that's probably the Columbian guy
he wants to what he wants to do is gas the Columbians and save the Greyhounds
which maybe he's got a okay we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on a mobile one line I mean I'm there we live in a kind of a purest world I'm not
looking for perfection sir I'm looking for a little bit of sanity here we don't have any god damn
dog and by the way the guy that called me for that jackass about two hours ago you know what this guy
reminds me of oh you need a lung going to Vegas can you recommend a good restaurant can you recommend a
good public restroom out there can you tell me what kind of toilet paper I should wipe my
record when I go out there to Vegas I mean you talk about helpless and hopeless the land of the
lost yeah we're gonna should we go to what should I recommend him an outstanding uh what was he
talking about a like a uh a place where they have stray dogs I think kennel duck your kennel
no not a kennel a uh a public where you go into like the pound shelter a shelter god damn it
is there an outstanding shelter well let's see here's a shelter that's rated very highly
and this guy's gonna get a dog I say stick him in the cage and let a dog out let's swap one
animal in a shelter for one asshole like him wouldn't that be great then we could go throw him a
bone yeah here you go get down all four is fine oh yeah we'll change their names to doggy names
well named the well named the dog Charlie will name him phyto okay or maybe he's just he's an
asshole two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty yeah what kind of dog should I get
how about a one with a tail and an ass how does that sound for his start and four legs and a nose
and maybe a couple of ears Jesus Christ almighty how about a miniature pincher sounds perfect for you pal
right up your alley god you deserve each other like a match made in heaven here's a lady in
for the for lottery hello hi there I wanted to call about the Greyhound comment your
answer what's wrong with these people for Christ say these phones should be smoking here without
rage have these people care about human life canine life any god damn life except their own damn life
if they have one that's that's a bit true a lot of people they're they're just not aware of how the
Greyhound they're mistreated and all they need to do is to be made aware and then they need to know
what to do after they are made aware which is never go to a racetrack never support those
places they are actually going out of business on their own there are a lot less than there were
before the Greyhounds yeah and they what they've have to do now that has that has that has
absolutely nothing to do with what's going on with the dogs that that's because they're there's
too much competition for the dollar and the permageals have failed to attract younger people and as a
result either going out of business like crazy you're right the only thing that people have worked
like so opening the simul casting for that they all be closed right now every one of them but if we
if we can reach just three or so the people that perhaps go for the simul cast as well to just
completely boycott the Greyhound races altogether I'm not looking to start boy counting Greyhound races
I'm trying to get some people to intervene and do something about the breeding that goes on in
the destruction of all these god damn puppies there is there yeah there actually is an organization
I know I we've talked about it a hundred times over the years but nobody gives a crap in his crowd
they don't care well there is an organization called holly dogs who actually they adopt out Greyhound
yeah they've rescued did that to an ode yeah that's right they do they send them to mandatoba no
actually there it's in Florida so far yeah they don't talk as funny as I do and they do good work
so if anyone would like to adopt a dog they can always contact contact holly dogs holly dogs
that's what they're called holly dogs yeah they're actually in hollywood okay well I would think
they weren't Arcadia if it's holly dog well that's a solid point that out I want to say I enjoy
your show and I am glad that you are in sense because just I'm gonna tell you something any person
that doesn't love dogs is a piece of crap I'll tell you that right now that's not my opinion that's
a fact any person that doesn't appreciate and love dogs is a person that shouldn't be breathing
and wasting the fresh air right now a lot of people actually they just are not aware of the suffering
that goes on right and on thinking thing because people aren't cruel on purpose they just need to be
made aware of how the animals are treated what do they mean they're not cruel on purpose the people
that are doing all of this no I mean the people that are supporting it well the way that's got to
be stopped absolutely I agree with you whole heartedly okay thanks a lot sweet thank you see
there's a lady that cares there's one is anybody else out there give a crap do anything about this
of course not they're too busy worried about stopping for God damn famous anus and publics on
a way home because they're such weaklings thank God for strong people like me what are you
looking I threw it in a way Spass good I had it I was nodding I was throwing it I said here I had
the bag open okay I have it here and for once in my life I'm not saying very often maybe because I
had that soup so thank God again thanks Brad over there at Tony's forgive me to have an astronomy
and I'm not only that but what's actually better see the point is what's the point what's the point
sitting here and preaching and pontificating because these people it's like trying to get a response
out of a goddamn rock it's like going out and getting drunk it's like when you're in college and
you drink 25 gallons of beer okay and at the time yeah you're feeling no pain and you wake up in
the morning and while you're doing it you know that the next morning you're gonna wake up in a
sea of puke and you're gonna have a bad headache and a hangover and you're gonna feel like death
boiled over for hours or maybe even a whole day or two and you still do it and like me when
you're diabetic and you know you go to the store and you pick up your pint of fish food and you go
home and you put it in the microwave for 37 seconds and you sit there and you just shovel it down
your post and oh God it tastes good and you have that temporary euphoria and then your blood
should go skyrocketing up and you can barely move like you're all your body like you're frozen
like a clock at the macarena like you're suspended in time and space
even though ahead of time and the only reason you do it is because you're addicted to it
you're hooked on it
open line and brow are two and eight five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line preaching to the uh I'm preaching the message out there they don't want to hear
because they like it mmm it's good we want to hear you talk about food again come on more about
that banana split about the arrepa about that flan with that slimy sugar coated crap on the bottom
hey if you're 15 to five sixty so how that uh 13 year old kid that turned out it was Bill Cosby's
good not Baba is that the deal I mean it's uh you know where the hell does it stop already
what are we going to do about that uh that jackass on the internet what's all his name again the uh
the jackass report
trudge oh the oh I can see I've tried to block it out of my mind the other drug report
I mean enough is enough already okay stick the cigar in your back bone at baby and your
back pocket and cut the crap already anyway here's my test results from yesterday most of them from
dr mark still alive no symptoms of inflammation no infection no this no that but a beep but a
boop but a mild setter and so on what about that cholesterol and the oh wow a little bit high 214
wanted under 200 only 214 not that great LDL 140 H should be under 130 HDL 42 but it should be
a lot higher than that like all the way up to 150 not that great blood glucose 118 not bad not too bad
anything else on it really significant now let's see a potassium what is that everything looks
open and it is a mess okay thank you very much what does that say ragging me on the air again
no I was did I rag on him on the air do you see this note what did I just get through say what I
think he's talking about being fat well that's not ragging on you that's trying to save your life
like I did a couple of years ago when I inspired you to get back on the atkins four or five years ago
and you lost all that weight and you looked so great yesterday you admittedly we're pudgy again
dr mark and you were a great guy and a tremendous doctor and a superhuman being and I don't want you
to croak on me until I'm ready to go out of town and after that well no he's a good guy oh here's
what's all this other stuff how about that white count want to see that white blood cell count where is it
where the hell is it on here already doc or here it is 9.1 that's normal so if I had like some
raging infection if my body was fighting I want to say I got a little tiny touch of the intestinal
something here and already I'm starting to get a hypokondriac attitude again like I was when I
had that pill doctor that is really pill doctor syndrome he was a real beauty oh you got a cold
let's take an EKG what you got to hang nail EKG just happens to be a cardiologist by the way
oh here's a call in the grove no less hello hey what's up Neil I'm a couple of things first of all
I think one of the reasons you get a lot of chronic this is one of the first couple of times I've
caused it's like I've been on hold for like 20 minutes fortunately I had a long run for 18 minutes
and 28 seconds all right so fortunately I had a long drive some Hollywood to cook it and grove
but that's why you get a lot of chronic because unless you're in the car and don't be able to
I think that most of the most of the people in this town are got a life no they got nothing else going
out well anyway the color reasons I called one that last late kind of stole my thunder my parents
actually adopted some holly's dogs they're great dogs right and they really they really do they
they have problems sitting down you have the fundamental foam things so they can lie down on them you
know because they can't lie down on tile but other than that they really are they can't lie down
on tile yeah if they're they're very they can't sit down they have to like it's very hard for them
like when they're on tile you know they're not in a slump and slide it's not a decent slide this is
the way they're constructed or perhaps because they've been racing their whole lives I don't know exactly
why but you need to buy them a little foam rubber thing if they can flee so they can hang their
rectum on it yeah I guess so um a lot of the most of our audience you got a foam rubber thing that
they've been sitting on so another thing also is that I was I was looking for about 10 minutes before
and I still haven't figured out your points on sugar because even though sugar may cause a lot of
problems it's not the same as smoking which sends people while you're doing it I mean as you eat a
lot of sugar and you want to go crazy that's your own prerogative but if you want to smoke you know
in a public place and and somebody else you have to get cancer so that's that's the reason why there's
so much concern over here but the big to do with the tobacco industry isn't just about smoking in
a public place it's about you know encouraging teenagers to smoke and about two in the tobacco
companies and like this is the most evil thing that came down the pike and I'm not suggesting that
smoking cigarettes is good for you'd have to be an idiot to say that of course it causes cancer
and kills people but I personally don't believe there's any comparison between the amount of illness
and the number of deaths with with the tobacco between your cheek and gum and that's and the truth
is the guard is a nice hole in there you know really that figure the concern either because people
don't smoke it or people don't inhale cigars number one and number two unless they're an idiot they
don't change smoke them like they do cigarettes so it's a different ball game right so the point is
I think the cigarettes have been attacked because not only is it cancerous so that's a great thing to
you know to jump on to but it also annoys people yeah but those two combination let me ask you
something aren't you annoyed when you see a big a bunch of big fat tummy people walking like it
is shopping mall I'm not talking like me you know I'm talking big fat three four hundred pound people
isn't that annoying is that not he is not it is not has you well maybe it's hazardous your mental
it's a fed it is a federally this breathing
well okay I try to have all my friends in a grove okay all right it won't take long okay we have
an open line in the day five six seven oh five sixty they hit me in the grove I really haven't
figured out why probably they're hanging out at Jack Campbell's house you know doing all those
body builders yes so I'm looking at my blood test results here and they look okay nice
going there doctor mark and I was not ragging on you one here I talked to everybody about what a
great doctor you are a man I'll tell you you got a good doctor you hang on to him for
like you know what I'm saying real strong don't let him go don't let him get away
because finding a good doctor especially in this town where you have all these quacks that
prey on old people on desperate stupid old people that's what Florida's all about it's about quacks
that prey on the desperate the old the stupid the superstitious the illegal aliens combination of all
of you above anybody want to buy a copper bracelet here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil how
about some magnets for your feet yes sir hey I wanted to call just thank you very much for
talking about the flight of these greyhounds one of the things that I recently learned and my wife
and I have tried to do our best is that talk your en gamble in Kimberly Clark torture millions of
dogs and cats every year just to test their products yeah every time you brush your teeth with
craft every time you wipe your right when you brush your teeth across yeah with crust yeah I've got
to wipe your butt with sharn and every time you blow your nose with clean act every time you wash
your clothes yeah every time you wash your rectum with clean acts yeah basically your supporting
companies that are torturing animals really and because they're doing because they're doing animal
research they think they're saying they test their products on animals yeah good okay well that's
more important so I'm not talking about that see I knew if I brought this up now I don't agree
with him okay animal research it depends on what we're talking about but I it gets off of
the what tangent now we're going to get all the tree huggers in the animal the hysterical people
and oh my god there you know those poor little mice and those rodents you know cut the crap with
this already I mean once you stand that that's one of the reasons that this doesn't get anywhere is
because you got the people like him that are often such a wild jag on this thing and he wants me to
jump out of bed but I like Mr. Wiffle okay if why I want to wipe my rectum it's charming I'll do it okay
in fact if they want to experiment I got a great little dog that'd be a dynamite for their experiment
oh oh god how about sticking a foot off his rectum might the changes altitude uh man just a tiny
teeny bit I'm talking about the one thing here I don't want to get into a whole dual given thing
and start chewing on tree bark okay and I don't care what anybody says I know the other guy from
the grove he's a good guy and he made a good point about the tobacco but god damn it sugar is killing
us man and nobody is talking about it your government that's so worried about the president in a few
blow jobs your government up there they doing a god damn thing about in fact take a look at them take a
look at that Gerald Nadler there from New York that congressman with a it looks like something from
a side show you know those things where you put your head through it and they they super if we put
your head that's what he looks like it looks like there's there's a phony head on a different body
that Nadler guy he's got fat in places it's illegal in most states he's lucky if they don't let him
out of New York they throw his ass in a who's go whatever that is and they're standing up there
pontificating oh did she stick it in here what kind of cigar was it was it moist was it yeah
go cares they're killing us with their sugar and the low fat lie they're killing you people by
the million and you're sucking the I love the snack wealth they're delicious yeah well why not
forget about the snack wells you want delicious go out and get a guy damn banana split okay
this bull crap about fat kills oh it's got it like that spot for Burger King about how many fewer
grams of fat it's got teeth those crappy sub sandwiches I'm not going to mention the name of the place
you know what I'm talking about have you seen those spots oh well the the whopper's got so many
grams of fat fat doesn't kill refine carbohydrates kill people okay every goddamn day dietary fat doesn't
make you fat it's a lie it's a goddamn okay so if you want to eat snack wells because they taste
good taste a lute okay go have a good time but if you want to eat them because they're low in fat
and you're not going to get in anyway you're getting fat or in bigger just like I am like a big
tub of lard with the lives of American commerce that's only interested in making a fast buck
with all their shelf life oriented chemical laden crap that they keep peddling us people
and is there anybody in congress that's got the balls to take them on no absolutely not
they're all up there to it's like a contest to see who's bigger Ted Kennedy or Gerald Natalie okay
poor Ted Kennedy he's another one he's like like a phony head on this huge enormy he doesn't he
because there's no room for a chin because his perfect comes up to his chin
26 after one in fact if he would have had that body back poor what's your name would still be
alive there Mary Jane compactly she'd still be alive because he would at least he wouldn't have
been able to even if he was drunk his head would have been straight ahead he couldn't have moved it
he would have stayed on the road there a chap aquatic if he would have been that fat back then
27 after one at five sixty double you know I mean the test results for me here all look great I
mean while I feel flushed maybe because I'm getting all worked up to a frenzy here because I'm trying to
make a little bit of god damn sense and otherwise mediocre crappy medium where people come on
here and keep reading the god damn stock numbers off the TV any asshole can do that Rick oh
no seriously why does he do that why is he what we're not that come from he never used to do that
that when they were like almost listenable he never used to do that he got some money well you know
something fine go I hope you make millions okay maybe you'll share it with me but I doubt it
I hope you make a live with you nothing but the best but we don't want to hear about it
we want to get a great card a great value then go to where you got it stop it
fourth radio five sixty q a f meal god he served the search warrant
on me which allowed them to view and photograph my body including my penis my buttocks
I'm Lord Porsa I thought in any other error but they wanted to
they were young and didn't know when I touched them bad that I couldn't make it grow
oh man this is really a bummer all I did was get myself a hummer
oh
we got now baby we got now baby these charges they are really heinous I've never seen my
colleague called kins a nis
hillarise really human but hey at least the things I bang for human
oh baby we got now baby we got now baby I had flowers there to grow
oh
hey my colleagues you drop the sun day after day the charges they grow that in eight parking
life I got the ratio just let me sleep with one more kid I promise not to repeat what I did
I'm in a deep mess but what the hey at least nobody out there things I'm gay
boy vague we got now baby we got now baby we got now baby
we got now baby we got now baby
one more please oh you dropped all the CDs why I just dropped all this crap on the floor looking
for something back there okay talk about sure to breath and fat and out of shape we're going to
whip this that's our resolution for the revolution right we're going to whip ourselves back in
to shape this here no let's just talk about let's talk about it over a nice banana split so
anyway somebody fastest me the papers here hollywood's great hot adoption and then the
Nasak 30 I don't yeah and neither does anybody else well I want to thank you for speaking the truth
and I also want to talk about food I just need to remind you that olive oil you look
on that's true and my ties in that though a couple years ago well yeah you don't listen
anyway yeah yeah yeah yeah five of the whole of it 20 minutes I gotta I gotta get a
hamster's growth in my head now the size of a great thank you to you you're welcome to my
dogs don't think you the bill okay okay okay Mark don't take care we have an open line
into our time 6705 city let's take a look more how about my creatinine and my bum huh my
you went what is that by the way what does that mean I don't know but you always see it don't
you get there have your blood tested not in years well what what kind of a stick are you anyway
you are more on my healthy spec oh yeah you're real healthy you're sick like constantly that is so
in truth it didn't know it's not untrue you're not sick as much as the other state and I think we
have to see the idea I would be on saying that by the way we got a sue there as you know I think
that we're aging much more rapidly and I think we got a sue cox broadcasting just for the hell
but just to join in Brian cox there okay everybody else two of them why not of course over here
we're busy suing somebody else but why by the way we're not discussing that on this show I just
mentioned that since it's in the papers and if we had any calls about that they've been one
you're all good because we're not discussing it but of course booze gonna be talking baseball
man you talk about a guy with the orange hair being a real delicate position
here's Naples hello hello yes sir yeah I'm just a tam about dogs man no meaning what
who cares if they get killed go greyhounds wow this is a big deal and what about you what what do you
care about I don't care about it you know that sounds like it okay well listen I hope you
have a good time you're in a perfect place we got another call in the well hello hey Neil was that
hey mister I don't know but uh it sounded like a real asshole to me
uh I just called to find out what what do we throw what what does that mean what what
mean what are we obviously you're not no one's out if you don't tell you're got a broken
early death and fine well how do you I'll do it I'll be a question I'm listening what is the
positive still great but getting up in the morning going and doing all the crap we do every day
what you know why bother keeping things going for that I saw another son in other words you're
like the last guy you don't care about dogs or yourself so I'm going to by the way here's another
one for you when he gets just sent you a present little late for Christmas just for New Year's okay
what and there you go there's two great winners back to back in Naples that's the first time in
history the show we ever had two calls from Naples we killed two turds with one bullet okay I bet
your Arlen's expected to be proud of that just saw his ugly push on there a little while ago
and see it and say that that that that that that that that that yeah he's still looking for the bullet on
that stretcher oh here's dr. mongolol you love to miss phrasier on cheers you cherished him as phrasier
on phrasier now 17 time any winning and 38 time Betty Ford residing Kelsey grammar is delving into
uncharted territory with Kelsey grammar sings very white if you don't mind my saying so I feel
that your love far exceeds that which I can get enough of or so is not to conclude by
possibly the preposition as it were oh your love I cannot get enough not since William Shatter's
Lucy in the sky with diamonds and Pat Boone's tutti fruity has there been such a torrid juxtaposition
of a Anglo oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings pardon me man
but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on oh yeah my mojo is working please
I think it is plus if you act now we'll throw in at some additional charge a free bonus track of
Mr. Grammar's stirring rendition of Isaac Hayes chat would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of
who that African American tech to views for whom many of the young Hayes have amorous feelings oh yes
you're done too mean so get Kelsey grammar sings very white he makes very white very white
oh I really got my book a rule what can now watch me work 146 and 560 WK and Dylan Holmes did says
on facts here creatine and but our kidney function test usually elevated and severe diabetic
look at that my bun is beautiful normal is 0.5 to 1.5 minus 1.1 better in the stock market numbers
Rick my creatine which means you're a Creighton if you got too high of a number normal is oh that
no I got him backwards bun normal is 9 to 27 minus 14 whites mac dab in the middle stuck in the
middle with you almost every one of these thing stuck in the middle except those cholesterol
hmm a little bit high you don't want to know why don't you well you already know why the cholesterol
is high too much that's right too much sugar baby cholesterol is even with the medication
or even with that protocol it's 214 and the LDL the bad cholesterol should be under 130 it's 148
that means better cut the crab sweetheart and the HDL which is like well I'm not gonna exercise
you better get on that guy name beautiful exercise like the George Barrier for birthday you've been on
lately well I haven't been feeling you know what I'm excited you feel like now when you have this
uh the little warm thing we never warm spot here's a hellendale hello hey hypocrite your golden
retrieves he done yeah blow it out your ass okay hypocrite your yeah blow it out you're a big big fat
rectum okay go talk to sunny Rosenberg go big give a big kiss for us okay right on his bald spot
two open lines in the day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
you wouldn't know my golden retriever from your rectum by the way he's ten times the creature that
you'll ever be here's a lady in Del Rey hello yes ma'am hi Neil I name is Carolyn and I'm with
Greenham Fitz of America yeah uh for anyone else here we do get to know we should probably
why they're there yes we do get selected you know who those people probably were they were probably
from the don't they have a dog track over there in April yes they do oh yeah yeah okay one
eight hundred oh it's one eight hundred and tractor blow yeah you were the total you were the
crew about dogs yeah right okay great well it's obvious you don't that's why we're talking about it
we have an open line and Broward to end date for a lot of deal hello hello yes sir
I mean this is Brent from uh for a lot of deal I want to see uh ask you where you got your
information on the uh the sugar and the fasting what do you mean where did I get my information
well what does that mean well I'm just asking where you got information because what information
are you talking about about about the low fat thing being a fraud what I'm saying is that no
no let me let me say let me say it again what information yeah yeah let's have a conversation see
because it's a bunch of nine sequitres you said I'd like to know where you got your information
I'm saying what information specifically what are you talking about okay well your thing sugar
is it's the worst thing it's worse than uh like fat so yeah and dietary fat absolutely and I can
die uh Dr. Bernstein that wrote the best book on diabetes I read dozens of books and they all say
the same thing and my doctor will tell you the same thing okay uh well I mean anything that I've
died Terry fat alone does not make you fat there is absolutely no way in the world that dietary fat
makes you fat well it's combined with a lot of refined carbohydrates okay uh there's in my
experience and I have you know on the African diet yeah uh and I tried also and I I didn't
play on I will I will say that I didn't play on the egg and why was that even though you read
that because you cut down the sugar because you know we eat a dietary fat like a lot of red meat
sure yeah and you still lost weight well how is that possible if you don't believe what you're
just they're got you're you're arguing with yourself but listen to me for a second um the thing is that
uh yeah I did try uh I did I that essentially caught out the fat but the sugar you could
fill eat the sugar and frankly I think I I do with these you to keep the weight off yeah uh
because like you said earlier you sort of bloomed back up things you got off the egg and say
you went back up um and it was much easier to maintain this was a low this low fat diet
obviously can't go out and eat you know it's kind of sugar but it is basically what you're
looking at is just cutting out the fat and not not the uh you know concentrating on the refined
sugar albeit I agree I think in our study in particular we weighed too much refined sugar
but I think that refined but refined carbohydrates I know this is boring as hell to the audience
refined carbohydrates pasta rice any refined carbohydrates the uh your body turns them into sugar
almost immediately and uh that's why you're fat not just sure it's self but refined carbohydrates
of what sugar is one right right sure let me ask you this let me ask you this sir the sugar
a natural product that exists in the refined form anywhere in nature as a refined form no
does it exist in nature no but it does it proves vegetables and you know a lot of things that we
get that are good for you in many other ways now make me I must have diabetic you know anything
about diabetes uh yeah my grandmother was diabetic yeah and you know anything about her um I
would say a little are you aware that fruit sugar is just equally as bad as we find sugar for
most diabetics including myself are you aware of that I that's what sugar stimulates huh I mean
you need you need sugar as well as a diabetic to maintain your you know you do not you do that
no sugar doesn't maintain you sir you know nothing you have no con what am I talking to this man
for am I some kind of an idiot some kind of an embassy here's a man while his grandmother had this
and he uh he was on a diet for a little while and he's asking me where I got my information
from reading from reading from people I've done research for reading about studies from reading about
people know what they're talking about that from just some guy that calls and gives me a son of
dancing refused to have a coherent conversation does he know anything about diabetes no you don't
need sugar sir wrong zero none nada do you need fruit wrong none
read doctor of the diabetes solution by dr. Richard Bernstein okay a man who treated his own diabetes
and became as an adult studying to become a medical doctor which he did and is probably one of the
foremost authorities in a world on diabetes and knows what he's talking about and the diet he
recommends is almost identical to the atkins diet how do you like that sir he says he has
eaten a piece of fruit in 20 years and his health is perfect and his blood sugar is perfect and he's
no longer taking medication and he's no longer got diabetes or at least his blood sugar is normal
as long as he eats the way he's eating how do you like that what a shock to you sir but you keep
eating the snack wells you keep eating the low fat you keep getting sucked in with a bowl of
crap as an excuse to keep eating all the sugar because it tastes good because we're addicted to it
I'm honest you're full of crap that's the difference I'm fat but I'm honest in fat you're just full of
crap 153 at 560 WQM feeling lucky Hollywood Seminole gaming is given away more than a billion
dollars since the open 20 years ago and you could be the next big winner Hollywood Seminole
Gaming's got all the exciting poker games that have ever been invented Omaha high low seven
card stud Texas hold them for daily sessions of ice takes bingo single winners of one as much as
$215,000 weekly poker tournaments and daily mini tournaments keep the action going all the time
play Hollywood Seminole gaming's 550 gaming machines with jackpot starting at 399 grand
or if you like it quick hard and fast baby play the fast action of lightning bingo where fortune can
be made in just seconds or the spend the win game for your chance to win spectacular prizes and cash
there's lots waiting to be won at Hollywood Seminole gaming just minutes west of i95 on a quarter
441 sterley road open every day of your life virtually 24 hours a seven days a week like I
said every day of your virtual life comes if you're parking in valley parking waiting for you to
if you're feeling lucky here be the place anytime you're in the mood it's Hollywood Seminole gaming
this is 560 QAM chef first hi sir mao
well he's a salad has he not seen who got the money from his daddy
and if I said my little brat
with an agenda that's crab me
well he's a salad has he not seen no but they're silly
well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run no one else is on a win he might as well
just move right in sick hard sick hard sick hard sick hard he has a golden spoon he was born with
up his ass so look out all you Jews get ready for the gas he's a salad has he not seen
he'll give our civil rights to whammy I see the salad has he not seen go above that belly
well he's a very wealthy dude with very fastest youth who never paid his dues my next year
well he's cruising hard sick hard sick hard sick hard any smart could win that race against buddy but
hey why do you think they call it guber victorial anyway he's a salad has he not seen oh he'll make the KKK happy
oh yeah he's a telehassy man he's full of gasoline come on let's do step come on let's go
here's a lady mobile in western hello hello yes ma'am I got a talk staff the kids are coming out of
school okay I claim the same South-South-South-Cones neighbor who must love greyhounds because
the hard-leaved compressants every day she likes his lawn uh what I wanted to help people
yeah as long as you're promoting greyhounds just want to let you know they are greyhats the day
they came home from or they come home from the kennel with you they're already house broken yeah
they don't take up much room they like one little corner to sleep in they're greyhats and if
anybody you know has the opportunity they should absolutely go out and adopt them okay they really
should oh there's my two cents thanks bye yeah but over if you're over in Naples by the way if you're
one of those dog racing people or whoever that asshole was over there in Naples you know you're not
pulling a woolly over our eyes okay you jackass you scumbag you slime ball you low life piece of
garbage from beneath the bottom of the human food chain man what a piece of scum yeah well I'll
tell you one thing four Myers once in a while we get like a living and breeding person over there
almost of the rest of our cowering in the closet and they you know if we had a voice
writer we get a lot of calls from over there if we had a phone line number one for them which
were too cheap to do and number two if we had a voice writer because most of the people listening
over there like in the closet that's right they don't want to be identified with listening to the
show because then they'll definitely go to lake of fire and burning hell and jet bushel round them
up like 80 minute now it's official baby he beat the man he beat a fewer now let's not make a big
fewer about it okay anyway Richard Bernstein diabetes solution that's the book you ought to be going
out and buying right is that what I told you to give you right the name of the book how to be
going out it's in hard cover it's an audio book stores and if you're diabetic especially like
type two because type ones are different much harder but if you type two diabetic like most of
us fat old middle age assholes you better read the goddamn book okay and this guy that's telling us
oh you got to have sugar send him out with Gilbert and dubious Dave there tomorrow whatever on
the Rick and Spud show okay dubious jackass okay Hank Goldberg's coming up next to a clock we got
the booster dubious booster with dubious baseball talk and six o'clock from Shula's six day 30
eight thirty night we got the dubious Panthers
