Just a little bit out of touch with public sentiment out there. They were bewilder. They couldn't understand it
They still can't understand it that we haven't embraced Chris Wells with all three arms and legs
That we haven't wrapped ourselves around him and just embraced him in his sandals and his Jesus look alike
Equalities and we just haven't said oh Chris God yet
They just there be wieldered they don't get it. I think don't get it is the operative term
We have two open lines any out of town lines. It's Palm Beach D a worldwide the by the way
I got all kinds of crap here today which you know
Not that I necessarily should but I have all kinds of crap
Including a great article about Paxson and Bud Fry and about how that soccer deal fell through and about how they're attempt to become the minor league sports
The Empire builders and gonna happen
Wouldn't you like to be the great mogul of minor league sports that nobody cares about like arena football and like
Indora and like soccer and
Like a HL hockey which nobody in this area cares about and will not no matter what happens and even if Wayne puts a team in Miami with a HL
Nobody cares. Even when Rochester comes go amurks. All right
We got the top 50 up party schools in sports illustrated this week
That's really the top 50 jock schools, but what's the difference?
You know the top 50 jock schools in America number one is UCLA
All right
Mark Harmon God man, he sure used to look good
I'll tell you when he was there and what happened to him once he did that 10-bundi thing
He never was the same again look like an ass murderer
Goes to show that nature can be mighty cruel ain't it?
How's Vince for a gummo doing ugly here's Hollywood. Hello uncle Nockman. Yes, sir. I want to wish you a zisny antifin a good job
Yeah, Coxelhoes. No crap. Anyway, speaking of those region. What did you crap? What I said? How you doing?
I'm doing great. Yeah
Speaking of those rejoins. I think we should drop that beanie by the way people are starting to talk it's schmutzy
Yeah, I'm a Vinnie. It's a mosaic. It's schmutzic. Uh-huh. Anyway, I think we should drop those read rejoins together with that ski guy
Yeah, I haven't heard too much of him. How's he let me let me tell you? I heard a one
No one would confuse this with a talk station, but yeah, but what makes you so damn sure six tan double dyod
Miami Ford lottery. Oh, man with us the bomb agent. What is that? It's a champ
I do the region. What? Why can't George do the region? Why can we just skip the rejoins if that's what we're gonna have on the air?
Cut that stuff is crap sounds like the 50s exactly like the 1450s anyway
I think let's have an inquisition about it. Let's throw them off the roof together with ski who after
I flipped them on after Shabbos while I was in the office. Yeah, and for hours always talking about is this article by some rabbi in the paper
Some Orthodox rabbi who's talking about Jews and sex and that we allow it and we allow
I saw that I saw it I wouldn't talk about it
I have to look so against us and this one's against us for hours
He couldn't buy a call so for hours and hours the same thing over and over again
Well, see that's that's the Walter stable format is you pick an article out some in sip it article and nobody cares about like that
Thing about the engagement ring that the Aaron K was pounding on a few nights ago hour after hour
And you just keep reading it over and over and you insist that people call and talk about it
They don't want to when they don't care and of course every what they don't understand is that while you're continuing to read it and bang away
It and everybody is turning off and gagging and puking and finding something better to do than listen to crap that they don't want to hear about
They just don't get it man
You know, I kept I kept saying months ago that these people meaning the Paxon people don't understand what this station is all about and why it's had this great success
Little did I know at that point how I mean even even me even a cynic a hard bit and cynic like me
I can't believe how little they understand what this place is all about they have no idea what we do
I'm talking about me. I'm talking about Rick and suds
I'm talking about people that used to be on the station
They haven't got a clue what we do here and why people listen to it and they think that you can you can you can formulate it like
Like putting baby formula in a bottle and you can package it and it doesn't really make a difference who the people are as long as you do the
ID's right and you give the call letters a lot these people are nuts man. They're out of their minds
I kiss the ground every and I mean this I kiss the ground every day that I had that that my norm can God bless norm
Can't even though we don't belong on the air but God bless norm can forgiving the the sanity to take a couple of extra days before I
Jumped into bed for another five years and wrote away the rest of my life for this joint because if I if I would
Assigned this thing with Paxon and been tied up here for the next five years and then be sitting here
Observing what they're doing to this place. I would blow somebody's brains out
I don't think it would be mine but somebody's I mean these people are crazy
I've got worse than my this year old kid can't control and then his clone PD that they brought in here between the two of them
They've got no more idea what this place is all about than the man in Uranus. It's it's terrifying
It's it's worse than terrifying my two year old kid can program better than these guys. God unreal
No under John Ford ain't coming around here unreal
Anyway, just to plug one of your sponsors you just spoke so highly of I was down to Kendall last week for my first service on the new
Camera yes met Frank and Mark and they treated me like like a king you mean Mark Jacobson. I met I met my god
You met the man. I met the man. He says Neil. I'm following him wherever he goes. There you go. I said you better George needs that
Camera. That's right and we're not gonna let him lose it. Okay, I
Zygazone at Neil. Yes, just one of which type of knife and Joe. I have a decent young
Good job is and to cut it out the Neil regarding your trip. Yeah, as we say in Yiddish
Gage isn't and Kim isn't okay. I love you. Gay this. Bye. Okay
We have an open line in Broward 767-463. Welcome to Utah. I'll ride
Exactly couldn't have said it better myself
We have two open lines on the green lines the Palm Beach lines the world wide lines
This this is every day. There's like another surprise here and it's not getting better either believe me. It's getting much worse
I
Mean the sound of that stuff. It's like something from the from the ancient IOD days
Which we play those old jingles as a joke as a joke
Which is what this place is rapidly becoming is an industry joke which fits right in with the packs an image by the way
One thing in life at least be consistent nice go out buddy, but be consistent baby
Let's get those numbers down into ones and judging from this last book well on the way
1027 a W. I. D. come to the park and play pomp and O Park the dining room by the way closes tomorrow night
Tonight and tomorrow night or your last two nights to have a great meal on the top of the park dining room on a sixth floor
The good news for you will be that starting next Wednesday April 30th the International buffet reopens on the fourth floor in the clubhouse
And it is sensational 1495 for all you care to eat they got salads
They got soups. They got all kinds of entrees. They got Italian goodies. They got German
They got American they got roast beef they got chef iris fabulous desserts all you can eat for 1495
It starts at 6 p.m. Nightly in post time for the first race of course 7 30 in the p.m
We got simul casting every afternoon and every night we got racing from Dover
Yonkers Hazel Park, Mocha, Octaña, freehold, Medellin's, Polk and a Windsor in the Meadows and of course great
Live racing to as in tonight 7 30 p.m. It's TGIF Friday by the way with special
Dollar hot dogs and drinks and beers etc and so on so get your ass out for a great night tonight
February so be there touting go to the bank on it
Pompano harness Atlantic and power line in Pompano beat
Pia Lour Payne
610 W I O D I'm feeling it right now. Oh my god. That is so boring
One thing that this station is not at least there well it is now
During many hours of the day, but one of the things that we try
I mean the worst offense you can do is be boring and those rejoins and IDs are so dull and so boring and so lackluster and so
idiotic
Does somebody really think that this is clever? Excuse me. Excuse me, Walter
Of course it's clever. It's like it's something there's something there
There were just two stupid to understand George. We just don't get it
We just we just can't relate to the blandness
Wonderful aisle of dementia
610 W I O D I'm gonna tell you Steve Nichol starting to look like a genius, you know what?
Okay, I know you're rolling your eyes, but I'm telling you right now Gary Bruce
Well now you're really getting carried away
Plus that's too far back my memory doesn't very Bruce tied to the track in front of a freight train
That sounds pleasing to me, but seriously Steve Nichol starting to look like a rocket scientist compared to what's going on here
Since Peter the tweeter and in this new guy who had is he ever here by the way?
The new guy Harry penis is he ever not that he has anything to say to me anyway, but is he ever here after lunch?
What does that mean? What do you mean after lunch? Well, you know, I'm in here
He's not here before 10. Yeah
But at two o'clock he's out there well
He's probably out there with some very important meetings
I'm sure that probably some clandestine packs and business going on that we don't know about of course
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes ma'am. Hi
The teacher's come on after you yesterday did nothing but complain about taking the kids to work day
I was telling George before I was very lucky because his little girl is just she's just a delight subrina's
Bright and she's well very polite and well behaved and if she does anything wrong
George smacks her on the side of the head and she doesn't do it again
And I mean she was just great, but so when I'm driving out of here
I'm wondering what else Rick talking about he acted like the world was coming to an end
I guess everybody waited till I left because I'm the ogre, you know
And then once I left the building they just turned your kids loose and they all went ape shot
No, it was going on during the show I was always going out in the hallway, but I couldn't see it right
What were the parents?
The parents were sitting around oblivious
You've gone into stores and seen parents just standing there while their kids were like knocking things over and the eating food off the shelf
You see that I mean why wasn't there some kind of structured thing for these kids to do?
Well, who did you have to to booth?
Why couldn't someone have been in one of the other booth showing the kids pattern on program?
Right what it takes right doing mock interviews. Yeah doing mock interviews
Well, I mean, or just doing mock IDs would have been good those kids could have made some better IDs and rejoins
I you know teach them what it's like
Right, right, right how to fill out a job application, right? That kind of thing. Well, these were mostly little kids
I mean, you know like six, seven, eight years old. Well, I'm perfect
I thought it was supposed to be like nine years old up. Usually there's an age limit art. Oh, is that it?
Yeah, and our office there was uh-huh
So and the kids were structured they were taught how to do a job here not here here was chaos
How to fill out a job application
Yeah, and I have one other comment. Yes, ma'am. What is George's former gonna hang it up?
Yeah, let him just sell those damn lean mean grilling machines and leave us alone already good point. Okay. Have a great weekend
Bye-bye. Yeah, I like George with his lean mean grilling machine. I like that. I don't have one
Hey, by the way, George, you want to send me one for free? I can't afford it
We have an open line at day 6229463. I ain't listening. That's a one thing. I've learned the 21 years I've been here free isn't so bad
What's wrong with free? I used to be embarrassed. I remember when I was at
Well a lot of places K T W N W S
I used to be very upset with Steve King because Mr. Ego always was a real free loader
And now I say hey more power to you, Steve. Oh, what's wrong with being a free loader? What's wrong with like you know?
What's wrong with hanging on to a few bucks if somebody wants to give you something for free? Hey more power to them
Like that haircut there. Well, hey, look, I'm gonna tell you that was well worth it. She does a nice job with all the respect to Mary
And we'll also does a great job, but she's like a mommy now and she's too busy to be coming over here poaching around with us
But it was well worth it for the 40 bucks that I coughed up George
George coughed up 25 and he guys are free car. I got to pay for my cars
I also put it I also gave you no five bucks so that he could tip her five bucks. Well, I was sweet
He's gonna need a lot more than five bucks to fix his truck by the way after yesterday
Yeah, even though the deductible here's Miami. Hello
Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Listen you ever notice getting back to
CW every time Rimmer mentioned to him. He's always the big man with the mark. Yeah, it's a blast a blast a standing ovation
Big man on the line. Yeah, first well. Mm-hmm
That's part of the whole ass sucking ambiance and what's going on over there?
And I've just these last couple of days in case you haven't noticed I've lost it
I just I just can't deal with it anymore. I just don't like ass sucking
You know what I can't stand that tell it like it is and stop shilling already the whole the whole broadcast crewman with the panthers
Did all they do is ass suck?
You're not going tonight, right? No, I'm not okay. I'm not gonna be here. What do you have in my ticket away?
You think we're gonna show up tonight? I have no idea. I hope so. I hope so
It would be embarrassing to lose to a mediocre team in five games to just roll over and play dead
I know it ain't no got to at least give it a good shot
All my family from up north is gonna be the rigging my phone as it is at 10 and 11 at night
Yeah, I mean these performances even a game we won at first game though
There was about nine minutes in which they scored all three goals other than that you take that out of there
And it was nothing these have not been playoff caliber games
You know I can't stand a Canadians, but I'm glad they won a game last night at home just for the hell
But give New Jersey a tougher time
But I mean the the atmosphere and most of these other series has been so electric so amazing
I mean you watched the passing and back and forth and up and down the Dallas and
Edmonton series for example
Phenomenal and you look at our game so far and it's been
Coma inducing coma, especially our performance coma. Hey listen. You remember your program directors Mike Anthony
Yeah, about him he makes him look like a brain or David Havley
Oh my god, he makes David Hossley look like a pseudo-winnelectoral which he looked like anyway
Listen, what's the correlation between the Panther office and the Paxon company?
Notice that oh, that's a real shot
That's a redone company. You know to go and compare the pants the Paxon the Panther people with the Paxon people the Paxon people are the anti-Christ family
Well, you know the Panthers don't want to listen to any they don't want to hear you know
They think it's great. Yeah, but at least they bring us a little bit of enjoyment anyway
Well, listen, I can say for these people at least all these new IDs here all these
You can have some material to take over the a jingles what you a right got some good jingles
So, yeah, I have a I have a new
Rejoin for you. Yes
Thanks for listening to W I O D now back to the fucking Neil Rogers show all right
See ya
That was beautiful. We have an open line in day. It's six to two W I O D
He left out. Well, he should have said is now back to the
Neil Rogers show. Okay, let's go to and two on the out of town lines in the audio netline
So anyway number one number one
Jock School in America UCLA followed closely by Notre Dame as in father or tool
Brackham number three Stanford number four toca Texas number five Florida the Gators baby the Gators number five
Jock School party school
Unbelievable. I know we got some people listening up there in Gainesville
You're not fooling me for a second. Okay can beat that Gator meat and closely followed by number six
Michigan. I like it. Yeah
Michigan the Wolverines with 16 intramural sports 19 famous alumni including Gerald Ford
I wonder as it say mandatory on here in the alumni does it have the whole the net the whole list
Gerald Ford one of the dumbest men in history Tom Harmon father of uh, what's his name?
What's his name?
Mark Harmon and Chris Weber
How do you like that? I mentioned Mark Harmon and then we get to Michigan and come to find out it's right old Tommy Harmon
400 years ago. He was great
Number seven North Carolina
After Big Basketball win celebrations rage on Franklin street. They got a little bonfire going there
They're jumping around. They look pretty good by the way those young guys at North Carolina. Let's go up there and do a remote
Penn State all can't stand. I can't stand Penn State turn the page those uniforms are so boring
If you think Joe Paternos boring the uniforms are even worse. They're just something about that whole school man Penn State
Can't stand Penn State number seven. Uh, here's number nine the real Antichrist people Nebraska
Tom Osborne if he ate one of the Antichristians
Number 10 this I don't understand number 10 Princeton
Princeton
And what do they show here? They show they show the roars
What do they call the a guy that sits in the front the coxman the a cox Wayne something like that something like that
Yeah
Princeton of course, that's one of those preppy sports. You know, that's what they're bigotos all that preppy stuff
Number 11 USC number 12 Arizona number 13 Ohio State number 14 Virginia
Number 15 Wisconsin number 16 Tennessee number 17 Iowa number 18 California 19 Indiana 20 Alabama
Alabama slipped blood then they got let's see 20 21 is Georgia 22 Michigan State
Wait down the list and we're proud of that okay. We don't give a crap about winning
We just give a crap about getting drunk getting laid
And going out on grasses and losing our glasses and puking all over the place number 23 Brigham Young men Syracuse Duke Minnesota
Washington Arizona State Kentucky, Oregon, Kansas North Carolina State LSU
Harvard number 34 Texas A&M army Utah Clemson Colorado Northwestern Villanova Auburn FSU is number 43
FSU way down there 43
Oh, that's because the on Sanders went there and Dave Collins that fact it
Number 44 South Carolina number 45 the Huracun's Miami way down there
Alumni Rick Berry Roy Firestone Michael Irving Jim Kelly. What are about Michael Irving Roy Firestone?
Haven't common they're both Jewish
Followed by Connecticut Boston College Air Force Georgia Tech and rounding out West Virginia. All right. There you go the top 50
All right, wow
Jock schools you might not learn much there, but they're great jock schools and party schools go have a good time
And drink a lot of Maestro Brown. I wonder if Maestro Brown still around
We should rank lots of Maestro Brown in uh in Michigan State lots by in those big half-gallon bottles
The big gigantic oh man
That was good stuff good swill and then there was always strobe is what we used to call tiger
Here's Margate hello
Enough of the sucking already, but what is happening? Tell the Zatman
Now I love it if you call and all what is talking about the sucking up so
That was still in my and all what is talking another
What are you talking about what language you be spicking be spicking? Yeah, no the a few weeks ago
You played a bit where a fellow was trying to get into the John on a narrow plane
I did
Yeah, maybe George recalls it and he bumped into the pilot and it was hilarious. I thought
I think you're dreaming. I think you're hallucinating. I wrote that with that one doodoo wing on the plane
I got that maybe that was it. No, that's that's uh well. We'll give it a shot because he was on the way and he couldn't
Laboratory on the plane and he couldn't quite get in and it was noisy and yeah, I thought it was hilarious
Okay, we'll drop on for you. What do I know? Okay, obviously not much. We'll see. Okay. You don't know much
Maybe this is it
When you got on the airplane
The drinks started right away
Couple of our girls
Then some time it contained
Started acting silly
Like happy jack the clown
You pulled your zipper
And your pants came a tumbling down
Then you climbed on the cards
Things got started with the fight
Then you do
In front of a saw
Your own
The bathroom was occupied
One of us would step aside
To keep you from doodoo in
On the plane
1044 WI of this and George was telling me during the uh well we're playing that about all the unsupervised kids yesterday
And about how the parents were nowhere near their little kids and all these girls were running around running havoc all over the building
Just creating all kinds of nightmares and destroying things everything in their wake
Yes, just ask Lino hilltayah just ask Jay Lino property damage how much
Not estimated yet, but give me a ballpark 500,000 roughly roughly five dollars to Jay Lino's truck here
One of our fine engineers one of the only ones we have left by the way
The deductibles 500 and is deductibles 500 so how do you like that works out great? I mean not
Which means he ain't gonna get a penny of insurance money
He's gonna have to pay the 500 out of his pocket because somebody's little girls yesterday
We're knocking stuff over and didn't give a crap and their parents weren't paying any attention
And this is what goes on in America today totally unsupervised little brats running around
This is all you people making babies out there your parents like I'm a parent okay the last thing
I would want to be his apparent
I got enough trouble with dogs and by the way speaking of dogs see 48 hours last night
Yes, I did in between all the hockey of 48 hours last night had one of the most amazing shows
And thank god that what was the old dogs name with that woman that was such a sad story it was
But you know it would have a happy ending because they weren't gonna show you one more the dog brought on that show
Oh, they kill people all the time that show. Oh, yeah
Well, thank god for the old bag there and even picked up the they picked up the tab for the two grand
And she walked out of there with her old old dog that good old whatever the hell her name was
That was quite a show and then of course the the poor pigeon
These people had a pigeon for a pet and the pigeon was they thought it was a male first of all and a pigeon had an egg stuck in its
backgo somewhere in there
And the pigeon didn't make it the doggy psychologist was my favorite that was great. Yeah
Every separation they would come a home and the house would be just torn to shreds the bed the mattress
Everything in the house and they were the best part of it is they were surprised oh not again. Yeah, surprise
And the best part of it is they had two of these wild dogs and they're just tearing a whole damn a house apart
And they were shocked so they had to go to the doggy shrink the doggy doctor and they put them on doggy downers
And they put them on doggy downers and guess what evidently it worked, okay?
Which is what most of those little girls needed here yesterday was doggy downers
1047 a wiod who needs bull university dogs knows that life is full of bull
That's why you don't want or need anymore and that's why they offer you their no bull dealer with no bull prices
University dodges a family owned and operated dealer they've been around for 10 years
So you can count on them to provide you the best service and the best deals
No bull dealer with no bull prices means they won't steer you wrong
You'll find it easy to deal with the folks at university dodge. They know you don't want high pressure
They know you don't want gimmicks and they don't give you any of that BS because they want you to come back again and again
So head west to university dodge on university drive between riffin and sterling and Davy check out their beautiful new building with hundreds of new
97 dodges to choose from like the 1500 club cap pickup the great looking dodge neon the very very expensive
But well worth the money dodge viper so I'm told at university dodge. It's the no bull dealer with no bull prices
So head west for the best prices best service at university dodge home of a better way
610 wiod the top of today. Why don't we get phone calls wait right there. Don't move
Hold that star 610 wiod
Friday you bastard
You
Okay
Yeah
We look like it's a man. I want you hop inside my company car. I got the pictures and taxing it's out of my hand
I'm sure to make it you were rainy old style. I'm older. Say, baby
I can do anything I want to do
I'm your consultant woman
And I'm gonna be consulting you
I'm giving that phone on a crap show
I've got the power to mold in control
Oh
Where I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood
And I don't care if you're reading
Just as long as you can stroke me good
I'm older say bye baby
And you'll do anything I want you to
All right
Spread your legs and I desire you
I'm gonna bow down
That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an asshole
Oh
10 54 wiod happy Friday tonight's final score path is 110 Rangers nothing. Okay. Is that make him happy over there or what they'll wake up
Won't they we have an open line at day at 622 wiod we have one in broward 767 we have one on the mobile one purple line pound
Iod we have two in Palm Beach in the out of town audio net lines in one trip a late 474 9463. I'm
Speechless I really am I heard one of those last night
Must have been just before Brooke came on right after the end of Rick and says I heard one of those and I said
Is this a joke is Brooke played like one of our hardly a talk station we talk about important things god
610 wiod
610 wiod
My good night and the music there in the that music from like 50s from the 40 I owe. We got Glenn Miller music going in a back
Oh
My god, it's it's just it's unspeakable. It's unmanshedable. Is this really what these people envision for this joint?
Here's North Bay Village. Hello. Good morning. When is this me? Oh, I just my first time calling you. You're incredible. Yes
Congratulations on your country. Thank you so much. You are the man. When do I get out of here already? Oh
God, please say a prayer for me. I got a couple of questions if you don't mind. Yes
First one is if the panthers win tonight. Yes, do they play tomorrow? No, they play Sunday at the 2 p.m. In New York
Go to the ball. Okay, okay. That's good. The next question. What do you think about the session wrestling? I don't you don't like it
That hurts me. Why is that? Well because I'm involved in it. I like it and I it's garbage. Okay. It's swill
It's fun for the feeble minded. Is it fun?
I said fun for the feeble minded. Yeah, I enjoy it. I'm pretty stupid. Okay.
There's a lot of stupid people out there. Tissalood. You know, you know, I tell you how it's all right. I've been involved in a long time and
A lot of people really like it. A lot of people really believe it. That's the worst one. Yeah, that's scary. That is scary. That is scary. Well, thanks for your honesty anyway.
I trust me. Okay. Thank you. I won't. We have an open line in day 622-2-2-2-2. We have a period in Broward. Of course, we know that all those professional wrestlers are fags anyway,
but that's beside the point. Two open lines in Broward. 7679-4673-767W-I-O-D. Don't start with that macho man stuff with me, Mr.
Mr. Macho. Here's a Davy. Hello. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
I mean, again, you got to think I'm like, hey, you got a nose pin over his penis. Nice go on, pal. Wow.
Open line in day 622-2-2. All of Broward 7679-463. It's not going to be one of those musical days. Is it on a Friday?
Oh my God. An all-request Friday. We're going to be playing music. I think Walt Sabo's got a point.
I think those rejoins are, I think that's where it's at. Let's play Glenn Miller music for four hours, huh?
That'll get him in the mood. Let's play in the mood by Glenn Miller. We're going back. You know, we have to have
sometimes new things. They're old things. Sometimes the stuff from way into past like Nickers and two
piecemen's bathing suits, stuff like that that wasn't so bad in its time, just like the Spanish
Inquisition. What the hell was wrong with that? They made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
I think we're having an Inquisition in this joint if you ask me. I mean, this is it's just there are no words to describe it.
It's a 610 double-dyo-d. Feel our pain.
Oh, we're feeling it. I write. We're feeling it. Yeah.
And you know something was sound of a song. It's like part of the demolition of the
entire joint man. You can hear it. They're sawing it. They're cutting it. They're chopping it.
They're killing it. Nice going guys. Thank you. 1057 at WIOD. Come with me now to visit the wonderful
Isle of Dreams. Sixth and WIOD, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and now in bed. The Bombages. A sort of service of
vaccine communications and American stock exchange company.
Standin' high-fotner. We all know how Shannon Folkner's courageous three-hour
half a day attempt to enter the Citadel ended at Hell Week. It hurts to quit.
Oh, and I don't think I look good on the shore.
It's a shame.
The Shannon story started two and a half years before Hell Week.
And now, A.B. Sleeze presents, you can go to Hell I Quit, the Shannon Folkner.
Up and out of Shannon time to work out. Let's go to the Colony Council.
New Shannon would have to be in tip-top shape to complete the rigorous training at the Citadel.
Dad, I can't eat anymore.
Better eat cadets. There are 12 more Twinkies where that one came from.
Larry Halper rigorous training changed everything.
Uh, Shannon, we're gonna have to break up.
The Citadel things made you too much woman for me.
If you ain't gonna finish your prize, can I help?
You can go to Hell I Quit, the Shannon Folkner story.
It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life.
You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks.
Sunday night on A.B. Sleeze.
Okay, 1104, W-I-O-D.
Boy, those, those rejoints and those IDs.
That last one there, that ID, the top of the yard that you just played.
That was the kiss of death.
That was the killer. That was the last, the last nail in the coffin.
Have you still got that?
Or they come up like a random?
They're just, they rotate.
No one would confuse this with a talk station.
Oh, no, no, no.
Sixth-tan W-I-O-D.
Miami Ford Lauderdale.
When the winds with us, the Palm Beaches.
Sixth-tan W-I-O-D.
Is this a joke?
This has got to be a joke, isn't it?
This has just got to be to try to provoke some of us and give us some more material
because, you know, things are kind of boring these days.
Huh?
It's got to be a joke.
It can't be serious, can it?
Can it?
Can it be serious?
No.
Here's Ford Lauderdale on a mobile. Hello.
Hello there, Neil.
When is Diaz?
How are you today?
Great.
Great. You sound great.
Yes, I do.
I have a pig report on the term fight northbound at Hollywood.
Yes, sir.
They are at the end of the month clearance and they have about a dozen police out there.
All right.
And some of our finest and they don't look like they passed any film shots in recent days.
Yesterday it was plantation today. It's Hollywood there, like all over the day in place,
just to make sure they don't miss us.
That's it, that's it.
Well, that's all I have for you.
Thanks for the good news.
I'm always enjoying listening to you, so keep up to good work.
Okay, thanks.
Take it easy.
See you.
We have an open line on the mobile on purple line, the spy report for all that
the pig stuff going on out there and whatever else.
Pound IOD mobile on pace forward no matter what kind of a thing you got and my mobile.
I am just, uh, uh, exactly right.
Speechless,
stage struck, spellbound.
Two open lines on the Palm Beach and out of town and audio net lines.
One, Triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
And Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
This whole thing reminds me of, uh, that Phil Henry bit when he was gonna bring back the old, uh,
joint, right.
I'm having deja vu.
Only that was a joke and I don't think this one is.
Exactly.
Oh, have you heard your new promo?
They played during the Ron and Ron show, which says, uh, do you listen to Neil Rogers?
Oh, then that's old.
That's, uh, yeah, weak.
Yeah, can I fit their shoulder?
Yeah, weak.
All right.
Okay.
And when we cross, yes, sir, it felt like a what?
Okay.
Oh my god.
That's under, uh, what?
What is that under anyway?
Oh, it's under that.
Uh, it just felt like a prick.
Two open lines and date six, two, two, nine, four, six, three.
One on a mobile on purple line, pound, IOD, the out of town in Palm Beach.
Forget it.
They ain't speaking of us today.
They got no use for us and I can't blame them because we don't reach up there anyway.
According to that rejoin, we just heard, hey, Adam, how you like those new rejoins?
He says great, great.
He's psych, man.
He's gonna work here. He's staying here, remember?
Oh, that's right. He's got to go get a paycheck.
That's right.
It's not what he said yesterday.
Okay, let's go to a key.
Oh, sorry.
Take that back.
Here's key.
Largo.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you're getting out there with what they're doing to that place.
Oh my god.
It's it's unbelievable.
And they read this is serious.
This is their idea.
This is so perfectly packs a man that it's unbelievable.
Well, obviously,
it reminds me of WSUN all over again, which was Cox.
They went by about 300 points.
How about that?
And nobody's still probably like to many.
Nobody cares, but they went by about 400 points.
Exactly.
And I just like to have a request.
Yes, sir.
Donald Duck.
Okay.
I think you've been gotten it.
Okay, we have an open line in date 622-2946-3622-WIOD.
We have one on the mobile on purple line at pound IOD.
Everybody, everybody in every, we didn't have no ducks on at your last night.
Did we?
No ducks.
They had the pigeons.
They had a couple of other birds,
parakeed or whatever and how I one was.
Always a cockatiel.
I can't say that.
And the one with the wounded wing, that one turned out okay.
But this, Ellen, then a woman with a snapping turtle.
Can you believe that pregnant?
With a pregnant snapping turtle.
And it lay 8 million eggs inside of it.
And she's like holding the thing.
I've been like getting all cozy.
Oh, Jesus.
Like all his sweet heart.
Come on.
Come, me a dog.
Of course, it goes without saying dogs are sensational.
Cats, I mean, not for me, but I can almost understand it.
I really can't, but I can almost understand that.
But a snapping turtle.
And then of course, they had the people with the weasel.
I'm sorry with the ferrets on there and I was thinking about Rick Riley.
Oh my god, if you're so good, oh yeah.
Oh, oh, oh yeah.
Oh yeah, who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh my god.
Oh, you're close, my boss.
Play with my boss.
Oh, that feels so good.
Well, just roll the brain out.
This feels good.
Oh my god.
I love it with you.
Uh-oh, sure.
Don't move.
I'll go get you a towel.
I'll do it.
It must be doobie time.
You hear that?
They all tie in with that same thing.
Stale.
Two open lines in date and see they don't know if that's one of the old ones or one of the new ones.
They really can't figure it out at this point.
We've got them all, uh, exactly, turning it off.
Six, two, two WYOD.
We've got a pair of open lines in date.
Palm Beach out of town.
It would be really exciting to get a call on there today because maybe the wind is blowing
in the right direction.
One, triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
But we sure doubted.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, last Panther game.
Well, hopefully not a last Panther game, but they just better, uh,
I think the defense is what's going to make or break us.
Yeah.
They've been, I think, McClean better tattoo on their ass.
Take the man in front of the net.
If I see a parody on at the TV, they have a New York guy standing in front of the net
and a Panther guy standing in front of him.
They're not jousting or anything.
They're standing there.
When I'm kind of Wayne Gretzky, you're standing off the rum of the circle just all by
himself and nobody's paying too much attention.
They're watching, yeah.
They're two, two interested concentrating on the past coming in front of the net.
Uh-huh.
They're not taking the man.
Right.
And the odd man who's sneaking around.
You couldn't be talking about Eddie.
Eddie, could you?
I could be.
I could be.
What?
Hey, uh, what are you so happy about?
Are you getting the hell out this weekend?
Meaning what?
You getting out of town?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, if you're going, if you're going to get out of here, that's what I'm happy about.
Of course, I don't know when, but at least it's like a guy on, you know,
death row who gets to reprieve.
Sooner or later, you're going to get out.
The door's going to open.
All right.
Hey, sooner.
If you've gone to last week, just put a couple hundred down on the avalanche.
Yeah.
If you're going to try and all the way off to lower C-Cord Ice Cream.
Yeah.
And uh, can I have a request?
Yeah.
Uh, a casey case in dedication.
Okay.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Open line of day at 622-29463-622-WIOD-1 and Broward-7679-463-767-WIOD.
Now, we're up to our long distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio, and here's what he writes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request,
but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of us come
to try it again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
See, when you come out of those uptempo damn numbers, man,
it's impossible to make those transitions.
And then you got to go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for,
but damn it, if we can't come out of a slow record,
I don't understand it.
Is down on the phone, okay?
I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record
that isn't a f***ing uptempo record every time I do a damn death dedication.
Now, make it, and I also want to know what happened to the pictures
I was supposed to see this week.
It's a god last f***ing damn time.
I want somebody who's a f***ing brain to not come out of a damn record.
That is that's uptempo and I got to talk about a f***ing tall dying.
Well, this is f***ing ponderous, man.
Ponderous and ponderous.
Anybody out there got a pigeon with something stuck in its rectum?
You'll be out 48 hours in no time.
Dan Rather was having a good time with that whole thing, wasn't he?
1113 at WIOD.
Charles Alfieery would like to have a good time making you look like a bench.
That's right. He's been doing it for over 25 years,
including some guys who got the big bucks.
Movie stars, movie hot shots out there in LA.
And that's right, guys who can afford to spend any amount of money under the sun,
they go to Charles Alfieery.
And you can do the same. You can spend a lot more someplace else.
But for just 800 bucks, Charles Alfieery will give you the best look in natural hair system
anywhere in the universe.
Charles makes you hair look like it's grown right out of the scalp, especially at the hairline.
And if you go see him, he'll show you an example.
And you can see for yourself just how much better and younger and more human you can look.
Charles also knows the secret of a natural look in system is regular servicing.
That's why service visits at the Alfieery studios are affordably priced at only 25 bucks,
not 60 bucks like they soak you at most other places.
And while you wait, Charles Alfieery can add hair to your present system at only 25 bucks an hour.
Adjust color for only 10 bucks.
Charles can even revive the wave and curl to make your hair look natural again,
even if you bought that piece someplace else.
So pick up the phone and call today.
Forget about those holes in the head.
Forget about those mousey looking wigs.
The Charles Alfieery system is the best going at any price.
Call right now, make an appointment to go in and check it out for yourself.
In Broward call 928 17 55 928 17 55 toll free from outside of Broward from anywhere call 1 800 321 24 13
1 800 321 24 13 Charles Alfieery at 43 90 North Federal Highway right between Oakland and commercial in Fort Lauderdale.
More cheese, please.
Six 10 W I O D.
That was the reach on there.
I know.
1117 and W I O D.
We have an open line and day at 62 to I am serious.
I can't believe that they're they are serious.
I really can't believe that.
I know they're inept.
I know they're clueless.
I know they have no concept of how to put together a station that sounds like a real major market radio station.
But these these this this swill this Dreck this mong this doll boring.
Blan 1940 is Glen Miller is sounding crap.
Is this a joke?
Is this a put on?
Is this a put on?
Is this just before the big fire sale goes?
Is that it?
Man oh man oh man what are the clear channel people going to think about this?
Oh is there idea?
Here's a lady mobile in deer field.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I called the other day out in deer field.
Yes.
There still is a problem with the reception.
It's really bad.
Yeah well like I said move.
We have an open line and Broward.
She's going to call me every couple of days and tell me she can't hear it in deer field.
I don't care okay.
Don't bother us.
Leave us alone.
We don't really care.
We're running rejoins that say you can't hear us in Palm Beach
and deer field is pretty close to Palm Beach close enough.
So move move to like a real place like uh crawl springs.
Hello.
How do you like her?
Every couple days she's got to give me a report.
She still can't hear it.
You're unbelievable.
She's unbelievable.
Crazy bitch.
Those are some hard hitting jingles and rejoins.
Okay is it just me or can you believe this?
Oh god it reminds me of the old ABC and KHJ and the Drake type jingles huh?
Yeah but from 100 yeah but at least those were dynamic.
Absolutely hard hitting.
These are like my god you say.
These are of art is hard hitting as a stale mutsable.
Neil I don't know if I'm going to make it till September.
I don't really know.
That makes two of us.
Oh god it's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Then they have these things.
I don't do you remember the movie years ago?
Jack Lemon called Good Neighbor Sam.
No.
Okay it was a movie.
He was an advertising agent and he somehow got involved in some deal in his pictures.
We're all over town on billboards and he had to go around and paint them over and say
that's what we're going to have to do to your billboards around town.
Can you believe that those are still up?
Those are still up.
They're all over too.
But I've seen about five or six of them.
And our new PD Harry penis he keeps insisting that they're coming down and J Hoker up there
at the Paxon Bill.
He thinks he insists that they're going to stay up and this company hasn't got any ID
who's on first and who's got their hand in their ass.
Some way we should go around.
It's unbelievable.
We should throw some signs on them to say soon to be on QAM.
Something.
Anything.
Listen here.
I would appreciate all our promotion though guys.
Oh, well it's advertising you can't pay for.
Right.
Box.
What is it?
Don Cox.
Yeah.
I was surfing the net and I saw a deal where there was a dischocking my Emmy years ago
named Don Cox.
They wanted the same.
That's the guy.
Oh man.
Are you kidding me?
That's the same guy.
Oh why don't they just hire him and put him there replacing you.
Sounds good to me.
Oh.
I love it.
That's where the day and enjoy your weekend.
Okay.
Take care.
See ya.
Open line and Broward 7679 463 767 WIOD.
Well Pete Bouldier told me I can't tell you what his video.
He told me who's going to be on you know on the station.
Here's the four-loader deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
How you doing?
How you doing?
Couple things here.
How about that ass whipping on a Colorado put out last night?
Seven and nothing.
How do you like that?
Seven is it.
They came back and said hey we're just a toy with you guys.
We're just diddling around.
Move let it string out a bit.
Seven to nothing.
Oh shoot.
Well we guys got to get some serious defense on tonight.
Hope we win.
Yeah.
Give us a chance.
I was more if you could play the Simpsons.
The Simpsons.
Yeah.
I wonder if that's in there.
Probably not in here as it is.
It is.
It might be under OJ though.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
No I'm asking hot shot in there.
OJ the Simpsons stand up.
That's not it.
I'll find it for you, Profit.
If it's on there.
Yeah good weekend there.
And you too.
See you.
See you're confusing me.
It's not in here.
Is it?
Is it?
It ought to be.
There's a couple of Simpsons uh OJ things.
Yeah.
It's on the Rick and Suds menu.
It is.
That's it.
And I want emergency.
If you just want over here now just three two five grit
in the green, use that.
Please.
You little.
Just show.
What is he doing?
Is he threatening you?
There was not.
Where's your man woman?
Where's he just for asking you?
You're going to hear him in minute.
He's about to get to the end.
So.
He just may have a life so we can know what's going on
so the police get there.
Okay.
Who's here?
God knows.
Yes I'm the 12th grad.
The case he comes in.
I need to hear what's going on alive.
And he'll have to hide.
Is he yelling?
Yes.
Okay.
Is he hasn't been drinking?
It's not whether you're winter loose.
It's how drunk he can.
See sooner or later we find it for you.
We have to dig.
We have to search.
We have to put it in the lurch.
Put it somewhere.
But sooner or later we find it for you.
That was great.
Nice going George.
Anyway it's under the.
That's why I couldn't find it.
Why would anybody put something under the.
Here's Bayside.
Hello.
Hey how are you Neil?
Great.
Good.
Happy Friday to you sir.
Hey Mary.
I'm going to to you.
All right.
All right.
Hey congratulations on getting out of that stupid
tax and he should take his head out of his ass and take
into the oxygen buddy because you are the man.
Brackdom.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Exactly as I say.
Let me tell you something.
I'm a ranger at heart because born in New York
but Panther fan.
Yeah.
Wonder they're going to get off their butts.
But they are some might and play some hockey.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Hey listen.
This is it.
Something about these ticket master people.
Yes.
Sell out.
Two words.
Sell out.
I try to get a hold of all.
Sure we can call you as soon as we get these tickets.
All on sale.
Well I've been waiting.
Twill in my thousand twenty four hours.
Having a damn day.
You got about the same chance that Ed McMahon and Dick Clark
are going to call you on a phone and tell you just one
ten million dollars as ticket master is going to call you
and say we got to a ticket.
That's what I thought.
Exactly.
Let me tell you something.
I'm a Roger Rodi baby.
Wherever you go I be packing up and going.
All right.
Hey by Zon sign in out here.
See you.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye bye now.
We have an open line in day.
It's 622-9463.
622-W-I-O-D.
Come on let's get whipped up to a frenzy here.
Come on.
Here we go.
Let's do it.
One time for all time's sake.
We love you.
Pay and pay.
Oh yes we do.
But we're not whining.
We don't whine over here.
Okay.
We do go on the pregame show and make all kinds of stories
and songs and dances.
Which by the way it was very interesting because somebody
I don't want to mention his name.
But somebody was trying to get Brian Murray to say on it
pregame abortion at night.
Wednesday night about how well you know once the goal is
out of the creases fair game.
Which your Richter was like just in front of the cre.
Wasn't like out in the corner behind the net.
He was just barely in front of the crease.
And Brian Murray said no that's not true.
He's never for a game.
In fact Brian Murray is one of the big proponents
of this stupid blue a bigger crease rule
and the in the creasing which is ruining the game.
And he said no that's the goal he is not fair game
where we're trying to protect him and yada yada yada.
They stunk.
So there you go kind of blew up in somebody's pus.
Anyway here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
All right listen I just wanted to say I think
Paxton and the Panther Management
share are one of the same.
Could be.
Could you know I think they're really idiots
for that trade back there.
If I had to point a definitive finger at something
it's definitely that trade.
That was certainly a turning point.
Turning point.
Listen you know.
He's been at a great amount of chemistry.
Yeah.
And it was destroyed.
Yeah.
And I think Paxton.
Would you'll never convince them of that?
You'll never convince them of that.
Well hey.
They love Chris Wells man.
They got blow up thousand Chris Wells in their homes.
That's right.
Yeah I think Paxton's got the same thing too right.
Yeah.
He's got a blow up dollar Walter Sabo I think.
God.
I'm a serious Walter Sabo could be one of the dumbest men
I've ever met in my life.
He has no more.
He wouldn't.
He wouldn't even know how to turn on a radio
much less out of program one.
Well that explains the trade.
Yeah.
You're right.
Well hey listen Neil I just wanted to pass that on.
Okay.
Hope you have a good weekend and a great holiday.
Back to you.
All right.
See you.
Okay.
Bye bye.
Two open lines and day six two two nine four six three
on a great Friday on an earth shaking Friday.
We're solving the problems of the medical profession today.
We're going to solve the problems of the legal profession.
We're going to solve the problems of the sports stuff thing.
We're going to solve the problems of all your religious assholes.
We're going to solve all the problems of the world by two o'clock
and if you don't believe that you stay tuned or else how do you like that?
The opinions expressed on double the wide.
These are those of Neil Rogers.
You understand them fans?
No I don't.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
There are other opinions but not for long.
Six ten.
W-I-O-D.
What is it?
What does that mean?
Isn't that the opposite of what they should be trying to say?
There are other opinions but not for long like soon only
Neil's opinions will be on here.
That's what that's saying.
But what does that mean?
Exactly.
I don't get what you just said either.
What that the the just of that rejoin is there are there are other opinions
besides Neil's but not for long.
It's backwards.
Yeah.
So in other words, Neil's opinions won't be here much longer.
No that's not what they're saying.
Yeah.
They're saying there are other opinions besides Neil's.
Oh but you don't understand we got all those billboards up.
Neil is here.
Neil is still here and we're going to milk it and you know that's the J.
Hoker philosophy.
And you know what Alan Mason said it's going to get really ugly.
Yeah these people all have a different story.
They all got a big mouth.
They all talk a lot.
They all lapet a lot of stuff to the media.
Most of which is untrue by the way.
And then even the big man himself the hot shot Mr.
I can just or anything I touch Mr.
buddy but he goes on and says well the real question is what
obligations that yeah right just keep making it up as you go along.
You know just dazzle them with bull crap like in all those meetings you know
just dazzle us with importance and about those god dang Italians
and that big yacht they're building for you they can't do anything right.
I'm really impressed you know what I mean I have never been so impressed
and depressed in my life.
Hey how's the planet doing by the way they had one hell of a book
man you think we had a pretty marginal book.
Woo we in fact let me take a look let me take a look and see how
four more formally is she one moment please just bear with me okay
just humor me for one moment six to 10 a.m.
Of course they've had 45 changes on air that was Linda energy of course
and it was also who was on before her the broad that went to Cleveland that
they screwed over in the line to like crazy.
Both hell was her name.
Liz Wilde.
Liz Wilde Linda Lovelace whatever her name was.
Let's see WPL the planet in the morning 25 to 54 I'm looking
oh one six to a one eight they're really smoking up there huh.
Of course it was a two three last summer a 1.8 on 100,000
while a while class C.F.M.
They used to be one of the prime stations in the market on freaking believable.
Well let's see the main the only thing we got in women is 18 to 34.
Let's be an all fairness take a look at women 18 to 34 and see maybe they're
kicking ass with the women because it's supposed to be a women oriented radio
station okay.
In fact let's see women 18 to 34 Monday through Sunday uh 6 a.m.
in the midnight the whole week and how the planets doing they're not on the
first page oh look at this 45 to a five four there you go
there's the story right there women 18 to 34 they're up to a five four the
one two three four five six keep going
seven or up to number eight already they're smoking it so that planet they
stick with that format and you get a guarantee it's going to be number
one half for another two three weeks the planet 103.5 baby
as Paxton once again just destroys everything in his path like a hurricane
1128 at WIOD wonderful I love dementia
610 WIOD
you know I might just go on strike I might just go on strike right now thank
you David no no what I wanted was a folk I mean a knife but I'll take the
other 200 napkins because I may be crying into them any men or not you know
what I'm saying that's the best I can say is like that
see Walter Sabo told me many many weeks ago the last time I spoke to him in
my life I hope how thank God uh that he was going to come down here and
fix the way the station sounded because the production on the station
sounded so bad actually I even though the sound was getting pretty stale I
thought it sounded pretty good I don't recall anybody ever calling and saying
you know the production thank you again sounds really bad and stale
but this now this is his idea and you know it came
straight from the horses ass this is his idea of fixing it
do you know what I'm saying the level of embarrassment has reached a new low
here a new high a new on a Richter scale I have no penis
thank you thank you all you're
I was
now she's got me
I got him from Linda energy my
goal is up now my
it's
left for three days now
some weight program give me a break how many drugs do I have to
my hair's all in out and it's been hard to be since I saw Linda energy
know that my heart's been going wild feels like I want to die
kill that kill and concentration not dimension I pretend
stays out fiddling drugs all day that drops on weight but who in your brain
for doctor husband says it's okay a physician is his name my
I'm a 35 WIB by the way which show Wendy's did we get this from this happens
to be outstanding happens to be very good I got Wendy's without the bun of
course I got my head cancer with the one non-what Hollywood Boulevard
well it's good I'm more than 15 at one time yeah and we paid for this how come
paid for this we haven't got free food from them yet well why not they
schooled us all up that one day in messed up our order but anyway I'll take
this this is very good and they gave it to you this way without the bun right
all you got to do is go to your Wendy's say I want it atkin style with no
bun and they do it I got to Wendy singles with she's onion and bacon and
it's outstanding it's perfect on the atkins and it's great nice go on guys
and we paid for it here's Miami hello Miami
when is this okay have a nice life here's a four-letter deal hello
hey Neil yes sir hey what do you have a lunch today when he's got through Tony yeah
yeah sounds good hmm all right but a new truck a couple weeks ago yes sir
who guess from who a new truck a new truck from Wayne of course you can't avoid the man anymore yeah
and the weekend after I bought it I took down to I do automotive
okay they got something for everybody there yes they do they had the ruders girls
they had rodeo boys that's right it was in and out with a new bad lighter in 15 minutes
that's right when you go to ideal man it's teal in and out yeah
I said I like to call Larry Epstein aka Barry Jr. of Major Duce Bay boy yeah
yeah can you play dicker you didn't say Barry Epstein did you okay we have an
open line in Broward 7679 463 it's like the duck just came down okay Donald Duck
and we're not loaning them to $50 okay no chance I mean uh he mentioned the magic name
Barry Epstein my close personal friend who I don't barely even know but somehow go to hold my
all home phone number I will I give it exactly very Epstein but everyone my day I have
bed indigestion now we have an open line in Broward 7679 463 767 W I O D is the Walter
Sable people are destroying their demolishing they're blowing it to smithereens they're making
a laughing stock that's always a good idea just before you sell a place so that it's worth
what they bought it for 13 million I wouldn't be surprised if they sell it for what two and a half
here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir do you ever think maple paxons real
raw could be birds of a feather what is it
Walter Sable sucks yeah jovenowski sucks okay it's a suck ass world man we have an open line in Broward
7679 463 767 W I O D as in here's Fort Lauderdale again hello hey how's it going
about the bumpers but I won't because they're too hideous the bumpers oh my god the bumpers
as in 610 W I O D feel our pain
610 W I O D oh the just the way he even phrases it is so boring if you put you into a coma
maybe they're trying to have something to match the Karen K show and what's with this crap
wonderful I'll a dream that sucks down here oh my god well that's originally what the station
went about like 60 some years ago when they made the station that's what they W I O D stands for
but that went out with the knickers I mean it went out with white bucks but secondly it went
out with radio consultants if they're on this planet a better plan it's not speculative than the
people hired by pack none they are top not they're the best they are the best make no mistake about it
just keep one thing in mind no you're the only one making the right move yeah I mean it seems to
me a lot of other people have already made this place is cleaned out this place is cleaned out since
the sale of the station the entire news department is gone and even Juan Medieto that we came over here
he's already gone and moved over to channel seven Jennifer Rims she's long gone everybody's gone
everybody's gone the only people left here other than a couple of producers is me Rick and suds
that's it there is not one other person only six months later that was here when the station was sold
does that tell you something not one other person on a year except of course Stephen Jay gay
it means it's a damn pleasant place to work right that's it's the best and that's if you can get
your job done at all I hear you every day I mean you know what he has to understand is you're the
only reason that we make it through the day sometimes yeah I mean life is that he doesn't care I can
go wag some other animals ass he doesn't care of course he's too busy with God my prediction
panthers three Rangers one okay I hope you're right from here from your mouth to God's rectum man
and third yes yes you've been taking some Italian classes and I read a lot of mafia books see
and there's usually an italicized word and it spelled m-i-n-c-h-i-a m-i-n-c-h-i-a right and it's
actually an exclamation point I have no idea minkia yeah I just want to say it a lot huh and I was
just trying to be like archipy Kia well find out for you pal um can I get a shame this request
yes kitty fell in the well okay thanks lot dude see ya bye bye he said kitty yeah I thought he said
something else I thought he was doing a Denise pot fan on his first second there but nobody
would do that I woke up this morning we love feeling of despair I looked for my pussy but my pussy
was there well well well my cat fell in the well oh push push push push kitty kitty my cat fell in the well
I got a letter and I climbed down to my pet I saw an exclamation point that my
pussy was so good with well well well my cat fell in the well oh push push push push
push kitty kitty my cat fell in the well but I don't know by the boom what she pushed
and it she jumped and Emma wants to get it half as pretty as pussy that fell in the well
there never was a pussy that could quite compare with her pretty as a picture with her long
it's so good for well well well well well my cat fell in the well well oh push push push push
for kitty kitty my cat fell in the well if you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to sell
never let her wander or she might fall in the well well well well well my cat fell in the
well oh push push push for kitty kitty my cat fell in the well well oh
1142 a w-i-o-d well well well that's what Malcolm McDowell said in Clockwork Orange remember that well
well well well how come the British invented English and they still can't speak it I've
wondered at all my life something will probably be discussing on Monday that'll be our topic
British who can't speak English hey no matter what language you speak you want to be treated
right when you do business especially when your money is involved that's why when your
bank treats you like crap it's time to fire your bank we hear more damn banking stories including
Rick Riley went on a couple of days ago at great length on his bank which begins with a B but I
won't mention which one in fact the first letters of pop pop pop pop pop those are the first two
letters of his bank and he was getting the run around and they screwed him over and he couldn't
get a hold of anybody and they didn't care almost everybody who deals with those big and personal
banks including me has got worse stories to tell and finally you get fed up you say you know
something I'm sick and tired it's my money I care about my money I work like a dog to make my
money and I deserve to be treated like a bench I'm letting them hold my money and make a profit on
it and squeeze it and final it the least they can do is treat me well that's why it's time to
fire your bank and head to family bank because they're the best they're great they're sensational I
love them I can't begin to tell you how much I love Matt and the bank too and they give you the
lower service fee and Broward they give you all the conveniences of even the big shot banks they
got an ATM at every bank they got the honor and presto and Syrus they got seven great Broward
locations all over the place so what's not to like family bank where they treat you like a
bench like a human being not like a number in a computer like the big banks do so fire your bank
get some cahons baby grow up here even if you're a woman grow a gigantic big oozing pier wherever
on your body you choose and go to your bank and say goodbye give me my money plays and head to
family bank you're gonna love them family bank member after you I say 610 W I O D and deep in the
heart of some far off jungle we received word of some natives seem to be worshipping some kind of
unusual God a voice from far far away has captivated these isolated people if you listen closely
you may just hear let's just go get drunk we're worldwide baby www.audionet.com or www.paxing.com
come and worship with us with 610 W I O D 610 W I O D more listeners than a cell phone scanner
610 W I O D you notice when the spots end and that comes on you notice the difference in the whole
ambiance and the sound because most of the spots because they want to get people's attention
they've got a certain kind of dynamism to them a certain kind of brightness and they like you know
jump it out and screaming and want to grab you by the throat and keep your attention and then all
of a sudden there's like this transition to like like vanilla pudding no excuse me vanilla pudding is
too tasty like like unflavered yogurt that's it unflavered yogurt as in oh my god
the these people are dumber than Tom Velvita they really are they are dumber than those people
those cocks people that were running WS you in who kept saying check back with us until this afternoon
as if hey you might not like this you but maybe this afternoon we'll have a show you might like
I was a geek yeah right and by the way now that he's left over there they're all dancing in the
aisles is what I heard from I don't want to say cigar Dave but Tom Velvita was a real as if we
didn't know useless useless as the day was long kind of a Yahoo kind of like Bill Wise here's
Miramar hello senior Roger see a buddy but Paxton was his name buying radio stations was his
game he's got Rick and such Neil Godden Ron and Ron and don't say god damn when you're on him
and Ralph Reed their buddy boys wealthy religious fanatics with media toys boy so hello Mary in full of
grace your programming preaching is a disgrace oh and if you keep Mr. Walter say
bow with Neil God your station will bro bro I'll ride okay excellent job by the way
Minkia and Italian means a penis I don't want to say like what you said we can't be throwing names
around on the air here like dick we have an open line even though he does have a very interesting
Miller light campaign there's another one of those ad campaigns that nobody knows what it means
and they don't care they don't I mean you see that guy and you say hey there's dick I mean if he
don't look like the definitive dick I don't know who does we have an open line in the mobile one
purple line pound IOD what is this good this lunch today why don't we do this more often I even
know we have to pay for it all by I'll spring for lunch like once in a great while because the
free lunches always tastes better don't they here here's Hollywood hello Hollywood hello yes sir how
you doing great oh I was a long time listener Neil you were long time still am okay scared me
there I thought we lost you no I listen to you every day but major doff and fan not so not too hot
on the on the Dallas Cowboys my partner here thinks Troy can walk on the water does he really oh
yeah so yesterday when I listen to your eighth minute on his knees card has your partner seen that
spot the TV spot that he does no he hasn't seen that yet oh my god when he sees that he's going
to be hiding in the closet hiding the closet yep he's going to take the spot that Ellen is vacating
he's going to be in a closet when he sees that spot no seriously this broad comes out and it's like
she's doing a touch football thing and she knocks akeman down and falls right on top of him and then he
goes back in the huddle with the players and he says okay guys same play on his knees well I mean
she just got through falling on top of him do you follow what I'm saying I'm what it's almost like
Troy's make an announcement over here okay guys same play if you would play that card again
have a great day pal I'm even there she
minkia we're all saying that open line in a mobile one one
how do I do when this quarter back it's lonely he likes receivers that are why I like it
some people say that number eight is gay boy they say Troy loves the big brown eye
a man he goes down on his knees a man
it's guys he likes to please a man he loves to snap cowboys on their behind
I like it
he's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
but his Troy gay I've heard some people say all right in the huddle he goes down
rack them
I can't some balls to squeeze a man
don't clip him cause he likes it from behind
hey
wonderful I love deep
610 double U I O D
you know it's kind of like like a bunch of elementary school kids just came in and
with shotguns and they took over the place and they're running it now
isn't it kind of like a bunch of little kids who want to play radio from like a grade school
radio station came in here and they took over the joint and now they're like they're doing it
they be doing it you know kpx has great rejoices like I said congratulations to wkpx at
Piper high they got great rejoices and it's a great radio station they know a lot more about
this business than buddy button has got some of your sparkle will ever know and thank
guy and Walter Sable also funny promos right no these are pretty funny in a real sick way
here's for Lauderdale hello how you doing now great I'm gonna look forward to you being on qa
m and read the numbers as we look as i'll do slowly goes down the pole yes i'm gonna
as they slide down the totem pole i'm gonna look forward to that yes and the other thing was with
panthers they were uh
here we go okay that's enough when do you think they keep saying about the fatigue with the
ranges being so old they yeah that was supposed to happen Wednesday remember the second game back to
back we're just gonna show up just put on those cups and put on lace up those skates go out there
and arrangers three times they keep saying well three games and four days i do three games and
four nights ban they can't possibly do that i just want to say and Billy Frank's give me call okay
i think so yeah it sounds like more of that whining to me even though they deny that they're doing
it whining we're not whining we're not whining okay whatever you say doggie whatever you say
brine you're not whining if you're not whining then don't go on to his pregame and post game
it in between games shows and go on there and give all kinds of excuses let's find out the real
story why these guys aren't playing like they're capable of playing and aren't even a shadow will
last year and don't give me Billy Lindsay Billy Lindsay is a good hard-nosed kid but he hasn't scored a
goal since before foster he was in embryo okay so don't give me Billy Lindsay we've all got more
excuses than Carter's got pills but anyway here's uh bokeh hello he and y'all how's it going great
what's your prediction for the game tonight i have no prediction sir i have no idea who's gonna show up
will it be the real panthers or the fact that's that's the point i haven't the real
panthers haven't showed up since uh the Pittsburgh game uh it must have killed you to see
Gretzky Scoto's three goals oh my god i needle knows i was screaming screaming because every time
he's wide open there isn't anybody he could have stopped and written a book he could have written
he could have written Warren peace before he took the shot i'm telling you i know i know you hate
him like poison yes oh god so uh and and how come nobody'll hit him you remember in the first
game when Lindsay hit him yeah and he held his head and he wandered about oh gee and he was as
useless as a fart the rest of the game and we won that game and now all of a sudden we just said well
we better not do it again i have you what is that i don't have you heard any rumors about robby and
mock messier anything going around about that about what robby need a mile i don't think marks his type
we have an open line and plus robby's got that hot hot babe since he's starting doing that hot
babe robby's been on fire man he's playing robby needle mar is turned into god better late than
ever sweet heart he had a rough year man he was brutal he was really i mean there were games he
was skating around in circles it looked like he was auditioning for the US skating team for the
Olympics and then he said hey i'm a little butchered and that we said we know that robby and all
of a sudden just before the season ended and now in the playoffs he's the one guy that's out there
really doing it let's give him a big tip of the old medicine hat to robby need a mile for being
our one guy offensively that's out there really producing and really playing in fun like doing it
and as far as everybody else well we'll see how's Blinky doing nice beard Blinky
1156 at w-i-o-d no one would confuse this with a talk station who the hell are you talking to son
610 w-i-o-d Miami Ford Lauderdale when wins with us the Palm Beaches 610 w-i-o-d
ah it's Friday you best day now in video stores everywhere from the people who brought you
a frugal gourmet cooks with wine it's the frugal gourmet cooks with boys yes the frugal gourmet
cooks Italian a little man some lovely sausage for you the frugal gourmet cooks Chinese
today i'm going to make some young guy and of course the frugal gourmet cooks Greek
yes it's your warm and fuzzy old friend the frugal gourmet like you've never seen him before he
may be frugal with his money but not with his thoughts the frugal gourmet cooks with boys only 1995
new video store near you and don't forget coming next fall it's the frugal gourmet cooks with malt liquor
tumbo for a w-i-o-d happy friday to you here's plantation hello you yes sir hey how you done great
all right time with the first time car all right that man just came the other night man I got a real bad
feeling down in my intestine I'll tell you what do you they're sorry could just be gas yeah exactly
I mean what are they going to do once they get into if they do get by the rangers oh how far do you
think they're going to go I mean really they have from about here to the wall I would say they like
these are balls in the locker room I don't know what to deal with yep how can I get a sandwich
quest you might just might all right could uh do the Chinese restaurant for me please Chinese restaurant
I'm not pleased I love that one the Chinese restaurant that we've heard four thousand times okay pal
have a great life oh he's not playing us again not not again
what's this how can I help you y'all couldn't fall but did you just fall in the restaurant for sale
yeah yeah yeah yeah who's our name Patrick Patrick yeah uh so I suppose to talk to someone named
Fou who Fou okay how long is your second okay yeah hello yeah who's speaking yeah hello who's
speaking hello hello can you hear me yeah you got restaurant for sale uh how much you want
for the start well you come here to look at it and talk to the boss I come over maybe it did not
with you okay does is that price include all the walks huh huh come on come on does
the Chinese yeah Chinese okay you can't uh talk to the boss
tell us uh go to the restaurant and then I'll tell you all right yeah go to the restaurant
okay how about I get all to go and then I come over and pick it up and look at the restaurant okay okay
oh
okay 1207 to W1 do we got two open lines are both in
brower at 7679 463 767 WIOD here's Kendall hello Kendall yeah yeah I'm on the phone
and he'll yes sir hey how's your public doing 27 yes today it's a 27 yes it's not too bad
damn not but in that uh 25 was hoping that thing would go up more that will just hold your horses man
yeah you've hold baldy a chance yeah you'll get that thing up to 20 I mean a 30 hopefully 33
I remember four a couple months ago it was like 34 it was at 40 44 for a while here for like
about two minutes I should have sold that right me too me too man we're greedy we're just greedy
and dumb yeah everybody yeah everybody keeps telling me to hang on you know hopefully we're
gonna do some more business right just hold it real tight that's what Wayne told me just squeeze
it real tight yeah yeah I told him squeeze this yeah yeah I was also hoping I can get a
shimmy request what would that be sir star wars canteen uh star wars canteen uh you'll be
gotten it okay thanks for that see ya bye bye oh that's that's another one man we played that like
48,000 times we have an open line in day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 there's nothing worse than when you take
these things and you run them into the ground and over and over and over and they become really
ponderous they won't even queue up on the machine look at that look at this stupid machine here
look at this mother scratch and machine the best equipment that money can't buy I mean I could
have had that thing playing for this guy like immediately if not sooner and this thinking machine
here is the biggest piece of direct god
help me oh
and so look at all be one had to get to all the run so they stopped in too much I sleep to have a drink
with on after star wars star wars canteen uh the weirdest creatures you've ever seen uh
here at the star wars star wars canteen uh music and masters and old Jedi masters at the star wars
would have to have for you name was so long he was a pilot with the laughter at his time
and a smile well five sex wide there with two box guys he was a wolf king they met with
looking only one about the millennium for conducting bay 90 for the don't troopers after
with the flash of beds lights
the weirdest creatures you've ever seen uh
music and masters and old Jedi masters at the star wars
how's ice space for you will never find the more wretched high scumman
to the man he must be cautious his name was Yoda he was a muffin
dark bitter was so bad and by the way he's looks that look his sister his hand got cut off
in that gauzy far far away look his hat allows you day boba fat was so mean
jobah had bad hygiene why didn't they all just relax back on tap to weathe at the star wars star wars canteen
the weirdest creatures you've ever seen uh he had the star wars star wars canteen uh just lick them
music and laughter then old Jedi masters at the star wars
raw
double oven and www today here's a facts from paulah
paulah who's a big leesma y'all fan by the way so she can't be all bad paulah says all panther
fans go to the game tonight wearing a wager's your red shirt the name of unity and spirit
go panther yes we do that's what paulah says
so wear the wager's your red shirt tonight at the game let's have a sea of red sea of blood
a ranger blood wrenskies blood messier's blood that fancy look robotized blood
the top of your
okay here's uh enough good oog okay here's davie hello all right look this is the deal
here's the deal this is the deal here's a deal we're tired and waiting for all right just hold on one
second please i'll explain i'm listening okay i think i had all you jerk off that are for the
panthers as far as management this is what we're going to do we're tired of your crap we're not going
to buy any more season passes we're not buying anymore your damn tickets until you admit that you
made a stupid deal a stupid trade and you you just a bunch of wanting pansies yeah and that's what
we're going to do that's how you hit these jackasses right in the pocket book okay okay paul go
ahead i'm i'll go ahead it there you go there's the answer for you seven six seven nine four six three seven
six seven w i would do we have an open line of brown he's mad as hell and he ain't gonna take it
anymore how do you like that Wayne baldy how do you like that here's a lady in candle hello what's
the big surprise i mean they absolutely could not score since January right i mean every day they
didn't score in a wimpy net right i mean you know i mean they could protect the lead if you
held a bullet to their head yes yeah exactly i mean let's face it uh i didn't think they were going
to go anywhere in the playoff and neither did i neither did i but you hope for the best i mean if you
you know you know you'll support your team you hope like last year they were in a funk before to play
off some all of a sudden they uh took off and they went ballistic of course last year they just
got in shepherd and strata and also two bars and woolly were still on the team right last year
they could score some goals right um and also last year the defense was playing like more sound
and they were like letting in a lot of cheesy goals and letting all these odd man breaks and the
Eddie was playing for real and i'd like make believe which he is this year what did happen to him i
don't know boy i hit by the dumbest dick uh well anyway we won't talk about since that trade yeah
but uh i'm home sick of the dog is there a flu going around i don't know could be boy i tell you
well any one thing i would let my dogs out last night and i went outside on the patio and there was
that smell of jasmine in the air uh huh we smells real good but that indicates to me that all the
crap the pollen and the stuff is around so that that could be it could be an allergic reaction but
i don't think so maybe it's an allergic reaction it was last two last three games very possibly
uh huh listen on the day of your daughters of wedding yes make a request of course something i
haven't heard in a long time yes cats in the cradle at cats in the kettle cats in the kettle i bet
that's not in here is it sure now nah long gone how about then the vatican rag for your ex-none
friend here okay all righty see ya thank you okay she's getting chronic we have an open line
of date six two two we have one and brownered seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w i o d did i say twelve fourteen at w i o d yes i did more cheese please six ten w i o d
i know that the lord even loves neo-rodgers first you get down on your knees
fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and change your flex change your flex
to whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say his own
carry a liaison doing the planning and right but welcome
get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
religion i'll tell you if your sins are regional if it is proi playing it safer drink the wine and
chew the wafer to four six eight times the plan for substantially towards court get down upon your knees
fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and change your flex change your flex change
take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome do like a Roman our ve Maria she's good to see you
and
good ten w i o d the topic today why don't we get phone calls wait right here don't move hold that
thought six ten w i o d w i o d w thanks for listening w i o d twelve nineteen at w i o d here's our
fight on a mobile hello hello Neil yes sir how are you day thanks for calling six ten w i o d you're quite
welcome you're welcome i mean thank you let me see a couple things did you see the satin all this morning yes i
did saw the thing about joeville yeah and i also saw the thing in david joseph's column which is an
uh... total response to me about how a no-wining allowed Brian Murray and the coach are well there be
wilderness to why some believe the path has been whining about incidents in the series there be
i'm be wilderness well all we've been hearing is whining yeah and uh...
i'm when i'm on hold waiting to talk to you i'm listening and they said tonight at eight o'clock
robo cops on so i don't know you know maybe there's something there yeah could be but uh... i hope
he's in it at least to get him out of the game and to the the one gentleman there that was speaking
to you earlier out when you when you uh pull out so to speak yeah you have yes sir how the uh
rating or the uh stations going to slide down the pole they already got a good start
i think they're going to plummet yeah quickly rapidly down to the to the very bottom they already
have a running start yeah they got a good start uh-huh i have one request yes sir i'm not too
familiar with it i think it's blue hands blue hands yes excellent choice that that's to me that
jell and the things that sounds like frank zapper re uh... resurrected it is it guitar man that's
frank zapper re uh... re uh... re resurrected have a great life great to talk to you bye bye see you
i never saw the house smelling so nice now i'll have to lower my asking price nothing but containers
lying on beds all of them weird all of them dead yes blue hands waving bye bye
going just serious serious we die
uh...
i have no right
let's do it
talk twenty one at w i o d now see that kind of a blue sky blue sky see you go back to
and it fits right in with those rejoins
it does that glenn Miller sound welcome to the sounds of glenn Miller maybe this is a tip
off on the new format when the new people take over i thought that was earring for
then what blue skies no no i'm talking about the rejoins it sounds that
Miller music they're playing in the back
blue skies deserving brilin i think you may be right how do you know that i know a
couple things not too much no about that here's poppano hello
neal rogers this is always the first two things i don't have but bucks and so
and then it's a hit
uh...
uh...
man that was worth the price of uh... emission if you ask me
the mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest
release from blackpuster entertainment
him and it's things do it
right
all right
right around it please
all right
here's a mad dog
too many
sing
washing
all right
the kids are all right
all right
now it's baby it's all right
now
all right
all right
man that shows
blind
all right
all right
all right
all right
all right
all right
at first jim setty felt a little bit foolish
like a
unique and a horror
but now he says i like it
i like it
the mad dog just can't kiss enough of that cottage cheese but if he wants to be
the same god bless america and pasties in the g-string up here i'll do it
you got
both
and everybody
all right
all right
listen to the mad dog sing himself happy
all right
all right
all right
all right
all right
jim madden sings
duet
available now at all block thrusters stories
okay be seen as soon mad dog 1224 at wild we have an open line and a purple line
pound iod we have one on the out of town line to palm beach line the audio and
that line the world wide web line
all by the way isn't it exciting that finesse and mad are reuniting on
guiding light on the world wide web oh my god how exciting uh
robbered and uh tests
how cute here's the lady in tamara hello
hi nil yes ma'am hi how you doing great i have an atkins diet question for you
yes what did you drink when you were on this diet aqua minorale
lots of water that's it yeah can i have wine
no no you mean like alcohol and you can't have no booze
no booze at all no try some crystal light
crystal crystal light yeah you can have that zero carbs
i've been reading chapter eight over and over trying to find some kind of an
option to drink here and i'm having no luck with so ever as opposed to what
well you can have diet caffeine free diet soda any flavor any variety you have
all the crystal light that you can shove down your push
you can have all the bottled water with with her without the frida's aunt
i didn't even think of crystal light but yeah i was always like a big
power a gatorade drinker so now you don't want that but crystal light at least
has got some taste to it and doesn't have sugar and doesn't have any uh
carbs yeah this is true see i would i would say snapple but the only problem is
it i never it never dawned on me but snapple being iced tea
has got caffeine in it the caffeine right exactly what if you do have caffeine
does that slow up the problem yes it does no caffeine no caffeine whatsoever
right that's what the doctor says my doctor doesn't seem to know anything about
forget your doctor your doctor's a doctor like my dog is a doctor okay
like most of them i just have one more question for you about it i don't mean to bother you
that's okay bother me all you want how about um artificial sweeteners it's equal allowed yes it is
the only the only thing he says in a book which if you're reading the book in that chapter
over and over again is that some people um if they get slowed way down and they don't know why
that that some people have a bad reaction it interferes with their um metabolism uh because
i've heard from different people they say oh don't touch equal you just plain sacker in or
or just drink a plane so i don't know what to believe i figured i'd call pro well you'll find out
when he has you go along because everybody's different yeah this is true you have to experiment
have to be a little adventurous uh great when it outtried out i'm just stuck on what the drink
up well there you go we solved it for you we gave you the solution yeah the diet's great i'm losing
weight and it's it's great and i don't have the appetite i used to there you go there's the
a stack on what do i drink okay thanks a lot you got to keep it up thank bye bye bye bye now we have an
open line at day six two two nine four six three we have one in a mobile one purple line if you move
very fast if you pick up that instrument and give it a shot at pound i od where it's 1227
six tan double dy od more listeners than a cell phone scanner
six tan double dy od 1231 at wild so it looks like linda energy is trying to use me as a
conduit to vent her anger with the opaxan people for firing her skanky ass off the planet in the
morning and she sends me a bunch of confidential facts is what are not really facts is their email so
they're not confidential are they well whatever they are there from alan mason to her and why do
what i want to put this on here although there is one very interesting thing here that alan mason
says this is before they put a rash on here or just shortly after before they fired her ass
and alan mason says um i'm looking forward to to kneel talking about you it's the best
promotion you can get doesn't matter what he says as long as he gets your name right
emory a bigger pardon that's her name that's got it right emory i thought he was in boys in the band
don't you remember emory no you never saw the boys in the band the the new one or the old one
there's a new one oh i must be thinking of something else then no i never saw the uh there's only one
i never saw it like about twenty five twenty six years ago the boys in the band
bag moving white but at any rate it was not in black and white okay it wasn't in black it was very
colorful emory with very colorful and like the other one said be where the hostile fact that was
what that was his name the birthday boy it was a Henry Harvey heary whatever the hell his name was
so anyway i'm not gonna read this crap on here linda and find a life and go find somebody
else to go to bat for you because quite frankly i never heard your stupid show nor do i care
to anyway and quit bugging us and try just the same crap she was doing with a physician there
when they came in here and tried to use this show forget it it ain't gonna work it's not gonna happen okay
here's a call from new jersey hello hello yes sir yeah i'm calling from new york actually
well how come it says new joysy wow are you in ten of me are you in ten of fly are you in angle wood
i'm actually down around coltsneck freehold in that area oh freehold oh my god you know
jacke lee do you uh no bruce spring steam okay the ones better that's better than jacke lee
take the path the much take the path is took the uh ranges a little too lightly is that it yeah
absolutely i don't think the ranges have played all that great i think the panthers have been in a
coma well i don't think it would make any difference who we were playing right now they're playing
horrendous they're playing bad they have no spark they got no drive they got no offense i agree
with that but i mean what you watch these other games man you watch every other series except
st. luizney treit which is a sleeper but all of the other series and it's great playoff hockey and
back in fourth and drama and suspense and a lot of amazing stuff i mean at buffalo auto a
series even though it's very low scoring it could just make the a herastan right up on the back
of your neck and so exciting and you watch the panther ranger series you want to take a nap you want
to take a freaking nap presuming presuming the ranges when the series you think they have a no
chance no way no way do you do you think they got a shot to go somewhere i think if they i think
if they play the devil they have a shot no way if they play silly i think they're in trouble yeah
a wider i think it's the opposite they had pretty good luck against philly there they beat him
a pretty bad last two games against new jersey man new jersey's got their number i don't know they
haven't beat him into playoff shot well yeah but you're talking about previous years what's going on
with leo and i down daniel they're following on hard times he's been watching the panthers and he's
taking a page out of their book are you ever going to get syndicated up here yes
when i'm on day i don't know i'm serious i don't know what we're working on it you should
okay you know there's a lot of scrubs up here that are syndicated down that that's right it's about time
now you put Miami on the map exactly it's about time somebody with a brain gut on a year and even me
that this is true okay pal enjoy it good luck to you see you okay there's a ranger guy with a
pretty decent attitude he's not one of these arrogant obnoxious weed o' types with a big mouth
hey to range it and of course they real range your fans they know not not playing all that great but
good enough to beat us three in a row with no excuses we have two open lines on the pombi
sitting out of town lines like i said those other series like even new jerseys i had three games to
none and i mean it's just a matter of time they're going to wrap up that series but last night at
the mullsons center in Montreal and the Canadians by the way of lost seven consecutive playoff games
going into last night and they're right on the edge of oblivion right on the edge of extinction
three over times triple over time it took before finally Montreal wins that game i mean you could just
pee in your pants great chances that teodor kid theater whatever the hell's name is in goal for
Montreal and bro deure of course doing his thing and standing on his head for the devils
behind the net point Ralston working for it gives it to Thomas back it goes here's the shot off the goal
John Gvers off the inside of the punch tied up the center and here's Kroenberg with
Ricky Greesbaum Greesbaum to Kroenberg it's from Greesbaum to Lewis
there was a playoff game for a man there was playoff facts and there was scintillating excitement as
Danny Galivan would say it's scintillating man as opposed to our games which he keeps saying okay
let's just get it over with like the third period Tuesday let's just get it over with already okay
you're praying for that clock to speed up real fast not fast enough huh here's a davi hello
Neil yes sir this is six ten to be eighty right last time i checked yeah okay are you
let us say five sixty wqa in the station you're going to no you're currently on six ten to be eighty
which sucks right yeah are you let us say the six ten to be these sucks the big one no yeah we can
we have an open line of brow at seven six seven he said he did what oh he did seven six how was
it seven six seven nine four six three open line and brow at seven six seven w i d one on the
other timeline the purple line of pound line whatever the hell outline is the green line sorry at
one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight eight four seven four
w i o d i think he loves this station i think he probably loved us until he heard these rejoins
six ten w i o d about his function what is that yeah i guess where did that just come from
oh don't tell me we got the right mine wait a minute wait wait wait one moment
there no one would confuse this with the talks well where did that other one come from more
cheese please six ten double you out of the other look it in there though that hasn't been in there
that's one of the old ones wonderful i looked oh stop it get out of here we have an open line
and brow at seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d as they destroy as they come in
here plundering people like i said yesterday i'll say it again people have been put in federal
prison on death row for less than what water say what was done to this place he is buttering it he
is killing it he is strongly he is murdering it i have never heard even in lakeland florida they
wouldn't put sounders on here like that on freaking believable no under john ford's hiding yeah he's
done a payroll man he's not a payroll here's mimey springs hello how you doing great that's good
listen i hate to beat uh what's the expression be to dead horse or whatever beat a horse's head
yeah yeah but you have it might add a little controversy no we don't want to do that
oh it's not that bad we don't want to be too controversial here maybe it'll get someone
a woman in call in no that's not do that okay but anyway um i tried to get in yesterday and we were
you you guys were talking about who washes your hands after what yes sir now i want to know how many
women wash your hands after they take a leak yeah well good tune into Karen Kate and i because that's
her topic again we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two two w i o d
and one brownered seven six seven nine four six three quite frankly i don't care who takes a leak
after they wash their hands no seriously if you value your private part wouldn't it say if you're a man
and even if you're a woman although i get a little bit different but i mean wouldn't you wash your hands
before you took a leak unless you don't like don't bathe in the morning isn't it much
like clear that your hands you've been reading the newspaper and speaking of newspaper did
Adam like leave the building to get us to mimey herald or what apparently none can be found anywhere
in the building well anyone in the building if there's anyone in building hiding the herald we need
the sports section because i did not see burry jackson's column and evidently i mentioned in there
we like to find out what the hell it's all about probably a bunch of bull crap because burry just like
Ellie brucker makes a lot of stuff up let's hear it baby let's get with it let's get that herald
sports section what kind of a radio station is this anyway with no mimey herald for christ sakes
here's a mobile in mimey hello Neil yes sir good afternoon sir
when is tardes how you doing this afternoon great better than ever good glad to be fantastic
fantastic maborical sensational you know i'm posi posi i'm probably one of the few people around here
that actually stayed up to watch that Montreal game like oh my god what a thriller in vanilla in
Montreal that was huh it was it was kind of comatose through the first overtime and then the
and then and then yeah well new jersey went into a real shell in that first overtime i mean
they were just uh thank you so much lastly uh uh uh Lisa uh go ahead sir i just i mean i
mean it was like back and forth and back and forth i'm sitting here looking at the clock and looking
at my bed and thinking do i go to bed do i continue watching this you know they don't have a
china man's chance to win this game and all of a sudden it's like oh boy that Pat Patrice
breeze boi this thing of all people at frog breeze boi flip one in air and bro durga to piece
post heavy burden weight of expectation unbelievable yeah unbelievable uh uh well i i believe
it's time for us to get the shovel time to get the uh little white lilies and the headstone and
get ready to do some bearing because i don't think we have a china man's chance that we've never
won three in a row all year have we yeah oh i'm sure we have one i remember we won four in a row at
one point like about uh February or i think was febber we were playing out like well anyway at that
point yeah well Chris was there too when yeah i guess so so any healthy i've worked just came in
she's finishing the show unreal please i beg you yes let the meal can i please have a shameless
request i got it but thank you well yeah go ahead um i it's not a song it's something i haven't
heard in a long time you know the uh the uh the uh the conversation it's uh on fatso or they're
describing what they're eating oh yeah i love that that'll kill some good time so brookan
i can bond here okay great thanks okay bye have a great day where you going i'm playing it right
now because you just came in it's two minutes and thirty six seconds long i like luxury and cocoa
party uh little pie with chocolate chip ice cream now cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good
ring ding uh and chocolate surprise with wait chocolate swirl ice cream even better
that's nothing did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that and then fill it with chocolate
to a ice cream i like this stuff a jelly don't it with Reese's peanut butter cut then put it in a
warm oven and lift the chocolate and everything melt into the dough um how about peanut butter and jelly
or a chocolate covered grey and cracker with them i use a banana on top
cover little lemon in my water please i make chocolate chip cookies with m&m instead of chocolate
they don't melt yeah yeah yeah jr can i have a little more lemon in my hot water please
still up a lot of lemon uh no i'd like a little fresh orange you squeezed it my and if you got it
no sorry okay that lemon
the crumbs they got chocolate covered orange wedges the juice just dribbles down your chin
well um jr could i have just a drop of honey in this place just a drop of wager the actual
food is covered with that flicked dark chocolate you know oh boy how'd you write this stuff
one that i'm in a donut um um um um get the honey jr give me my honey jr it's in the cover
um well get it what else did they cover with that chocolate i mean besides the orange wedges
grapes peaches store berries jr the honey those big juicy stem store berries are dipped into that
dark dark chocolate
get the honey get the honey
but now we know
so anyway okay that was great it killed some good time and here's buried jackson with another
really acidine stupid he keeps playing the same angle again about like well Wayne and his people
are gonna be really pissed off when i go to q a m and they might just pull the dolphin or
marlin or pranthor game you know Barry why don't you get a life and grow up your stupid piece of
turd why don't you get with it as if these things haven't already been discussed and checked out
ahead of time and let me say it again not Wayne high penga and not dean jordan and not anybody else
is gonna tell me what to say about the panthers or the dolphins or the marlins or any other god damn
thing on a radio station okay it's already been discussed up front and let me also tell you that
the reason that the dolphins went off w i o d went over there had nothing to do with the
erudgers which came to me almost directly from the horses but but because of the money sweetheart
which you got in the article here what a dumb article again because i guess he had nothing to fill
up the last column and his uh thing here today on and on wonder if rogers will continue discouraging
listeners from tuning in panthers play by playing out sir christmore i don't discourage anybody from
tuning in it's a free country but since most of the games are on tv and if you're at home with a
tv set why the hell would you turn listen on the radio anyway bozo an addition to which wouldn't
it be nice if they had enough uh hootspa to put it on kiss instead of putting these games like
tonight's game on uh whatever waxy so don't think just because i'm gonna go to work over there
berry jackson i'm gonna kiss anybody's ass because it isn't in my vocabulary unlike a lot of people
i know not to mention a names anyway twelve forty six a w i o d man just amazing between ellie
brecher and is a berry jackson guy man he must be uh taken doggy downers together they should have
been out at forty eight hours show last night with a pigeon six ten double do i o d feel our pain
eight six ten double do i o d i had one in my mouth one
i had a chip named gay one day she flew away to teo on aware the moon is
the devil is the one with our right wing censorship there are words that must have
slept to do we tell you how i feel for gay
let's be a part gay so if you see gay in teo on uh
i'll see you in teo on uh too
now if you see gay tell her i miss her each day and the scc won't let me sing this song i
wrote today now if you see gay take her hand gently say that after this transmission i'll be out in
ninety days oh if you see gay in teo on uh then i'll see you with teo on uh go on uh go but
i'll see you with teo on uh go
oh
fifty two at w o d a if rogers gets out of line the feeling here is it would take something
extraordinarily outrageous to prompt his anger's management team to look elsewhere
meaning the panther marlin or dolphin if i get out of line
see berry johnson one thing you don't understand my pudgy little fat stupid friend one thing
you don't understand is that that i don't work for Wayne hypinga over here or over there
any other place he don't sign my paychecks and never will
and even when we had the dolphins on his station and let me say it again they didn't go off
having anything to do with me he didn't control what i said on the air and wasn't going to control it
but this guy see this ties in with this philosophy that if you work for a station that broadcast
games or if you work for somebody in particular you must kiss ass so berry ought to be really happy
with the broadcast crews for the panthers for example because there's more ass-lican going on
then you can see in an orgy in a roman orgy okay it's unbelievable and then he goes on to say after
a lot of other uh kaka although the fabulous sports baby has some terrific guests wqa am certainly
wasn't happy with the program's ratings and certainly won't mind having to drop her show to
make room for rogers wow that's a bulletin sweetheart made your bulletin as he rambles on
pop pop pop pop pop pop okay obviously a slow sports day in the broadcast business nothing to write
about so anyway getting back to her the the erin k whatever the heller name is at night there
getting back to this one which is just on wait until you wait till your this
she is the consultant at large evidently because somebody was just telling me a little dirty in
the hallway was just telling us that during the nighttime hours like we've been having these other
people ski and who's the other guy?
Greg O.
Greg O.
Greg O. Is that isn't Greg?
Oh!
She sits in the control room and types little messages and the whispers into a
Steve Knows ring the board ops ear.
What messages to type and kind of directs and orchestrates.
How to handle the show and screen the calls in the audio.
She's the, uh, the consultant.
Our consultant at large, okay?
Which he couldn't do a show if you held an oozie to her head.
But she's consulting other people on how we do this format and how we do the
water, say, well, let's destroy W.I.O.D. routine as nobody else can do any
better than she can of course as we all know.
Oh my, I mean, it's scandalous would be a compliment.
She's now the consultant for other people because she sleeps with a consultant.
So therefore the knowledge rubs off is that how it works?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
No going once.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
Neil, you're the man no matter where you're at.
Here, there, anywhere.
Yeah.
Well, tell Barry Jackson that he can't, he can't figure that out.
This Barry Jackson is putts.
Neil, two things is George going to be allowed to talk when you go to Q.A.M.
George is allowed to talk now and when we go to Q.A.M.
All right.
Well, George can do whatever he wants, including smoking a lot of smokey cigars.
You know, yeah, he has a little something to the show.
A little something.
Yeah.
And let me ask you this.
I got a little something.
He's got a little something.
Yes.
What's a big deal about Ellen coming out on TV?
None.
I mean, what is that?
It's called much to do about nothing.
It's called it's called there's nothing exciting going on.
So they got to make a big son of dance about it.
Yeah, like he's something special.
Right.
Well, you know, that's all I've got.
He the hell would touch her with a golf club, right?
No kidding, man.
Exactly.
Neil can ask.
Martina wouldn't hit her over the head with a tennis rag.
Yes.
I was wondering.
I think I heard it one time.
And I'm not sure if you still have it.
Is there such a tape called 50 ways to eat your lover?
50 ways to eat your lover?
Teat your lobster.
Pardon?
Teat your lobster.
Teat your lobster.
We have an open line in date 62294636222.
I'll be at UID.
And leave Ellen out of this too, by the way, OK?
The problem is all inside of it.
She said to me.
The answer is easy if you practice or a leave.
You must enhance your full play.
Connolly would leave.
It must be 50 ways to eat your lover.
50 ways to eat your lover.
Lie a flat on a back jacket.
Go down to the clam sand.
Use a vibrating toy, Roy.
Just listen to me.
Click the alphabet, shit.
Don't get your mouth down and shoot where?
More capital, T.
Two sex finding.
I said I treat that act with the utmost disdain.
To go south with the mouth, I'm sorry, I refrain.
But if you insist, then would you please explain about the 50 ways to eat your lover?
50 ways to eat your lover.
Just kiss on a trim, GM.
Fuck her up on a beast, see.
Eat piece of that bag, I.
Now listen to me.
Or down on a muffled up.
Just give it enough touch.
More capital, T.
Two sex finding.
So anyway, our consultant says it's 1257 at WIOD.
Hardly at dog station.
We talk about important things.
Berkwe.
610 WIOD Miami Ford Lauderdale.
On a good night, the bomb beaches.
610 WIOD.
WIOD.
Deliciously different marijuana.
Deliciously different marijuana.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
We'll all be back, kids.
Don't end this.
Do I gotta go?
Do I have to go here?
Oh, hold on, the pants.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I'm in here.
I'm in here.
Busy right now.
Oh!
Oh!
Farnie!
Farnie!
Come out, Farnie!
Well, you just wait a minute, if you...
Oh!
Oh, that was still a little panda.
Oh, here comes another one.
Wait, my little dinosaur.
But, there's...
Come here, come, kids.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
WIOD.
Miami.
It's so soothing, isn't it?
106 at WIOD are topic today.
What brand do you like?
I don't even know any other brands.
Name me another brand real quick.
White cloud.
Scott, there you go.
Here's the toilet paper expert.
He knows his...
You can't say corona.
God, how about one corona?
Here's a lady in Cooper City.
Hello?
Hello?
Hi.
Yes, ma'am?
I got...
I want to thank you so much.
You're welcome.
You know why?
Why?
Now and then, when I feel like I want to get married,
I turn you on and realize I'm so fortunate to be single.
Yeah.
Is this your real personality?
Are you just being obnoxious for the radio?
It's a radio show.
Is this your real personality?
But if it...
What did I just get to tell you?
But if it were my real personality, in other words,
you're saying that, therefore, if I were like that,
all men would be like that, is that it?
Well, are you really like this?
What did I just get to telling you?
I'm married.
No, I'm not.
What's the...
In other words, how many times have you listened to this show?
Well...
How many times have you listened to this show?
I clean houses and they always have you turned on for their dogs.
Right.
When I come to this house...
We're number one in dogs, yeah.
And are you really like this?
Yes, yes, I am.
I'm a bastard, yeah.
Are you really this dumb and real lifeer?
Is this just an act for the call?
No.
I mean, are you really this stupid and naive and...
Borish in real lifeer is just a put on for this call?
No, it's not put on.
No, that's very unfortunate.
And the rest of the world is too, thank God.
We have an open line in Broward, 7679, 463.
She's being forced to listen.
She cleans houses.
Not houses.
She cleans houses.
And they have this show turned on for the dogs.
That's because dogs and I get along real well, sweetheart.
That was great.
Was that beautiful or what?
She must know what's your name.
I don't want to mention no name.
That fucking bitch.
Yes, she must know her.
Here's Ken.
What is it?
How's your wife doing, baby?
Oh, my wife.
Same as Hanks' wife.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Nail Raj is Minky.
Does he have an enthron?
Oh, my God.
Get the chlorox out for this, boy.
I want to know what Minky was that he reads in the scripts all the time.
Pena, we already found out.
No, it's not.
It's not?
No, it's not.
What is it?
Short for Minky on, which is a ninkum poop.
Oh.
And then it's wrong.
See, that's wrong, George.
It's wrong.
It's also used as an exclamation like Minky.
I can't believe what I just heard.
Like Achipikia.
Minky.
Accident thing.
And did you ever find out what trunze was?
I heard you a few weeks ago.
Yes, trunze.
Yes, it's short for...
It's got the apostrophe because it clips the O at the end.
Correct.
That's another low-class person.
Right, clips that are low-class, sloppy persons.
Right.
And like that fish, they just call it, yeah.
These are...
These are seven Italian dialects, which is called the lazy tongue.
Is it Ciciliani or is it...
Yes, at the further south you go, the worst the Italian dialect would be.
And so there's the Palatano and then there's Ciciliano.
Thisally is looked upon as almost an entirely different language.
Even the mainlanders from the south see Sicilians as more Africans than Italians.
Really?
And they do...
I wonder if that includes...
Don Coyón.
I wonder if that includes him.
They do very much like what the Cubans do to the Spanish language.
They butcher it.
They butcher it.
Like a Spanish would say Buenos Diaz, Cuban would say Buenos Dia, or even Buenos.
And I would like to know from you in the Hebrew, is there a female equivalent of mench?
You know something, I've always wondered then.
I was not something that we can ponder together.
But I've enjoyed ladyfland and we trade bobs.
Yeah.
She curses me in that way.
I've always wondered what the female equivalent of mench is and today is the day to find out.
And if you say goodbye, we'll check it out.
We'll find some of you out there can tell us.
Okay, we have an open line in date 6229463.
We have one in the out of town line, Archipyquia, at 1.484749463.
Manajal Amazaria.
Oxidente.
All these great exclamations as an old crap.
Can't say crap, okay.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Happy Friday, Neil.
And back to you.
For those rejoins, when I got in the car and heard that, I thought I was listening to Real Talk Radio up in Orlando.
Is it the same crap?
Identical voiceover.
Oh, no.
Now the trigger comes out of the wood pile.
What did I tell you?
This is their formula.
It's a formula like out of a package somewhere.
They think that they can sprinkle it around and it's going to get a job there.
These people are dreaming.
They think they're going to take Orlando radio and bring it down here.
And they're going to make it work in this town in this market where we've had real talk shows on his station for like the last eight years.
They're going to bring that swill down here and pedal it onto the public.
These people are dreaming.
Mark my word. I bet you the next thing.
That would be like taking Chef Boyardee to Rome and say, oh, we're going to make a fortune with this.
I think on the pipe more than likely is this obnoxious character they have on rejoins that explains contest and rules and stuff.
His name's Vinny Boom-Bots.
And he's a lot obnoxious with the New York accent.
And I guarantee you that that probably wouldn't be the name.
Vinny Boom-Bots, which is something they stole from Zeta that we did 10 years ago down here by the way we had a guy who was Vinny Boom-Bots.
That's where you're originally.
Real loud, gravelly voice. That's him.
Well, I mean, it may not be the same. It's just another ripoff.
Okay. Question about your attack.
Vinny Boom-Bots. Oh, Mark. Yeah, go ahead.
Okay. Is that for the beginner or is it not really descriptive of who should or shouldn't take the class down at FIU on Saturdays?
Well, we're in intermediate right now, but they have a beginner, intermediate and advanced. They're three different ones.
I don't know when the next beginner's one starts, but Professor Jack Kirschner is the instructor. He's great. I mean, he's phenomenal.
Did he teach his all of them? Yeah.
Oh, he teaches six different languages.
Wonderful. Wonderful. I'm going to ask for it.
Great. Definitely want to check that out.
Check it out. All right, man. We'll have a wonderful, wonderful weekend.
I'll read the airtchi. Bye-bye. Ciao.
Open line and a person. See how well I say that. I read the airtchi. Or as they say in Jersey, I read the airtchi.
Open line and the purple line. That's the mobile one line at pound IOD.
The mobile one pays for the call. You pick it up and stick your finger in it and see what happens, man. When it turns purple, you know you're in good shape.
What a bunch of developments we've heard today be. I don't know which is more amazing. These rejoins as they...
I mean, I'm really on the verge of being speechless. I really am.
So not only are they bringing this PD and boy do they lie through their teeth. Peter Bolger, you are one of the biggest freaking liars I've ever met in my life.
Okay. You are such a corporate ass liquor.
I insisted all along the between Walter Sabo and his Harry Pena's guy. I was strictly this...
Strictly this... Syrupy can talk crap that they were going to bring on his station and try to reinvent.
Oh no, they're not going to do that. You're right. And here it is being unfolded. No wonder Bolger don't come anywhere near the building anymore.
You phony piece of turd. You corporate butt liquor.
Unbelievable. Just shocking.
Man, oh man, I'll tell you by the time the sale goes through this thing can be down to about a one share.
By the time Queer Channel buys it.
113 at WIOD.
The opinions expressed on WIOD are those of Neil Rogers.
See, they talk a good game around here, but trust him about as far as you can strong.
There are other opinions, but not for long.
610. WIOD.
Neil. Yeah.
Well, Max may not be here anymore, but he sure left his might as touched behind.
Did they nice go at Max? You asshole. You grease ball.
We have an open line on the out of town. You know something that wasn't that good anyway.
You don't even worry about hearing it.
It's just this great packs and equipment again, man.
Remember those first, those glorious first three, four months in a studio.
It was really great. Now we're kind of like regenerating back to that.
You notice the mini disk by the way you can't the recorded way anything in here anymore.
Or like can't do that. Gotta go back in that little room.
That's right, because things are like falling apart.
But hey, we don't care because who cares?
Here's Boka. Hello. Boka.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Two open lines on the green lines and thanks for calling 610 WIOD.
One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six, three on 610 WIOD,
where it's 117 and WIOD.
Here's the seller.
What the hell was that?
I thought you meant a break.
Sorry, it was cussing at Boka Brian's entry machine.
I'm giving out the call letters a lot, man.
Oh, sorry.
I'm doing the the Walter and what's your name formula now?
The air in the gay formula.
Okay, do it again. I'm sorry.
It's 117 plus 18 seconds at 610 WIOD.
Cut it out. Quit doing it.
God, what a nerd. What a spick.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Nio.
Yes, sir.
You're not passing my hand, go, Berk.
You're not in the bubble.
See? How you doing?
Okay.
Dig.
Did you do that?
Pardon me? You're the one?
Yeah, the one.
All right.
It's been a long time, huh?
See?
Dig. And yesterday, I went to...
I'll be right with you, okay?
I was...
Tell him to wait.
No, no, no, no, no, wait.
I went to a Burger King.
Yeah.
I turned vegetarian recently.
And I asked for a veggie burger.
Yeah.
That's why you imagine they're going to give me a...
a wapper with...
Yeah, they'll give you a wapper, all right?
No, but dig.
A wapper with some type of vegetable patty in the middle.
Right.
And then what they give me is a veggie hold the meat.
I mean, a wapper hold the meat, can you imagine?
What does that mean?
So, now they'll give you a wapper with nothing in it?
Exactly. Just a bunch of sauce and pickles.
And that's it?
That's it.
Oh, my God.
And the worst of the guys, the guy I was working at could not explain to me what...
what was a veggie burger.
But they have it on the menu, right?
Not on the menu.
It's just understood that you can get it that way, but I was...
I was expecting some type of vegetable patty by the...
Yeah.
Well, that'll teach you to go there, man.
Absolutely.
I see why.
Bye-bye, then.
Bye-bye now.
Okay.
We have an open line and...
What do you say he ate at the Y?
62294636222WOD.
Two on the green lines out of town.
One triple A to thanks for calling WYOD, by the way.
Thank you so much.
And by the way, don't be talking on ear here no more.
You'll produce your assholes because they go...
That's not the way they do it up there in Orlando.
They're gonna take...
I want you to...
I want you to...
I want you to ponder this over the weekend.
Orlando, which is like the number 7,255th market in America,
they're gonna take a Mickey Mouse market like that.
And because they got numbers up there,
which other than Howard, what have they got on ear not much,
because they got numbers up there,
they really believe that they're gonna put that swill on over here
and it's gonna make a gigantic impact here
and they're gonna do a number in this market.
Like I said, that would be like taking stale halivot
to Tel Aviv and trying to pedal it to the Yilach over there, okay?
They would take one look at you and say,
Fah!
That would be like taking Franco-Americans spaghetti
without meatballs, taking it to forensic and trying to sell it
to the real Italians over there, okay?
Trying to sell Guido food to Italians.
They would say, what's that word?
Minkia.
That's what they would say.
Here's Dania, rhymes with Minkia.
Okay, nice talking to you briefly.
Open line in Broward, 7679 for it.
They waste all of that time, man.
They queue it up.
They pock it around.
They got it queued up there
and they're on for like a half a second.
They waited for 45 minutes to be on
for a half a second with their material.
Great, excellent, brilliant.
Kept them off the street.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
How is it going, man?
Great.
That caller with the veggie burger there
it sounds like she was upset because he didn't get the meat.
He didn't get his meat.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, I'm...
Why are you out of BF's upset when you don't get your meat?
They promise you a wapper and then you don't even get any meat.
Oh, well, you get it your way.
That's right.
Hey, Neil, I wanted to ask you.
I heard Brooke flapping her beak there the other day
about taking her parking space and turning it into...
Yeah.
Turning it into a one.
It's a handicap spot.
Yeah.
He was all upset and everything.
I mean, is it really that bad?
Does it bother you?
Well, George just give me a win.
What's the parking space?
She doesn't have a parking space.
That's what he says.
Her usual parking space.
You always...
We don't know anybody here.
The only people that have parking spaces here are the people
from the marketing magic people like Jack Mark and Bob Rose.
You have to have two first names to have your own parking space.
Yeah, she didn't mention that.
Hello, Brooke in Daniel was very close like Neil and Roger, yeah.
I'm also...
Yeah.
My town, you know, she's going to get a pet of you.
She loves me.
Oh, man.
Right.
She does.
I want to go.
If somebody called her show and asked her who spoke more yeetish,
she did you hear or you?
Yeah.
Who does?
She's not even close.
Really?
I mean, she's got her, you know, a focock to this and focock.
She's got about ten words.
She's okay.
Good word.
I mean, if she's Jewish, you're not to take off two days on pace over.
I mean, more power to her.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, well, Neil.
She could use a couple of pounds or...
Your career moved there.
Thank you so much.
Can I get a request in there?
Whatever it might be if we got it.
I don't know the name of the song.
Well, in that case.
But I know it says something that she looks like a lady, walks like a lady.
Talks like a lady.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay, I got it.
I'm on it.
I'll get the name.
And back to you.
Oh, and I sure hope that's in here because...
I think it is.
I think you're wrong.
Hunter looks like a lady or something like that.
No, that's not the name of it.
I know that's not the name of it.
Oh, so in other words, you put...
Why would you...
Why would you put that...
You're wrong, man.
It's not going to put Dick in there.
Why would somebody...
It's not in here.
I know where it is.
I know where it is.
Trust me, okay?
I'll whip it out in just a second.
Just relax.
We have an open line in date.
6222.
6229.
463.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Great.
I took your advice and I got a 96 Corvette.
Yes.
And I love it.
A 96.
A 96.
What's not to like, man?
What is not to like?
It is outrageous.
I got a 96 Corvettes edition.
Reve the silver one?
Yes.
That's what I got.
Really?
I got that too, yes.
It is outrageous.
I got a 97 silver and I got a 96 Corvettes edition.
I just got that.
Which don't tell Jack Lee, but I just got that.
They are.
They are really beautiful.
Very elegant.
Yes, they are.
I got a little dilemma.
Yeah.
We're going to Vegas at Gina Jone and we're going to stay at either the treasure aisle or the
Mirage.
What would you recommend?
I've never been in Treasure Island.
It's newer, but I mean, I think you're at the room.
Right.
Treasure Island.
Yes.
Yeah, I would try that.
You wouldn't try that?
I would.
Oh, you would.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know, Mirage.
I've never stayed in the Mirage, but I've been told by some people that it isn't all that
great as far as the rooms.
I don't know.
I've never stayed there.
But Treasure Island, I hear is pretty nice.
Okay.
That sounds good.
A couple of requests.
Yes.
One, can you play the Donald Duck.
How are you, dude?
Next.
Next.
I already played that.
Next one.
You did.
Yes, I did.
I just missed it.
Too bad.
Next one.
Next one.
I want to call my wife Debbie a big douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
See you, pal.
Open line and Broward, 7679-463-767.
She looks like a lady.
Like a lady.
What?
Like a lady.
Like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
There's a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
There's a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
You were my perfect lover.
But how I was surprised.
Not only do you have one, but you're not circumcised.
I have no foreskin.
Look like a lady.
Like a lady.
What?
Like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
Talk like a lady.
But I got wise.
Bro!
There's a difference between the ties.
Oh, yes, there is a difference between the ties.
Oh.
So did I say it's 126 at WIO Day.
WIO Day.
But, dropping today, why don't we get phone calls?
I don't get it.
610.
WIO Day.
I had one in my mouth once.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
Now the box depends on you.
Father of school.
And the powers you pose as.
Welcome.
Since you saved his life.
When you're flying since her life.
He's got a job for you to do.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your new.
With the make me on your chest.
And more dreams like yours.
Depending on your own brain.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sense of that dice straight to hell.
When the building starts to work.
With your limits then we know.
Your crushing ground will start by default.
Yeah, got it.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
Fresh Mary.
Oh.
Okay, 131 and WIO Day.
Kind of a pregnant pause.
Everyone has slow things down a little bit.
WIO Day.
Remember, we went back in the beginning when they first told us about water sable.
And somebody said he really believes that we ought to be using that wonderful
I love dreams.
I think Steve Nichol told me that.
I looked at them and said that's got to be a joke.
And we both kind of like chuckled and he said I don't think so.
And now it's like the door is open and the lunatics have taken complete control.
And it's back to the wonderful I love dreams again.
And some Glenn Miller music.
Had ought to be good for about a point to share.
Point one.
Here's what's the point.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hi, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you for looking for a word, a female word for men.
Yes.
I think the closest thing that you'll find is probably ballabosta.
Ballabosta.
Uh-huh.
As in ballabosta.
Right.
A little different.
Uh-huh.
No.
So I think that's about the closest you're going to find.
Ballabosta.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, my mother used that.
A ballabosta, yeah.
Ah.
So there you go.
Okay.
Anyway, can't wait for you to switch.
Me too.
Especially now.
Somebody suggested to me that they're doing this to aggravate me.
I couldn't.
I don't care if they put people picking their nose under a new redwater white care.
What do I give a crap what they do?
Exactly.
There's good term.
It's got to figure out who is where his brain used to be.
Man, oh man.
Doesn't bother me.
I mean, I know if I was going to sell a radio station, I wanted to drive the value down to about $400,000 after I bought it for 13 million.
But why should that be any different from selling one in buying in one in Orlando and then selling it for five million and buying it back for 25 million three or four years later?
Sell it for five, buy it back for 25 million.
That's called good business.
And by the way, Bruce Fry said they might have had that soccer franchise if Buddy Bud would let him in on a meeting in New York.
But Buddy Bud being the great negotiator that he has went up there and did it by himself and blew the whole thing.
Nice going, Buddy Bud.
I'll ride.
Like I said, there's something to be said for consistency.
Here's Perine.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
The lady uses the word ballabosta.
Yes.
Ballbuster?
Ballbuster, right.
It makes sense to me.
Don't get wait for stuff.
Very Jackson will put in the paper.
Any oil have a request?
I'd like to hear that that that rabbit torture song.
The rabbit torture?
Oh, yeah.
That's the best.
Rabbit torture?
Yeah, I don't know.
You might have it somewhere there.
Elmer Fud and rabbits?
Oh, yeah.
I love that stuff.
Oh, it'll do off.
Oh, yeah.
Get off on that.
How about you do?
Okay, go get it.
I'd like to say, may the best of your future be the worst of your past.
Okay.
And maybe far in your behind.
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the wabbit you have for sale in the paper.
Okay.
What kind of wabbits are they?
Okay, I have some lops.
Yeah.
And I have some lops.
Some spotty lops and some solid colored lops.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a straight ear dough.
And I have two dwarfs.
What do a dwarf?
They're small reddy.
Oh, okay.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the wabbits on a farm.
You wouldn't have to have any like little wabbit handcuffs.
Do you want?
Little handcuffs for the wabbit.
Yes.
Yes.
I've never heard of them.
Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the wabbits.
And we take them and nail them to a tweed by their ears and in skin and alive.
Uh.
There was.
Hello.
And now what?
If that's what you don't do at least, wabbit, sir, I couldn't say you were reddy.
We have a little game we play called all wabbits must die.
No, sir.
No, sir.
No, sir.
I wouldn't say you were reddy at first.
50 dollars.
I like to hunt the wabbit.
Right.
Okay.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits to face aren't for keel.
I'd like to put them in a little pen and then hunt them down unmasively.
Now, sir, I'm sorry.
And say you're reddy.
Sometimes we even spare them to the head with a rusty water.
136 and WOD.
My favorite segment on it, of course, the thing with the old dog that they saved on 48 hours last night.
That was such a tear jerker.
But my favorite part was the one where they hit was at a parrot, the pet parrot and they had sat on the bird.
And the bird was like almost crushed and they brought it into this emergency vet place and you know trying to put the damn thing better here.
Brian Andrews enjoyed that a lot by the way, because we understand that he's sat on a bird or two in his time.
That's the rumor.
I'm wired.
Okay.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
What's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I was hearing that show last night.
Greg, on Kakao.
Greg, who?
Whatever his name is, Greg Rocco.
Greg Rocco?
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know that they brought up these two topics.
There were stupid topics.
Like, you know, trying to save people's lives and stuff like that.
Yeah.
One was, um, what did your parents ever hit you?
Yeah.
The next one was, did you ever cheat on somebody?
Uh-huh.
So, I'm, did you ever cheat on somebody?
The sky calls up and goes, oh, I'm glad you took my call because every time I call in the morning, Neil buses my chops.
All right.
Yeah.
So, this is what I kind of thought.
Maybe they're setting up these calls on you to try to get it, get you out of there faster.
Yeah.
Well, how's that going to, how's it going to get me out of here faster?
Well, you know, try to bug your something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You, you, you got it backward.
You understand.
Uh, they have to pay me through the 30th of September.
30th of September?
Right.
So, if they want me to leave now and write me a check or just send me a check in the mail every week,
I'll be delighted not to come back on Monday.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, I could use a few months vacation because you told me that Aaron bitches are consulting now on the grackle show.
No, not Aaron.
It's, uh, Aaron, whatever.
I'm gonna carry in the gay, right?
Oh, well, all right, buddy.
Take it easy.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Talk about the blind leading the blind.
I mean, like I said, if they stuck in Uzi up her, he couldn't do a entertaining show for life dependent on it.
And she's consulting other people.
Of course, that, that is good though, because that's what consultants do.
They try to teach other people to do something that they themselves cannot do.
So, like I said, nice go on, Karen, sweetheart.
Oh, my God.
Here's Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how are you?
Great.
I want to wish you a great weekend.
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
It will be because I won't be here.
That's right.
I want to make a comment on the, I didn't get a chance to ask you.
Uh, comment.
You there?
I'm right here.
Okay.
I'm going to go on the orders.
Yeah, well, you know, trying to get that point eight chair, you know?
Yeah.
The, uh, the quote from Mr. Paxon in the newspaper of about a week and a half ago was
about wagging, wagging somebody other, uh, some other animals asked.
Now, he said that you, referring to Mr. Rogers, can find some other ass to wag.
Right.
I thought that was really nice Christian, uh, uh, fellowship there.
Well, let me say it again.
The hour and a half meeting that I had with him about five, six weeks ago,
every four letter word that you've ever heard was in there.
F and this and SNS and the God dang Italians.
And I mean, the man, uh, swear, I mean, I have no problem with people who swear,
but don't then turn around and pretend to be a goody tooshos and put on this phone
to act for the public and pretend to be this good, devout, born again Christian.
And you're doing God's will and yada yada yada.
Why do you got a guy's in the morning here have to in live sex acts on her show in the morning?
I mean, who the hell is this guy kidding?
And then say, what kind of, what was that, uh, or, um, the end word was used in a bunch of other stuff.
I think it was nine, 10 about two mornings ago.
Oh, yeah, right.
Right.
Crackhead, Nigger.
Crackhead, Nigger.
Right.
Right.
Beautiful.
Very nice.
It's kind of like a real good Christian thing to me.
I just came down from Orlando.
I was up there for, uh, last weekend.
Yes.
And I listened to some of what they call that real radio.
Yes.
It's embarrassing.
I would agree.
I mean, I, I've heard a little bit of it.
And of course, I did hear air in summers when she came down here from there.
And she bombed big time.
She had like one and two shares here.
And never made even a minor impact in the market.
And when she finally left, uh, there weren't like three calls even whimpering or anything.
I mean, everybody was limped by that time.
And, uh, you know, it should, it would be like, it would be like, uh, having a station in Geneva, New York,
and then being promoted in New York City and taking a format from Geneva and trying to put it on a station in New York.
You know what I'm saying?
It just doesn't work.
No.
Of course not.
You've got to look at each individual city and each individual market and decide what's going to work there.
And they don't understand this market.
They don't understand the listeners.
They don't understand the way the people here respond or don't respond to, uh, with calls and so on.
They think they really believe you can take a formula and it does make any difference.
What the market is or who the people are you stick on here?
As long as you do the call letters right and you do everything with the calls right and structurally certain way,
you're going to be a success.
These people are crazy, man.
They're going to drive this thing and then not into the toilet, but whatever, uh, whatever is 40 levels below it.
Further, and we're going to be scraping the barricades.
And let me say this was even more amazing.
It's here.
Here are two radio professionals.
You and I discussing this on the air.
And this is for free.
You're a radio professional.
This is it. Well, don't you consider yourself to be one?
You said two. Are you one?
Yes, I am.
Oh, so they won't even take this as a strong hint.
Yeah.
They're being given consultation right now on the air for the last 60 seconds for free.
Yeah.
And they're not taking it into consideration.
Yeah, listening.
That's right.
They obviously haven't done a thing because we're dumb and they're smart.
You don't get it.
You're not listening.
You don't understand. They're smart and we're dumb.
They got the answers, baby.
Listen, you have a wonderful, uh, it's going to be just a weekend.
Have a great weekend, but they're going to get a whole bunch more out of it.
I wish it a bad.
And it sounds good to me.
And when you, you and everybody else has finished migrating down to the end of the dial at 560,
we'll all be there.
Okay. See you pal.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
I'll read the air.
We have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767 on the wonderful Isle of Dreams, man.
We got to hear a whole bunch more of those rejoins all weekend.
Come on. Let's go.
The opinions expressed on WIO.
WIO.
How can people believe this crap?
You know what?
There are other opinions.
But not for long.
610.
WIO.
Makes no sense whatsoever.
No sense.
I mean less than no sense.
And maybe it's supposed to make no sense.
610.
WIO.
D.
More listeners than a cell phone scanner.
610.
WIO.
WIO.
D.
WIO.
If you like red snapper.
Do you play by my.
Stonecranes.
And my.
Oh my.
You love the delicious sound of.
WIO.
D.
More.
I am.
I have just tasted your snapper.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
WIO.
WIO.
D.
I like it.
Oh god.
Can this really be happening to us right on the.
Right after.
Pacis.
Right in the middle.
Pacis.
I can't even over yet.
Okay.
Talk about anti-semites.
The anti-Christ is here, baby.
How you doing as the river would say on guiding light.
How you doing, bud?
143.
WIO.
D.
The opinions expressed on WIO.
D.
Are those of Neil Rogers?
You understand them, man.
No, I don't.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
Can I ask you a question?
No.
If there are other opinions, but not for long, 610.
WIO.
D.
Walt Disney Pictures presents a touching story of a little boy named James.
I.
Wow.
It's huge.
Ciscalini Bert says it's a stiff.
James shallots is somebody got the shaft.
James and the giant penis.
Now, showing it theaters everywhere.
You call that a penis?
Run guessing from the magic city.
Twenty four hours ago.
Oi.
Wait, didn't you hear that?
The little bells are in there.
Oh, I thought there'd be one at the end for show.
You got to play that weekend one before we leave, of course, to wish everyone a nice weekend.
I forgot about that.
Okay, let's hear another one of those great old, other under-ginguers.
Sorry, let's hear some more jingles, okay?
My, my, my.
WIO.
You want any knit?
Oh, there's more popping up here by the way.
Every wonderful weekend.
On WIO.
WIO.
All right.
Real contemporary, baby.
Really jazzy as only, oh, God.
149 at WIO.
Here's a moment.
Johnson.
What?
What a John Ford.
Yeah.
John Ford Coppola.
He said, hi.
Oh, okay.
He's been very busy and he stopped in.
I guess Harry penis encouraged him to come in.
And Harry was right behind him.
Harry's Valentine was right behind him.
And he said, hey, if there's anything you want you to do, he's our, you know, the
creative services director.
And he was serious.
He was serious.
And he walked out and John got like all red in the face.
I said, don't feel bad.
John is, I know Walter Sabo is behind all of this crap.
You're not to come out with these ideas.
And he said, well, I've dealt with consultants before.
And I said, okay.
Oh, John's a good guy.
He's just, you know, between a rock and a heart place.
So we like you, John.
Don't take it personal, but oh, my God, that's stuff.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You can't be called yourself a wonderful, a high only dream anymore.
You're not on the crossway.
That's right.
I think it's close to the wild issues of the desperate.
Uh-huh.
They're very good.
I like that.
Okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
Wild issues of the desperate.
I don't, I don't mind that like between 9 p.m.
And whatever in the morning after we're too auditioning all these people like Greg.
Oh, whatever his name is.
They're serious, though.
They really are.
If we have anybody listening up in the Orlando area, if you make me some air checks of real radio,
I'd sure love to hear that.
Sure like to hear some of that stuff.
Ed Till and Jim Phillips and whoever they got on tonight.
Sure like to hear some of those air checks and find the similarities between that
and some of these real great things we got come with me now to visit the wonderful Isle of Dreams.
Big stand W-Y-O-D.
Oh, my God.
Okay, stop.
I arrest my case.
Remember that what I was talking about before?
How long has it been since they blew Nikolag because they thought they were going to please me
and before that dinner that night at Burton Jack's good dinner by the way, guys.
Months, right?
Was it in December?
November?
Whenever the hell was.
Right around that.
He said we're 11th.
December 11th, you know the date?
Yes.
How do you know that?
I had a party.
Yeah, but now on second thought.
Oh, yeah, he's starting to look pretty good.
But at any rate, he told me shortly before that once they started getting this Walter Sabo stuff going
that he really believes that we got to bring back the wonderful Isle of Dreams.
And here it is.
Here it is.
I mean, this is older than Matuzla's great grandfather and Walter Sabo.
This ought to get the demographics down nice and low to what about 90 plus?
In addition, which like the guy just said, we're not on the Isle anymore.
We're not on the 79th Street Causeway, so it doesn't make any sense.
You got it.
That's what that was all about.
Walter, you jackass, you idiot, you phony baloney, you.
Oh my god.
What is this man on?
Is he on some kind of doggy downers?
What the hell is he thinking about?
Want a lollipop little boy?
Here's Miami on a mobile.
Hello.
Yale.
Yes, sir.
First of all, thank you very much for the chance to call you on 610 WIOD.
Well, thank you very much for calling 610 WIOD.
Thank you, sir.
Hey, what's this out?
And welcome to our show on 610 WIOD.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Pleasure to speak to you on WIOD.
Yeah, I bet it is.
Yeah.
We went on the wonderful island, wonderful island dreams.
We'll be gotten island with Grant, his more island.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Okay.
Yeah, I was on.
I sure hope Walter's taking notes on these slogans to release his girlfriends so you can pass them along.
There we go.
Yeah, I was on camera this week and got a chance to see the giants in Marlon.
Yes.
And the report that thankfully, Jake, Jake, he's still recovered from his incident during spring training.
Right.
He's been, he's been doing about like 105.
I mean, he did do nothing.
Hey, we can't expect everything.
Yeah.
The first question.
What they wanted to say was if you're, if you could take a, maybe in the, in the fall or whatever, I'm sure that we really don't know at this point.
Yeah.
If you get over to, if you get over to Italy, I urge you to check out the Adriatic Coast.
I know that usually our Rome, Florence, the Honolio, you know, that kind of train there.
Yeah.
You could change.
Train or take the train or quite a balloon yet.
Just had the auto strata there.
Ravenna, Lily, all the way to Encona and even the 30 boats go over to, to Dubrovnik from there.
Right.
How about a school, how about a school, a Pichano?
Even better now.
Yeah.
Just their south of Encona.
Okay.
Yeah, that's a great area.
I really urge you to check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Have a great win in doubt.
I'll check it out.
Thanks, pal.
There you go.
I'll read it.
Okay.
Here's four lottery.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Now, you're saying that all these rejoins and more improvements they're making.
Well, I won't bother you at all.
Meaning what?
That you don't care what the station sounds like.
Why should I?
Well, we care.
I would like to have to go.
I have to still listen to it.
Yeah, but let me just say this to you.
People don't listen or not listen because they like or don't like the rejoins.
That I guarantee you, okay?
They may be annoying or they may be great and amusing, but nobody listens to a radio station
because they like the rejoins or the IDs.
Okay.
Am I right?
You don't listen to the station for the rejoins.
No.
Right.
I listen to the station for two reasons.
Yeah.
You were in Ricken's hut and I'm too lazy to change the dial at night.
There you go.
And I don't know though, though, that the rate of stations going.
I got you down.
Yeah.
You might be an improvement.
What might be?
Let's turn them down to the other end of here.
Craig wording.
Yeah.
You mean at night?
At night, yeah.
Okay.
As opposed to what they contrived, crafted, they're putting on now.
Yeah.
And that guy let's his face last night.
I called him up and I mean Greg.
Oh.
Oh.
Greg, oh, whatever.
Yeah.
I told him it's better than listening to Run, Bar or Sports Byline overnight for four hours
and stuff at night.
So it's going to be a long summer meal.
I got plenty of vacation time coming, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's going to be a cake walk.
You might be doing a renearing sitting at home, getting paid.
Oh, I got my legs and eyes crossed.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great life.
You too.
I'll read my dirt.
Here is Orlando, by the way.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
I'm Don and I am about every three weeks listening to you all the time.
Got to head to update for you.
Okay.
Jim Phillips, about two weeks ago, was giving you praise and aphaloids as one of the pioneers in
Brock Dasty.
Right.
So that means he's the one coming down to Mid-day.
Who knows?
So do me a favor.
Give me some air checks of real radio.
We'll do.
On cassette.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
I'm even there.
Ciao.
So anyway, there you go.
I just can't wait to hear the similarities between these great rejoins and ideas because it's a format,
just like that FM out in LA that's bombing real big that feels that sounds like crap.
And we had that fax about yesterday about what a bomb, an egg that thing is laying and about
there in real big trouble and dropping like a tank.
And about those stories, about W.R.K.O. and Boston and the Jerry Williams told me,
consulted by Walter Sabo and all that.
But hey, listen, you know, those who do and those who don't do, uh, consult.
Isn't that how that thing goes?
Something like that.
Anyway, 156, panthers, by the way, tonight's tonight.
Let's, well, come on one more time before we get on here.
Let's go.
Come on.
Big finish.
We love you, P.A.S.S.
Oh, where you in the world?
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
No winding a lot, baby.
No more winding.
Okay, get over it.
Let's get out there tonight and, uh, yank it up a little bit.
And let's do it.
Come on.
Let me in for a big surprise.
157 at WIO.
