We're busted. The feds seized our hydride.
610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with you, call 622 WIOD and date.
767 WIOD and Broward.
Mobile won an AT&T wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOD.
And now, not only across South Florida,
but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-WIOD.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
A ride.
I like the yield and manage that greedy turd.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with a goldberg.
A rascal.
You turd between hyzing a such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abram.
What's that he's pounding on?
I think there is love to say is drop dead right away.
New format.
What are you laughing about?
I think it'll be a get about an 80-shear easy.
It's 10-02 at WIOD. Happy Tuesday.
Very Jackson and Ellie Brecker have just eloped.
They've run off together. Nobody can fight them.
Get a life, guys. Quit making up crap.
I like the way when you don't return her calls.
They just are making up numbers.
They throw all kinds of numbers in there about to...
From your mouth to God's ears, Ellie, about that bonus.
Okay, yeah, I know somebody who I know somebody else at that bank.
Anybody makes up stories like these so close to paysock.
You know, it's going to go to a purgatory forever.
And probably have to buy a lot of expensive months or two.
No, I'm not going to return your calls, Eleanor Brecker,
because last time I talked to you and you wrote that big, long song in advance.
The Miami hero, like, buttured it all up and twisted the story.
And by the way, I just found out that the arrow is spending a lot of money advertising on this station.
And the deal is that none of the spots can go in this show.
Which is a lot more incentive for me to talk to the people.
Yeah, it's true, true story.
There's been $1,000 in advertising that rag on this station.
But very specifically, none of the spots are to run in that show.
In the Near Rogers show, even though our whole paper today is devoted to that fat slug.
I mean, the whole paper must be something going on.
Huh?
That far missing a Jew over there that BB Netanyahu, he was on her yesterday with president day.
All the, yeah, peace.
They're going to have peace.
All right.
A piece of this, a piece of that, a piece of my mind.
They're wailing at the wall, the Arabs, the Jews, they're doing it.
There must be something else going on besides Near Rogers is going to, you know, where?
Uh-huh.
There's got to be something else.
See, Eleanor Brecker and the Barry Jackson evidently are bored.
I mean really bored.
Of course, if you listen to the most of the radio in this town, you'd be bored too.
But they're really bored.
And so their thing now is they're going to stir the pot.
Then maybe later on, somebody else will smoke it.
Certainly not them.
But they're going to stir it.
They're going to pick out the seeds, the twigs, etc.
And then they're going to get it all ready for somebody to smoke.
Maybe buddy, but who knows?
So anyway, about that meeting I had, you know, I want to retract something.
I said, yes, they said something really awful.
I said that I've had diarrhea for an hour and a half that was more productive than the hour and a half meeting I had with Bud Paxon.
I want to retract that by, and I want to replace it by saying, I've had diarrhea all day.
That was more enjoyable.
In fact, I've had diarrhea for two days at a time in my life that was more enjoyable and much more productive than the hour and a half meeting I had with Bud Paxons three weeks ago.
Do you think that's soft in the blow there, any?
Huh?
It was kind of soft.
But at any rate, sooner or later, just stick with it.
So anyway, all these stories, and then of course, Barry, we got Ellie Brecker calling.
Do me a favor.
Would you please, Ellie Brecker?
Just quit calling Harry Penis up there in Orlando.
I don't need any more phone calls from this guy.
It's killing me.
Oh, well, what does he want from me?
What does this man want from me?
I'm sitting there yesterday, minding my own business,
having just watched a gut-wrenching episode of the Guiding Light.
And it's like 405 in the afternoon.
And the stock market is closed.
I'm looking at the market at a good day, but Wayne's stock went in the crap or again for a change down seven eights again.
Nice going, Wayne.
Your stock blows.
Get a haircut and get something going with that stock.
And the phone rings.
I'm Neil Harry.
And it's Harry Penis again from Orlando with that same syrupy sound.
I mean, you know, never stole a freight train, but what do you want at this point?
And it seems that Ellie Brecker from the Harold calls him up.
Again, trying to stir the pot, stir up a big controversy here.
Really whip everybody up into a frenzy, which you can see by the phone here.
Nobody cares because nobody in this audience reads the hurled anyway.
But yeah, well, I understand you were talking about me this morning and Ellie, you know, she wanted to get a quote.
She tried like crazy to get me to say something nasty about you, which I wouldn't do.
So this is this is the idea of news at the Harold is call up this one and try to get them to say something nasty about Neil.
Then call up the other station, try to get them to say nasty and try to create some kind of a war going on over here.
Okay.
I mean, I don't really care so long as the paychecks keep coming.
You know, it's it's very immaterial at this point in my life.
But I mean, talk about desperate and talk about fabricating so called news.
And so I finished reading this long thing here in the living section.
The near Rogers talking, taking show to QAM, top rated talker signs, five million dollar, five year deal.
And where these numbers are coming from.
I have no idea, especially about the bonus, sweetened by a signing bonus of nearly $500,000.
There was a nice signing bonus, but it sure wasn't no $500,000.
But I don't confuse Eleanor Brecker and Barry Jackson with the facts because they just make it up.
I think it was more like $5 billion.
I'm buying your newspaper. How do you like that? You're both fired.
I mean, just keep making it up.
So I figure that's astonishing enough that there's nothing else going on.
And yet another article about Neil is leaving some day. We don't know when.
Then I'm looking in the sports section here and here Barry Jackson again.
He just can't, he can't stop. He's out of control.
Rogers unlikely to let up on high Zingha at WQAM, which is why we started this morning by my favorite song.
And then I look on the second page on page 90 is the article continues in the here.
Will high Zingha use WQAM out clause is the headline and that part of the article.
And it goes on to say about how they have an easy out with all three of their sports franchises.
And if I dare to criticize them over there, will they Barry Jackson speculating well,
they're going to withdraw the rights, the marlins and the Panthers and whoever else in the dolphins,
which is absolutely untrue, which have already said that the the Wayne people are not going to try to interfere.
They didn't remove the dolphins from the station because of me.
It was because of one thing money, baby. That's what it was all about.
That's right. Had absolutely nothing to do with me or anything that I've ever said.
But don't tell Barry Jackson that because Barry and Ellie, they're going to create.
They are going to concoct some kind of a crisis here. They're going to concoct some kind of a battle of the radio wars.
That's what we called it years ago. The radio wars. They're going to bring that back again because it's boring time here, man.
They have 3000 people at high ali yesterday. I see 3000 people.
They're just ain't nothing going on here. The season is over with.
There's charging too much from MOTSA all over town. I mean, you know that this is a really dead time when the big stories are like for the 80.
I mean, it would be a big story. I guess haven't been here all these years that I'm going elsewhere in a few months, but the story is old.
It's going back in the last Friday. It was already confirmed here. It's Tuesday and they're hyperventilating and making up numbers.
And the other big story surge in MOTSA price triggers an inquiry by the attorney general.
That's the big story. That's what we ought to sink our teeth into. You can see this audience is all worked up into a frenzy by the arrow.
Man, have you created a controversy here? Nothing. There is a one line even blinking, winking, blinking or not. Yes.
One pommat each yawts to really for that one, one journal. Exactly.
That's right. They're charging too much for MOTSA and the old Jews are getting really pissed off about that.
When is a pace off by the way? Do we know? Let me take a look at the do we know George when Passover starts?
Let's take a look.
Oh, this is still on March. Let's get with it over here. Huh? 21st, 21st of April.
And today is the 8th. So less than two weeks and a pace off starts, which for all you go out there, Passover, which is where they had the last supper.
Isn't that where Yoschke was having his last supper? That's right. Pace off. I wonder if he was eating MOTSA. Do you think so?
And if so, was it buttered and salted? That's the question that we we that we weed to know.
Anyway, the same five pound box of MOTSA that sells for 495 in pricey Manhattan goes for as much as 1295 in South Florida supermarkets according to Abe Asofsky of coconut creak.
Unbelievable. How do you like that? With two weeks before pace off beginning, state officials have decided to find out whether more goes into Florida MOTSA prices than just flour and water.
There's a big inquiry now. Okay. This is what's going on. We don't have any crime. Everything is a hunky dory. Wayne stock is in the toilet.
This company is terrorizing people all over the radio dial and what what are they worried about? They're worried whether the MOTSA prices are too high.
Maurice Ribstein of coconut creak, whose daughter recently brought him a five pound box. She bought it in New Jersey for just $6 says I just want to make sure they don't take advantage of us.
Oh God forbid they should do that. And it goes on and on when Dixie currently charges 1198 for a five pound box of striped his MOTSA but supermarket officials say they may discount the product as the holiday draws near using it as a lost leader to attract old to attract customers.
But that's what it says here to attract. Yeah. I got a solution for you Abe and Maurice. I got a solution for it. Don't eat MOTSA. Okay. Who needs bread? Who needs bread anyway? So what else are you going to eat? I don't know. What do you need and MOTSA? You're filled to fish and don't eat the gel stuff in the jar. Please. And what else do we get the past?
Do you have a drink some wine? Some Manushevets wine. That calendar has instructions detailed. I'm not interested in any of that barbaric ancient crap. Okay. And all these bubble I see.
Next thing will be getting instructions on how to late to fill in which I don't think we can say on the year anymore by the way. But it's tradition that yeah. So is human sacrifice. So I stop now exactly. So anyway, did I tell you about that bad bottle die we have that I had for now and a half.
Here is a Miami on a mobile. Hello. Yeah, I have the power 96 by report power 96 by report. Yes. Yes. Both Griffith took the time this morning to announce the terms of your contract. Yeah. And how does she know the terms of my contract other than of course.
She's about to handle that guy. But she went ahead and announced it to welcome you and then she proceeded to say that her contract up in July. And that she was hoping to get something sort of like what you got right making a reference about it. And Mark mostly was on doing some voice. Yeah. And he kept referring to you as the fat man. Also then she said that all the employees of fact made or something like that. Greg read. Yeah.
Greg reads employees were all looking at your terms. And she compared the looks on their faces to that of a blow up doll in a porn omega. That was funny. So anyway, I just thought you like to know that outstanding. All right. Thanks for the good news pal. See a lonely $50 million.
We have no, I mean, you can believe those numbers that are in there or not. And especially the thing about the bonus part, which again, you know, that's way off. But don't confuse these people with the facts.
They heard in fact somewhere in the one article, it says it's been it's been written. You know, it's been written like it says in the in the Old Testament. So it's been written. Yeah. Right. By whom? Well, we don't know. But it's been written.
Where the hell does that say it's been reported in the media that his salary was in the, you know, here it is, published reports in the past have estimated a salary to be the mid six figures.
Published reports. What does that mean? Published by whom? Where did they get it from? Did they get it from me? No, did they get from anybody? I know no, but the published reports. Therefore, it must be true. I read it in the freaking newspaper.
So if you wonder if you think that there's any degree of journalism, especially at the Miami Herald, forget it. They don't care. They just make it up. And if you don't talk to them, they'll even make more stuff up. And then they'll start calling around to try to create a verbal fist fight.
Can't, can't I get you to say, you know, something to regulatory any we said all these terrible things about you, Mr. penis. He probably told her, quit calling Mr. penis. First of all, God almighty that. Ellie, I wonder, they ought to charge her 30 bucks for a box of mods. How do you like that?
I mean, Ellie, who's obsessed with this New York, jappy thing. Exactly. And by the way, Randy's busy, Ellie, 1015 and W. I.O.D.
610 W.I.O.D.
I'd have flared, King, and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
If I was but pecsum, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day.
Old day long guide, Buddha Buddha bum. If I was defecsum, going, I'd buy up all the stations, like the life of love and zeta, I can see an I.O.D.
I'd have lots of money in the bank, annoying lots of going like Roy. I'd have a radio network that nobody carries, but everyone has to run the spots.
TV cable, real estate, I would own. I'd have a half a dozen big FM stations and 607 AM stations too.
Lommy 50 dollars. And that's just in hell and there lolll, Roy!
If I was but pecsum, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day.
Old day long guide, fiddle with my knob, if I was my pecsum's boy, I'd be rearranged a format, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day, the other day.
I've have shackles, you know what I mean. I'd be richer than the African Queen. When high zenga would be burning cream, if I was that pecsum, going, Roy!
Hey, happy pay soft, but 1020 at WIOD, happy Tuesday to all. Very, very quiet day in town. We're going to investigate the price of MOTSY.
I think in fact, that would be make a great pay phone challenge, I think, for Rick and Spud. Send Adam, who naturally is Jewish, send him out to all the stores and secretly find out the prices of MOTSY, and then start like carrying on a hyperventilating and whip up all the old Jews into a frenzy in every supermarket in town.
You're getting ripped off. Here's a lady mobile in Hellendale. Hello.
Hello. Yes ma'am. Yes, are you really leaving? I've been out on my house in the morning.
Am I, I can't hear you. You're not, you got to speak up. Okay, are you really leaving? Am I really leaving? What?
Are you going to QAM? Yes.
I haven't heard anything. I haven't been in town and I just heard you briefly this morning and I just wondered. Yes, I am.
I went to second take place. I know when they changed. I don't know in a few months.
Okay. TBA, will you be listening? Yes. Oh, thank God. I'll follow you. Thank you, sweetheart.
Okay. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
We have an open line at day at 622-29463. We have two open lines in Broward, 767. We have one on the purple line at Pound IOD on the mobile one line.
We have one on the out of town line, the worldwide, the wicked web line, 1,884, 749, 463.
Here's what's going on with that Ron and Ron business, by the way. This big meeting is going on with that deal and even as we speak.
Even as we speak, there's big meetings, Alan Mason, who's another one of the corporate to Han shows. He's in a building. Tommy Kramer's in a building trying to find the other three pounds of that white here.
And boy, oh boy, just amazing. It's astonishing what's going on here.
Who could have ever predicted that in just a handful of months this dissimation would have taken place so quickly and so painfully?
Here's the homestead. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Who are we going to get to replace you?
You're asking me like I know, like they're going to tell me or like I would have any idea. How do I know?
I just wonder, I mean, there's the stations going to help. Yeah. And first, we'll have to know you. Yeah. What about the dolphins? What about the dolphins in Jim Maddich and Jeff DeForest and Kimba Bo camper?
Who knows nothing about hockey, by the way, quit trying to talk about hockey. Can't buy her to your last night. I'm embarrassed for you. What about all those people?
What's left? Do you realize that the only on the air people left after I leave here from last September, Ricken says nobody else. Nobody else.
That maybe you know, Steven J. Gay on the weekend and other than that, nobody nobody. Hopefully Ricken said, it's all you down there.
I mean, it's like nice to be able to turn on one station in the morning. Yeah, it's kind of difficult to twist that dial all the way down the 50 kilo cycles.
That's pretty tough move. Yeah. Okay, pal. Thanks. Yeah, these people. Oh, you know, it's kind of nice. Leave it on one spot.
How about your TV? Let me ask you this. How many of you turn on your TV and leave it on one spot all day?
Yeah, but who's got to remote control for their radio? Well, you better get it.
Asshole. God dang. Yeah, I know the first two words I'm going to say when I go on a year over there. Okay. God is the first one and dang.
Okay. I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to
say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say the simplest way I'm going to say it. But if you try to do that
instruction or something yeah because Eastern
what?
Eastern Miramar has been touched in about ten years now and they've been saying
that they're going to do something.
Eastern Miramar hasn't been touched with what?
With an ugly stick?
I wouldn't touch it with your thing.
Well anyway, with your fingers.
Anyway, I've been trying to get a job as a volunteer.
Well, what do you mean trying to get a job as a volunteer?
What does that mean?
What kind of a job is that?
Well, a volunteer to do what?
And construction or a backing hope with it, it's impossible.
Yeah.
So what do you sound so bummed out about?
In other words, you want you want to be the guy that's going to put Miramar back together again?
Even after all the King's horses and all the Queen's men couldn't do it?
I guess so far.
OK, George, give this guy Humpty Dumpty's number.
OK?
We have two open lines in Broward, 7679, 4658.
Talk about depressed.
This guy sound like he's going to blow his brains out because he can't get a volunteer job.
There's people out there that want to get a paid job.
They would like some money, OK?
There's people like to get a real job, like getting a few bucks or they can put food on a table.
This guy's like suicidal because he can't get a volunteer job to put Eastern Miramar back together again.
I'm going to tell you something, friends.
Everybody all over the state is sitting on pins and needles waiting to find out if Eastern
freaking Miramar is going to get put back together again or not.
Forget about the Mata.
Forget about Neil Rogers and all the money.
Forget about Ellie Brecker.
Forget about Harry's penis.
Forget about all this stuff.
OK?
The big thing is his Eastern Miramar will it ever be the same again he asked.
And look where this box is this morning by the way.
No.
Oh God.
Just come in here and potsky around.
Let me ask you something.
What goes on here at night now?
Why is it necessary?
I mean, I realized that it's a very ugly question for me to ask.
But why is it necessary now that Ron and Ron got their own studio back?
They're assuming they're still going to be here, which they're having a big meeting right now.
Maybe they won't.
But at any rate, why does anybody need to move this stuff out of the way here?
Even if they don't use the DCS, is this like bothering somebody over here that we have to keep
potsking around and pushing stuff back and forth and pushing this box over here?
I think that's the problem, man.
We got too many people potsking around with stuff here at night.
Somebody's going to get their box pushed pretty soon.
Sorry, well, we have an open line in day at 622.
She's weak.
Nice person.
But God is she weak.
622.
9463.
Two open line.
You know what it is?
Those topics.
Oh, God.
Now, if Neil Rogers went out and bought a Brazil that was too big, that would be a big story.
It'd be on the front page of the paper again tomorrow.
LA Brecker and Barry Jackson would be at Bird Eye and investigating.
Neil's bra was too big.
I'm telling you, that would be a story.
But because she went out and bought a bra, that was too big.
I mean, is that a topic for a talk show?
What is with these topics?
I'm telling you.
Call up Harry P. Ness right now.
It's time to take those topics and drop him in Lake Okeechobee on a way down.
Get rid of those boring, terminal, co-inducing topics.
You want to get the audience on fire.
You want to get those peaks of 20 shares.
You just watch what we're doing here this morning.
We got a couple of calls on there.
Not too many.
We got a couple.
We're working on rehabilitating Eastern Miramar.
We're going to put that piece of crap back together again.
It's the last damn thing we do.
What's the last thing we do?
Malcy.
But not like the scene of the gun.
Remember, this is what they were playing, Tarantella, in a scene at the wedding.
Much, much Malcy went to Godfather, like everything else.
What movies he was talking about?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is that still in that movie theater or what?
That probably not.
Who knows?
The same old Farts that saw it before went out and saw it again.
And the bazillions of people out there that wouldn't know the Godfather if he stuck a
canole up their ass.
They didn't bother going to see it because it didn't have the hype.
And you know America, man, unless you got the hype, they don't respond.
Sorry.
1028 at WIOD.
WIOD is not your radio.
It's just real static.
The work talk radio I've heard my life in the WIOD.
And now, language lab, the show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Listen one.
Strawberry pie.
Strawberry pie.
Lesson two.
Apple pie.
Apple pie.
Lesson three.
Pumpkin pie.
Bunky pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple pie, strawberry and funky.
Language lab is a public service and we not be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
1033 at WIOD on a very marginal Tuesday morning.
We have an open line at day 622.
We have a pair of browners 767.
We have two only out of townlines.
So you see Eleanor Brecker and Barry Jackson.
Nobody cares.
It's old news already.
It's old news and the numbers are all wrong anyway.
But hey, don't worry about the facts.
Just continue making stuff up.
Call Harry Penis and Orlando by the way and get him all whipped up into a frenzy if that's
possible, which I doubt.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
Okay.
I wanted to give you some more information on that spy report on the boat riffing.
Yes.
Call 96 call.
It happened at 654 in which she stated that not only is the salary you're getting disgusting,
but the fact that she said that because power 96 I guess is also owned by WQA.
Easily, yeah.
Okay, they say that now they're going to have to put on spots to pay for your salary
and to tell all the listeners that since they're going to be playing sponsor, how they're
going to be able to play music.
So if they have any complaints about that SOB AKS Neil, they give him a call and complain
on the show.
She didn't say that SOB.
She said it.
It was at 64.
64.
64.
Bo Grim was in that SOB.
SOB.
Okay.
And then by 735, she was already saying that she's changing her thing a bit.
I'm like, you were supposed to say profiting so that way she can make the money.
Okay.
Okay.
Great clever.
Very brilliant, Bo.
Very good.
That was the worst we're going to be working next week.
And if I could call someone to do back, Mario and Carrie Herrera, you're both douspecs.
Okay, but very can't play hockey like Mario.
Thank you so much for more spy reports from power 96.
Thank God they got some listeners.
Anywhere over there that miserable bull griffin bitch.
That's fucking bitch.
See, even the audience wants to start stuff up now.
Okay.
Everybody wants to start a big simmiss here.
I don't give a crap about that.
I'm going to do it there and doing my show period.
Period.
And Barry Jackson, he's all worried about this door rose care and what does man just think
about who cares what anybody thinks.
We're all in business.
This is a radio show.
Barry, I hate to break the news to you.
It's called making a living.
And in this case, a fairly decent one.
Thank God.
And it's also called for me getting out of here, which I'm counting the minutes.
I'm counting the seconds.
And then I'll write my encyclopedia about the Paxon people, about a corporation that
is just destined to destroy everything in its path.
Open line at date, 622, 2 at Broward, 767, 2 on the out of townlines, 1, 48474, 9463.
Here's Miami on a mobile.
Hello.
All right.
Yes, sir.
Jim Anwich.
You know who the happiest man in Miami is right now?
The happiest man in Miami is next to me is whom?
Fat Hank.
Is he?
Yeah.
How do you know that?
Some people will actually be listening when he gets on the air.
Yeah, that would be good.
Yeah.
But what do you think?
I got a question for you.
Yeah.
That wasn't a knock in Chris Moore, was it?
No.
Why not?
He thought, uh, I have a request in the honor of you leaving IOD.
Yes.
I haven't heard it all.
Let me just say something.
Yeah.
According to plan, my plan, uh, through September 30th, I'm going to be here.
This is the 8th of April.
I know.
Now if we're going to be saying goodbye for the next six months, it's going to be the
longest, not that I'm leaving town like Phil Henry had to do for four months, but it's
going to be a long, ponderous and monotonous.
But what do you want?
Uh, hang your ball spot.
I never heard it a long time.
Oh, what the whole bit.
I played it every day the last week.
Get out of here.
Get a life.
And what does that have to do with anything?
Anyway, what does that have to do with anything about QAM or IOD or anything except, uh,
we're not doing Larry King tributes today.
Okay.
He's not the one that just did the thing.
The O Rogers got.
That's right.
I don't read nothing about Larry King and Ellie Brecker and Barry Jackson's columns today.
The 85 columns they got, which spill up about two thirds of the hero, which don't run
around no response on this show.
Isn't that amazing?
Talk about holding a grudge.
Okay.
The fact that we got more audience on this show than their whole rest of the town put together.
Forget about that.
We don't care.
We'll spend the hero's money.
We just don't want nothing to do with that.
Faggot.
Okay.
Two open lives in Broward.
So I mean, it couldn't be no money out of my pocket.
I'll still be able to pay that electric bill whether the hero subsidizes me or not.
How do you like that?
How have I managed to reach this apex of my career of my life of my fading life without the help of the hero without their assistance?
Huh?
And I see that's a nightrider stock.
By the way, it's being downgraded.
Oh, that's a bad break.
Two open lines in Broward.
7679 because they bought a couple losing companies.
7679 463 767 W I O D.
Kines must macho Wayne or the people at night.
Ritter.
How about Tony Ritter?
Let's use him specifically.
Kines must macho Wayne, I penga Mickey, Erison, Tony, Ritter, Buddy Bud Paxon or Tommy Kramer.
There's a poll for you.
Here's a Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Great.
Listen, I wasn't able to listen to your show yesterday.
Why not?
Well, I was working.
Pretty weak excuse.
No, I couldn't.
They don't let me listen to you.
Why not?
Antisemites?
They're assholes.
They're probably the ones that are charging Jews 15 bucks for a box of $6 bucks of MOTSA.
I think you're right.
And by the way, my mother's going bananas about that kind of money for that MOTSA.
I know something banana, slice bananas on MOTSA sounds pretty good.
Now that you mentioned it, would maybe some strawberry jam, some nice old-fashioned Jewish
preserves.
There you go.
Cocher for Paisov.
Yes.
From the Cork, from the Circle, you ranch.
That's delicious.
But listen, you know, um, the day show.
Well, that does sound good, no, no?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Anyway.
The today show, I was, I was watching my dish yesterday, the delayed telecast.
And they were in our favorite city.
They were in Vegas.
Yeah.
Yesterday.
That's our favorite city?
Well, I mean, in the U.S.
In your favorite city, okay.
In the U.S.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I just wanted to tell you that.
And what does that mean?
And there's got to be more to the story than that.
Well, I mean, the fact that we've, that you've told me about Vegas and I've been out there
and I've experienced great things out there.
Yeah.
I was just, uh, wanting to call out the show.
No, I did not.
You did.
I don't watch that show.
I'm depending on your death.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
And the smoke one for us.
We have all the brow lines wide open now.
767-9463-767-W-I-O-D.
God Almighty.
It's a great day for the Irish and the Jewish and the Chinese.
La, la, la, la, chinesi.
The chinesi, the Japanesei and all of those other strange people.
Which there are an awful lot of them too, by the way you notice.
Here's a cutlerage.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
First of all, congratulations.
Thank you, I guess.
Let me tell you, if another station wouldn't think you weren't worth it,
they wouldn't have offer you the job and give you the extra cash.
Uh-huh.
So, you know, screw me they can't take so long.
What's not to like?
Huh?
What's not to like?
Well, I'm saying, if it is true that you're getting an increase in your salary,
you have more power to it, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I'll tell you one thing.
If they were giving me even a small decrease in the salary,
say I can say it now, I wish they would have known this before.
They wouldn't give me all the money.
If they were even giving me a small decrease and said,
hey, we'll let you work over here.
I'd still go.
Let me just get out of here.
Just to get away from here.
I mean, this place is like a major cancer on our lives.
Well, you know, paint the world's pink for now until you leave.
I mean, make you relax a little bit.
Yeah.
You know, now about this mobs us.
I wonder if I just wear a pink shirt every day.
No.
I have several, yes?
Well, that's your point.
The mobs us.
Why are they too expensive?
You mean to tell me that the Jews now are exploding Jews with mobs of balls?
No, goyem are exploiting Jews.
The manufacturer, the Managed Shevitz people,
if you read the herald article, the Managed Shevitz people said that they have one whole sale price
that they sell it to everybody.
And after that, the distributors and the retailers, they make up their own retail price.
That's right.
So it's not the Managed Shevitz people.
It's not the Yiddlaugh letter ripping off the other Jews.
In this case, it's goyem ripping off Jews.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Because I don't think that the people that own Wendixi are Jewish.
I think they should complain to the rabbi.
Yeah.
They should complain to the rabbi.
They should complain to Mimi Netanyahu.
Forget about all this peacestock.
There ain't going to be no peacestock.
Everybody with a brain knows that.
Let's get the price of mobsa down in time for peacestock.
At least do something that's possible.
Yeah, probably, probably Managed Shevitz people had to increase the price because instead of shortening,
now they have to put pork fat, you know what I mean?
Yeah, that's it.
That's what I'm talking about.
Okay, pal.
Listen, good luck to you.
Oh, man, have a great life.
Bye bye.
Don't eat too many beans.
We have an open line in date, 6229463, 6222WOD,
and we have two open lines in Broward.
767 and two in Palm Beach on the out of townlines.
Our topic today is, have you bought a bra that's too big, guys,
and are you going to take it back?
That's our topic today.
Come on, let's come up with a good topic today.
Let's do topics from now on.
These next six long, excruciating months.
Let's come up with a topic of the day.
In fact, let's call Roger Crotch.
Maybe he can come up with a quote of the day and a topic of the day.
What do you think?
Let's just pick up any section of the newspaper.
Here you go.
State to Travelers is bullet train worth building.
Our topic today.
What do you think is the bullet train worth building?
How about a bullet for whoever wrote this article, Angela?
That's right.
Don't be alarmed if you open your mailbox and find a letter informing you
that your license tag was recently photographed on I-95.
It's just an inquiry from the Florida Department of Transportation,
which is researching the travel habits of those who fly and drive between Miami,
Orlando and Tampa.
Officials want to know if any of those travelers would climb on a proposed bullet train instead.
Of course, what do you do when you get there?
That's the obvious question.
What would you do when you get there since there's such great mass transportation in Tampa,
in Orlando, in Miami, not?
See, one thing that's a little bit difficult about building like underground subways in Florida.
I mean, I don't know if you've noticed that, but when you're like one foot above sea level,
it's a little difficult to build those underground subways unless they're all going to be gigantic tunnels,
like the, whatever it is, Callahan Tunnel, is that what it is in Boston?
What do you know? You've never been there?
No, they have two tunnels, but they have different names, which I find very interesting.
In Boston, the one tunnel is like the Sumner Tunnel going north, I think,
and then coming back into the city from like north of the city from the airport is the Callahan Tunnel,
which why is that?
Why isn't it just like the one one name and it happens to be going both ways?
Sorry, that's too easy.
1043 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
George, or me, or whoever it is, you can tell you're a big fat fucking atheist.
He has no right to talk religion because he is a baguette and he is not representative of our thinking.
Tonight, get ready for a show that will have the critics talking.
Oh God, check out that speedo.
He does fill it out nicely.
Oh God, just think it.
Oh God, if he started it around, I'd like to give him out some out.
Oh God, I'd like to save him and look at his blood.
Oh God, look at the torso.
He's home.
Give you watch tonight.
I turned my radio on the other day and got Uncle Nibb's program, whatever it was.
It is the filthiest thing I've ever heard in my life.
It's a children were around, it's horrifying, I'm surprised.
It's a producer, you let that go on the air.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the help there.
I wish to rectify that and do something about it.
I'm taking God's name in vain and it's classified women.
Well, I wouldn't even mention that.
Thank you very much.
I like it.
I like it.
1049 at WYOD.
We have an open line at day 6229463.
A lot of uptight old parts here.
Now they're really going to be pissed off because the moths is like, uh,
how it's just insane.
It's just ridiculous.
How can you afford to go eat at the Emerald Coast and go hopping all that
for those third and fourth and fifth and sixth,
helping's off the buffet?
If you, uh, how can you afford that if you got to pay 1295 for a stinking five pound box of
moths, uh, huh?
And like I said before, who the hell needs moths?
It tastes like cardboard.
Unless, of course, you slather it with butter and a lot of salt to get your blood pressure
way up.
And maybe some strawberry preserve sounds really good.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
You know, I hope this doesn't draw an out till September.
This, uh, these long abides because I think that killed the last four months of
the show.
Yeah, but Phil was leaving the market.
I know that's what I'm saying.
You're not.
That's right.
You're just moving.
So there's nothing to say.
There's nothing to say.
And he's people like he's writing these articles day after day after day.
Filling up the Miami Herald as if there's nothing else in the world going on and trying to stir
up a bunch of controversy where there isn't really any that exists.
It's pathetic and embarrassing, but it sure kills some good time.
That's right.
Uh, you're gonna, uh, you're gonna talk about the bullet train.
You're gonna speak when I tell you this, but I finally saw the gunfather.
Yeah.
And, uh, the reason being is that I grew up in a highly religious home where the movies were a no-no.
And, but however, now this church has this, uh, thinking that, well, the movies were bad,
but you can see videos at home.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it's a beautiful double standard, but I, whatever.
I mean, I, uh, I walked away from that insanity many, many years ago.
But it was great.
I mean, it was incredible.
I could, you know, and the thing is that I had, I, I hear you all the time.
So I hear all the parts that you were playing.
Right.
And I would, I would see like, um, that guy, um, the producer, when he said he, he can't be made to look ridiculous.
Jack Waltz, yes.
I never knew what I was from when I heard it.
I knew exactly where it was from.
It was great.
I mean, um, and a man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous.
Oh, it was great.
Right.
But, uh, they told me that part two is really good too.
It is.
Uh, that something we would say that it's better than part one.
I would not say that, but it's great.
Does it go farther back?
Yes.
Yeah, it's well, wouldn't it see part, the best way to do it is to get the video where it's all in chronological order with parts one, two, and three in a row.
Right, the trilogy.
So on a day when you're like really bored and you got about 15 hours when it's pouring down right outside, you just sit down and they get about a 25 pack and then enjoy it.
I can't do that.
I can't sit for that long.
No way.
Hey, you knew I just wanted to mention something.
It was funny.
You were just mentioning that, you know, you're trying to make a living and, uh, and you know, you're making good money.
And then you say the word thank God.
And it's really funny how you just plugged that in and, uh, you really don't believe it, God, but yet you thank him.
It's a matter of speech.
I'm not thanking anybody.
It's an expression.
What do you mean it's an expression?
Just like when you say God dang it, it's just an expression.
There's nothing you do with any God.
Just an expression of a sentiment.
That's all.
It's like if you say, Acha, Peaky, it doesn't have anything to do with Acha or Peaky.
It's just an expression.
Okay.
You feel good about that?
About what?
About saying that?
Do I feel good about it?
Yeah.
It's just part of speech.
What does that mean?
Do I feel good about it?
Do you feel good about whatever you just said?
Yeah.
What, what, based on what?
What is there to feel good or bad about?
Or having a conversation?
I know we are.
Yeah.
But I just, so you're trying to inject a guy, see, one minute you're telling me that you've, that you've gotten away from this brainwashing and his God bullcrap.
And now you're giving me a lecture on the use of the word God.
No, I'm not giving you a lecture.
I just think it's comical.
Why?
Everybody says that.
It's just a manner of speech.
It doesn't have anything to do with anything.
Thank God.
I would have gone for a lot of time.
I'll say thank the Lord.
It's just being sarcastic.
That's all.
Okay.
Well, hey, you know, by the way, I didn't say I've got away from the God concept.
I just got a little...
Oh, please.
Get, you know, I mean, you've made a first good step.
Now take another little step.
You know, pretty soon you'll be walking.
Have a great day, pal.
And God bless you.
God bless you, my child.
Oh, thank God.
That that, I mean, that...
But that that calls over.
But how does he know which God you're talking about?
Well, that's the point.
That's the whole point.
It's just it's a word.
All these God people, I can't even begin to tell you what it is or he is or she is.
And with this God stuff, enough with the God bull crap already.
Will you?
What an insult to the whole concept of there being a God that there could be a God responsible for this?
Even for this place, just look what we went through here the last six months.
There could be a God and we could go through this.
Oh, my goodness.
Open line of day at 622-9463, 622-2W-1 in Broward, 767-9463.
Here is Miami on a mobile.
Hello.
Nailed the real deal.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm trying to put it on a...
I'm trying to put it on a...
Who's it? You?
I'm wondering where that guy was headed.
He was being all nice to you.
Oh, yeah.
The Godfather there.
And then, then, then he comes up with this...
How are you saying Godfather?
Yeah, does it make you feel good to say that?
What does that mean?
Does it make me feel good to say it?
No, it does not.
I didn't understand what...
I mean, if I want to feel good instantly, I'll just take a pill now.
I mean, who needs to say thank God?
Maybe that's a good God.
And then, if you take the pill, then you say, a good God, that's good.
Maybe that's a good topic for the day.
God.
Now, let's stay away from that.
Anyways, what I really thought...
Or Bud Pax and one or the other.
What I really thought...
What I really thought...
What I really thought...
What I really thought about Neo was...
The heat.
Indutory against...
Inking them.
And the pistons also.
You know, they got a W last night.
Yeah.
So, who cares?
Whoa!
I'm just kidding.
I mean, don't feel bad, but nobody cares.
I mean, I'm happy to hear that.
That's wonderful.
Did everybody wait for the playoffs to get excited?
What's going on?
They're not going to get excited.
Don't you get it?
I mean, you're a little slow on the uptake.
They don't care.
I don't know.
I don't...
I don't get it.
It's not a sports town.
They don't care.
And everybody's all worked up because we played six games with the Marlins.
And we've had great crowds.
And everybody is pretending to be real enthused.
We'll see.
I'm reserving judgment because we're obviously not going to win five out of every six.
We're going to have some rough spots there ahead.
And who knows what's going to happen with this team.
Well, the football drafts coming up.
Anyway.
There you go.
Football draft.
Now we're talking.
Now there's something that Kimba can sick his teeth into.
There we go.
You're really a focus.
One more thing, Neo.
Neo.
Yes, I'm here.
Okay, I just want to...
I hope you weren't going to hang up.
No, you're supposed to say...
Neo, you are God.
Yes.
But do you feel good when you say that?
I feel real good.
Okay.
What about you, God?
I feel anything I can, yes?
Speaking of Pittsburgh hockey team, when you have these lines of Francis Lemieux and
Younger, that is the most potent line in the NHL.
Is that correct?
They're pretty potent to me.
Does that mean Tom Cruise can't play with them?
That's right.
I have a request.
I don't know if Tom wants to play with them.
What is it?
It may not be his type.
Can I request something, please?
What?
Macho man.
Okay.
You'll be gotten it.
I think you're very much kneel.
You have a great take.
Good luck over there down to the aisle.
Thanks a lot.
God bless you.
You had better little penguins.
Look at the penguins break out.
They've got a chance.
They're here.
Come six on the right side.
The Canadian is trying to close it down.
His place got him in open here.
Far.
Sydney, get started.
Still bar.
Slayles the goal.
And the penguins lay ten or nothing.
I'll never teach a penguins sing.
Still bar.
We have an open line at Broward.
767-946-3767-W-I-O-D on a really great day.
I would like to have Ellie Brecker call in here today,
so I can hang up on her on the ear.
I mean, what is wrong with this woman?
Okay.
What is this story?
Where did she all of a sudden get involved with Barry Jackson?
They're like a tandem team, the two of them now.
What is this story with those two like working on this thing?
Morning, noon and night.
Even George gets a call last night from Eleanor Brecher from the Harold.
Where did she get your number number one?
And number two, what else you want from you?
What are you going to tell her?
What the hell do you know?
Nothing.
That's what I told her.
Lire.
I don't know nothing.
Lire.
1057-W-I-O-D on a burning hell now.
Lire.
George knows everything.
Okay.
He knows it all.
Don't believe a word of it when he says,
you're going to burn in purgatory.
You're going to be doing a hot day.
That's salsa thing forever for the rest of your life.
Right there in the end between a thing in a heart place.
Good morning.
It's 11 o'clock.
I'm Lisa Leopier.
Here's what's happening.
Three people are seriously injured after a waste water management helicopter crashes
at Palm Beach International Airport.
One other person on the choppers.
Okay. No word on what caused that crash.
Florida Marine Patrol investigators continue looking over a home videotape of Sunday's
boating accident on the Fort Lauderdale intercostal.
It's hope the video will shed some light on the accident.
Crucia passengers who survived a deadly fire on board the Vista Fjord are headed back home
without going on their European cruise.
Canard cruise lines has canceled the voyage to repair damaged cause by the blaze,
which is being blamed on an electrical short circuit.
NASA officials keeping a close eye on the wind this morning as they wait for the shuttle
Columbia's return to Kennedy Space Center and the money part of the Elizabeth Taylor
Larry Fortensky divorce is finally final.
Taylor's lawyers won't say how much he's getting, but they do say that if he's careful
and lives the kind of lifestyle he was living before he was married to Taylor,
he could be set for life.
Long me $50.
Probably Sunday's guys today is like chance of showers.
There's thunder showers.
Hinder 84 currently 77 degrees.
You're late.
This guy's by traffic report brought to you by Dianetics and accident with injuries in
day County Southbound 95 at Southwest 25th Road.
Also North Kendall Drive an accident there at Southwest 89th Avenue and Northbound 95
at the entrance ramp to Westbound 836.
When life becomes a battleground your mind is your best weapon.
Read more about it in Elrond Hubbard's World of Claim book Dianetics available at 120
Heraldo Coral Cables and you're up to date.
I'm Lisa Lupari on 610 W I O D.
The radio station co-owned by Chico's bail barn.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Neil Rogers.
Oh yeah, so much a man ready to save it buddy.
I got to feel that buddy buddy.
Oh yeah, touch this buddy buddy.
Oh yeah, I said buddy.
You got to touch this buddy buddy.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, come cruise.
He wants to be a macho man making baminos when the cold kid man.
Duck and boots in the morning.
Go, come, go.
Don't lose it now.
You better go slow.
He's on top because he's a macho man.
In the courses, put it in, put it in.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Don't pull out, man.
All right.
You got to leave it in.
Don't pull out, man.
Squirt, Squirt.
You got to leave it in.
Macho, macho man.
Tom Cruise wants to be a macho man.
Macho, macho man.
Oh yeah, he wants to be a macho man.
Oh yeah.
1103 at W.O.D.
Here's the facts from the LP gang at LP Auto Sales in Miramar.
Miramar.
Maybe this guy had a contact them and they get him a job fixing up East Miramar.
Are they in West?
They're on, I don't know where they are.
They're in Miramar.
Thanks guys.
Look at that.
Nice thing with it.
It says goodbye, bud.
Here's a great fact.
It's the top 10 Jeff Rimmer cliches who are during any Panthers game.
Should I read these now?
Should I wait till Friday?
Otherwise, he might not show up Thursday getting very sensitive and emotional as old age.
I'll tell you that boy, very thin skinned.
Very too much working with that Denise.
I think it's rubbing off very thin skinned.
Number 10, Dave Lowry in full flight.
And by the way, it wasn't Dave Lowry.
It scored that picture poster.
A goal that was Billy Lindsay against the Bruins, Kimba.
I just mentioned that for the 10th time.
Stop talking about hockey, Kimba.
I'm embarrassed for you.
You know, nothing.
You wouldn't know a hockey puck from 45 pounds of Mata.
Number nine, Murphy can't keep it in his own.
Number eight, blank to blank.
The pass fails to click.
Use any players name to fill into blanks.
Number seven, Gustavson sends it off the dasher.
And here comes Prancer, too.
I hate that word, dasher.
Oh, do I hate that?
The dasher.
Oh, God, River.
Number six, Melonby is ridden off the play.
Number five, all my, even to Kenberg's embarrassed.
Number four, young Robbie Nita, my around a two game scoring streak.
Number three, Lindsay dances across the line.
Oh, by the way, speaking of dancing, the greatest spot.
Pepsi always has the best spots.
Have you seen the one with the dancing beers?
Were they doing the village people?
You haven't seen that?
And the old guy looks through this and this old town in the middle of nowhere.
And the guy, the old fart, looks through the window.
He pulls the blinds either.
Oh, it's going to really be hell if they ever learn the Macarena.
It's, oh, God, it's great.
Nice go at Pepsi.
I'm buying that Pepsi stock.
I'm dumping that Wayne that ball headed geek.
Number two, Chris Wells, improving every game.
And the top, Jeff Rumor-Cleashay heard during any Panther game.
Number one, Chris Wells, a healthy scratch.
Oh!
Thank you, well-mitch and Glenn in Broward County.
Getting some good faxes here today.
That's what it's all about.
That's what it's all about.
Ellie Brecker and whatever his name was, Barry Johnson.
That's what it's all about.
He's getting good faxes.
The call suck, but the faxes are great.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first time call.
Well, actually, second time.
First time I mentioned that B word over here in my house.
You're putting a toilet.
Yeah.
But I just wanted to call.
What is your gutting that station?
I have to admit that, maybe.
Well, I doubt gutted out.
Yeah, the last Phil Henry, he was one of the best talents I've heard.
I've gone from Wisconsin myself.
I've been down here for about 10 years now, and I've been listening to you guys faithfully.
Yeah.
What's the call numbers or what's the dial number going to be where you're moving?
Yeah, I can't say 560WQA.
I mean, is that for going to be for months now?
They're going to get pissed off here.
I'm a slow learner.
I'm still on the payroll here at 610W.
What is IOD?
I got a retrain my dial here because it's locked on to you right now.
But we're going to have to remove that lock because...
Yeah, get that lock off of there.
Just like a chest any belt.
Get that lock off.
Yeah, you've got it.
I just heard you mentioned that we lost Phil for four months.
Is there any possibility?
Maybe he's coming back in the area.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure he's coming back to this outfit.
Yeah, he wants to work here.
Well, I'll let that out for maybe you guys to get together and get back on to other places you can't met.
I don't think Phil Henry's coming back to this horse in Buggy Town.
I couldn't be wrong about that.
But if he's smart, he's making a big time.
Boy, they lost a good talent when they lost.
Yeah, you can say that again.
Yeah, they just kind of slipped through the crack.
You know how that goes.
Now they're going to lose another one when they lose you.
Yeah, well, this guy here, he was just like the other paper, I guess.
Evidently.
Well, you have a good one Neal and I'll be listening to him.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
See you.
Open line and Broward at what is that number in Broward?
7679-463-767-WID.
Don't be playing those jingles either way.
Don't be young.
See that don't even have no calendars on it.
Thank you so much.
Oh, thank God.
Thank you.
There he said it again.
Does it make you feel better when you say that?
I don't think so.
Don't make me feel no better.
No worse.
It's just like words.
Okay, sticks and stones will break.
But don't tell the FCC that.
Don't tell buddy but that sticks and stones.
But those words because we got to cover our ass.
You know how that goes?
We got to cover our ass to make it look good.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Congratulations.
I'm a 20-year listener.
And I think it's great what's going on there.
I think it's sensational.
I think the only thing I want to say is that people know what a tremendous talk host you are
when it comes to issues, although I don't really miss that very much.
Yes, through that.
Yeah.
Now the next thing we need to do is move Mandage up into the hammer spot.
And I think that'll really ever happen.
That's it.
It just starts to run to pots.
It starts to start in trouble now.
I think I get the ear mandage anymore.
Yeah.
Now the only thing that really intrigues me about buddy-paction is how come there an advertisement
that churches are in topology on your station?
Long me 50 dollars.
Because they're paying big bucks for it.
Uh, okay.
They'll take anything.
Interesting, isn't it?
Thanks, Dale.
Okay.
See ya.
What's wrong with Elrond Hubov anyway?
We have an open line at day at 62294636222YOD.
Here's a mobile in Miami at a Broward line.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the hockey game last night?
I saw some of the Flyer game.
I saw some of the Hartford game.
Wow, wow, wow.
Was that a game Hartford and Buffalo?
As Jeff Sanderson scores two goals in the third period to Hartford wins?
And that was really something.
I was watching the Ranger game.
Which game are you talking about?
The Ranger game.
They had a commercial drawing yet.
Couldn't you just smell in that game though?
And the Rangers just got on fire and they scored those, uh, they scored like three goals
in about five seconds.
There was just unbelievable.
Yeah, I was rooting for Philly, but.
Well, anybody-
But you had to like the cheap shot that Lindross took its olfie there at the end of the game.
That was good.
And when the game was over and he like whacked them right in the head and old Samuelsen just
lay there on the ice.
I was given a standing salute.
I loved it.
I love it too.
But they had a commercial that they were throwing.
I feel like the commercial was about except that they were throwing Canadians on the ice.
Like we were throwing rats.
Yeah.
And they just started throwing Canadians as flopping around on the ice.
Yeah.
I love it.
I also saw a part of that game too.
Much Yabby Tionators 2-1.
Boy, you get down to this part of the season and all these teams, especially in the Eastern
Conference, right on pins and needles like all within a point or two going for that last
response there.
It's great.
It's dynamite.
Well, we got to put something in the panthers' water.
We got to catch them on fire.
Yeah, right.
Let's go.
Okay, you bring the matches, pal.
See you.
See you.
We have an open line in Broward, 7679-463-766.
How many matches does it take to ignite the panthers?
That's our question today.
How much of a fire do we have to light deep underneath there?
ired
We got a tough assignment here, man.
We got New Jersey, and we got Pittsburgh Wednesday and Friday this week.
The last 2 Home games, the last 2 games of the regular season, and 2 really on fire teams
at the moment.
And I'll tell you one thing.
We better damn well win one of them.
We got the Rangers hovering right on our spectrum.
Only one point behind.
and of course Pittsburgh has still got the gotta get the night in fact after
night there will be like two points behind most likely a one point behind i'm
sorry
because they're going to be to crap out of the ruins in Pittsburgh tonight you
can take that right to the bank
here's hollywood hello
you know yes sir
hey how you doing great
uh... i have a question for you talking about the act can't die it
i am the only act inside uh... when pass office coming up
can any months
i don't eat much
yeah be ready much i don't know let me say it again i don't eat
matsu and i don't celebrate peace of
hanaca or i do celebrate poor my doing the home in torsion
uh... the good stuff
yeah
but the way the best of the most of the over at locks haven
at those are little supermarkets
yeah
a dollar something about
never not for five pounds
five pounds early like uh...
for something
boy they're gonna be mob now
i know that all the all the old people from the beach all the old yet so they're
under beach where's the place
uh... it's called locked saven there's three of them one in north mami beach one
in brower to one somewhere down south
all right
it
i sure hope they're not trade
not a chance okay
okay there's a real deal for you
we have all the power lines open seven seven six seven nine four six three
seven six seven w i o d
as we get ready for pay soft and i'm gonna tell you right now when we get real
close to pay soft at that point you can stay home you can play the tarantella
all day long
because i'm telling you there ain't nobody on these phones
what is this
oh this is a osolomio
oh mama mia
mia
and i bet you two vocal too you think
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
sounds like a lot with a speech defect to me
be all the bridge
now he's going in english get out of here
anyway we have to uh... brower lines wide open seven six seven nine four six
three not looking too good buried jackson was right i think i think he had a good point
wains pissed off we don't know about what yet but he's pissed off here's my
m e hello
new yes sir
i thought i was gonna fall asleep very way to so long
how you doing
raid
i got a topic for you
as a couple weeks ago this guy got a definite electric chair remember that
yeah the flames flying out of his head
like that was wrong with that you believe he's packed your head you
trying to come up with new rules now to make sure they don't suffer well
oh yeah we have to kill him lightly don't you remember my deep high thought they
talked about killing the frogs lightly we have to kill his murderers lightly
i say uh... more power to us i see let's see the flames shooting out of the
top of the building i had an argument with the bloodhead who's actually some kind
of uh... something she feels sorry for the guy i don't i do feel sorry for the
person he was like doing or something and stabbing in the head right that's
right i mean like you know these but you know you don't you go you can decide
if it's maybe gonna die or live i said the right he's right also we said shot
something like that he watched the reds game the other night
we have an open line and date six two two two w i o d we have two and brownered seven six
seven nine four six three let's hear from all those bleeding hearts let's get a
topic going here about uh... the death penalty that's original
see that's what happened i hate to break the news to walters say but with all
these other experts who think they know something about this business the problem
with topic radio is that there's only like ten topics and they've all been butchered
capital punishment all portion the faggot's the uh... you know they're all done they're
all done maybe they've been twisted and yanked and turned and pulled and chewed and spit out
the liberals against the conservatives and the contrived controversy give me a break already
okay it's dead meat it's done it's history as mary shallon burger would say at
pop it up our it's history by the way it's this way mary here's the finish line over here sweet art
it's eleven fourteen and w i o d six times w i o d about his functional is al
back at
I slip in borders into that x-ray dead machine
Long me fifty dollars
They got a funny looking guy who carries a mop
And as long as you got cash you're always on top
A lot of things at five breaks and girl at magazines
I'm the master of disaster when it comes to my domain
I choke it, I stroke it, it gets a sore I soak it
I try and eat hard, I can't rise a vomit
Or case what it is every time it's fifty cents
But I like it, I love it
I want some more of it
Oh yeah
I wanted it
I wanted it
Are you sure?
I wanted it
1118 and WIOD we have an open-line at Broward
7679 463
767 WIOD
It's a great Tuesday, man
It is one of the best days of my life, I'll tell you that right now
I can feel it, I can smell it, I can hear it
Thank God, it's Tuesday
Did that make me feel better saying that?
Yes, as a matter of fact
God didn't have nothing to do with it, but maybe
No, God
Did
Here's Miami, hello
Neo, how you doing?
Great, hey on Sunday night I went over to Bob Rubino's on the Beast Pull of Art
See?
The average age in that show was 150
On, oh on Hellneil Beach Bullock
Man, I'm so proud of you, man
I guess these were the people that didn't have their teeth in a glass
Kind of hard to chew those ribs with your gums
Man, I have a lot of blue hair and that joint
Hey, the other day
Or are you expecting a bunch of teenagers in the hell andale?
Man, okay
The other night you're the under-humpershaw
You got underneath-potman
Now why won't I get up on your show?
Who?
The knees-potman
I don't want them on this show
We have rimmer on this show
Who the hell wants the knees?
Well, I can have the rimman
That's a good reason
I will tell you really, really happy
What is it?
I was actually going to QEM but I guess now I know, huh?
And when's your first day over there?
I have no idea
Yes, nice idea
You're probably either October 1st or January 1st, one or the other
Either way, I'll tell you your first-
Whichever comes first
Either way, I follow you from here to eternity
Okay, pal
One more thing
Jess?
I want to thank my friend Victor for picking up my pillow yesterday
And I want to call him a douchebag
Okay, I'll stick K as me this
Kari Neal?
Yes
I'll be going to have a whole-mice advantage or what?
Don't look good
Doesn't look good
Don't look good, man
We better pray for our miracle
Hey, is George going with you over or what?
Jess he is
Yeah, so are we working for Baldi now?
Huh?
Are you working for Baldi?
Baldi don't own that station
Oh, thank God for that
Baldi's got nothing to do with what I inspired
Don't get influenced by this very Jackson guy
Baldi ain't going to try to control what I say, okay?
Oh, that's very good then
I'll be listening to you over there
Okay, pal
I'll be going to you over there
Wow, emotional
They're emotional, man
They're all worked up
They're going wherever I'm going
That's their follow me like the Pied Piper
We have an open line at day 6229463 like the Pied Viper
And speaking of that, by the way
Here's some real shmals for Paisa, in Italian
Hey, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
And they were all singing this
These derga
And it was the last one, but boy it went down smooth
Two open lines in Broward, so kind of like the altar boys
7679463
7672 IOD
Here's a mobile in a four-letter deal, hello
Hey, good morning, Neil
When is Diaz?
Got a quick pork report for you
For the Latina, see?
Self-bound turnpike between commercial and sunrise
And the bushes with his radar gun
All right
Hey, I got you the phone, I got a quick stew barn report for you
Yes, sir?
My wife had our baby at West Bokeh Medical Center company
Your wife had stew barns, baby?
No, don't know ours
But the lady taking the nurse taking care of her since stew barns
Substained in the same room when his wife gave birth
How do you like that?
And she said again
And may your first child be a masculine child
And I slept in the same cottage in there
All right
How about that?
I hope it rubs off
I definitely did
I'll see you in Pittsburgh
Thanks
Okay pal, there's a guy on his way to be out, he's on a way to be a penguin
Beware the penguins
I love that Pepsi spot with the Dancing Bear as man, that is the best
The best, they're doing a while there at the YMCA, they're doing the village people thing
And the guy says, God help us, you know what he said? He didn't say God help us, did he?
I think he said heaven help us, they don't want to say God in those spots
Even though, oh no, it wasn't Pepsi, it was who was it with the spots with the religion
What was that?
Snickers?
Wasn't it with the Snickers Bar that they were eating in there because they had all the time
For all the Getskis that were coming in there doing the prayers in the locker room with Snickers
Love those Snickers Bar as man, they'll kill you, those Snickers ice cream cones man, those are great too
They'll kill you, but go buy a bunch because we love their spots, we love those heathen spots
That have the balls to come on there and just thumb their nose at all this bull crap
Two open lines in Broward, 767 where they don't have the balls to thumb their nose at anything in Broward
They're thumbing it, here's Miramar in a mobile hello
Neil, yes sir, when is Diaz?
Father of talk radio
Yes I am, the great grandfather
Father of talk radio
You were talking about the Godfather Trilogy, Neil, that's a great experience to stay home and watch all the crew
That's right, and I would do it again, I just rented Mission Impossible and I've heard so much about it with Tom
The crews remain cool
Oh no
And it blew
Of course, how can you get sucked into that?
I don't know Neil, it was terrible, what a waste
Yeah, what a waste
Tom Cruise hasn't made a good movie since Jack Nicholson was a child
Neil, I'd like to say one thing and then get a request
Yes
Learning to spell with Darnel, the man of the father of Ebonix, here's some of him
And in regards to putty but tracks to putty buttaxion, go praise the Lord, unbelievable
Okay, God bless you
Oh he just sneezed, we have an open line on the mobile on purple line, pound out
He wouldn't have to be something if he could say God bless you to somebody, then they would sneeze
Now then you'd accomplish something
This is learning to spell with Darnel, I'll be Darnel Jackson and today we're going to spell the word broken
Spellig with me now, broken, BR-O-K-E-N
Now, let's use it in a sentence
So I says to the coach, I say it's man, that broken show throw a football
This is learning to spell with Darnel, I'll be Darnel Jackson
Yeah, leave a total of two people out there in Oakland, California to finally wise America up and make us realize that there happened to be a few illiterate black people out there
Took us a long time to figure that out but there just might be
Here's Walton, Massachusetts, hello
Neil, how you doing?
Great, here's Boston
Yeah, yeah, now I'm off the radio and I'm just going to school here
And what made your university of higher learning?
Bentley College
Bentley College, all right
Yeah, now you're talking one of the 50,000 institutions there in the Boston area
Yeah, we need a couple of institutions, especially for the Cardinal up there
I noticed David closed down the last strip, joined up there in Boston, everything's getting closed down
Well, everything's closed, that's far over
That's right, I mean everything, so they're trying to reform the city, good luck
Yeah, good luck to them
Anyway, they only knew what was going on at MIT and Cambridge, they're all doing each other
So, Nutty, please
Anyway, I was at the Panther game this weekend up here in Boston
Sorry to hear that
I agree with you, can't cheer when there's nothing to cheer for
Oh, that was pathetic, that was one of the all-time worst, that performance Saturday
And then Chris Wells get that bonehead spearing penalty and a game is conduct
Which takes that one slot on the, which he shouldn't have been in line up anyway
But it takes that slot on a lineup and just vacates it and now what do we got?
We got Kirk Muller, a dead man out there
What is the story? I mean, was this team going out there just looking for fights or what was the story?
Two minutes into the game, we had a five minute major
Well, if you're not playing good, at least to beat the crap out of them
Just like Eric at the end of that game last night, they lost the game
So he figures at least I'll get Old Samuelson and give him a cheap shot and put his ass on the guys
And nice going, Eric
Jovenaske killed the, I forgot who it was that he was fighting
Ajay's was it?
I think it was Millett maybe
Oh yeah, right
He killed the guys, got him off the ice, it was
What's about time, Eddie, want to fight with somebody?
Hey
Eddie Cain, we'll win a fight with his girlfriend lately
At least they got on the plane and Logan having accomplished the win at something
That's right
So anyway, we're hanging on by our thumbnails, man
It's not looking good
I think we're borrowing Stu Barnes from Pittsburgh for tomorrow night's game just for the hell of it
And Nilo, just getting you saw those stupid flags on the cars down in Florida
Yeah
Don't have to worry about too many of those right now, man
There's about three of them left
They told that guy, they should sell it with the monster, real discount
Okay
Alright
Don Swinney is God
You got it
See you pal
Bye-bye
Here's a call from Waltham Mass
What a great place that is Boston, huh?
They can't screw that city up no matter how hard they try, that's a place
Quincy Market
And what else?
Quincy Market and Quincy Market, I guess that's basically all that's left
They did it, everything else is gone
Adventure car hop, that's gone, Arnie Ginsburg is gone
Jerry Williams, they relegated to the weekends at RKO
No more Dick Siong with that stupid dating show
No more nothing
Boston used to be so great, used to have schmals
Now it's like basically, that's it
Quincy Market
And you know something, the food, they got good fried clam strips
You like fried clams?
Oh boy, they got good ones up there, they got good chowda
But you have to say chowda
Chowda
Chowda
No, not good
That was the spit version of it, okay?
And don't believe it when George says he knows nothing, okay?
It's lying to you
We have an open line at date, 6, 2, 3, 9, 4, 6, 3
I want to tell you right now, we haven't had so much good times in a long time
We haven't had this much of a good time in the years and ages
Because the last year after they sold this joint last May, that was the worst year of my life
And everybody else in Phil Henry almost blew his brains out
That was a bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, several months
And then it got really worse, because then the sale took place
And we had the honeymoon period, which lasted about five minutes
And we thought, oh boy isn't this going to be great now?
Refuse to listen to what everybody else told me and guess what they were all right
1128 at WIOD, let me tell you
16 WIOD
New York
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I've been like some reject transvestite, Rodman You don't have to show up for all your fans, Rodman Please do not eat your foot at my pecans
You are the king of the world, I like it I like it Love of 33 at W I O D, the Dennis Rodman fan club, it
effect that the people who actually admire him and like him and recognize him as a human being is kind of a frightening thought, ain't it? Dear God? Oh, he said it again
Two open lines and dated six, two, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, W I O D Don't play that
Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. You with me. I'm with you. Oh, hey, good afternoon to you.
Witness the morning. Okay, great. I wish you all the best luck in your move. Thanks. Okay, I've been following you since today's Zeta.
All right. We've stepped on there, huh? Yeah, we did. Yeah. What happened with that? How come we moved away from there? How come we moved away from there? Yeah.
Yeah, because we moved away from America's life goes on like isn't well out more money. Oh, there you go.
Good for you. Show me that money, baby. Yeah. Show me the color of it like in real green. Right. Real bright green.
But you used to play the radio and play the music and it was a lovely thing.
Yeah, I remember that. Wakes me up with it. Of course you do. Those were the good old days, man. Yeah, because you know how to play music and how come we're sticking on AM.
FM didn't want not to do it. Yeah, it's the money, baby. Like I said, they got the big bucks and I'm there to say yes. I'll take it. Thank you so much.
Where do I sign? I absolutely agree with you. Amen. Take into the bank anyhow. Up in Detroit. The FM. They got talk show with Don and Mike there. Yeah. Right.
I don't know how they get away with saying them. Those guys make money to Don and Mike. Yeah, 150 bucks a week. Okay. Well, Detroit. That's good money. Call us pussy. Yeah.
Hey, Neil. I just want to say hello and wish you good luck and everything. Okay. And keep in touch. Okay. And keep that bed in between the dishes. Okay. God bless. See you. Open line of days. Call us pussy.
Don and Mike. Remember those great days. We rip off Rick and son. Yeah. Well, we know that. Call us pussy. And phone booth challenge. Remember that day? The telephone booth challenge. Oh, man.
I mean, talk about a cheap rip off. I mean, when you rip it off, Rick and suds, what is that? I mean, what is that?
Rip it off, pay phone challenge and calling it telephone booth challenge or something like that. And then having some guy like in Jacksonville, South Carolina.
I love all these syndicated shows. They're on these big markets. They all seem to gravitate to Jacksonville, South Carolina. There must be something there that I don't know about.
It must be really good. Like red necks. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. I guess that means everybody in Detroit must live in a trailer.
They're probably number one. They're number one in Taylor, Michigan. I guarantee you that. They're number one in Taylor, Don and Mike. That's what I just heard. Call us pussy. Okay.
Neil. Yeah. Well, I guess what you move, we're going to have to do a new game show, learning a new spiel with Neil. What does that mean? I don't know. Okay. Just Ram.
Rhymes. Good, though. Anyways, the thing with the guy with the flame shoot out of his head. Yeah. What they should have done is they should have gave the parents a cigar and let them light it off the top of his head. All right.
I like to sympathize with these people. Yeah. Thank goodness. He's dead. Anyways, I have a nice Tuesday. But are you sure? Are you sure? Let's crank it up again just to make sure. Okay, pal.
That's it. Few more flavors. Okay. We have an open line on the out of time line. The world wide line upon Beach Line, the audio net line, the et cetera line. One
magnificent Tuesday. Don't tell me Mary is parking around with that loggy. And is she? Oh my God. Are we ever going to resolve this log today? Are we? This is the 85th copy of this log that they even able to never saw so many logs.
Even John Holmes never saw so many. Here's Tamarack. Hello. That me. Yes, sir. Hey, come on. Hey, good. That's small. See stuff, man. Hey, listen.
There we go. Okay. So anyway, listen, is there going to be any waiting period between this and Q a M or what? We don't know yet. You know yet. There remains to be determined. Oh, you know, I'm a TVA battle of the talk show host. Yeah.
I just want to tell you. Okay. Okay. We have an open line of Broward 7679 463767 W I O D. Thank God that he called. I'm going to keep saying that just for that one guy that thinks that he's out of the religious closet. He's trying to make the big step. He took the big step. He went and saw a movie. So to God Fada. I didn't know no God Fada. I love that. I love that Frankie pentangely. Even if he does sleep with the fishes. I love Frankie pentangely.
He was great. That scene was so great. Yeah, they said Michael call you only did this. That Michael call you only did that. That I said, okay, sure. That was great. We have an open line on the other town line. One, Triple eight 4749. I mean, if you haven't seen the Godfather, it's sitting there waiting for you right now. You dummies. It's sitting there waiting for you right at the where's my movie thing here. It's still playing. I checked it out just to make sure that you bastards can still go. What are you waiting for?
You're waiting for a personal hand engraved the invitation for crying out loud. Where is it? Where's my movie thing? Where's the movie guy for data County? And how come it into playing and groward? What's the what's it with that? Let's see data County. It's at the GCC Intra Coastal eight 3701 Northeast 163rd in North Miami Beach right there on Nevada. Godfather today noon 335 and 710 three showings. What do you be waiting for? How can you understand what the other two?
I'm talking about all these great schmaltz lines, all these great schmaltz characters. You don't know more green from Uranus unless you see the Godfather. And if you don't know more green, you don't know squat. I mean, what the hell is that all about?
People that think that they know something about life and they haven't seen the Godfather. My favorite line in the whole movies when Mo Green said for Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hi, it's Bill. I just moved to Florida and I love it here. I just want to tell you I'm early enjoying your show. Thank you so much, Bill.
I moved here from the West Coast and there's only two things that kind of bothered me. I have more NASCAR news and I've ever had my life.
Oh God. What's the Yahoo factor, man? You got a factor that in. And I'm getting a little freaked out about the prospect of Monday night football starting at 9 o'clock at night on the East Coast.
Yeah, not much productivity going on Tuesday mornings in the East Coast. That's for damn sure. And of course the fact that it starts 9 o'clock on East Coast, it gives them a good, solid three hours to tailgate and get plastered out of their mind so that if you do have it, go to a game on Monday night for a get it, you'll never get out of their alive. That's right.
Well, I just enjoy your show and keep up the good. Thanks a lot, Bill. God bless you and God bless you, man.
Make this tiny Tim said what a tiny Tim say anyway in Christmas Carol. What the hell did tiny Tim say that was such a big deal?
Oh, but I don't think you've got to be saying it no more. Come on one more time, tiny Tim.
Oh, too late. Open line and Broward 7679 463 767 W I O D Ebenezer Scrooge. I think he had the right idea. Forget the monster. That's what he said.
He said, let's eat something. Goish, you're like a Christmas goose. You know what I always said. Don't ever pass up a Christmas goose. In fact, last Christmas, we had somebody in here, but I didn't get it.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello. That's a Christmas goose. I was on the internet last night. Yes. And I found something here. I have it on tape right now. I think you may be able to hear it. I think you'll enjoy it. Okay, Phil Henry, I bet. No better than that.
Her boss, Miranda, son. Absolutely. W ABC. ABC. It's time time, baby. W ABC. Hello again. Here's my best to you. Now there was a guy who was like the Carl the Suze of New York.
41 seconds of him singing Hello again. Oh my God. That just makes my sphincter twitch. They also have on there a thing when Robi Young was fired. Yeah, he was on the air. Spritzing the thing about the Beatles being dead. Yeah. And then they came in and they said to him, you're off the air. He was gone like that. All right. I'm waiting for that. I mean.
So you can collect a big fat check. A big fat one, right? I'll never get that lucky, man. I'll never get paid for five minutes for not working. I just never get that lucky. I've never had any of you. You'll give you two weeks notice and you're gone. Right. Make me work to the last.
To the last miserable second. He squeezed the last ounce of energy. The last blood out of the rock. Absolutely. And you said you and you try to be productive. And no matter how productive you are, the bastards will always say he didn't vote it.
That's right. That's right. He fudged his way through. So to speak. Well, you're going to have to change you from what it said in the paper.
Tell you can have to change your Larry King thing to say low me $500. There you go. Have a great day. Come on. See ya. We have an open line in date. 6229463. We have one in power at 7679463. Thanks to Ellie Brecker and what's his name there? That puts very Jackson for all the free publicity.
Even if most of the info was inaccurate, but who cares? It's the herald or they run in spots on our station. Like I said, we love the herald not.
Not run no spots on this show. Not that they're petty or that they hold a grudge, but they don't run no spots on the neal Roger show. And I'm proud of that.
We may have dionetics. We may have L Ron hubbub, but we sure don't have the freaking Miami herald on this show. Thank the Lord for that. Thank God.
Thank Dick Kapan for that. Remember Dick Kapan. There's a guy. Dick Kapan used to be the publisher of the Miami the editor, whatever the hell he was.
Another far missing a guy. Dick Kapan. He was one of the crusaders against casino gambling like that whole family out there who happened to be in bed with Mickey Harrison and his cruise ships were gambling is okay. It's kosher on the cruise ships. It's a sin if it's in town. Just keep that in mind.
Because the cruise ships, of course, happened to be over there by the port of Miami, which is right by the herald building one herald plans are going to make a lot of money when they clean up that whole area.
Their property value is going to go skyrocketing, which will not offset the downgrading of night, but too bad they'll squeak their way through.
I was alpha champion doing dead. We have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767. I've been in this town 21 years. I've seen him come and go. I've seen the mediocrity. I've seen the cesspool of politics.
I've seen the corruption, the bull crap. I've seen the old people running this town. I seen that just destroying everything that might have been good like spring break, for example, chasing everybody out under the age of 100 out of this town.
I've seen it. I've seen all those crazy old Cubans out there in the domino park playing with the dominoes in singing La Bamba.
And then when they hear the wrong music on the radio, drop it La Bamba every now and then here and there. And by the way, I can smell that stinky cigar all the way through in here. You know who that's going to upset.
We don't want to leave on a bad note with him. Do we? It's not stinky. This is a great cigar. It does smell very good by the way. It's coming right through the vents. What a Ohio. I think it's this cigar. Maybe it's fat boy again.
1145 at W.I.O.D. Boy talk about Yanta. He was in here this morning. Bapapapapa. Wow. He is just wound up like a damn tighter than a snare drum.
And he's going to die. I'm talking. He's going to die unless he stops eating any minute now. Any minute now. We're going to have report that fat boy just croaked unless you stop eating. Stop shoveling all that stuff down your gullet. Will you?
Down your gulliver. By the way, let's just play the let's play the soundtrack from a clockwork orange on here now.
Speaking of me gulliver. I wonder how he's snake is coming. Anyway, it's 11. What? Basil. Right. Basil like Beethoven. Anything with a B as in beat somebody up 1145 at W.I.O.D.
610 W.I.O.D. A. You've done worse. Holy cow. Aaron's coming.
There's always Dan Berzagan.
Oh, Ellen. What's this?
They said that you're coming out. I said Ellen. Critics just shut your mouth. There's no need to be offended. Ellen.
There's no need for suspense. I said Ellen. You are really intense about women in the biblical sense and the whole white world will know it.
Just lick them.
All right.
Because you'll still get more chicks than me. Katie. Please, I'll sing in the blues. I said Katie. Did you hear the good news? I said Ellen. Oh my god.
Where in comfortable shoes but you got to know this one thing. Ellen. Never by yourself. I hear Sandra. Burn hearts come off the shelves. You do anything. Together all to herself. Even fight.
Ellen. Ellen. When you're out on the air. Ellen. Ellen. Don't spit out. You be care. How to see. Congratulations. Get a light.
I'm proud to be gay.
I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay
I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay
I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay
I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay
I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay
That's frightening. What rule does this trying to find. Yeah. vowelet risk hurts hurts hurts hurts doesn't it hurt it hurt me I'm not a dumb
I said W-I-O-D, we have two O-I run my own board.
Well, don't tell them.
Two open lines in the out of town lines.
One triple eight, four seven four nine, four six three,
one triple eight, four seven four, W-I-O-D,
get the call at his right.
Six, ten, W-I-O-D, let's say it.
Six, ten, W-I-O-D.
Oops, just dropped my copy, sorry.
Dropped it on the floor, one moment please.
Oh, God.
God.
It's I-New in the sunshine state.
I'm William Robert Milford, the third with yous from six, ten,
W-I-O-D brought to you by Dianetics.
The hot lead flew through the streets and the blood flowed
in the gutters this morning in Key West.
A fired bartender started shooting up rum runners.
One man dead, one critical, two other customers walking wounded.
Cops have the shooter.
A helicopter crashed first thing this morning
in Palm Beach International Airport.
South Florida Water Management Districts,
a copter crashed at the airfield.
Pilot was talking to the tower when something went wampus.
The helo was an arrow special.
I used to be able to say it, arrow special, A300.
Good bird.
They got five injured all series at St. Mary's in West Palm.
Are you a nail tech?
Do you know someone who is?
Did they go to the artistic nail academy in Pembroke Pines?
Well, guess what?
They might not be a real nail tech.
In fact, the state may have suspended their license
in about 1,500 others for not meeting state standards.
Like that, I don't know.
Like a course requirement.
So they got a bogus diploma in other words.
County Commission really serious about fighting graffiti in
Dade County.
They want to ban the sale of spray paint
and broad tip markers.
One commissioner, this is somebody you voted for, mind you.
He says that graffiti causes crime.
Yeah.
And once with the state highway to part,
what a bunch of bozos.
They got crews out cutting grass on the Palmetto Expressway
today, all the nooks and crannies, right?
And these idiots don't even bother picking up trash
before they start mowing and weed whacking.
So instead of big pieces of trash, what do they got?
Lots of little pieces flying everywhere.
How stupid can you get?
Mix the clouds and sunshine.
They're starting to run up to 82,
partly cloudy nights 71 for a low.
Right now it is 78 degrees.
When life becomes a battleground,
your mind is your best weapon.
Read more about it in Elron Hubbard's
World acclaimed book, Dianetics.
Available at 120 Heroldo in Curl Gables.
I'm William Robert Mule for the third.
When news on 610-W-I-O-D,
here's Sky Spy Traffic.
Hello, Sky Spy Traffic.
Well, it's lunchtime, everybody.
It's going to lunch.
It's going to be slow in all the usual places.
More Sky Spy Traffic later on 610-W-R-R-U-D.
Moral purity is good.
Starting tomorrow.
610-W-I-O-D.
Miami.
Fort Lauderdale.
Nobody repulses you more.
He's like Wayne with more hair.
Do you not think that it's a bummer?
Oi!
When the hell Henry's gone?
Okay.
Say goodbye to Aaron.
Summers.
Say hi to Ron and Ron.
They're gone on work from Texas.
Are you?
That's a matter of facts.
They're gone on work from Texas.
But he'll ain't changing his act.
Texas, upon again Christian Roy.
Registration is he can't be.
He wants to change the stations.
Letters.
W-G-O-T.
Now we'll work from Texas.
Texas.
Texas, he's the plan.
New cars.
Texas.
Texas, we've gone on work from Texas.
Texas, make the sign of the cross.
Eli's coming.
That's the first.
1204 W-I-O-D.
Happy Tuesday to you.
We have an open line in day.
Boy, the hallways are just a blaze
with rumor and innuendo and bap bap bap bap.
In fact, that's going to be the new.
We're just going to have 24 hours.
Get a 90-share easy.
Just get a cassette recorder going in a hallway.
Man, you'll have enough material for another 5,000 shows.
Bap bap bap bap bap.
They're all guessing and speculating.
And this one's coming back.
And this one's going here.
And I think the bottom line is Jim Realey.
He's going to be doing his show.
Really?
Open line in day 6222 W-I-O-D.
220 out of townlines.
1,884-749-463.
1,888-474-W-I-O-D.
Here's Carl Gebel's.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you be?
Great.
Neil, just wanted to say I enjoy your show.
And I'm going to follow you down to the dial.
And also have a shameless request for a prison bitch.
OK, I'll see if we can get a hold of her.
Two open lines in day 6222-9463.
2622W-I-O-D on no request Tuesday.
Here's Dayland.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I heard the news.
You're moving up.
Yeah, no.
It's amazing how time has changed.
Yeah, I'm like the Jefferson's, man.
We're moving on up.
Here you go.
I heard that when I called in, I called it the office.
Yeah, I called in the office.
I was trying to get the new number because I knew you guys
had changed the number.
And I heard that Glenn Hill was trying
to apply for the new position there at the IOD.
Man, that's a good idea.
There you go.
Yeah, bring back the bird.
I'd like to leave more of the bird.
That sounds good to me.
That's it.
And all we need is staying with is Don Johnson and Neil.
Can you do one thing for me before you go?
Can't do it, Pellie.
Can't do it.
Can't do it, Don.
There you go.
Have a good one.
Good luck.
And I hope you make many millions.
OK, thanks.
All right.
So yeah, me too.
Dayd County is open 6229-463622W-I-O-D
is in all three lines in date, which
is quite a predicament for those of us who are here.
It is.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
OK.
Yeah, I just wanted to say that you have a great show.
And I'll follow you wherever you go.
And Aaron Summers sucked in a Brook Daniel suck.
And Ron and Ron.
I'm gonna put a suck in.
Yeah.
Ron and Ron suck.
A lot of sucking going on, man.
Everybody put up for you in a Phil Henry.
OK.
You're gonna put a Henry with number one.
I'm sure that we're coming back.
Huh?
Not, yes.
Ron also have a shameless request.
OK.
Donald Duck getting his balls.
You know, Donald Duck.
I know, I know request Tuesday.
Come on.
Oh my god.
Are you serious about that?
Yeah, the Donald Duck getting his, you know,
Donald Duck's all.
I don't think I can find it.
Oh my god.
I feel so good.
Oh, yeah.
I was so down.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I feel so good.
I just rolled them around.
I'm so good.
Oh, man.
What?
I love it, we do.
Uh-oh, son of a bitch.
Oh, yeah.
Don't move.
I'm gonna get to a towel.
We have two open lines in date.
6229463.
We have one in power at 7679463.
We got the out of town lines going.
We got everything just sitting here waiting for you.
And we're the women today.
Where are the women today?
We had one, I believe, in two hours in the six minutes and 59 seconds, but who's counting.
One woman.
Is that Neil on there again, Billy, it can about the fact that the women will not pick
up that instrument.
They're picking it up, but I'm afraid they're doing something with it and they're too busy
for us.
They won't pick that thing up and give us a call on this momentous day when Ellie Brecker.
I guess she's the only woman in town.
I really just all worked up about this.
Ellie Brecker, if she only had a life, she'd find something else to write about.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you're tired of hearing this, but I'm going to follow you too when you go
to this other station.
Yes.
To this other station?
Yeah.
Right.
And also I'm tired of talking.
Yeah.
I'm tired of these bleeding hearts calling about the electric chair and what a fire it
was.
I hope that they take the next line, turn them upside down and let the flames come out
of his other head.
Right, that's all I want to say.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
There's a gentleman who has the opinions.
We have two open lines in power at 767-463-767-WID.
We have one at day at 622-9463-622-WID.
I sure hope the audience on that other joint is a lot less recalcitrant and a lot more active
in the hyper and then moving and doing it.
I sure have a feeling that it'll be the same people and they'll still be acting the same.
Here's Miami on a mobile.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
First time caller.
Win is afternoon to you.
I have a question for you.
I know, Sam.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I have a question for you.
I can see clearly.
I can see clearly.
I can see clearly.
avoided avoided avoided not in Italian!
OK, here you go.
Hey gay.
Oh, my god.
Hey darling!
Oh, yeah, there is standing right there.
Yes.
This is the name of the listing.
apple-seed jr. Apple see doing the Italian Johnny Apple see
We have an open line and Broward 767-463 767-W-I-O-D
Here's the North Miami. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Just wanted I want to talk to you about your favorite sport Joey Zaza George is why I was thinking of but yes
What is that? Is it hockey? Yeah?
Your favorite sport. Yes, every time I try I try to watch it
They're always dropping the gloves and and going at it
When are they gonna when are they gonna cut the cut the crap?
Meaning what oh
Bed phone
Bed phone
Oh well, oh well
Guess what here's my suggestion for you pal. Don't watch it
We have an open line on the purple line pound ID real pussy. We do many fights in there
Too many fun. Yeah, I got news for it compared to like baseball where they stand there scratching her crotch for an hour and a half in between every bitch
These baseball games the seasons only like six or seven games into it and already the average time of the game is like three and four three and three quarters hours
How long can you sit there before you go into a coma?
I mean talk about ponderous man freaking ponderous on and on and on and all these discussions like that white socks game
I was talking about the the tagger white sock game on Saturday must have lasted 98 hours
Just went on for an eternity
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir, I know you're fed up with talking about your changing radius. I'll talk about whatever you want pal
It's your life. It's a little here. I know you don't believe in the Bible and I've always been kind of skeptical myself. Yes, but
Here we go. It's the Lord's work
Yes, you know, you would expect a book two thousand years old to have a lot of
Missions. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Yeah, and but you know back when I think about the fact that every time
Every time there was a stormer was an act of God
You think that to be written by primitive people who didn't understand what I was going on back then when they thought the earth was
Written on the back of a turtle. Yeah, sitting on two elephants. Yeah in Job
It says God is hanging the earth upon nothing. Yeah, you know, just kind of interesting and also
Two thousand years before what is what does that mean in other words?
You're twisting that and manipulating that to mean whatever had you wanted to mean? Oh, look at that look how bright they were
You know, I've got brilliant. They were it's just interesting that you know, these things are said
You know, you would hear Mike who said that the best thing about you moved to QAM is the fact that none of your listeners
We'll ever have to hear that obnoxious newsreader again. That's what Mike faxes. Yes, sir
What are you trying to say are you giving me another one of these religious pitches now? No?
No, I'm because you're really wasting the energy pad your pitching around God answer here. You know, I'm
Answered to you and answer to what and answer to what well?
Just try to figure out why the Bible is so consistent
You know, I always just only follow crap about stoning or disobedient kids to death is that sound consistent with a loving God
Well, loving God that kept on the juice to go back and finish the job and kill off the men and women and children that they didn't kill in every town
Where the herbs work is that 11 God that you're talking about?
I disagree with that but you know two thousand years before they discovered the earth was round
No, but what will you talk in the same?
Brav just blah blah blah. Pay your balls, but okay get out of here
We have an open line at day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 like a stuck record
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop. Hey listen, just hang your head on it. Okay, and the Bible too
Oh my God
How can I say that? So I shouldn't have said that that other guy'll be calling back now all the religionists are calling it a man
What happened to the is that on a card the Bible says what is that called the book of Brian thing?
Right right what it's called right the Bible says yeah, and that's in there under that. Yeah, it is not
We have two open lines any other timelines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one
Triple eight four seven four W I O damn just tell me it's not in there. Okay, it ain't in there
Here's having sure a hello
Welcome to Bible talk yes, sir
Let's go to a Pemberk Pines. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I am that guy just wanted to know the meaning of life
Uh-huh as an get one. Yeah, I'm to talk to a muddy Python really
Too much Eric idle time for that guy you were you were talking about the Pepsi commercial those are great. Yeah, the dancing bears
Is it the Toyota commercial with the Jap Nissan? What but what are those spots? What are they?
I don't know that the one where it have you seen the one where the dogs?
The guy takes the dog for a ride. Yeah, and they kick us out. Uh-huh great commercial
Anyway, but that's the new thing in TV commercials now is that the commercial has nothing to do with the product
Exactly and you finish watching 30 or 60 seconds and you think boy
That was pretty entertaining and amusing
But what does it have to do with as a matter of fact what was the product, you know?
Have you seen the Troy Ackman commercial?
Which route no the clone no, I have no great commercial
She's doing a she's doing a spot. He's trying to get rid of his
Balls by yeah
Like animals if you see no one with Adam Oats where he's sitting in the bar with a hot broad that any chill spot
Yeah, yeah, right. You're really fooling us Adam
The Ackman spot he's playing like a game of pickup football. Yeah, no pads. It's just a bunch of people playing
I'm he's picking it up and
This this really hot-looking chick tackle from yeah, she she's sacked him
And after a thing the guy's going what is he thinking and he tells the guys okay guys same play
Are you serious? I'm cereal unbelievable. Thank you
Thanks for the good nose
Go ahead um as far as you're lying up. Jim really in the morning. Jazz McCay midday. All right. Yeah
There we go
Same play open-eyed at Howard 7679 463 767 w i o d
Yeah
Receive is better. Why
I have no right
The Raiders gate
They say Troy loves the big brown eye
Ackman
He goes down on his knees ackman
It's guys he likes to please ackman
He loves to snap cowboys on there behind I have no force in
He's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
But is Troy gate I've heard some people say
In the heart will he goes down ackman
He goes down on his knees ackman
I can't some balls to squeeze ackman
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind
Proph 18 and w i o d is Richard Essen from the law firm of Essen Essen's Susnick committed Lipson
Everyone knows that drinking and driving don't mix
Yet last year there were over 51,000 arrests for DUI in the state of Florida
Who gets arrested?
The social drinker who doesn't realize he's impaired
The person with an alcohol problem
What are the consequences? A conviction for DUI may result in a permanent criminal conviction on your record
Suspension of your driver's license
Skyrocketing of your insurance rates and may even result in jail time
With offices in West Palm Beach and Aventura we deal primarily with alcohol related traffic offenses
From Palm Beach to Key West
Call us toll free at 1
Triple eight three zero Essen one
Triple eight three zero Essen. That's one eight eight three zero ESSEN
We are there to protect your rights
610 w i o d is all in your head okay
You
Every good Christian knows it came to mind
It's not so very hard to do
To the god the name of the game is the Bible
There's if you have put it to where we do tell people you know the way
The battle
If I dip to your house
I will say
Take their possessions away
The battle
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe in
I think if you make the Bible say it's true
Follow follow
But no matter what you do you can be good
Because the Lord will always forgive you
Pick up the poison and snake
The Lord knows the way that all the ride
The Bible says find the portioned clinic
The Bible says
And you the doctor down
Everybody cry along with me okay
You'll Roger's got
Come on you will you
Beat the crap out of your kids
The Bible says you're due to rot of the battle
The Bible says you're gonna care from this
The Bible says has to lead the route
The Bible says I'd offer chicken
The Bible says you make a sacrifice
Call 34 W I O D at Paxing Inc here where they lie a lot
We have an opalion on the other timeline
And Broward Rather 7679463 767 W I O D at Paxing Communications
Where they kind of make it up as they go along
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir how are you great sounds like it
Uh I'm just wondering did you get uh G C
We're written into the contract at Q AM
Oh yeah now I got better than that
Did you uh Greg Reed is the general manager over there is uh he lives in Bay
Bay Harbor is it uh or Bay Point
Bay Point
Possible in uh in what in Rikey Eglace he's he bought his house
Oh
So it's in the deal that with the day I start there and Rikey moves in with me
I wanted it yeah
Sounds good that's right um I'm also just curious who do you think we match up better against the uh ranges or the penguins
A lot of people are asking that question and right now I don't think it makes any difference
Especially if you watch the Rangers beat flyers last night
Yeah, uh, I don't think it makes any difference if we're playing like we are right now
It'll gonna be four and out and goodbye and uh good luck to us. I mean uh we're
You know, I just I don't see anything happening and I know last year we were we went into the tank
But I got news for you. I you know, I watched that team play and I saw the dynamics that were involved there
I watched this team play up until about uh the end of November and uh this is not the same team anymore
Confidently poor performance is that that's right. I mean every game in and game out
Um, even as matter of fact there was one point a couple of months ago when we I think we won four in a row
And those were four of the most mediocre wins this franchise has ever had we just got very lucky at that point
We were starting to play poorly then and then it went downhill from there. Yeah, I think our last great game
Was that was it the Buffalo game? No, the the devils game up in New Jersey. That was a great game
We beat him four to one we played well in the Buffalo game
But those two games in the last two two and a half months. I mean how many other games can you say we really played great?
Right
Can I call a couple of you'll do you back? Yes, sir
Bruce and Colby your great big douchebag. Okay pal. Thank you. See you tomorrow nights the big night
We got New Jersey here baby. We better kick some ass
Of course, you don't have to worry about scoring a lot of goals against them because they got a new deal
Now they just don't give up any they just give up the same number every game. Oh, that's right
But uh maybe tomorrow will wake up maybe somebody will light a fire a gigantic forest fire under the rectum of the players on our Panther team
And they'll do it again. They'll shock the hell out of us and maybe Chris Wells will have his ass sitting on the bench again tomorrow
We hope we have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767 w i o d
Always in that lovely. Who's that from Alan Mason?
Isn't that a beautiful thing? What can that be a nice floral arrangement there for George to take home to his lovely wife a beautiful thing of roses
Does that have a card on it somewhere?
Thank you so much Lisa. It's a beautiful beautiful thing. Did I call you Lisa? Well, I call his daughter
Samantha too, her name is Sabrina. Did I called did I really do that?
Leslie? I'm sorry Lisa. I mean like the same difference. You know women
She's there's a card and then like I said, it's a good thing. I didn't call you Lisa Leslie because you can't find the stinkin card
Oh, and you know what else Kim? You know Kim works at that restaurant
Thank you so much and the restaurant that we had the great food from yesterday
And I was giving them a hard time and I forgot about that and I'm thinking of myself
I was driving the last night home from dinner and I'm thinking boy
Kim is gonna hate me like poison now because I was giving him a bunch of crap because the food didn't show up as early as we wanted
And it was well worth waiting for because it turned out to be great
And then I then I read dawned on me. She told me like our see it was hours earlier was so long before that I forgot it
You know me
Lisa, I mean Leslie
And so I'm sorry about that came. I'll never do it again. Oh, we're not getting more food from them. Well like I said
So what is the message on here? What's the deal?
It's from the field of flowers is the flower shop and it's from oh my god Wayne Arnold
I know kind of strange Wayne Arnold sent a me roses in it. Thanks a lot Wayne. Huh? They're red to their red is it yellow?
Thanks Wayne and Marie here is Boka. Hello. Hey, how you doing? They're great
Um, sorry if you have to go man
It leaves one other market. I'm telling you if anybody
Everybody will take care of it. What do you just say? Well, they leave to another market
Who said I'm going to another market? No, if you dead that since you're having you know since you're gonna leave on a 30th
Launch come to Palm Beach
Meaning what does that mean come to Palm Beach radio for what?
I don't know you can help this market it's so poor
Why would I want to go back to work there when I'm going right down the street here to QAM? Why do I want to go to Palm Beach?
So you're gonna go to QAM? Yes
Well, you guys up there better get with it man, and Einstein's got a bad headache too
Ah
Sorry about that man. I'm not having caught up. Okay. Well, I appreciate the information there. There you go pal. Have a great life
Good luck, man. Okay. Thank you, man
I'm gonna went to church with his wife always fell asleep during the sermon. It says I'm not gonna read this
This is probably something really disgusting and sacrilegious. We don't want to do nothing sacrilegious on his show
These people really amused to hell out of me these packs and people they just amused the daylights out of me
Yeah, we're gonna do this and we're gonna do that. Yeah, I have a great life. Okay. Goodbye
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
Going once
Going twice
Hear that holy yet there in the background pop pop pop pop and have a nice life
Open line of dead 6229 463 one in the out of town line one triple eight 4749 463
Here's Coral Springs on a mobile hello
Hey, you know how you doing great
Just the question when you go over to I uh to whatever that place is yet when you go over to Q&A
You're gonna have the same type of show you have here. Yes. I am. Oh, so you're gonna do bets and everything
I'm gonna do exactly the same show only a better. Okay. The same time. Yes, sir
Okay, uh, you played a bit a long time ago. I only heard it once if it was called ass wipes
Yeah
You saw what is it?
ass wipes. Do I still have it?
Do I still have it? Do you have it? Yes
Could you play it?
For all of you who loved our pop-up wipes for babies here's a new pop-up wipe just for adults. Yeah, with it
Hey, ass wipe you talking to me? Yeah, I'm talking to you. What do you want?
An ass wipe you got one sure here you go. Hey, thanks when you're on the go
You don't always have time to wipe thoroughly with toilet paper if at all
That's when you use new ass wipes the moist towel and in the convenient pop-up container honey
You're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly. Did you? Well, I was so darn busy today
I just didn't have the time here. You need an ass wipe. Why ever?
Ass wipes are specially formulated to handle even the most stubborn feco fiasco's and they're sent it to give you that fresh
Just wiped feeling say bell that ass wipe you let me today was a real lifesaver. I don't want it that pop
Understood. Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop digging and scratching
In there for that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle and at minty fresh feeling gave me the confidence
I needed to land the account ass wipes available in your grocers things to wipe your butt with section
Okay, there you go. It's no request to is there but in that case I made an exception because it's a great bit
And we haven't heard in a long time so there you go
We have an open line at day at 622-946-3622-I-O-D where it's 1242 and we're having a great time
Okay, in spite of what anybody says and by the way Eli you're full of it that I mentioned that Eli is full of it
Hi, this is Jim. Love your show. Neil. Love you. Love you
Oh
ah
H
Bullots maybe
I need to grow now it's not so new
It's weird to hold and look to
Jewish with our bald heads and our
bald pink puffings too
Oh, it's Jewish
Jewish, Jewish, Jewish boys, babies can't be striped
No bottoms make me look up a baby
Jewish, Jewish, Jewish boys, Jewish boys, Jewish boys
Hey for several years I've had a living looking this way
I love you, really, miss the way they dress up all the shicks
Us with bestie through many skirts and go-go boats
Now no one really wants to play our records
But I shan't a halalah has any cold, alaylu
Oi!
I'll go baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Okay to try to smooth the nerves, all the very very upset
Old Yiddlaq out there that are getting tired of getting ripped off
for their mots is this year
1295 a five-pound box my ass how do you like that?
We're not taking Ed
1295 for five pounds of mots uh
Recktoe
Exactly
We have an open line in date 629-463
We have one in Broward 767-W-I-O-D
Here's Kendall hello
Neil
Yes sir
Yes, congratulations on your move I think it's going to really work out great
Thank you so much sir I'm counting the milliseconds
I'm counting the moments and the crap in this joint is getting deeper
It's almost up to the ceiling now
I can hear that
Man, oh man you can smell it a hundred miles away
Now I have an important question for you
And what is that sir?
I used to be able to listen to you in Fort Myers, Fort Pierce, and down in Key West
Yes
So is the signal going to perform on the new station
I don't know
We had called Fort Myers I guess it comes in the fine in the day time
Is that right, man? That's what I heard
As far as at night does a single drop as it does on IOD?
Sure
Yeah
Okay uh
Hey, I'm radio man
Well, I've got the uh the GE super uh super three radio
You're you're in
And it seems to work fine but I just didn't know as far as the transmitting power
If you were going to take a drop in the power
I'm not taking no drop in
No drop at all
Oh drop
Okay Neil, love you
We're going to talk louder and hell
Okay
Have a great day
Thank you
See ya
Two open lines in date 622-29-463-622
W-I-O-D
As they continue spreading terror and propaganda and BS
Everywhere they go
It's just unbelievable what goes on here
In this joint
Speaking of joint house Pete Bulgey doing
Haven't seen his ugly pus here today
Haven't seen Heidner here or him
Didn't see Alan Mason come by here to shake our hand and say hey
Best of luck to you
I guess he's busy appiddling propaganda
And hawking a china with that run and Ron show
Which I know they're very fond of and very supportive of too by the way
Here's Miami hello
Neil
Yes sir
Uh
I got a thank you turn me on to hockey and also on the Atkins diet
Yes
I bought the Atkins book but my girlfriend uh she kind of stole it from me
Yeah and I bought a question about it
I know you're supposed to keep your carbs low
And you're protein high
But how about the fatter
You're supposed to watch that
No
You're not supposed to watch it eat as much as you want
Well not as much as you want
But you can eat plenty of fat
Don't worry about fat
This is a myth in America
Dietary fats got nothing to do with fat on your pupix
See
That's the bottom line
Forget about all the mythology about dietary fat
And high cholesterol on another bullcrap
Eat all ladle yourself
Have the butter have the uh whatever you like
All right that's all I want to eat
Eat the steak with the fat on it
Isn't that the best part always in an ice steak
And the fat is like nice and crisp on the outside
Yeah
Oh god just a die for right
Basically
Yeah
Ladle yourself full of it man no problem
All right thanks a lot
Good luck
That's the best part of a nice juicy steak
Is the fat a thick a thick strip of fat
On the outside on the outer edges
And it's just like almost burnt
Not burnt but like crisp
And man oh man a chef
It's will let do it upright
So throw away the uh the must-have
Mons is already will you
Have yourself a nice steak for paysock
What what's the difference
Who's gonna know 5000 years from now
Who's gonna know if you had a steak at paysock time okay
Stop with a bubble my sees already
Stop dovetting over those candles okay
And then gonna make any difference
The herbs are still out of their mind
It's not gonna change your damn thing
Here's Miami hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
How you doing sir
Great
Uh listen I have a spy report
Uh okay
I'm holding on tight
I woke up with uh
With uh like uh
I hang over
Yeah
I'm gonna work so you know
I try to listen to something light
So you know my head just doesn't explode
And I have to wash my window
Uh
I heard
Bless you
Yes
I heard 97.3
The coast
Anna Maria
Anna Maria and somebody else on the coast in the morning yes
Yeah well whoever the hell they are
Yeah
That guy goes uh
Well then your traffic today is packed up and
And then in sports
Well if he can get through the Neil Rogers pictures
Maybe we can uh
You know talk about sports and all this stuff
All right
Great
All right
So I just thought I let you know uh
He's kind of maybe he's jealous
I think he's crying that you leaving you know
This is my day
Well they're not with us anymore
Anyway that's the Cox people the coast
We're already we're already gone from them
And thank you by the way to the Cox people
For selling us to these people
So that I could wind up getting the hell out of here
And go into some real people
And getting some real money
And thank you very much Bob Green
Even though we had nothing to do with it
True
Also Neil
Our sister did it
Yeah right
Tell us again buddy
Yes sir
You you are taking Georgia with you right
Yes we are
Yes please
Well we have to have at least one spick over there man
Yeah man because uh you know
We can't have half of the apple
We got to have the whole thing you know what I mean
That's right
So uh
George said bite this
Yeah
Have a great day amigo
Fucking Neil take care
Are we being airtry?
Bye bye
Ciao
We have an open line in day
It's yeah where's all the women out there today
I don't really want to hear from
But where the hell are they
6-2-2 and I can't believe I call Leslie Lisa
I know her name
Not that I care about it
No she's very nice
Very nice young lady
Of course uh
Much you do you know much made
I mean that whole Rick and Sutts thing
That was kind of
Well I was like a substitute for a show in those days
We were going through a lot of trauma then okay
Who the hell needs a show when you're going through all that trauma
But it's great radio right Ron
And that's right sweetheart it's great radio
It's almost as great radio as when you're open
We just come to the side of the door there
Like during the right in the middle of the show
And she like kind of cracks the door open
And it looks in here and I yell back at her
I got hell of you
Yeah now it pay back as a bit sweet art
One more time
I got hell of you
Oh I love it
Here's a lady in the Hollywood
Hello
Hello
Yes ma'am
How
A lady
You just said you don't want to hear from the women
I was just joking
I was joking
I was only joking
I know I know
I don't believe you because we love you anyway
I just said I don't want to hear from
Goiishu women as well as you
Jewish women I'll talk to any day
Oh you're just
Uh huh
Well anyway
Happy paysock by the way
Happy paysock to you
Don't buy any overpriced motsis
They're killing us
It's a Goiishia belt
They're killing even
Even motsis we can't get it at a fair price
I know
Goiom are destroying us
What can we do
Eat a nice steak
Oh I don't like I like fish
Oh like I said eat a nice fish
Yeah okay
Listen I always am afraid that you want to hang up soon
But first of all I want to congratulate you on your move
Thank you
And I and I thought I have the Miami Hero
I trade off I sometimes take the sun
Sentinel sometimes Miami Hero
That's okay nobody's perfect
No that's right
Especially me
And um
Anyway it wasn't really a nice article
I was so excited
Yeah
Really I was so excited and happy to you
Good I'm ecstatic
And I have one one more
I like I say I'm always thinking you're in a hurry
I am
Okay one other thing I want to tell you that
I think that I don't know if you know maybe do
Do you know that family bank is being bought by Barnett
They are
That's what I heard from Goodsaurus
From a Goodsaurus
Yes
From Goodsaurus
Notsaurus
Sores
They're being bought by Barnett bank
Yes
Along I got to find out if that's true or not
If they are I'm going to blow my brains out
Well that's why I'm telling you because
of you I wanted to go to family bank
And I spoke to someone
And in fact I was afraid to say it over the phone
I don't know for telling me listening to me
I don't know and maybe I shouldn't tell
But somebody from a bank
Do you know me
Okay
But it wasn't somebody from family bank
No
I'll find out the MS I'll get the inside story
I hope so
Okay
All right
Zygazone
Good luck
Happy Paisa
Thanks
See you
See you
Bye
Don't eat no stale mothses
We have two open lines in power
Wouldn't that be bad?
That would be really bad
7679 463
But of course that's the way the business world goes
You know
That's just a rumor at the moment
Which hopefully we'll be able to eliminate that rumor
And it's not true
I pray I hope
Just like the radio business
They're all getting gobbled up
By the same bunch of
Know-nuffins
Just gobbling stuff up
And destroying lives
And destroying stations
Destroying people's entertainment
Destroying properties
Destroying everything
In their path
Like a gigantic big
Like a like big foot
Just tromp
Just plodding on everything in front of it man
Just stopping down with those big ugly grotesque steps
And squishing everything in his path
Just extending their tentacles and testicles as far as they can
And squishing and squeezing everything that they get their glans on
That's what's going on in this business now
And like I told you a year or two ago when I started this grab
This is the end as we know it
This was a disaster
This was an in a move of insanity
By the FCC and those bastards up in congress
Who are supposed to be concerned about the airwaves
And about the public's right in the uh
Me on my right
Give me a break
They couldn't give a crap less about anything now
It's like trading cards
That's all
Like a deck of baseball cards
Here I'll give you an FM over here and I'll give you two stand
It's 101
I'm William Robert Milford III with news from 16
W-I-O-D
Brought to you by beep for me
Neo with 20 locations to serve you
You can't come to church because you'd be trespassing
That's what the Catholic church said today
Oh, a bay actually
They said that to a woman this morning before mass
She has gone to mass at St. Bartholomew's every day for the last 10 years
But today after her child was thrown out of school there
For not attending sex education classes
The family was asked to leave
Said they were trespassing
St. Barthes over at university in Miramar
There is no place to go for this family except court
Father Othul
Have you seen the video of the rescue of the boat
Sinking in Fort Lauderdale on Sunday
Absolutely amazing
Watch out
Go under the barge
People going to the rescue
Coast guard jumping in off their boat to full people out
Those coasties deserve a medal
State Senate passing a bill that says kids up to the age of 15 have to wear a seat belt
Even in the back seat
Right now wear a front seat belt or you pay a $30 fine
No
The state legislature has voted themselves a pay hike
More expensive count up to $67 a day
For their 60 day sessions which comes to a bit of a $4200 a piece
Long me $50
20 up
5
28
Hundred acres of the glades have been burned up since a fire started Sunday afternoon in Palm Beach County
Now in Broward County waiting to get some airtankers in there
A Joe camel billboard near a Northern California high school
Kids at that school got a petition up and they got it moved
Campbell says it was okay where it was
Now replaced by an ice cream billboard and the space shuttle lands
Right after 230 this afternoon
It's the shortest flight they've had in 15 years
Looks like more clouds than sunshine this afternoon high of 82
Partly cloudy tonight 71 for a low
We got 80 right now on a brand new motor roller renegade
Vieper with a full-year service for only 59 99
Quantities are limited
Vieper Mania date and Broward 387 11 11
I'm William Robert Milford III with news from 610 W I O D
Here's sky spy traffic
Brought to you by minus of South Florida
In Dave County accident with a lane block still working at the Golden Glades
Eastbound Palmetto at Northwest 2nd Avenue
Please still on the scene of an accident northbound 95 at the Dolphin Expressway
An accident and Coral Gable Southbound U.S. 1 at Ponce de Leon Drive
In Broward County injury accident in Hollywood northbound 95
At the Pembroke Road accident Palm Beach accident free
When was the last time you checked your cars breaks suspension exhaust or air conditioning system
Get a thorough inspection and a written estimate from your minus auto systems experts
I'm Paul Pagano 610 W I O D Sky spy traffic
Did your laptop start vibrating?
Sit back and enjoy it
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale
It's the one to two hours
I believe we're ready now, thus
Congratulations, Mr. Jackson
Here's your new baby boy
Would you prefer paper or plastic?
That's the clearest
I can't wait to get your arms your moon
And show you your new pacifier
You're not these redish baby
Oh
What a lovely way to perpetuate my bitter failure
I wanted it
A featured dish baby
Come on
You won't need a grip
Cause I'll cut it up close to beauty
Oh I want you to hold it
Oh the point you can grow up me
You'll get all you're deserving
My love will be unswerving
I'm too late for a team
You'll not be treated as baby
Oh
Come on, so don't get his laugh
He has a game to play with you
Daddy wants you to find the magic friends
105 at W I O D
We have two open lines in both in Broward
7679 463 767
Happy Pace Off
Here's Lake Park
Hello
Yes sir
Good
Do you see the Miami night show
Do I see one?
No I have not
I have a folky
Well folk them
No he needs a guy hold a different format
Different day
That's what I hear now
Somebody we had a spy report the other day
They got a new set and they got the couch
I think it's the old new set the new old set
Because they had that before a long time ago
Yeah but he comes out and he does a little monologue
Oh no
Mark Jacobson is doing a monologue now
He's kind of
Oh my god
Geez
He comes out he looks like he's directing planes
Under the aircraft carrier the way
That would be perfect for him
How much he moves his arms around
Mm-hmm
Maybe he likes to have sunshine
That's it
He's hockin it
Are you turning your back on the other town people
You're not going to be on the other town
We're not
Sure we are
They're on it
The other station is on the other town
Yeah
But they don't have a toll free number throughout the country do they
Well I'm sure that if we if I jump up and down and scream
We'll have a damn toll free number around the country
How do you like that?
I feel them and give you whatever you want
Get on that right away guys
Right over there right now
Like by the end of the hour
I hope you don't get preempted for any early baseball games
Well you know once it a great while
There might be a game that starts at one o'clock
You know something so if I have to leave like an hour earlier someday
Oh what a bad break
Right it's not too bad
What a bad break okay we'll survive all of us
But uh we'll squeak our way through
Panthers I don't know we need to win these last two
Get some momentum going
Oh we sure need to win the one tomorrow night
I'll tell you that because if we don't win the one tomorrow night
It makes the one against Pittsburgh Friday
Like life and death and keep in mind that they got four games left and we've got two
And you know they're going to be fostered in it in Pittsburgh
You just know they're going to beat us not out of the abruans
You can smell it
We've got to jump on it jersey of playing the night and you know we'll catch some one day
We got to jump on it when it gets hands but yeah you know weird stat
We've lost eight of the last nine games and played the ones tonight
Oh great thanks thanks for the good news
It's a weird little stat now
Yeah we got a lot of weird little stats
I think maybe we need to start throwing a cold round
Well it's now or never man tomorrow nights tonight
Let's see if these guys have still got it
Because in the past in the past one thing about this team
I always said up until like uh that trade which I don't want to mention who
But up till that point these guys no matter how far they were behind in the game
No matter what was going on you always had the feeling they could come back
They never gave up they struggled they fought they
But uh that chemistry just hasn't been there
That's where he'd been blowing it's been just the opposite
We've been blowing so many leads like the one of Washington on Sunday
It's just in the last minute last two minutes you can't do that
19 ties is a disaster
It feel like Mario's leaving I know his back but uh
Is because the way the style plays where he just gets beat up
Yeah he doesn't like that and I can't blame him and like I said he's had
You know he had the Hodgkins and he's got a bad back and the recurrent injury and the pain
Who the hell needs it he's already a multi-millionaire
And uh he'll be just fine
I mean you know I'd like to see him play forever
But you got to have some common sense which he does
Yeah kind of like you right
So keep in mind Friday it'll be our last uh
Unless we play him into playoffs
Be our last chance to see Mario here
That's right
They should be lined up 5,000 deep
One thing would you like to see the game opened up a bit
Yes and I think the
Dict needs they need to
Cut back on the stickwork as far as I know what they need to do is go back to the or the last years offside rule and get rid of this
A new offside deal which is a pain in the ass
One of the things that frustrates the hell out of me is a guy you know the team is it look good
It's gonna be a delayed offside and the guy goes into the zone like about two inches over the blue line and brings the puck out
Okay, he's bringing it out but because he touched it inside the line they blow the whistle and oh
I just scream. I see that every game. I see that and I see every time I see it
I sit there and scream and yell at carry on because it's so ponderous the guy is bringing it out already
Okay, what difference does it make and it's just another excuse to slow it down and I just think the stickwork as far as
Hooking and cross checking in corners and increase yeah to cut back it
You know the guys are able to reach out and you know hook arms and and bodies with the stick and slows the game down
Yeah, you're right. I see public bird in these guys you know just have a little more open ice
And then that's another reason why you get all these knee injuries and guys like burray by the way
They're injured like 80% of the time. Yeah, but you didn't see those knees that many years ago did you?
No, he didn't that's right. Hey, I see it Friday. Okay
We have an open line in Broward 7679 463 also didn't see all these concussions back then and they weren't they had no helmets
They were playing without a helmet and didn't see anywhere near as many concussions because there's too much crap going on
Two open lines and he out of townlines one triple eight 4749 463
1 8 8 8 8 474 W I O D in Palm Beach on the audio net and anybody else that wants it we pay for it
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to let you know that old bag that was calling about Barnett banks by a family bank
Yeah, I like works there. They're merged with a little company and West Palm Beach or not being sold
Barnett ain't buying them. They used to be on Barnett bank
You bought um
Family bank a long time good and the original owner went out and started a new bank a family bank. Oh, thank God
Yeah, thank the Lord. I didn't know what she's talking about. Thank you so much
All right, all right. Oh, thank the Lord for that. Sorry, Matt
Sorry, we had the aunt on there spreading while she said that she was a pretty sure wasn't true
But why the hell not spread a rumor and get everybody worried. That's called Jewish uh, you know, psychosis
Why not something to worry about my mother will all like that
We have two open lines in Broward 7679 463 two on a Palm Beach and out of townlines one triple eight 4749 463
So have no fear family bank is still here. Oh, thank the Lord. Thank God
I can't take the Lord's name. Oh, why the hell not? Who's it? Where is that written? Who said that? Who made that up?
Moshe Moishi who poopic or a Lou and God is in his name. This is title anyway. That's why they call started calling him God. How about Yeshua?
Because in tight by the way Yeshua and Yosuke just don't know me for the first time in my life the connection there between Yeshua and Yosuke
Oh, I'm getting it
Here's a Hollywood. Hello
Deal we will follow you all the way to the queue
Did you see Hartford and Buffalo last night those pre-mode two open lines in Broward 7679 463 767 WIOD
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
I'm the guy that is used to listen to you way back. I used to live across you from
KAT KAT right on the road. Hey man. I'm happy for you. You know, I get the highlight of that station
Get out of this joint everybody will be following you. Yeah, my question is what's up with Paxton? I mean this guy going crazy
He's I mean he's ruining this another another radio station. Yeah, look what they did to she look what they did to the planet
Look at that piece of crap. What's up with this guy? Is he one of these weirdos is waiting for the ship to come and pick him up?
Could be I mean it's I'm not so sure he's serious though. Yeah, did I'm saying I'm believe anyway, Neil
I believe you know putting pops I think I've been listening for long this time and we will all continue to listen
No matter where you go. Thanks pal. Take care. I'll read it there to you
Oh, now we're done with pressures three. We got 48 minutes and 10 seconds to go. Not that I'm counting
But all of a sudden I'm staring a little bit nervous because they've been smoking here today. They've been smoking. They've been forming it the mouth
Dave County 622 W. I. D. We got an open line there. Broward County. We got a pair of 767 9463 Palm Beach, why even bother?
Yeah, I have to laugh about that thing about the 800 line for Palm Beach and the uh the all I mean what what differences
I make we never get any calls on there anyway
Like maybe three a day on a your audio net the worldwide like that's a big deal forget it
We had a call from Tokyo once upon a time like 85 years ago
And we had calls from New York and from Tampa and uh then a bunch of boring places
And then we had wall fam mass today
Which was fine, but uh that was it. It's not a big deal
I mean how the hell does it how first of all most people don't even know how to download this stuff on there
They don't know from the audio net. They don't know how to get to live audio. They really don't I was read about that yesterday
But it's easy even I know it's easy, but but that's beside the point whether it's easier not most people don't even know that it's there number one
Much less how to do it number two if they knew that it was there and they knew there was something there that they might want to hear or check out
That would be like another thing, but not everybody is like Rick Riley sitting around doodle with their computer 20 hours a day
Complaining that they got no time to do everything else
I'm sure he's not I'm sure he's not doodling with it now that he's a grandpa
We have two open lines in Broward 7
7679 463 767 WIU D where it's 113 on a great Tuesday
Beautiful roses from Wayne Arnold and Murray over there at Wayne Arnold is a royal castle
Thank you so much guys
Crystal's gonna love those nice red roses man George gets more flowers and actually he's open up a flower shop
He's putting them in a gigantic freezer. He's gonna like have his own flower shop here pretty soon
I'll tie them over
Parachuban
Liberty Parachuban
Thanks to the state of California
Ebonix has become an official language, but on the east coast in Brooklyn
IZONIX is ruling the street
I use guys check out the
Bambenos on that broad and get a load of her poop
English translation I really enjoy her company
So it's last night I banged the hell out of this chicken this real classy joint
English translation I made love to her in the back of my Camaro
Yeah, yeah, I'm the main tenon's director. We're all the youth hangout English translation
I'm a janitor at the elementary school
If you'd like to get your copy of hooked on Paisonix just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope and shove it under the back door of marios over on the west side and will be intact
So
I'm the late
So anyway, it's 118 at WIOD. We have two open lines and Broward
7679463 767 WIOD
Here's Miami on what on the three hello
Hey, sir
Hey, um, what's the she going to
I beg your pardon what's the she going to what station yeah, next on look you take enjoy with you. Yes, we're going to exon good
I mean and you're taking our mom Jennifer's no yeah Jennifer's going to she going to it's gonna be a gas yeah my name be good
You know this is a six ten is going to probably a it's going right in the old crap
Those guys are crazy man. Yeah, they are man
All right, okay, Zim
Seeing your cab, man, we have an open line at day 6229463 two and Broward 7679463 767
WIOD two on the out of town lines the audio and headlines the Palm Beach lines those lines that we better damn
We'll have any other place to go into that other guy even though they never ring and one triple eight four seven four nine four six three
But he's right it does take up about a third of the show give him the number out because it's nice and long and the number two one eight eight eight
Four seven four WIOD you can milk that thing to the cows come home. It's still ain't gonna happen
Here's Miami hello
Yeah, Miami hello
Well back on hello
Hello
Believe this
This is great. I know
Bulleos maybe they'll see some in dirt
Or sensitive yeah
Okay, hello WIOD
Hello
It's the same person. Yeah, no, me. No, but this is gonna be cool. What is it your mama?
So you're going to what?
Hello
Hello
Hello
Papa
Thumb of spicks two open lines in day at six two two two nine four six three six two two WIOD
We have an open line at Broward seven six seven nine four six three 20 out of town lines
And that's what we have to contend with here is people like that goiam
They wouldn't know stale monce if you stuck 45 pounds of it in there. They still wouldn't recognize it
Even if it was from the circle you ranch
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello
Hey, how are you great?
Listen, I love your show
I've been listening to Phil Henry. I miss him. Yeah
I'm a diabetic who retired from the neo-city fire department. Yeah, I had to trick my way into the neo-city fire department
I would never have gotten the job if I told them I was a diabetic. Yes
I fell seven stories broke my back both my legs
Toilet my rotator cuff and I was in the hospital and no one knew I was a diabetic and I was getting glucose and chubinus
Nice
Great sounds like the bases of a great lawsuit to me. Yeah, oh, it was yeah, it was good
But I love the show and
Gonna buy you over to qa.m. And thank you so much. Okay. Thank you. Okay
Okay, we got two calls left at the board. We got 40 minutes to go. So I guess basically what it boils down to
Is that six two two seven six seven one triple eight. You know the numbers come on now
I
Joey Zaza come on joy you gonna save old tuner come on joy
Oh to my flow in there. I can't deal with it
six two two W.I.O.D. and Dade we got a pair there. We got Broward sitting there wide open here seven six seven on the day of our daughter's wedding
We got 45 million dollars worth a free advertising in a Miami-Hirl today and he's back to still don't give a crap
They're still dead as a door nail especially the women. They're just lying there like in the pro-prone position
Here's Kendall on a mobile hello. Hey, Neil. How are you okay, sir? I had a good leading call. I have a spy report about Phil Henry
Yes, I was listening to
W.I.N. Z yesterday. Yeah, and they I don't know if you heard the silly story
I can't believe it was even news, but Billy the Marlins head blue. Yes, his head is missing right? Yeah
Anyways, they had a spokesman for the Marlins on on W.I.N. Z who are you sure? Yeah
I've got a theory where it is where the head is and the theory is that all the sudden the spokesman comes on to
Margaret Darver and that's it and they moved on to another story
Isn't that you ripping off Phil's material now? Are you sure? Positive. That was niggas. Yeah
But also I thought that story was great, but as I'm a whole for you my own girlfriends
Follow me and just smash the back of my car about three minutes ago, but I still I get driving just alright
That's a loyal caller man. Thank you so much. All right. Sure as
Or whatever part you like we have an open line on the a purple line their pound IOD
So I and Z is ripping off Phil Henry's material now, huh? Great
Here's a mobile in adventura. Hello
Yeah, the operative question is if you're going down the dial allegedly
What do you do all that fat hang with here? How can you still use it? Why not?
Well, I mean, wait wait wait wait. What do you mean allegedly?
What does that mean allegedly? What what is that?
For you are going in yes, okay, why is it alleged it was in the paper on friday
It was in the news. I talked about it friday on a year. I talked about it yesterday
I talked about it today for four hours
You know, and it's in the paper all over the whole herald you can wipe your birdcage with it. It's all over the place
Yes, I've been out of the loop
Sounds to me like you've been talking to too many packs and people are in denial
Yes, I believe in man September 30th will be my last day working for this company under any circumstances
No matter anything there is nothing in the world. I could keep me here one moment longer than absolutely contractually necessary now anything in the world
Except except for not not all the money not anything would keep me working for these people except a favor to the family to couldn't even
Reciprope even I could refuse that
Hey listen, I've been out of the loop my greatest apology. That's okay. What are you gonna do with that stuff?
I mean if you rip them so much are they gonna sit there and I mean one thing in another station
But to be down the law from fat anchors is that gonna be helpful? Is it gonna be what?
It can handle it or he can he handle it or I can handle it
Just like Michael said I'll handle it
Have a great day pal
The block I'll read the virtue. Oh, here's it. Oh, yeah, it's gonna be really okay. What do you say?
Whatever you say get out of here
Open line at date 622 WOD one any out of timelines one triple eight four seven four
They're all experts you do understand that oh, it's gonna be this and it's gonna be that hey great
Whatever you think whatever you think it's gonna be that's what it's good like Doris. They said
Q3 whatever the hell she said
Now what she said Q something something began with the Q. I think she was talking about rock cuts and again
Here's North Miami Beach hello
See thank you for taking my call. Don't miss die. Bob and I want to give you a godfather update
See I was I was at the uh the theater and
163th Street see deadville and
But believe it or not the majority of the people there were were young really thank god for that
Exactly, there were two old bags. There was sitting behind me though
And there's one of them had had a hearing aid that was so huge it had an LED readout on the side of
I love it and she says
Right when Paulie gets it
No, Carlo gets it. She says
The son of bitch he killed his father's brother. Oh
How loud, you know, and yeah, I hope she I hope she don't tell Kay. I tell you what man
It was that was the only thing you know that everybody's complaining. There's a lot of old bags there
That's why you got to love going into movies with the old farts in there when they start talking out loud
It's great just in case you can't understand a dialogue have no fear. They'll be a yapping it out no time at all
I was gonna slap some of my life for my
Slapper Conone pepperoni man
But anyway, it was a fantastic movie my best friend took me on the other the guys that later on he had a surprise party
Set up for me. Yeah, so I want to call him a douchebag. Okay, Jose. Anishin Lamasseria. Hey, I love whatever the hell I mean, okay
Listen, you know, Boca Brian should make a song. I will follow him. You're God not bad. I think it would be great. Okay. We love you. Ciao
Oh
There he goes talking about those goddamn Italians again
We have an open line in date six two two so like I said I had this diarrhea for an hour and a half or anyway
We don't want to go back out of that again. Or was it just diarrhea of the mouth?
Anyway, 126 a w i o d
610 w i o d
the
The bible if you like the book you'll love the board game
Introducing go to hell from Milton Bradley the board game to test your faith in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical quotes
Okay, everybody ready? Yeah, all right first question the meek shul and harret the blank
Flatware mail pattern ball this the earth the meek shul and her at the earth right you move ahead five spaces
You other guys go to hell
Go to hell the exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the timer runs out
Okay, on the seventh day God did what?
A golf you went to one of those all you can eat brush places. Oh, he just put it around wrong all of you go to hell
It was a good book, but now it's a great game go to hell the biblical board game from Milton Bradley
132 a w i o d we have an open line of date six two two we have one in brow at seven six seven nine four six three
How come he didn't put anything on next to that thing?
George
Well, because he just called it. I thought I would save the time since we were out here
It would save the time for what of me typing. Oh, yes, Stan
I what a heck of a way to get rid of me from your show dump it all my cards. What do you and George do that for?
What all my all my bits are they gone?
All what bits, you know the don Johnson's stuff of course not they're not gone
Oh, I thought Lori was listening to you and she was under the impression they were all like in cyber spaces. No, they're not
Oh, you don't think I would throw those out do you? Well, I thought somebody else was responsible
No, no, we we were allowed to actually Roy actually let us save about 200 carts here and you're as I can assure you
If I could find him which I can't but they're around
I don't think it only took neither to why I'm just telling you they're around it only took us two months to
Go through that project because the packs and people don't like carts
They like other stuff that cost a lot more money and looks impressive, but doesn't work
Oh, you mean putting them in a computer and all that junk no not the computer
We got the computer putting them in the whatever they got which doesn't work
Congratulations. Thank you Stan. I guess you don't need my two grand now. No, I guess I don't
Accepted as a gift on the day of my daughter's wedding
I think you're gonna end up doing some baseball games. That's what I think I don't think so
Well, you should you're better than what they got on well
That's uh, you know, a lot of people don't remember what a great great. That's all in the past then. It's all in the past
No, it is it's all in the distant past
I told you buddy Craig the other day that was one reason you were going over there. Well, you're wrong
You want to set up there and the press box and do a couple of many you wrong
I bet you do bet you don't how much you want to bet make it worth my while and guarantee it
Over high Zingas bald head, right? Hey, they love me man
This Barry Jackson this guy must be doing doggy uppers or something. He's out of his mind
Well, now wait a minute. Uh, you haven't heard the latest rumor going around
Now what is that? Stan major mid-day in iod. Yeah
What is it?
What is it?
Max is gonna buy Q a.m. Yeah, right
You better call uh nor back and get get an extra paragraph
Don't hold your breath. Don't hold your breath. Thank you to happen. All right. Well good luck to you man
Okay, thanks Stan. Bye bye
Where's my money? We have two open lines in power at seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven wio d
Just key you know, I'm now that he said that I'm starting to get worried because I'm looking. I don't see the damn cards
Oh my god, could we we didn't put him in here? Did we we wouldn't do that because that would make him like too permanent. We wouldn't do that
I've got sunshine
on w i m z
oh
When there's a hurricane
For baby
It's still month ma
From two to six
I guess you
say
We feel that way
Stan major
We have a flash we have a major bulletin okay
I
Am going to tell you if this happens. I will I promise you I will pee on the front lawn of this building
If this comes to fruition. I mean, I know these people are dumb believe me. I know that
But can they be that dumb?
We just have a very very strong rumor
That the Paxon people are frantically attempting to contact my replacement
Who if they have their way might be I am that hemorrhoid
Oh my god. Oh my god
Yes
Okay, let's go to a Hollywood hello
Was that the real Stan major that was the real Stan major how do you like that?
Yeal, do you watch any of the flyer Ranger game? Who's got my real two grand. What is it? Yes, I did
I saw quite a bit of it. That was pretty good very entertaining very amazing the way the Rangers came back there and kept pounding in the and
Hextal was just losing it. You see the way he lost it. Oh man. He lost it. He's out of control. Yeah, you can't stay in the crease for anything
He lost it. Hey, I just got you know going back to hockey a little bit. We're
We're I think we say we're foreign out if we got I mean look at the Ranger. They were clicking last. Yeah
I mean they got on fire man all of a sudden
It's like a light bulb if I can say they went off over their head. They suddenly said oh, we better get with it
Times running out and but I'm being they just went nuts and where they were smoking what what is that gonna happen to us
When is somebody gonna light a fire out of these guys as and say hey times running out
We only got two games left here. We better damn well win at least one of them
And you better get with it. You better turn it up a few notches here and stop going through this coma thing you yours
Yeah, I failed math
So what's the story with if we lose the next two games? Okay, what what would and let's say let me just say this to you
The penguins have four games left so after the penguins beat Boston tonight, which they will there'll be one point behind us
New York will be only one point behind us
Ha we could drop to six if we lose both games and then we play them a three then we play a three
That's right, which would be let's see it would be
Phil and Alphia probably
Wouldn't that be ugly? How about that cheap shot lenders did after I loved it
You like going Eric. Yes, because it was all Samuel's and I always love it no matter who was
Yeah, but I think retaliation is gonna be Thursday night. I don't think so. I don't think so they're not gonna mess with Eric
I don't like that guy. I mean I do you do you know you wouldn't take it but you wouldn't take him on our team
You wouldn't take Eric when I mean I know he's no Chris Wells. Oh, well, no, of course you know Chris Wells come on
Hey, nobody what I'm saying is he's too good of a player to read to read
Resort let me say it again pal the great players the overwhelming majority Gordie. How I'm a research art the great players were dirty players
Don't ever forget it. I mean right there. I mean the game was over you need to do that. I mean a granite was all I loved it
Nice going to listen for a guy that's taking more cheap shots at people and anybody else
Who wears a visor by the way who wears a visor Ulfey there nobody deserves it more than he did nice going Eric like I said
One thing we need we need a Brian leech that guy is awesome. Yeah, you got to admit that
Where we getting that where we're getting Brian leech?
He is why would you want Brian leech when he got any any?
There's no there are 180 degrees apart exactly. I mean he is he is just watching that guy skate and step up and how about that goal?
I mean, oh
Anyway, Brian leech god, okay
I hope you have a great life together. We have two open all the brown lines opens in stand called they ran like a bad old hell just a joke stand
Yeah, where's where is that five where's all our stuff
Now I'm beginning to realize just exactly what Roy did to us here man. He killed us. He butchered us with this cart business
Right from the beginning we we our asses weren't even warming a seat in this building yet
Which thank to George and Wayne we finally got the stuff over here because nobody else was getting involved in it
Either the past program director or the president interim one or the future one nobody was involved in it
So we finally got this pay place put back together Roy's given all these ultimatums because everybody here's a big shot everybody's a big shot
That's right
Thought the eye in the shot and
And so about like 90% of our carts are families. They will never see him again. I'm rather stick hot burning needles in my eyes
And the listen to the joe. We read all shows
With the enters and the crutches and the worthless calls man. His show really blows
He's about as young as I am dumb. He's about as smart as the two day old far
I rather take a hot battery acid animal than the listen to the joe. We ran the show. I really mean it
Listen to the joe. We ran the show forget the bagels
Oh
Listen to the joe. We ran the show
Joe
Right okay, we have a brow lines open as in all 20 of them at 7679 463
767 wiod the guy with the eye should be dancing a kazatsky baby Neil is out Joey is in all right
Here's a candle hello
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sir. I don't know. Okay. Um you know something I know a lot. Yeah, what is it? What is it?
Huh? What is it? What it be?
I said, I love your show man great. Okay. I agree. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day at 622
Broward County. We're still waiting on Broward. Look at that one two three. I deen divine. Well, how are you say it?
Adin how do you say two in the Hebrew?
Dva?
No, you don't say
You don't say
Boy, I forgot my Hebrew that's bad. I'm gonna burn in hell now
I'm gonna burn in hell. He forgot his Hebrew bro. Who had I really hung a rock bubble my see etc
I can't remember. Adin Dva Dva
It's Vai I'm spy dry while my Yiddish. I know let's stick to the Yiddish. Okay, forget the Hebrew only the real from people over there
Speak that the people with a sense of humor they speak of the Yiddish
Broward County 7679 463 your last call for lunch on Tuesday and that's it
Otherwise Joey's gonna be here tomorrow if you don't call in the next 30 seconds in Broward
Joey will be here tomorrow doing his show you can go to the bank on it family bank by the way
Here's the lady in long key. Hello. Well, that got him smoking. Yes, ma'am
Uh, we're down here in long key. We'll see you all the time whenever we're down here. Love your show. Where you from?
Um Michigan Michigan. Where are boots?
Um white lake. Oh, I don't know that. That must be way up there, huh?
Over by orchard lake. Oh, that's over by Detroit. Right. Oh, I thought white lakes sounded like one of those UP kind of places
It's down by Detroit by orchard lake. I know that. Uh-huh. That's kind of like west of the city. Yep. Uh-huh
Kind of like out there by Northville and Farmington and frame whatever the other ones are
Right
I just can't let you know that I love your show and I love film. Sorry to see that he's gone. Oh, yeah
He slipped away like Clarence Carter. He just slipped away
Um, I was just wondering I know you love um Hockey and I was wondering what you thought of that
game against Detroit and Colorado
What did I think of it? Yeah, uh, it was a
Once in a lifetime experience and I loved what Darren McCarty did to Claude Lemieux
I thought he was sure to get a medal for it. Okay great. So did I everybody
Congratulations. There are a nice job, pal
That's right. That's what we said. You spew bed. Okay
Thanks. Have a great day. You too. Bye-bye
Okay
See it Northfield down. See it Hazel Park. Hazel Park is open now
And of course, cymbal casting at Pompano, which I just mentioned
This is not a spot just to mention for one of our fine sponsors
And then when Kevin Wallace leaves us in a couple of weeks and goes back to Detroit
You'll at least be able to plunge your brains out all summer long on Kevin because we'll be cymbal casting Hazel Park every night. All right
Kevin Wallace and Brad Kramer God that's all I can see up there in Michigan. They're doing it
If you haven't heard Brooke Daniels lately, here's what you missed
Although if you can't work out with us you can work in the build packs and compound
Oh with the compound. Yeah, the compound. It's just like the Kennedy compound
A lot of people dropping their pants and plain touch football on the ground
All right, you don't think there's any panstroping going on at the
Hasen godbath. No, I know there is just panstroping going on in this building. What are you talking about?
Not for us to see, but we've heard rumors. Brooke Daniels weeknight on 610
W-I-O-D
610 W-I-O-D
Don't worry. It's just a little gas
God
He has nowhere where he is. You can tell your sick fat
A-C-S. He has no right to talk religion because he is a bagget and he is not what presents a bar of thinking
Say boy, let me see your license there
What's the problem the officer go a little fast won't you say what's in the back seat? Uh nothing crack rock
Sitting in his back seat. I said crack rock
You can sell on the street you can smoke it
And you'll catch a good buzz just don't get pulled over by the fuzz gay cop
Singing with a big band. He's a gay cop
His nice dick in his hand. He got busted
With three pounds of dope soap and over and pick up the soap
The party's over now at J-A-I-L
You got busted and it's J-A-I-L
I like it
You were once a big dog then you made a big switch
And you're just fuzz bitch
The party's over now at J-A-I-L
You got busted and it's J-A-I-L
Everything being the rings you better than I am
Even the competition agrees the Neil Rogers show on WZTA Miami Beach Fort Lauderdale in the Palm Beach is
Is the best morning show in South Florida
I think I don't get the nice here on an AM station as a hero in my life
You're like say time is the quietest you got no problem with me
Even the other morning shows listen to the Neil Rogers show on Zeta 4
I hope you beat me in the readings you better than I am
148 at W-I-O-D
Joey we love you pali when you're coming
Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello
Happy Tuesday, Neil
Back to you
I just wanted to let you know up until a few minutes ago
I was flipping back and forth just checking the signal and I was getting you pretty clear
But 2 a.m. was just a hair better so you'll have something to look forward to
Just a hair better. How was it a curly one or a straight one?
It was a red curly one
Oh look out probably move Shamby
Yeah, so basically that's all I was calling about and in closing
I'm an Italian boy from Arkansas and a Riva D'Oche you all
All right, Ciao. Ciao. We'd be seeing you
We got two open lines on the out of town lines. You will not get on the air
I make no mistake about that but God would it be nice to write in your diary?
Of course it's not very intimidating knowing that you won't get on
But at least you can say I held on. I held it
Let's go to Hollywood. Hello
Hello, Rambnachman. Yes, sir. How are you?
Good pass on Paisal. I couldn't pay so I can no longer how can I try to go to the Yiddish
I'm not how can I try to fly? I'm spy
I hear you need to know in Yiddish how to say two
Adin Dva
You need in Yiddish or in Hebrew
In Hebrew I know how to say it in Yiddish
I would hope so
How do you count in in Hebrew?
In Hebrew you just is number two
Adin is one
Stein
How is two?
Stein
Stein
And Akkad is one
What's Adin? Oh that's I'm doing Russian now. I'm sorry that's Russian
We're in the wrong
I got so many languages now that's right. I'm sorry about that
Yours was right you were right George there was a
In there how do you like that?
There always is a
Yeah
There's got to be
If it's really Jewish there's a
In there because of all the dairy
That's true
That's why the Jews pronounce like that because they eat too much dairy too many blinces
That's true with the with the cream
Right
Anyway
Please
You need me to go further or only up to two
What was two?
Stein
Stein
Stein
Oh I like the sound of that I like Einstein dry which sounds very German to be also by the way what you do
Is
Is it even
Uh-huh
Ak naan ten
Uno duet etc
Anyway speaking of the language
I'll see on the Thomas in duet two way
Speaking of languages
Yes
I don't know if you speak Japanese at all
No I do not
But to say you to count the tenon in Japanese you say ishni san shigorak naanahatch kyu ju
Thank you
So ten is ju how do you say eleven?
Ju ish
Pretty interesting
Okay
Anyway I'll be in there on my head and zygazan
Anyway I'll be in there on monday you the twenty first with your smuramata
Okay
And a pray that can pay stuff to hano and smully and mazlatov on your move down the dial
Okay thank you so much
Okay see you
Wow he is so Jewish man
He's just dripping from every poor of his body
We have an open line at brow art seven six seven you can't get any more Jewish than that
I'll tell you that right now
There ain't nobody in the world more Jewish than that guy
Here's a lady in candle hello
Hello
Yes ma'am
Neil I love you and why are you leaving the show is the first time caller
And I want to ask your questions where can I find the truck to buy your CDs
I love I want to send them up north way up north
Yeah
Can you tell me where the truck is and how I can purchase the CD
George will direct you to the truck
Okay
Oh you're talking about the the rolling radio store
Right
Oh I see you're the one
Right
Well let me take a look as a matter of fact it just so happens that they are
Let's see there's the eighth where are you
I'm a 130 cent by the new and candle draw
Oh you're way done or you don't want to go up to Coral Springs
George will tell you a number to call where you can get him there
Okay
How's that?
That's fine
Okay hang on sweet art
Uh-huh
Bye bye
Line two tell what
Oh
Hello
Roll tape maybe
We're in no one else can't understand you
We're in everything you do is wrong
He gives you gas and cost a patient
He makes you want to smoke a bomb
And he's always there to lend hand
And drag your name through mud
Why do I wonder the wonder of mud
Well thank you
That was lovely lovely reading
Just for you I want to see you
Hey congratulations
Thank you so much
And by the way I don't have any money for you
Stan's got it by the way go see him
Hey yeah
Did you happen to read the article
I don't know if it was in your paper down there
But when the when the cable bill got passed last week
Yeah
And uh about the champagne
Oh yeah the champagne
Oh yeah
Yeah we hit some live tape on it on the ear
Oh there cut it out bud
Oh another one there he goes
Come on put it down
There's still celebrating up there
Yeah but did you get the quote though
About what about the musk everything about the Easter
About Easter came a Jesus uh something like that
Jesus has risen and no hands are still
Well don't get crossed about it okay
Hey you might want to uh
Jesus has risen and so is our stock
How do you like that huh
Right now
Yeah exactly
You might want to remind bud that as it says in the Bible
It's easier for a camel to get head from a beetle than
Okay
I'll be sure and pass that along
Every right day you jay you're out of material
Get out of here is killing me
God
Head from a beetle
Here's North Miami Beach hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
My show I wish a good luck on w2a m
What is it?
Good luck
Well thank you so much thank you okay
I don't know he had like uh 40 pounds of something
Here maybe he's eating his moths as early okay
Stock up right now man in fact by a whole bunch this year because next year they're really gonna soak you
So if there'll be a little stale who cares
Here's plantation hello
Neil is that a you jay?
That was ej how do you like that?
What a man man
Aaronic wasn't either one that last day on iNZ he called in
and also
Rose Folger peep bulger who was the peep bulger
Was the pd when you left
Veda right and now he took over as the pd and you're leaving iod
Well snow co-incidence I guarantee you that
It's no coincidence man
He wants to put it on his resume he wants to put it on his resume
Have a great day pal
Okay, so sensitive that bulger is so sensitive so uptight
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil how you doing?
Yes, sir
Listen how they gonna bring down joy Reynolds if he's up there with davi gravy line doing network on wl r
William it with davi gravy line
Well we're not doing a show but they're on the bill we were network in new york
Well, what does davi gravy line have to do with that?
Well, no I just brought him in there because he's a friendly name but my question is how i can
So uh where's uh davi gravy line?
Yeah, you know what?
Far away we hope he's gonna be coming down here on
Another station who's that davi gravy line?
He'll be making a return pretty soon
Well i'm not see always buying his way back on here
You always know you've reached the pinnacle of the business when you have to buy time to get your way back on here
Right?
I don't know the specifics but joy Reynolds now really
Seriously are they bringing in a lot of your local equipment up real tight? What is it?
Are they gonna bring them back to you?
Joey starts next monday
Next monday. Yeah, they're gonna do pipe is wftl 6am to 6am 24 hours a day a new format all Joey all day
Oh my god, big, big, big size of this one. You want to preview?
There you go
Neil God bless you have a great life. Okay, and now I sneeze
Okay, here's a Madison, Wisconsin. I can't believe this
Hello, Neil. Pete boulders hometown. They're coming over to ruse probably a setup call. Yes sir. Neil. Yes
I'm a retired attorney. I was bar mitzvitt in the second street shule in the early 30s.
Oi!
Welcome, congratulations to him.
I'm living in Key Largo now I'm retired down there. Yes sir.
I had to come up here on business. I brought shorts with me. No long pants. It was two below
zero
this morning and I'm telling you I can't wait to get all my way.
Well congratulations sir. Good move.
Yeah
And long time listener just wanted to let you know. Okay, as soon as I can. Okay hurry back.
For Passover. Okay happy pay saw. Okay wow there was an excellent call.
Totally that audio netline that's what puts me over the top.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I am.
I saw Ron television about Mr. Don, uh, May 11th. They're going to show uh Don Colony.
Did you see it? Don Colony.
Don, well done. Mr. Don they call it.
Mr. Don Corleone. Right. Corleone.
