Caution, adult to lengthens at work.
610 WIOD, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 622 WIOD and Dave.
767 WIOD and Broward.
Mobile 1 and AT&T wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOD.
And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-WIOD.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
Come join, come join, come join.
I had a nickname, Dave.
One day she flew away.
To Tijuana where the moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that must have slept.
To truly tell you how I feel for care.
That's feel for care.
So, if you see K&G, wanna,
And I'll see you with Tijuana too.
And now, if you see K, tell her I'm a Surrey State.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
So, I'll ride her to the day.
Now, if you see K, take her hand gently say.
That after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, if you see K&G, Tijuana.
Oh, then I'll see you with Tijuana.
Go, wanna, go.
Oh, but gotta see you with Tijuana too.
Hello to the WIOD Happy Monday to all and to all a good night.
Man, what a day yesterday.
How, what a game, what a performance.
What a lollipop little boy.
All right, just calm down, we'll get to that later.
And anyway, what a performance yesterday by somebody,
by Edmonton, that's who it was last night.
Man, there was a game.
Finally.
And yes, we left yesterday early
before we get some spy report here.
Oh, they left the game early with like six or seven minutes ago.
That's right.
That's right.
Now, yes, there were some people in Edmonton last night
who left that game early and came running back.
Because there's a team that actually,
at least showed up a little bit last night
and made a phenomenal comeback.
They're down three nothing with four minutes left in a game
and they wind up winning an OT, four to three.
Unfreak and believable.
The Erlers.
But the path is yesterday.
Must have missed the team bus to the arena.
Didn't show up a lick, not even a little bit.
Even alligator arm's rimmer with speechless.
Of course, he was not in a year.
So I guess he had to be speechless.
But he was speechless, had no excuses.
Of course, he blames Marty Strockner for missing that wide open net.
Nice going, Marty.
But hey, like he had a lot of company.
Nobody showed up.
Even the greaser, I mean, the Beaser led a couple of pretty
marginal goals in there that Gretzky shot just inside a blue line.
And then that other one at the robot.
I just, I mean, that was pretty greasy.
Greasy.
Everybody's stuck to join out.
But especially Eddie, Eddie was bad.
It was bad.
So it's one one going to New York tomorrow night.
And we got two back to back.
And by the way, speaking of alligator arms,
remember the, I want to give credit where credit is due.
Randy Molar has dubbed Jeff Rimmer as alligator arms.
Remember because of the fact that when, anytime there's a check
to be picked up, whether it's for dinner, for drinks, whatever it might be,
all of a sudden, Rimmer gets that short arm disease.
Can't reach for that check because the arms are like an alligator.
Man, they just barely get out of the body.
Nice go, Randy.
And don't overfeed, Ray Shepard.
People are getting worried.
So I'm sure we're going to have a lot of response to that tremendous performance yesterday, not.
And yes, we did leave early yesterday.
And it worked out great because I made a B-line straight up to Emerald Coast buffet.
And got there just before it got really crowded.
And they treated us great.
And it was marvelous.
So that was the right move to make.
They're walking out the door.
And there's one guy says, oh, yeah, even you're leaving early.
And he said, that's right.
See ya.
Bye-bye.
Nice knowing ya.
I love these Yentos over there.
Who think that they're going to tell ya when to leave.
I mean, they was over.
It was over.
There was no doubt.
We weren't even making a whimper in that third period, okay?
But everybody is a Yentah there.
And thanks for coming.
Yeah, that guy that sits next to me, Bruce, whatever's naming.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, okay.
Everybody's got their nose in everybody else's business.
But in the meantime, their own ambiance at the game certainly could use a little work.
You know what I'm saying?
Guys, but they're okay.
106 was okay.
Even the two rows of misfits.
They were okay because the Ohio guy, who I find out doesn't really belong in our section.
Anyway, Mr. I'm drunk or I'm pretending to be drunken and coherent.
He was way upstairs.
We belong in the nosebleed.
So Friday night.
I don't... should I spend more than two or three hours on this today?
Should I spend more than four or five shows on this this week?
You know, once in a while I hear something on the ear.
It just... it inspires me to respond.
But what I heard on the ear Friday night on this radio station was so unbelievable.
So unbelievable.
Now I'm here in other stories.
I'm piecing this all together.
And what a piece of bone it all turns out to be.
Better watch yourself.
You better watch yourself.
Steve Knowsring.
Or she'll report you to the consultant.
I mean, what are we going to do then?
Want a lollipop little boy?
So anyway, Friday night I'm in the car and here's Aaron Kay or whatever the hell her name is on the ear.
And guess what?
No show.
I mean, no material.
None.
I guess she hadn't lost her gas cap again that day.
So there was nothing to talk about.
No real penetrating topics.
Like who should be bitch slap and if he ever lost your gas cap?
Right.
So what is she talking about?
This lightweight who wouldn't even make it on ear in Utica, New York?
On a bad day?
She's talking about, well, you know, some people on this station and every now and then she'd show my name in.
And it's obvious the whole show again.
Didn't I mention this last week that it seems that her or the game plan there were those two is like, let's go after Neil.
And Neil will talk about me a lot and make me into a big star.
I got news for a sweetheart, even mandrake the magician and Jesus and Abraham and Moses and Buddha.
They can't make you into a big star.
And as far as being too faced is concerned, let me say this.
You don't understand the difference between business and personal.
Personal I had been told by George and others that you were a very nice person off the air.
I met you in a hallway one day for about 30 seconds.
You seem like a very nice person seemed.
You can't really sum up a person, you know, in 30 seconds.
But seem like a nice little person.
You know what I'm saying?
Personal.
But business, different story.
So Aaron or Karen or whatever your name is.
If you want to come in here right now, anytime during the show, we got an open invitation sweetheart.
Come in here and I'll tell you right to your face.
You don't belong on a year for like two minutes, even to give the time.
You're pathetic.
And then he goes after the women again.
Well, how come Rukka was a woman?
How come I say good things about her because she does a good show and she's that's right.
She's Jewish.
And you're nepotistic that that's what I never thought about that.
She's Jewish and likes basketball, which I don't like.
That must be it.
How about Jennifer Rem?
She was a woman.
She still is a woman last time I checked.
Not too close.
But love Jennifer.
Want a lollipop little boy?
So anyway.
So getting back to Aaron case or her topic, a topic is that all she hears on a station all day is how about the station sucks and about papan how boring that is.
And nobody really cares about that.
See, she's been here for a total of three weeks.
She's an expert on what we should be talking about and also what the audience cares about and what this town is all about and what the topic should be all about.
She's the expert.
Since she has no material of her own, she's critiquing me and everybody else on here who've only been on this station for like I've been here over eight years, Rick and suds seven years.
George has been here for like what six, seven years, too long.
And she's the expert.
She's been here three weeks.
She knows what the audience wants to hear.
She knows what's interesting and even though this is all boring by the way, she's going to do it anyway one time just like in Godfather, just this one time K, I'll let you ask me about my business.
And no matter what you ask, the answer is no right.
So she's inviting people to call in and tell her that her show sucks.
And I thought to myself, this is a show.
This sounds like something Mr. Ego might have done like eight years ago on a bad day on a desperate day when he had no material, which was like almost any day.
That's how desperate it sounded to me.
And so what does she get? She gets on the one hand a handful, about four or five syrupy, psychophantic women, probably bull dikes calling it all.
You're so wonderful and Neil blows, Neil sucks.
Yeah, well, that's true.
And then the other hand she gets in, of course, some of the mouth breathing guys who are saying, you suck your show and that said.
And she kept insisting and pounding and pushing and pulling it.
I can't get anybody to call and tell me I suck.
See, I guess it never dawned on her that after like the first couple of days of listening, if people assume that your show sucks, if they don't like your act, they probably aren't listening anymore.
I know that comes as a great surprise, but most people, especially during the nighttime hours, if they have even a minimal amount of life, they're not sitting there listening to something that they think sucks.
Sweetheart, I hate to break the news to you. I got you down.
So I was just astonished with all of this. Then I was just here in a spy report, a little bird in the hallway was telling me that Thursday night she was on air and some caller made some comment about Walters Sabo.
However, the hell it started and she talked about how her boyfriend or consultant, so anyway, the next about ear wax, yeah, about how he we would stick a Q tip in his rear ear and get the wax and then stick it in this pocket because he's so forgetful, he's always thinking about what he's going to do next and then it kind of took a sexual turn.
And Steve knows ring the board up, but was chuckling and laughing his ass off during all of this because it was so ass and I and she became very red in the push and so I'm hearing from birds in the room.
Little birds in the flies on a wall and so they go to commercial break and come back and on the air, I want you to listen to this no commercial break.
He was laughing and there was a long pause, there's long pause like seven, 10 seconds in there and she says not jokingly, but seriously to Steve knows ring the board up, you better watch yourself.
Seriously, not jokingly, seriously because she has connections.
So anyway, the big rumor at the game yesterday from I heard several people is that WIDS for sale. Now of course the people of present packs and people would deny that vehemently because they would never
try to that upfront. Remember what we went through last year? It's like day, she have all over again. Only we have a little different perspective on it this time.
Thank God called security, but last year we went through months of this. I mean months like January and February and March, even before.
Yeah, it started in January, I think. Just shortly after Bob Green took me to lunch at Christmas time and insisted the station is not for sale. It's not being sold.
And here's our plans in the audio. So the station now we understand is for sale.
So she can go on here and say, well, nobody cares about all of this and about the insides. Yes, they do because this has been an amazing radio station for the last eight years plus and we've had
a hell of a relationship with the audience and there been a lot of great talents on here, which Phil Henry hopefully is in town and going to be here either today and or tomorrow both.
But man, oh man, what they've done. I mean, even your neighborhood butcher could never do to a raw piece of meat. What they've done to WIOD in the last six months. And yes, that is important to a lot of people out there in the audience and to me and those of us who make a living in a business, which quite frankly, sweetheart, I wouldn't buy a house, even a pup tent if I were you.
So I go back to talking about, you know, have you lost your gas cap? Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the bed post overnight? Very important topics that the average Joe is very concerned about 10 30 11 o'clock at night is he's driving down a Hershey highway out there looking to be entertained.
Those are the kind of things that they want to sink their teeth into. And by the way, happy pay saw.
Did you give me a bum steer on that? What was the official starting date? Is it tomorrow tonight? Oh tonight? Tonight is pay saw. How do you like that? And I thought it was like this last weekend. I wondered what Howard Clymer wasn't eating motsas at the game yesterday.
So how do you like that? Happy pay saw to all. And what a bunch of crap Jews eat on pay saw. I'll tell you that. Motsa no taste like eating cardboard.
And what was the other stuff in Lorenzo spot about parsnips and turnips and rosemary and thyme and sage and crap like that?
Not my kind of holiday no wonder Jesus picked that time to like end it all you know what I'm saying? The last supper he said, fat okay, nail me up. It's time. If that's the best we can do, I'm ready to leave this planet.
Let's have a good holiday winner something like like poor. Um is a great holiday that even a goyem can enjoy if you need to write kind of homotox and there's something you can sink your thing into.
Yeah, I'm the one through save a little like a sedan. I want you hop inside my company car. I got the tickets and tax and eat that up. I'm gonna make it you and rainy old style.
I can do anything I want to do. I'm going to be consulting you. I'm giving that.
I got the power to hold in control.
I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood.
I don't care if you're ready to love. Just as long as you can stroke me good. I'm all the same baby and you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman. Spread your legs and I desire you. I'm gonna bone you. I'm gonna stop slot. I'm not in a real job. That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an asshole.
Give me a big kiss and I will argue still not to be amazing at it. A good kiss and I really want it.
I got it. There. Give it to me. I wanted it wrong. I needed it. I want a kiss. Give it to me. The good thing they did was. If I'd written it just like this.
is that the bridge i'm gonna try it out on the top of the isn't good it's free what
are you worried about it's great stuff that's what i think we why i called
that i don't even have to put a quarter on the phone there you go say those
quarters man coming handy someday
neal uh... who's this uh... laughter to do that it goes how like with that the
woman
who's what the one is i think it's at six o'clock or you mean brook
that brook yeah brook daniels
you mean that
you know
uh...
right
uh...
uh...
you mean her
yeah okay
right i was listening to how i don't know if you were or not
but uh... she was trying to uh...
choney raced that from uh... your uh... machine there
she kept on playing it over and over and over and over and over and she goes
did you think i had it she was talking to her producers they know did you
you know that we're a sister between
he places so many times
he uh...
just talking about your show over and over how you play it so many times so many
times
she was saying i'm just sick of it i'm sick of it
right he raced it
we should
uh...
yeah
what time was this
what time was this
this uh... god i think it would definitely have to be after six
about six o'clock at six
yeah
something like that sounds very suspicious to me
really
yeah
why what time is she on
she's on from six to nine
from six and i yeah well that's
yeah exactly how to be after six of the exact time
very hard to believe
yeah for two of choney raced and that's why you better watch yourself
just try to let you know new you better watch yourself man
yeah watching you back
okay uh... go shmur that stuff
yeah i will okay
so there you go all kinds of contra-tops going on here
we have two open lines in date six to two two w i d by the way don't talk on
here anymore george
we have two open lines and brought us you want to seven six seven nine four six
three and broward
these experts are going to come in here they're going to straighten this
join out
see what you don't understand sweetheart caran uh... erin whatever your name
is
erin summers jr
is that you've been here a total of three weeks the amount of airtime that you
had those three weeks you could stick a thimble and have room to stick the
rest in your echo you know what i'm saying
and right away she's the expert she's critiquing my show she's critiquing
the rest of the day of w i d is this and the audience is that you don't know
your ads from your elbow honey
so just kissed again and she's going out about how she don't even know if she
really has the job
so please don't tell me that we're auditioning your on the air is that another
one of these deals we're auditioning her on the air
what about that what's his name because he bought a house i see he's back this
weekend
skiing on the nice yes ski
ski is back
did you hear that
okay here's a marathon on a mobile hello
they all got how you doing good you anti female
going on you right now you got it done
so yeah i'm all wanted to color up and tell her that she sucks
i wouldn't waste my time is that a great isn't that a great topic call up and
tell me that i suck yeah i don't need anybody to tell me that i suck
and i got a question for you about uh yesterday pretty common knowledge
period of hockey game yes sir come on let's get some of these panther people
just because we stuck the joint out and didn't show up let's uh
hear some analization here today i what i what i've turned what a change from
what is it peri just to get out of my face
but on the way over there they got the marlin game on q a m
yeah i couldn't listen to the game and when i'm sitting in track
yeah the game is on seven ninety so we've been through that a million times
they shortchanged the panthers it's a real sad situation it belongs on kiss it
belongs on the fm when they have a conflict with the marlins and they stick it
on a station that nobody knows where it is nobody knows what it is and uh
it's embarrassing and i'm what i go there i'm going to kick some ass to change
that around unbelievable terrible thank you nil okay sir you're great i love
you good luck to you pal okay two open lines in day six two two two and
broard seven six seven the mobile one purple line pound iod two on the other
townlines the green lines happy paysock one triple eight four seven four nine four
six three north maimmy hello hello hello hello yes sir how you doing today okay happy
good morning to you i got a question for you yeah why do you eat so much meaning what
you're always talking about restaurants here and there you got meat turned on i
went over to woofies yesterday and they treat it be terrible yeah good they
probably knew you were an asshole they probably knew you were a jackass why do i
eat so much well you know something i hate to break the news to you but every now and then
even if you don't want to do it once in a while you got to eat you know it's one of those
rough things it's uh you got a breed you got to eat and even once in a while you got to
i know that's not a real pleasant thing but you got to do that too so when you got it all figured
out nice going wolfies kick his ass out of there okay date county all open six two two wiod
it's gonna be a brutal monday man it's paysock if you to tell me this before i'd have called in sick
today here's hollywood hello nale yes sir i've never been one to believe in it very much but
obviously aliens must have abducted the whole team they didn't show up no no they replaced them
with stiffs that look like them but no i wish i would have brought a pillow to that episode yesterday
i want to call it a game and i'm going to tell you another thing the rangers didn't play all that
great you know they didn't they were okay chase they got a million shots on the net because we
didn't have any defense and we were like uh do another we were totally impudent i'm embarrassed for
us there was one upside yeah i was watching on tv didn't have to put up with rimmer and pot man
yeah i gotta have something you mean alligator arms that would be he yeah well congratulations to eddie
for being with smell of death in a pack of skunks he's brutal he is just brutal it was every time he came
out there and started fumbling around and coughing it up and everybody's getting to the act now
they're yelling get him off of there get him off of there put him in a penalty box put him on a bench
get him off the ice now duggie he's brutal all right and you you have a good one sir back to you okay
without our last call of the day happy paysock and i'm gonna look for that check let's
sniff around see if there's a check around and then they get the hell out of here because it's
obvious to sink in a flight a day baby six two two w i o d in date if you ever lost your gas cap
we have a browered white open seven six seven nine four six three two any out of townlines here's
your last chance vokana mobile hello how you doing Neil okay sir well i just wanted to tell you
that uh it was pretty put up for yesterday yeah i couldn't believe it just couldn't believe it
but i'm not giving up i'm not you know it's it's well they've played two games what does it mean to
give up what what is that you know most of this town they probably have a marty gave them yeah i see
i'll tell you one thing friday after we had the big game thursday night one as zillion people on the
bad wagga we love you pad they're singing a song they're all excited now that we stuck the
joint out lost the game which it's only one game now nobody's got a thing to say about it
yeah my pants are so typical man it's so predictable it's pathetic it's like the weather in
anchorage man it's as predictable as your thing is long and you know the last couple days that
seemed tons of flags where were the uh a couple months ago that's right that's right driving to the
game yesterday all of a sudden here's all these people with a flag flying we want a game and i'll
guarantee there won't be any out there today oh by the way you lost a game or off of that bad
wagon real quick right another thing broke was trying to uh erase that last i heard it all about
seven o'clock friday night yeah yeah excuse me she was playing with equipment what business is
anybody got erasing anything that belong first of all it's got nothing to do with her it's not
her thing and secondly what business have people got erasing stuff that's in our computers here
yeah it took her about 20 minutes to find it because i went under her name yes it is
it's under brook it's right here it's under brook b-r-o-o-k-e it's under brook there it is right there
well okay pal get a new phone two open lines in day six two two one on the mobile one purple line
i thought we were the ones that were going to build sabotage everything wasn't that what Peter
Bulger was handing around a couple of weeks ago several weeks ago we were going to sabotage
everything and erase everything out of the you know when the people are going to grow up around
here already one of the going to grow up you don't posky around with other people's material
it's like remember i don't even know what that other geek engineers name is it runs in the
family with his engineers remember that short squat guy what that was his name that he raced
rick riley's program in a computer Charlie now what an asshole that was that comes in there and
a very arrogant and very nervous and very guilty conscience because he had no business did
them with something else but they're all little little little empire builders around here oh I
don't like that so i'm going to erase it or he had no business putting in there so i'm going to
stick my nose into it even panelchio never saw noses like we got around here man they're long
they're amazing the nose that is six ten w i o t
so somebody named sure will not be sure but somebody named sure which i appreciate very much sweet
art sends me a thing from people magazine it's all article family reunion about the godfather
and about the movie stars who were in it mostly is what it really is all about and it shows where
they are now and many of them you'd be amazed are morto marto dead sterling haiden played a corrupt
cup buddy did try the viola you had a great last meal it was the best in the city you said as he
was going yeah yeah like that sterling haiden played corrupt cop McCluskey in 1986 at age 70 he died
of prostate cancer john kazal fraydo i didn't know he was dead did you oh anyway he was a rising
star he was in uh dog day afternoon in 1978 to age 42 he died of bone cancer
Richard Castellano portrayed hitman clemenza he died of a heart attack in 1988 to date 55 he died of
fat as jack waltz john marley found a horse's head in bed 1984 he died after heart surgery
Richard cate Richard cate was a great actor by the way but you not old enough to remember sorry to it
who played rival boss don barzini died in his 60s of a heart attack in 1975
as luca bratsi lent a lenty Montana slept with the fishes in 1984 he too died of a heart attack
oh hey what is it because he was fat oh he also died of humongous fat
Alex roco who played mo green he's still having trouble seeing out of that one eye but he's still around
who else oh if you could see this picture of uh gianno russo who played carlo you would cry
anybody could believe there was a god am i he looked not saying he was a hot looking young guy but
he would look normal like your carlo right he looked uh for a while but anyway uh but new
if you look at him now with his pet pig oh my god krotec brutto multobruto anyway uh he's uh 53
years old he says he never did a movie after that where he wasn't a gangster the kind of set him
off for life also aevegoada which we all know and here's al martino no stranger to the mob al martino
says i thought i could play the role because i had lived it the problem was johnny fontain was widely
believed to be partner a pattern after frank sanatra indeed it says according to martino sanapura was so
angered by the parallels that old blue eyes and a team of lawyers tried to have the dani a johnny
fontain role cut from the movie he failed though the part was reduced in the end martino says i
sent frank a message telling him i was doing the role and thought he should step out whatever that means
he has no love for me and i feel the same for him in other words they hate each other like poison
and the sanatra still maintains that he don't know nothing where's the thing about aevegoada
here for christsecker here he is he's still kicking in alive it says uh he wants three amine
nominations for barney miller had his own spinoff fish in 1977 it was when he missed a wrap party
in 1982 for barney miller they was reported and rumored to be dead i lost a lot of work after that he
said he was rumored to be dead aevegoada he's still alive can you get me off the hook down
full time soon don't call me selling so anyway there's a for anybody that saw the godfather which
probably is none of you but you're missing it i'm telling you can't tell these people anything
here's hollywood hello hey now how you doing great great game left now oh yeah oh you mean the
Edmonton game i fell asleep in the second period after the sixteenth icing call that was back and
forth was great game what game are you talking about the beam into pants are game yes that wasn't last
night well yes the afternoon excuse me it sucked well there was a great game last night but you didn't
see it was on ESPN i watched and was on cbc it was great and it was a great performance by moge
with the final three three minutes left well anyway listen how many times is when's he going to leave
his feet there someone as many times as many times it takes to get stupid penalty so we lose games
and also what a dumb penalty to just get that greasy goal by needle nose there down a shot that
visa should have stopped and like immediately thereafter Lindsey gets a stupid charging penalty
as he leaves his feet it's obvious it's right in front of the ref and but i'm being all of a
sudden it's too nothing and i just love my people in section 230 after every time every single call
that Lindsey leaves his feet he almost hits the ceiling yeah that was real obvious yeah right
and you know something he did suck koharsky called a brutal game yesterday but we didn't lose because
of bad officiating and that was not a bad call that was a very accurate call right there but koharsky
was awful he would have awful brutal he was listen to a couple things um how how is it that the
uh... the pamphor patrol yeah when they when they're flipping these shirts up how is it that people
actually kill themselves for these t-shirts i've never seen anything like it before because this is
Miami that's what it is and they're free and they're free right and i see this one yenta she was
you know she went up for it and she landed on her head but she got the t-shirt she was happy that's
all accounts yet blood pouring from her push but uh as long as you got the shirt that's all accounts
as long as you get it and inclusion and also mandage and uh bow jangles yeah during the pregame was
unbelievable i mean they're hockey now juzum i know i saw him was that was i'm i went the
really they were out there doing a break right uh mandage says hey how do you like our anal
is he was laughing because he knows they know nothing about i said hey that's okay just keep talking
about the new york against Miami angle jimmy you'll be all right that's all they do yep and all
we expect i like that was cute that was cute somebody in the crowd had a big banner and it showed
a picture of baldie there and it said hey ranger fans our wane is better than yours i that was okay
yeah i think wane made the banner and could you do me a favor can you play the hyzen the song
which one the the asshole song not the asshole song not asshole wane he's gonna be pithed up
that stock might take a dive have a great day pal
all the kidding wane that way hyzenga such an asshole we're not he held that mannish that
he turned because he wouldn't take a shower with ankle burk asshole asshole each way hyzenga such an asshole
he's just like Hitler and Abe a brun was that he's pounding on
the
grouse
Here can't stop it.
Maranol was back there.
He has played in a tragedy,
killing for Robinson.
Here they come, the Irish.
It's dropped back for Booker Bear.
Shoot stars!
Bookburger!
The Irish!
Winnets!
Unbelievable.
What a game that was last.
Now, what a comeback.
There was a team with character,
a young, they're fast, they're, they're hanging there.
It was unbelievable.
And I want to remind you, by the way,
it was our own Brian Murray, our general manager,
who never makes a mistake, who said,
early in the year, back in November after that ugly trade,
which I won't mention was made.
He said, I'd rather have Chris Wells than,
Doug Wade, any day of the week.
Okay, whatever you say, what a sense of humor,
our GM is God.
Two open lines in Broward, 767, WIOD.
We got one on the purple line.
Put away those mozzas and get to the phone already.
Will you?
Jesus, everybody's a Jew on Paisach, man.
Always the worst time of the year, the worst.
767, WIOD in Broward, Pound IOD,
in the mobile one line, the other timelines, forget it.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing, sir?
I'm doing all right, man, I'm a new timeless,
and I'd like to call somebody a douchebag over here.
Okay, well, you're gonna give them a call.
Call them up.
We don't do douchebags, okay?
For people that got no material.
He's a new timeless, there wants to call
somebody a douchebag.
Great, this is the kind of conversation.
I say, let's just talk about crap all day.
Let's talk about crap.
I can't believe it.
I just can't believe these people, man.
It's so, you're so transparent.
It's like looking through a panaglass.
We lose the game and right away,
or we won't want to say another about that.
We sure didn't watch that other game last night
because we don't know who those guys are in that team.
Is there anybody in this town
who knows anything about anything?
Other than early bird dinners,
is there anybody who has any interest in anything?
Anything besides golf?
Here's Wilton Manners, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, the Jovo go to the metallic to concert Saturday night.
He sucked.
Yeah, I think he was out on night.
Yeah.
So he hasn't been playing a different,
for months now, I don't know what you're talking about.
He's been sticking the joint out for months.
Yeah.
He's a liability out there.
Well, I think the only power play we had
was today at Beach Place.
I went down to get tickets.
Yeah.
And there was 12 homeless people
standing in line out of 20.
Uh-huh.
No way to get tickets.
They don't have to be agent.
Now we can't get tickets.
Yeah.
So what do we do?
How do we get tickets?
Go scout some.
OK, get out here.
Quit whining.
Two open lines in Broward, 767WID.
The mobile one purple line is open.
Pound IOD.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you heard Jim really showing the weekend?
I don't listen to Jim really, sir.
I mean, that's all about you.
Yeah.
Hey, how about the Rangers taking a hat?
Meaning what?
It's all about me.
What?
What is show?
Yeah.
He just talks about you constantly.
Yeah.
So in other words, he has no material, right?
Right, right.
Uh-huh.
He always got a lot of company in this station.
What?
OK.
Hey, Ranger.
Yeah, huh?
Suck.
We have an open line.
I got news for.
Rangers didn't play that much of a game either.
They played pretty marginal if you asked me.
But we just didn't show up.
So it's pretty easy to win when the other team misses the bus.
Six, ten, double-io-d.
Miami's first work fair experiment.
That's how he said it would say.
Take it up your ass.
The Beatles, the Fab Four, the lands from Liverpool.
They shaped the music of a generation.
And now what if records presents?
Oh, my.
Tucky.
What if the Beatles win Jewish?
Oh, she's got an epic.
She's got a ticket to hide.
And she's got a ticket to hide.
And she's don't even care.
What if the Beatles win Jewish featuring the four lands
from Israel and their Yamaha cut?
Saw a cut scene.
John Lennonberg, George Harrowitz, and Morty Star.
Penny Lane.
How many?
I'll be a buck 15.
Oh, he's $3.
Get out of my yard.
Er, Tick.
Penny Lane.
Cook, cook, a chew your whore.
You say, Ohio, and I say, Shalom.
Oh, Shalom, Shalom.
So happy pay soft to, while $10.48.
So you ever lose a gas cap?
And shoul.
How about a skull cap and shoul?
We have an open line on the Purple One line at Mobile One
at Pound I-io-D and one in Broward, $7.67.
Let's talk about skull caps, OK?
How about people that make their kids go to school
wearing a little beanie?
OK, what do we do with people like that?
Who want to live in the dark ages and make their kids follow suit?
What do we do about that?
Just like your friendy accountant there.
Doesn't he worry, your arm will cook?
Does he worth this?
Yes, and he's bringing me moths today too.
Oh my God, I bet it's trife.
Wouldn't surprise me.
He only eats kosher.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, the ones that pretend the most,
it's just like those born again Christians, man.
The one that put on the biggest act, they're boning everybody.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
No, because I want to leave it on the floor.
Oh my God, another dead head over here.
Another dead head.
Are you going to speak to me or are you going to patch your round of the back?
OK, get off my line, you idiot.
Open line in day 622.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Meal.
Yes.
The only good thing about that game yesterday was I went to the base side flea market
and ate at Lombardies and you recommended it.
Good place.
Excellent.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Listen, what's with those little beanie's anyway?
Are those orthodox Jews?
Yeah, they're real orthodox Jews who are living in the dark ages who are so beanie's
into their kids here and make them go around and everybody laughs at them.
Ah, look at David over there.
He's got a beanie on his head.
I want them to make sure they're dead.
Why don't they leave that to the Pope for crying out loud?
You know, the Pope is wearing a dress.
So how you know, beanie, who's going to even look at that?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yep.
All right.
I'm out of material.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Glad you enjoyed.
Of course, stop eating so much.
You better watch yourself.
You better watch yourself.
That's what they're saying around here at the night time because we're all in big, big trouble.
That's right.
Take a deep breath, sweetie.
There you go.
I'll let you know when to let it out.
And the breath, too.
Two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three.
Boy, what a bunch of dead heads we got here today.
Come on, lift your thing up a little bit.
Lift it up a little bit.
Take a look at it.
See if it's alive.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Where in the hell is Phil, man?
Took the day off and where is he?
How to hell of why I know where he is.
He's in court doing depositions right now, I think.
Be calm in the toilet, man.
Hey, I was listening to D-fo and, uh, man, there's talking to me.
Yeah, he's got it on his mind.
We have an open line at Broward, 7679463.
We have two in day, six, two, two, two, two.
Well, when you're in the toilet, you got something like that on your, uh, mind.
Two in day, oh, this is brutal.
I'm going to play the music, screw it.
There's nothing that says I got to come in here and talk.
Okay, I can play all the music I want.
I can play Godfather and Rike Iglesias.
Oh, guess who I saw on the channel, uh, not, no, it's on,
sewer isn't that the one from South America?
Uh, Julio Iglesias Jr.
Yeah, Julio Iglesias Jr.
And one of the fruity ones.
And he said,
Grab my junior, honey.
No, he's, uh, I don't know, but today he's kind of strange looking.
He's not really as fruity looking as I thought he was.
He's kind of strange looking though.
From the lower lip down, I mean, he's, uh, I give him a 98 on scale of one.
But from the lip up, he's kind of little on the, uh, strain side.
Julio Hunir.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my name is Frank.
A long time listener, first time caller.
Yes.
Uh, two things I wanted to mention about the, uh, thing on the Godfather that you played.
Uh, there is another Italian in that movie that's still around.
That, uh, I do a jazz show in Miami on, uh, public radio once a week.
And, uh, you know, there's a jazz singer that was in that movie.
Morgana King.
Morgana King, right?
She's still around and still singing fine.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
I used to have that on the tape somewhere, but it was that long gone.
Yeah, that was great.
That was the thing, Neil, too.
She's great Morgana King.
She's a great, the stylist, very underrated to Farfinger.
Uh, secondly, uh, I was originally from New York.
Of course, I followed the range.
It's back to the Jokmen days.
But uh, a long time hockey, watcher.
And I love the panthers and it's a tough one for me, but I'm just rooting for a good series.
And I want to see a good seven game series.
Well, we haven't seen a good series so far.
I'll tell you that.
I mean the first two games I mean the Panthers played nine good minutes in the first game
No good minutes in the game yesterday and arrangers first game didn't show up and yesterday
We're nothing to write home about either
It's what I've seen in those two games as far from what you'd call playoff hockey
You know you watch the other playoff games and you see these incredible games going on and phenomenal excitement like that Edmonton Dallas
Game last night and our two games man has been about as much excitement as turd and a punchball
I know I mean I've sort of been flipping back and forth and watching some of the other games
Yeah, there's been a lot of action already in the first round right Chicago beats Colorado and over time yesterday
I mean we've had some and double overtime no less we've had some real great playoff hockey out there
But we haven't seen any of it here. Yeah, I know all right Neil. I appreciate it and have a good show
Okay pal see ya two open lines a day down at the worst Monday of our lives the worst ever
Let's say cottage today even though it's the wrong holiday
Well any holiday could be the right holiday because the show just died
Just wait till those numbers come in one of those numbers coming in by the way do we have any idea?
Oh, that's right. Maybe when the PD shows up
622 W.I.O.D. and Dave we got two open lines there. We got a parent-broward 767
We got two on the out of townlines Palm Beach worldwide audio net everybody which we haven't even had a tickle air
I don't think one triple eight four seven four nine four six three
Oh god here's a lady in four-letter day. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm a first-time listener and a first-time caller
Yes, I really enjoy parts of your show
I think you're very funny and entertaining. Yeah, you sound like you live in a locker room
Can you not find any other words other than douchebag and
Let me say let me say this to you. Okay. This is the first time you listen to the show. Yeah, it is
Your main scene and you're making me drink it 10 in the morning. I mean, it's pretty bad making you drink at 10
Amor you have a drinking problem? No, I don't know. I'm just I'm kidding
So then why are you listening is somebody holding you hostage now?
No, but I mean part three times if somebody is holding you hostage enforcing your list of the show
Okay, let me ask you something do you want to have a conversation or you just want to a pontificate?
I'm more than happy to have a conversation
It's like if you don't like the show then why are you listening?
Well, like I said it was a first-time listener and I was a fat. Let me say this to you if I turn on a radio show or a TV show
And I didn't like what I was hearing or watching
Guess what I would turn on something else. I wouldn't take the time and the trouble to call up and say well
Why don't you do why don't you do the show in a way that so I like it?
I didn't enjoy listening to your show. I said that at times you're very offensive
No, no, but you want me to do the show the way you want to hear it
You want to tell me how to do the show and what to say isn't that right?
No, I'm not telling you how to do your show. I'm just saying that you sound like you live in a locker room
No, I don't yes, you do I live in a real world and you know something I know
Okay, everybody I know uses the same words that I do in fact plenty of words that I use that we can't use on here as you know
You must hang around a lot of high schools because I don't know I don't I don't hang around high schools
We know some people who do but I don't hang around high schools. No, you don't no
So in other words you live in such a you live in such a goodie you live in a goodie too
Let me say it again. Can you hear me when I'm speaking or not? I can hear you fine. So why do you talk at the same time?
Well
What's the MW you got the radio up and back you like the sound of your own voice?
No, my boyfriend's listening. Oh your boyfriend's listening with the radio cranked up and back. Is he getting off on this?
Oh, yeah, that he sure is yeah good. Well, you can help him out. Okay, blow it out your ass
Unbelievable. Okay, she's listening. He must be forcing her to do it and listen to the show too
Sorry sweetheart
Just grin and bear it
Open line in day 622 wiu and boy talk about jappy sounded it. Why are you doing like this?
He's not like somebody else I can think of which I don't want to mention no name
Is a matter of fact
Could have been a clone
Although this one had a better radio voice. We have two open lines in Broward 767 9463 767 WIOD
That to me. I'll never be able to figure that out
I've been doing this for 400 years and people who uh, you know
Well, I like a little bit of what you're doing
But couldn't you do it this way so I could listen no
I'm not changing my show for you sweetheart go find something else to do go do something productive
Okay, go do pushups in a pickle patch go to something you might have a good time doing
Oh, that locker room language of yours. Oh god god forbid douchebag
In fact, I never mentioned the word douchebag the whole hour some asshole called here
It's like can I call a friend of mine douchebag? Yeah, call him up. Okay. I never mentioned the word douchebag once
But if douchebag offend you so much sweetheart, there must be a reason as and go look in the mirror
And push oh my god
What a what an ugly looking push
1057 a WIOD come to the park and play
Pompadot Park Racing where April is your month to win catch
Cycle cast racing Monday through Saturday from Dover, Yonkers, Hazel Park, Moehawk, Dane, your freehold the
Meadowlands Windsor, Pocano and the Meadows and of course every Friday night is TGIF at Pompadot Park
With dollar deals on drinks and food
But you better head out to the top of the park dining room tonight
If you want that two for $20 special because tonight is the last night of the season for that because the dining room closes
April 26 this weekend
But at Pompadot Park there's always something great coming on and what we got coming up is the opening again of the
International buffet on level four of the clubhouse
That's going to come on April the 30th which is on a week from Wednesday
Don't get weird on us. It's only radio
610 WIOD Miami fort Lauderdale
Oh Neil my queen
God
Oh
Right 1103 at WIOD happy Monday happy paysox even the goiom are celebrating day and
Let's go to us here. She is here's the happy poem lady happy poem
Hello there. Yes, ma'am boy that woman was a sure little yeah, she was great. Oh boy
She's just put on an act that her boyfriend put her up to it. He stuck her up to it
Oh, yeah, that's what you call us a greater in club
Ha ha yeah, and
I'm calling specially to wish you a season paysox a season paysox you're not eating any of that trick are you?
Yes, I you're not eating matsu's are you the lady in your puppet like a brick?
I started this morning. I had some farful
Farful I
Remember farful the dog
Well, do you remember farful the dog? No on TV years ago on some TV show
There was a character called farful the dog right yeah, I guess
He isn't here and I guess not probably not uh-huh that's going around so how are you doing? I'm doing okay
I'm glad to hear got a bunch of dead heads out there today, but we'll wake him up yeah
Well, they're all on the way to schloemies for the free months of probably
Cape your channel. Yeah, that's what they always tell me yeah have a great day. Thank you there happy paysox
Same to you bye bye bye bye now
We have an open line at day 622 one and brow at 767 even the mobile one purple line which is never ever ever ever ever
Available is busy right now
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I don't need okay
Yeah, everybody's always talking about that afternoon news guys wanted to say what a pleasure is he
Here Lisa Lou Perry. She's great. We lovely salute Perry. Hi, by the way. Your name is Lou Perry is your last name
Right, she came over from kiss FM. I miss she's great, right?
And she's also woman. How do you like that? So I'm not ripper see if you got talent
I'll go on here and say I think you're great if you stink. I'm gonna say you stink right now. She she was always good
I'm asking does a tax on own QVC
Not that I know of they they owned home shopping network which I don't think they own anymore
Oh, that's where he made he stepped into that crap and made a ton of money and now all of a sudden he's dangerous because he's got a lot of money
Oh, all right
I thought you don't keep it. All right
That's it. Maybe he does I don't know
But the only reason I think is because his dark hand is like every where you look his dark hand is in the background
There was there was a QVC sponsored
NASCAR
crashed a couple weeks ago. Yeah, and all that when they interviewed the driver all he kept to every other word was god damn it and
And damn this and the hell with this guy and guy
Yeah, I thought I was telling the wife that I wonder if he's gonna have a job next week
But I don't know now he'll just start saying god dang. Yeah, yeah, that'd be better. All right
Thanks a lot see you in god dang
All right and thank you, no we have two open lines in date six two two not is it right next to denang is god dang
Two open lines in date six two two two W.I.O.D
We got one in Broward seven six seven nine four six three if you're offended by douchebag
If you're disgusted and revolting by the gutter locker room language on this show if you think that we ought to be hanging around high schools waiting out in the parking lot
I
Know some people are probably hanging around elementary schools, but I won't make you know names yet
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello. Good y'all to feel. What is it good y'all to good y'all to have to use sir
Question for you. You don't wear a beanie on your head. Do you know? Oh, thank god. Oh, can't say that
Good question for you yesterday's game, which we won't go into length about was there a game yesterday here?
It's a little common do think could afford a few notice once you read these come central today. Yeah
Four page spread or two double page spread
Uh, qualifying the Rangers where we won the game Thursday night. Yeah, if you remember by the half of page. Yeah
This town is like
Forget it with anything. Well, they need to deal with the other sport but hockey
But the football right
Yeah, well, they do and you know, it's interesting that all the articles in here. I mean, Dave Joseph's column and Dave hide and
The chair anchor airvie article in here says the same thing. Yep says the same thing and you know the worst thing that could have happened
Would go ahead and get that first goal. Oh, that took the scene. I hate him that was a pretty greasy gold. Beeser should have had it
Beeser should have had it just inside the blue line of course. Where was the defense?
Where was the defense on a three on one?
The Rangers got the power play were short-handed and we give them a three on one were a man short
I mean, I have never seen anything so embarrassing seldom in my life. That was pathetic
That's the I went from blue line to blue line right down the board. Yep
I'll see you on one with the power play. How come we're not back where the hell are our guys?
What are they thinking about while we're still in the game?
I've also liked another conversation Doug McLean gave to Marty Strock after he whiffed on that one
When he shouted wise
Well Doug McLean don't like Marty Strock in the first place
I'm gonna tell you the only good shift that we had for many buddy in that game was Strockas first shift in the game
Strocka was great
He was in there for check and he was kicking ass
He was keeping it in and then he eventually
Duro penalty when they hauled him down for the third time
Gauharski finally had to call it so Strocka had a great shift there
He did miss the buck the puck was bouncing on a one-year talking about what the wide open net
Because the ice here is the worst in league. It's a nightmare and the puck was bouncing
But then you know just also uh finally latent the game he puts Strocka out there with lorry and shepherd on the power play after we were out of the game
But the coach now has got a new lover boy and that's Kirk Mueller
He's obsessed with Kirk Mueller
Kirk had a couple of good games there
So now all of a sudden Kirk's on his regular shift he's out there in a power play in set of Strocka
He's all over the place and the what did he do?
One hand one good shot that was it the ranger really took out
Melon being shepherd out of the game. Yep
It really ached them out like we did with Krebski and well
We played with with no intensity whatsoever. We got a lot of stupid penalties
Lindsay's Lindsey's dumb penalty was unconsumable and he's been doing that a lot lately and he should know better
We Billy Lindsay doesn't need to be a goon on this team to play well. That's not what we pay him for
No, okay, we all know one thing McCleen must have told was keep your hands in your
I used sick. Yeah, and you're saying the bill empty happens to be a good looking for the penalty
ridiculous. Yep
All right, let's hope for a better one tomorrow. Okay pal. We're still alive. All right, see ya
They hit us with three goals and we're still alive
We have an open line in day 622 W I O D. We have two and Broward 7679 463
Here's Kendall. Hello, hey Neil how's going? Okay on that first bowl with Gratsky
The Bees are why was he so like far out of the goal? He was very when I saw the replay
He was way I mean
There's nothing wrong with being out of the goal to cut down the angle
But he just was not in the right position
He was at a wrong angle. He was like four foot out of the goal. Yeah, I thought he was a little too out
And he didn't have it out of the way. No, he wasn't too far out
He just was on a he didn't have he was on a bad angle
He just didn't cover the right part of the net right right. Yeah, well hopefully we'll pick it up tomorrow
Yeah, spy report. Yes
That guy on Zeta Paul. Yeah
He's through and hockey bits to copy and you like exact to the tee almost talks like you now. What do you mean hockey bits?
He does hockey highlights now. Oh no in the morning. Oh no
I happen to listen to Zeta of the uh, Friday morning
And he like at seven in the morning. Yeah, and he does your bit at seven in the morning
Well, does my bit what do you mean my bit what bit does hockey highlights? He's eating on the air
You know, I think he got a copy at all you from it
Well, that's one thing about Paul man
He never had an original even when he farts. It smells like somebody else's have a great day pal
Okay, oh, I shouldn't have said that get that bitch upset that called before
That's got her boyfriend in the other room with the radio turned up real out that fucking bitch
Yeah, go find something you might be able to relate to okay go turn on the uh, Jenny Jones
Something go to go to Jenny Jones maybe you could lose some weight you slob
God almighty. I these women in his town
That's a big part. You know, we had a lot of women come up to me yesterday before the game
I signed autographs that were very nice
Can we get our picture made with you no problem
But I'd say about 85 90% of the women in his town got no sense of humor whatsoever
They're uptight they're repressed. They're living like in the uh 15th century already
Here's a lady in Delray Beach. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. You're a lady who's not uptight and repressed. Well, thank god right damn it
You're in rare form today. Yeah, be Monday and happy
I'm in good form the audience sucks, but I'm doing okay. I'm doing fine always listen
Neil this a little spy report. Yes, Saturday night. I'm sitting down to dinner
I put the television on channel four and who is anchoring the news, but
Michelle Gellon. How do I know that? I just had a psychic premonition. Okay. Michelle right
So you ever see her nose and Wayne Gretzke's together? It looks the same. Uh-huh. Same nose one person right and no more black hair
It's like lighter. It's real long and hanging. She looks like a cocker spine. You'll uh-huh
He's owing and going and gagging and so unprofessional. It's just embarrassing. Yeah
Anyhow, I just as long as you're ripping everybody in a hole today
You have to get on I don't know why she keeps popping up here like a bad penny she keeps showing up here over and over again
Well, they couldn't stand her here before they can't stand her here now and they kicked her out in New York kind of like the Irene Richard of TV
She keeps coming back even though everybody hates her like poison. She keeps coming back exactly
Okay, Neil I'm out of material. Thanks for the bad news right
Have a great day. Bye bye
We have two open lines in date six two two W. I. O. D. We have one in Broward seven six seven call us today and tell us that Karen Kay is great
Dare to be great like Glenn Turner with that hair lip dare to be great baby and she don't even have a hair lip
Here's poppin. Oh hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing this morning? My spot? I'm doing okay
Listen, I just want to call and let you know. I think you're the greatest talk show host I've ever heard
I want you to know you the greatest nut sack in Halo I've ever heard yeah yeah
And happy nut sack
Very good very happy nut. Yeah
Rich reminds me of my mother get ready America for a new tennis shoe that Candice King Ridge says I love
Introducing
Air
With stiff nipple traction for the big girls who like to go the extra mile
Just slide them on and pump them up and get ready for some one on one
Just 69 bucks this week air dikes wherever Melissa Etheridge CDs or so
Air dikes
Look for the shoe with a long
Tonna 1117 at W.I. He was reminding me there's a really really really well or two things in the sun sent
On the editorial page in the off-head page one is a very good letter by a Harvey Freilich in sunrise
Religion is a divisive force and he goes on to say about religions a bunch of crap nice going Harvey you two bastard
And then on the other page Cal Thomas that good born again right wing Cal Thomas
He used to be a didn't used to sleep with the jury fall well or the fishes or somebody like that
Another one. He's right wing Christians out there ignore the bad boost the good
And it's got a really stupid editorial cartoon here too by the way
Here's the cover of Time magazine tinkerbell tells all and tinkerbell is saying I'm a fairy
Then here's L.C. The board and cow saying I'm a homo holding a thing of milk
And then here's popular mechanics saying with ready kilowatt saying I'm AC DC and here's Jim Maddett saying I like it
So it's all on there on the cartoon
Ignore the bad boost the good and Cal Thomas is the Hakanah trying to get about Ellen and Ellen is coming out
And those awful TV people and about family values and boppa bond other it's all a bunch of propaganda and it's not entertainment
So here it is he says all over America the New York Times tells us lesbians will be partying on the night of April 30th
During Ellen's broadcast all those amiss type here and it says hezbians
Thesbians will be celebrating that must be what it is
Some hip television critics are praising the network for its daring and courage
Here you go listen to this real courage would portray Ellen or one like her as a heterosexual married stay at home mom
Who goes to church with her husband and children votes Republican loves Ronald Reagan listens to rush limbaugh and honors her country
Oh, yeah exactly
Oh my god. Oh hallelujah and probably gives a sense might a gym baker and Tammy fade to in her spare time
So Tammy can afford that expensive makeup
Wake up and sniff it man wake up and sniff it right now before it's too late
What are we doing for lunch today by the way just to piss off the guy that says I eat too much
It's a habit, you know eating is every now and then you just find yourself eating a meal
When you least expect it there you are sitting down there's food in front of you. You're eating a meal
I know it's a terrible habit
Although I understand that if you go like three four months without eating you won't want to anymore
Yeah, oh, I think it's more than that
So what do we want to do Wayne Arnold on paysox that would be good?
Notice it's start tonight at sundown or last night tonight at sundown so we're still safe
Even if it's trache you're still safe even if it's trache until sundown tonight then put that beanie on your head get out your
titsis
Lay your to fill in
Hock a china put your hands pay us get your toles in your payus
or just pay us and
Stand over to candle and dovet over the candles right dovet over those candles baruchatoo
baruchatoo
barucha
however
Buruch your nose
It's one thing you never forget after you learn at kaka and Hebrew and you have your barmerds of all that
all those bubble mices men
baruchu
All right crap isn't tonight when they say manistana halal haze
not halayla whatever samson and halayla
Moni stana halayla haze
Why is this monday so full of crap like all the other ones because it's monday god damn it
that's what that means
as in every month again donner's tiktok are how can i try to put some other
bubble my season some of the silly holiday right harvies sunrise right on
sweetheart
two open lines and date six two two who stole the maca
open line and broard seven six seven the dead heads are at it again today man
the dead heads
so mccallon marir what
yes what i just say that would be great
all to have those pork white hearts on uh... pays off would really piss off
these the orthodox bastards like your accountant there would add beanie so
down to his head
here's north candle hello
hello yes i am
good morning
this is for squally
the real for squally
uh... do you ever find out what the word finito mean
finito
finito means finished right okay i've got already but what do you think i find
out like i didn't know what that mean
i know you didn't have time i heard it my faction
sure i did
okay i don't think you know finito bonito
all of the seven said when they hung his dead ass in the line finito bonito
anyways i watched the game
yesterday and we were finito before it started yes and the crowd you were right
i think it was right you mentioned the crowd and eight they uh... the tv scanned the
crowd and they look like they were dead yeah
and i think the crowd has fifty percent of what the team does
and they've just sitting there like that yeah it was very dead crowd
there has been no playoff atmosphere in that arena for either one of these games
even though we won the first one
no playoff atmosphere whatsoever
and you watch the games these other cities and they're going ballistic and i
have their first playoff game they were going nuts and last night in edmonton
i mean they had the big oil rig out there before the game on the ice and they had
the laser show and they really went ballistic
this has been uh... very weak very weak this year here
yeah well when they pan the coach it looks just like the crowd also
yeah
stands there just to and dumb i don't know what he is but uh...
also the words he lost the game yesterday so now he's a bad coach is that what
is returning on him i never liked him
never liked yeah
uh... i don't know if he's i think he's a good guy
to go to the stand-up finals last year now you're not getting my buddy
dog McLean just because he was a life of necklace
no no i don't like him
yeah why not
why because he never smiles he looks like a bad person
that's all i like the team i like everything i don't like him personally
how about that coach of phoenix hey
he never smiles
they kicked ass yesterday they had a big year but the panthers are my team
yeah okay thanks so much pal there's a guy's worried about what the coach
smiles and i there's a real typical south for the hockey fan for you
you don't like the coach because he never smiles all right
smile a lot more doggie come on let's go
even if alligator arms didn't pick up the check smile anyway
date county six two two nine four six three all three day lines are white
open it's a disgrace you talk about having an intelligent hockey conversation
that's one thing there's never any fear of hearing an ishtown
from the so-called fans because they know nothing nothing
less than nothing hey ref you suck all right very good
here's Cape Coral hello come on and nail
when is this hey i happen to hear you mention farfall
yeah Jimmy Nelson was over here in Cape Coral
Jimmy Nelson had farful the dog there was 400 years ago right
that's right there's the Nestleys commercial right that's where it was right
that's not that long ago it's only what about seventy eight years ago
uh... oh by the way uh... did you have to see uh... dianne soyer's interview with
i did not with whom sammy the bull no no i did not
he said the godfather movie was
a yeah was great yeah we already heard that we already heard that on a
friday with eighty five calls about that okay
one thing we're not going to get the godfather movie over here why not
i called a mc and uh... cop yeah they say we're not going to get it
that really stinks yeah
well anyway object wqa m so when you change comes will be able to be able to
hear you over here in Cape Coral great
uh... we're looking forward to god bless you pal thanks have a great life back
see uh...
open lines indeed all three six two two w i o d six two two nine
nobody in date ever lost their gas cap
nobody in date wants to bitch slap anybody okay
nobody in date likes the uh... karen uh... area whatever her name is summer show
here's a mobile in uh...
pompano hello i don't know okay i watch the game and uh...
we really need uh... go see the same things up i always got to either sit them all
down
sit them all down and give them a good talk and or switch some lines up
yeah that uh... that gracey goal that bees are that in
the one of the two of the three were greasy yeah
i want to get you as you set up perfectly for it the thing is he went down on the
park
they tend to see a goal you know when it's so much you thought i don't agree with you
i saw the right watch the delivery plan he was uh... he didn't play the angle
well at all
the angle's great
no it was not
okay
to stick their well he blew it anyway he whift on it to win right through his legs
yeah he got those greasy goals of killing every time they got uh... now when i
robot i got that uh... he thought he had it the puck frozen there and he just uh...
kept pushing away and whacked it under his uh... pad that was really i mean
to greasy goals but you know something it doesn't make a difference because he
they got one other one and we didn't get any you can't win too many games with no
goals that's right we got to get our our goal score production up and uh...
good good so the next two nights tomorrow wednesday in New York will find out which
is the real panther team the one that won those three big games in a row against
jersey and pit spurg and arrangers or the one we saw for like weeks and weeks and
and the one that resurfaced unfortunately yesterday weird it's ugly push in uh...
the ranger game yesterday that's right we'll find out who the real oil panthers are
next game is the clincher as far as uh... the rest of our uh... your goals okay take care
see you
day county this is your last call and date i'm never gonna give these numbers again it's the last
time i've ever given these numbers and you can take that to the bank if you want they won't
accept it six two two nine four six three six two two w i o d we have one open line and
broward seven six seven nine four six three how's that wane stock doing today huh the whole
world is sitting back waiting to see if that wane stock is gonna cut creep up over thirty if we're
gonna be able to retire by the end of the week everybody's worried about this is w i d really
for sale again let's start a bunch of wild rumors here today let's get with it let's get with the
program you just a bunch of dead heads a bunch of sour pie and like i said phony phony phony this
could be the phony is town on the face of the earth everything here is like on a on a like it's
been on egg shells it's a it's a deck of uh... falling tilting deck of cards
there's no real support here for nothing okay and by the way that speaking of support in
jock straps that big slogan they got this year show me the cup and all the NHL games all the playoffs
and all over the arena yesterday when we walked in they handed us the big red and white sign show me
the cup that's exactly the same thing that Graham James got in trouble for saying to uh... uh...
sheldon kennedy and lots of others show me your cup but they don't uh... don't confuse gerry
betman with the facts he don't embarrass easily by the way happy paysock a gerry betman you little
torp you and get rid of that in the a crease rule immediately if not sooner you and brine burk
are you people out of your minds or what i got your crease over here
eleven twenty seven at w-i-o-d
George six ten w-i-o-d
not just for snack time anymore
maybe you love my jockey shorts
thanks to the state of california ebonics has become an official language
but on the east coast in brooklyn pizanix is ruling the street
you guys check out the bambinos on that broad and get a load of repulpa english translation
i really enjoy her company so's last night i banged the hell out of this chicken this real
classy joint english translation i made love to her in the back of my camera
yeah yeah i'm the main tenon's director we're all the you tang out english translation
i'm a janitor at the elementary school if you'd like to get your copy of hookdown pizanix
just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope and shove it under the back door of mario's over on
the west end will be in time or just shove it eleven thirty two at w-i-o-d happy
monday happy pizanix it's a great day don't let one game go let the marlin slide don't
let sports okay don't let sports destroy your life it's only a game right so you lost
a big bet now it's starting to get serious here's tamara hello hello nil yes sir
how are you great hey uh this is this the panther team that with that everybody knows that
uh you know we watched yesterday or this is the panther team that we saw play uh pretty much
this way for the last uh i'd say uh... december jane where for every march most of April yes
now if you want hockey nil didn't you see that Pittsburgh Philadelphia game on Saturday night and
now that's hockey yeah i saw parts of it that that's hockey i didn't i saw most of it yeah you know
and well i didn't to watch Edmonton Dallas last night that was the best game of the playoffs so far
so far well i thought it was uh the the game less than four no you're wrong sir less than four
minutes left it's three nothing Dallas Edmonton scores three goals the last two within a 12
second span to tie it and then wins it in overtime right whoo yeah right that was the best game
in the playoffs so far but i was on a yes pn but because we got so many real fans in this town nobody
here saw that either well i must have missed that i just see i hate to break the news to you but if
you're going to be a fan of a sport just watching your local team especially when the playoffs come
around that really doesn't enlighten you very much as to what's going on do you know what i'm saying
uh hey let me ask you something Neil you're going to 56 is this true i mean yes
if you are going to yes i am to that little shack or that little bill no we're gonna have a new studio
in a different building not in that little shack no a nice brand new studio in a different building yes
uh okay because i i couldn't see you like working in that little shack you know you know something
when you're listening on the radio you could be doing it out of a broom closet and the audience
doesn't know because it's radio uh we could be sitting in a two by three broom closet right now
saying we got a beautiful big studio and you don't really know for sure do you
no but every time i drive by there i think if you just i'm saying no Neil just can't go to this place
here this is not going to be for him yeah what did i just get through tanya well you could do it
in a broom closet then i guess no i just got through tanya we're going to be in a big new beautiful
studio but you don't it doesn't seem to be registering it doesn't seem to be penetrating
uh huh hey Neil you got to do me a favor i want to hear that pop-up song we have two open lines
in date six two two nine four six three six two two two w i d how about just a little bit for
this guy okay that's enough and uh one open line in power at seven six seven nine four six three
here's margate hello Neil yes sir are you doing okay hey what's going on in your part is not a
thing over here man dead as a door nailed do a today dead on arrival dead on a run huh god it's bad
coming in give me a hard time huh no boyfriend oh screw that bitch yeah they don't deserve to talk to you
so what's going on what can we do for you today sir what do you have on your mind i just want to call
you and tell you okay two open lines in broard seven six seven nine four six three two in date six two
two w i o d two on the Palm Beach lines the world wide lines yadu and it why does anybody show up on
monday because monday for me is payday don't have no check yet but monday for me is payday
but i'm sure i'm positive that any minute now bonny will come running in
mulchie and have that envelope with that nice little paycheck and a warp on he had that check in
there and she'll say praise Jesus and i'll say god bless you sweetheart zai kizon happy paysoff
and get out of here see i hate to break the news to you but there's no such thing i i shouldn't really
say this because some people just are emotionally not ready to handle this there is no such thing is a
Jew for Jesus it is not possible it can't happen it is a contradiction in terms
Jews don't believe in Jesus that's like Mormons for Buddha it just isn't possible okay sweetheart
sorry let's get these phones blazen baby you're dead or an adornail today man date county six two two
wiodbroward seven six seven nine four six three this is the deadest day i can remember in history
in recent history program director no sign of him hide in her hair ain't seen no sign of him today
they probably changed his mind here's fort lauderdale on a mobile hello you don't do see that sign
and in the arena i'll weigh in better than you yes we talked about that already sure yes
okay okay you go do you still go to the track do you still go to pump it up once in a great
way yes okay because uh you know as far as uh i haven't seen your vet there so i was wondering
if you show up there i haven't seen my vet what do you scour the parking lot i work out i work
valley yeah and usually you pull your car up to valley and i usually all your parking there i have
never i never park in valley are they never park in valley usually show me where your car is or way
never park in valley i park in the our lot and everybody who works there knows i have an
hour sticker which they treat me very well i never park in valley because just was looking forward
to driving your car but he isn't going to drive my car so you know a sudden never no chance never go
to listen with regard to the pantheon oh my god i'm going to kill myself on a year today
oh you know you know you don't do that i'm going to do it today isn't i don't want you to feel
responsible but you're responsible i bet you are a small little gun i bet you will yeah 22
yeah just one right in the back of the head uh huh who's just like in a godfather right what's
the matter with you today there's nothing wrong with me today but you're you're talking kaka
everybody i got on here day nine out of ten of them you're for your full of kaka you got nothing
bring them subject and i'll talk about it again how about how about the dial tone
two open line ever had you heard a good doubt i guess he's here one right now two open lines
in date six two two two w i d we have one on a mobile one purple line pound i d how about gas caps huh
people want to hear about if you ever lost the gas cap on your car which is why now of course
they haven't tied on there if you got a car that's worth anything although it's interesting on a 96
corvette it's not like it doesn't have one of those things the 97 value will be pleased to know when
you go out there and spend your 42 grand or whatever it is that's got a gas cap that's like a
tied right in there it's got that thing it's like tie it's a tie on and you can't yank that off you
can't pull it off you can't rip it off it's it's locked on air man never ever to be seen again
open line on a mobile one purple line pound i o d yeah i see your car in valley of valley park your
car all the time right whatever you say just keep making crap up pretty soon you'll be working
into herald with material like that here's a mobile in four-letter deal hello mobile in four-letter
deal is is dead okay open line of broward seven six seven here's a lady in north mime beach hello
lady in north mime beach hi Neil yes all right you are the greatest now i used to go to the
Alex Bennett show i would meet you in the hallway and i'd tell you you are the greatest yeah but don't
knock it because the food was great anyway happy pay saw and i want to tell you uh i did buy
hydron because you recommended it and you're right it's wonderful it is and keep smear in it yeah it is
and so is that step for the bathroom what is it called clean shower yeah that is also wonderful
when i tell you it's great it's great uh well i know that that's why i bought it uh huh and uh let's
see Neil i really uh can't remember what else i wanted to tell you but you are the greatest okay
won't get no argument for me i know i'm here to be agreeable okay sweet art so long okay
two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two i'm sorry that we're intruding
on your lives today i really want to apologize personally for that excuse me for doing that okay
here's a lady in tamara hello hello yes ma'am this is a bit of trivia last week i was watching jlenno
and he had i never watched jlenno he had alan king on celebrating 40 years of black and i never watched
alan king or jlenno or even larry king larry king that's the one larry king well anyhow
i don't know was it larry king or was it alan king larry king i know how to do a torture yeah and
at least during they shared with a picture of him early in his career right yeah he had dark hair
and long sideburn was that the one where he was saying don't be trusted us right he was clutching
a microphone and the core letters on the microphone with w i o d right i thought it was quite uh
coincidental i thought you might be you didn't know that he worked here no oh yes oh
but anyhow in fact here's one of the first things he said on here which got him fired was the
worst talk radio ever heard my life on w i d and that was the end that was it
well that was the picture that they showed yeah it was quite interesting work like an axe murder didn't
they he looked different with the dark hair on the long sideburn yeah didn't look like the same
person but i just thought you might be interested thanks for the good news okay back to his eye
gizouan okay we have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three one and
broward on a lary kingline seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven lonely all you got
here's fort lauderdale hello good morning yo yes sir happy monday to you happy monday happy uh vainty
one o d uh whatever it is april yeah so you're all set for your satyr no i'm not with your exorbitant
leaprised my foot no i mean we don't uh celebrate such crap no no no uh no uh no uh no uh no uh
we don't eat no parsnips or turnips we don't do that my uh family i see you don't uh you don't dip
not once but twice for what like uh with uh with the parsley in the fault water and uh i
i don't even know what that's all about that's one bubble my seat that's escaped my brain so far
what do you do with the assault water in the apparcely you got it it's in it's in the uh
gotter you got a dip it in oh it's in the hogota excuse me hogota damn but anyway you should
do you should have a satyr and invite uh bud yeah there you go and uh show them as they as they say
as they say in jirusselam hubman dred no okay no i'll look to you happy pay sauce pal okay get another
20th century would be nice we have an open line and browards i even adam's not gonna have no satyr
okay your family doesn't do that crap do they oh they do like i said adam's families in the stone age
open line of browl it don't you want to stand it's part of being Jewish we have to keep our
heritage it's part of our ritual yeah so what those animal sacrifices too okay
that's what those Haitians are saying every time they're sacrificing their choking those chickens
oh it's part of our tradition man wonder how cliff the pool man is doing by the way nice job cliff
also we should have reduced the the price on my pool because i got them another job at norm
kent's house i guess you owe me about 500 back right right cliff okay just leave it in the pool
open line and browards seven six seven w i o d by the way i'm buying a brand new dryer i'm paying for it
because my dryer repair got kind of vanished from the face of the earth i don't know what that's all about
i don't i have no idea what happened to him but uh hey you know and i want to mail him a check for
whatever he tried to do for me which uh didn't work out but i bought a new dryer yesterday at
brandsmart karen just in case you keep in track because she was very nervous that it was very boring
might taking 15 seconds on here and mentioning that my dryer was broken i bought a nice new
whirlpool by the way i was over at brands marty yesterday no me and they love me over there and the
transaction took about three minutes and yes i paid for it so put that in your book okay sweetheart
and i want to tell you something you better watch out but what was the line you better watch
yourself you better watch yourself
1143 yeah exactly 1143 at w i o d about 10
w i o are we on a year or one huh like name is coming
here at your first
unbelievable man it's like old times it's like like i said are we on air it's like old times okay i
was just trying to do something there but since it's about a 10-stage process in here
screw it hey listen uh that ought to keep him happy i'm going to write a book about our six months
with paxson and about the first four chapters are going to be about the engineering department
about roi and about George butch and his pictures of naked pregnant women
and about that guy Charlie Charlie what what was it is he's still around or is he uh yes but he's
on vacation right now oh he's on vacation hopefully permanent and then of course there was always
max the dearly departed max oh god he could sure eat a free meal could he like in fatso
where they were saying oh he he sure loved his cord didn't he he sure loved this food
always had something good on him here's a mobile in uh navy hello hey nea how you doing great
about uh two weeks ago i was in Orlando at the Orlando arena there was a big motivational program
that Anthony robins put on and oh Anthony robins that figure yeah right oh there's some good good
speakers there and in the middle of the whole thing one of the speakers was your buddy Larry King
yeah uh he was sort of i don't know what he was there for to be very honest but he kind of
humid up and he did do some reminiscent about some stories and he mentioned wiod and uh different
things that happened while he was down in in the Miami area yeah do you mention he mentioned all
the money that he borrowed from people under false pretends that ever paid him back no he didn't talk
about that oh i don't know why he didn't talk about i've been doing this a long time yeah he probably
felt uneasy talking about that yeah but it was really i mean an excellent program and it's kind of cute
to see him there it was cute to see him there it was cute to see him there because it kind of
bounced off of all the serious people over there because i know a lot of the people at the he
owes five grand and two grand they they'd love to have the money back i will i give it to you they
want it back i will i give it to you well i'm sure i know one guy the dog food guy that i did
business with many many years ago he'd like to have that five grand back i will i give it to you okay
well was there is the only story you spoke about in all of all of the work that he did with years
with only about Miami he didn't he didn't talk about where he is now well you know you know how
sometimes your memory uh twist and turns and you know what i'm saying the past the passage of time
kind of romanticizes the way you remember things in the past uh huh i think Larry may be uh
slightly guilty of that well i will i give it to you there's a disease out there that they say
you remember the past but you don't remember what you did yesterday right there you go whatever you say
have a great day and thanks for the bad news we have two open lines andbroward seven six seven
nine four six three here's a lady mobile and four-letter deal hello hi yes ma'am i i just wanted to
tell you you mentioned youth for Jesus i wondered if you'd ever been to a bar mitzvah for a
youth for Jesus do they have it i went to one lunch it was the most bizarre thing i could have
ever imagined to see the most solemn Jewish ceremony being played for people who are singing
praise Jesus songs and and i got to tell you i still have i still have nightmares about it
baruchatah tonight Jesus loves you all that stuff right and uh you know it's just like unbelievable i
i don't know how they can call themselves Jews i don't know why they can't they can't it's ridiculous
it's it's aesonine it's the silliest thing i've ever heard in my life well it certainly is and you
know i it's like it's like buddhist for Joseph Smith i mean it's just uh they don't you know
what i'm saying it's like trying to take a square pig and stick it into a round uh thing
it's like saying republicans for clinton right well no at least republicans can vote for clinton
that that's uh that's different but when you're talking when you're talking about a belief system you
can't uh what what's the point you know what i'm saying what's the point right right it's all the
same bull crap anyway anyway have a great day sweetheart god bless you and happy paysock open line
six seven let's hear about the turnips let's hear about the haga da that's what we want to hear about
let's hear about the parents out there that are forcing their kids to go to school with
beanie sewn onto their heads so that everybody can hold your kids up to ridicule and sit back and laugh
today oh look at tamiya over there and not only that but what kind of a Jewish name is tamiya anyway
when you come right down those kids heads in the toilet does the beanie get flushed
when they dunk those kids heads in the toilet
all you mean to do is for jesus is that how they baptize them here's cutler ridge hello
cutler ridge going once nail yes sir how you doing ever okay well if we look at it now i think i have
the solution to it all to what with the jesus and the juz maybe the rest of these maniacs will combine
all the religions together it'll take so goddamn wrong to do one ceremony one one have to deal
with them anymore uh-huh but keep them off the streets yeah exactly keep them off my tv set that would
be good for tv is nice you ever see the new out of what i've been on for a while it's about panel
about five of them and i won big blind hair lady and they're singing songs all four o'clock in the
morning i put it on and they're singing songs talking about big bless with a million dollars and i
bet you they got that number at the bottom of the screen yeah eight oh oh yeah two numbers just send
you all money the the lord needs your money exactly right hey did you catch any of the draft this
they open up the envelope and it says good god that's good no i do not watch the NFL drafter and
how come how come jimmy johnson drafted this bozo from uh you and what's that all about i don't know
you know jimmy he's got something up his and let me ask you this you know do you know anybody if
you ever met anyone in your life named jatil not at all there you go i rest my case listen
like early in the first round there was jumping from city to city and they had that hang up there
and why don't even remember where he was i just thought he stupid yeah and he looked like
isn't there you could see him reading the teleprompter and he just looked like he was about the bus
you know he is about to bust he wouldn't even move is like if a fly would have landed on him he
better watch it because when i come over there i'm gonna have a lot of free food brought in so he
better uh open up a little cavity have a great day pal god bless you okay we have an open
line there's a real religious young man there for you there's a man who says oh god that's good
open line and date six two two nine four six three show me your cup that's what we're all singing
show me your cup i told that to jody holly skated right off over to the bench we have an open line
and broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d here's a mobile in west
palm beach hello i nil yes sir quick comment on the game yesterday what game the hockey game
yeah that game was over 30 seconds into the match when uh need a myers get it to the blue line and
all feet decked them went down in the heap the game was over right there how about when bill how
about when bill burg went down in the corner got the crap how did i do it it was down there for like
three minutes how about that game was over ready Neil yeah the game was over at the end of 30
seconds to have no balls is that it that's it team that went to the Stanley Cup finals so in other
words between that last year and it'll be so in other words between friday and sunday my ranger
fan between friday and sunday they lost their balls that's right uh-huh that was one big check on
mistanita mire yeah yeah yeah okay it could be a long series whatever you say hi good luck to you
another smart ass ranger fan they want a game all of a sudden they're hot crap i think he's got
part of that right anyway they didn't show me much yesterday they didn't uh i mean a real team
yesterday the way we played they would have you know scored eight goals they would have blown us
right out of the water open line and day it six two two nine four six three but just like all
New Yorkers and by the way the good news is in one oh six we had an obnoxious ranger fan are there
any other kinds not too many and obnoxious ranger fans sitting way down toward the front who got his
ass tossed out of there yesterday i wrote in the third period i don't know for what but i'm not
gonna ask no questions we were ecstatic we were celebrating and yes i did leave early
and you don't need to ask the next time when we get up and make the exit oh you're leaving
to now yes i am what a bunch of of nosy yetis man oh you can't be leaving early the game is over
man get a life yes i am exactly couldn't set a better myself strap on your two belt we've got work to do
six ten w i o d my m e ford lauderdale i know that the lord even loves neo rogers
oh my god
now the quote depends on you and the powers you possess
wow since you saved his life with your flying scissors life he's got a job for you to do
oh
you have a brand new style too
we love the way you want your do with the make me on your chest and all troops you're tight
yes if ending those two are old friends boy
oh
oh
oh
who's with the speed of gucazel
thanks to bad guy straight to hell
when a building starts to work with your image then we know you're crushing
growing with one mighty
yeah good
our question today our poll question canis mas macho wonder woman or the virgin Mary
we have an open-line and broward 7679 463 7
she no virgin anymore 6 7 w i o d
who wonder woman here's a mobile in four lauderdale hello
neo yes sir for the past five years i've been with a uh a Jewish woman i've been having to uh
the same path over every year and let me tell you what an experience that's been that i don't
have to go this year well what kind of crap is are you getting fed or were you getting fed
add up puppies out yeah and let me tell you i don't know how many times the old man had to
watch his hands but after about five or six goblins of those wines i can understand why
what an experience man thank god i don't have to do it this year thanks god
praise the lord of enel yes or uja ta donoio leno i love you neo okay see how do you like that
by uja ta up your nose we have an open-line in day at six two two w i o d we have one in
broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d how's that market doing today by
the way i notice even the anews uh geek is making shots of walters say about how do you like that
about your what's your push ain't going to be too happy about that don't say push okay she's uh you
know that kind of gutter language don't belong on the ear slapper and of course being bitch
slapped that's okay but slapping somebody in the push so who's on tonight we got a ball game
tonight by chance we have the heat to it no look at that oh the best of brook because brook is
taken off because sundown is kaisa she so jewish all of a sudden man she is so freaking jewish
we have an open-line in day at six two two nine four six three six two two two two w i o d we have
one in broward seven six seven i would say the biggest difference that i've discerned so far
between our two ladies of the night between brook daniels and k uh kaiser whatever name is
is that brook belongs on the ear and karen k doesn't i think that isn't that a very simple way
to like uh huh brook belongs in the ear she's a brook kaiser and karen is not exactly here's homestead
on a mobile hello hey meal good morning yes sir boenis deas uh when is oh we got our food already
all right can i ask you a few questions that i ask you ask me anything you like i'll make something up
go ahead you listen i just started on friday yeah and is the possible lose two inches on the waist
and you can lose only two pounds you can lose two inches if somebody had bad aim
haha the boil it is it possible is what so lose two inches on the waist i have no idea is that what you
did yeah two inches on the waist but only about one or two pounds yeah by the end of the week you're
going to be uh a shadow of your former self or maybe just a shadow could you also tell me what do
you eat for breakfast i don't i don't eat breakfast breakfast well how about sausage how about an
omelet i mean there's a million things breakfast food would seem to me would be the easiest how about a
meat you can have uh you know i don't know mostly what breakfast is just skip the toast skip the
toast and the grits in the cereal right because the grits usually gives you something that rhymes with
grits right right and skip the cereal man it'll kill you it's loaded with sugar it's loaded with
dreck last question on this uh can you tell me when you run out of the vitamin where do you get them
you're asking me yeah do you have the book no i bought the tape and uh things in the mail and
everything yeah but it didn't as well it says they have to get through atkins right do we have
that number George you're not one eight hundred two atkins oh yeah that's it one eight hundred two
atkins and that's where you order the well i don't know but they'll tell you they'll tell you where to go
nail i appreciate thank you keep it up pal thank you okay we'll be uh we'll be here there's
somebody will be sipping him through a straw by the end of the week you lost two inches already
what what is this oh it's a white hot and a bun and a bun on paisa i'm going to be eating a bun my
pork in a bun thank you so much what we got here look at that there's a white
hot in a bun with onions chipolini chipolini i wish they'll like to get some chipolini chipola
that's easy anybody getting onion but chipolini there's great little tiny onions man oh man i haven't
seen those in years only the fruity gourmet has got those that's a big how how come where did this
come from why do i have this is there any special reason why i got it adam gave that to you he
didn't know if you had a white hot on your little platter that murder i have a little white hot yes i do
we have an open line on the purple line pounded purple baby pound iod on one of our last days for the
packs and people unless that check shows up very soon what's the story with that of you uh i think
now i'll be a good time to call over there huh okay yeah start bugging them okay i mean i don't
want to start playing butch boss but if the check don't show up on monday you know what i'm saying
Tuesday could be a all of a sudden i could get religion with brook that's right here's a mobile
in my amy hello how you doing brook hey i'm sorry i'm on my own dad because i just got to tell
you about something that was very good by the way it was excellent thank you i was forced to see
something good then i wonder if you heard of this my wife made me go is it longer than two inches
yeah she made me go to this play called two jewish yeah have you heard of it no i have not
oh but i do know many people who are two jewish every time i go to the emerald coast like yesterday
they're in uh open park whatever this i think how come you people have to be so jewish can't you be
a little less jewish oh please i went i it's out in corral springs uh at the stage or theater
to wear that no okay and okay first of all the whole play is an entire inside joke yeah you have
to be yiddish to look to pay what the hell the guy's talking about yeah well that's what being
jewish is all about anyways it's an inside joke i was the youngest person in this place by by
65 years uh-huh and it was like and they were laughing like every five seconds like i'm a
boy i'm and i'm yeah well when when you when you eat all that dairy you know it starts a lot a lot
of that starts coming back at you uh the whole thing i mean and he told these jokes and at the
end he does a punch for you man was a pitiful for cock to miss poor you see everybody laughs and i'm
okay where was the joke didn't you see the sign in front that says no goyam allowed didn't you see
that i didn't know oh my god i thought it was gonna be one of these i mean does every play in broad
wind off broadway have to be about a jewish perspective yes can we have some goyam perspective only
lies a monelle oh that no she's is she goyam it sounds pretty Italian to me that's because i don't
think i don't think lies a monelle a jute garland with a jewish what about jute garland jute garland is
not goyam jute garland was jewish how much how much would you like to bet on that uh jute garland
wasn't jewish then box can you find out next you're going to be tummy james mason was jewish
uh jute garland was not jewish garland is a made up name yeah so i bet she's going to be
finkelstein can you find out Rosenbaum okay somebody call in and tell us if uh jute garland was
jewish well he'll be you sir next you're going to be tell me Arthur godfrey was jewish too
you have to know he was yeah have a great day
bye
Arthur godfrey one of the world's biggest anti-semites and they named a street after him on the beach
you know what that would be like that would be like changing the name of Alton Road to Auschwitz Boulevard
i mean what what kind uh her mind uh uh uh uh uh uh what was his first name
eight-all shickle grubber no seriously why why what kind of a thing is that to name a street
and mimey beach with all the jews over there name it after one of the most notorious anti-semites
in history Arthur godfrey who never met a jew he liked oh holly loke was jewish i forgot
twelfth thirteen at w-i-o-d look at uh what's going on with those forms now there's sizzle and now man
they're smoking it the good stuff finally just came in that's why mondays a little slow the shipment
don't come into about noon six ten w-i-o-d
when sounds long me oh try stuff put me down and says he has a lot of congregation
boy i tell him right away now listen he has to take care of the show this summer
i'm a new clock y'all my key and broider and gold it sure is gold i wear it everywhere when i go
round to other a-z-a-z they don't know what to say so be true to your show
Oh
I'll be jacked up on the Sabbath service, I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be steady now, my girlfriends and the altar in the choir now,
she'll be singing away.
Roar!
I'll hear you sing.
...
So speaking of a paysoft, there's a big thing in lifestyle in the Sun's Emily, another
pandering section.
One quote, many collars, it says, Jews live in worship in various ways, but under all their
differences, they remain a nation of people.
Yeah, you should live so long.
So anyway, it's got a picture of Jewish scholars up here.
Look at this, older than older than Moshi Pupka in a bed day, and they've got the Torah
out there.
And young Israel synagogue in Hollywood, young me under the age of 110, but not too much.
Striped prayer shawls are typical of the Orthodox tradition.
Look at that.
Look at those al-Tabubbitchq's there.
Look at that.
And it goes on.
It says there's 650,000 Jews in South Florida, which means if there's four million people
down here, there's like almost three and a half million goiim here.
Can you believe any wonder why we got so many problems?
We have an open line in date, 622-946-3622-WIOD.
Here is the Lake Worth.
Hello.
What is it?
I do have a ball spot.
Do you?
I saw your buddy Larry King last Saturday at the Whitaker Telehoyah fight in Las Vegas
with his 22nd life.
Nice young babe.
Did you ask him to give you the money back?
He was there walking around strutting stuff.
Free tickets of course.
I will give it to you.
That's right.
I ran into a lady that remembers you from top radio.
And we were sitting having dinner and she says there was a guy from Florida who used a bad mouth up here at the Imperial Palace.
And she remembers your trip with Bob Lincoln.
And Connie Ross, she was a director.
I have no idea who that is.
She said she called you once and you turned out to be a real nice guy.
She got bad reports of you bad mouth.
What you got were troublemakers trying to ruin that trip.
We had other travel agents trying to screw up that trip.
And we had callers, you know, the guy that owns the Imperial Palace as you may know, has a collection of all these old antique cars and the Hitler memorabilia and stuff.
And she does a show out there every Saturday night.
Right.
And so people were calling about that.
So right away we had spy reports going out there that I'm ripping them and that they're whatever.
But they were very nice to us.
Oh yeah, she said that that she finally talks to you one day. She said everything was fine.
Right.
She remembered a guy. She couldn't remember his name and I said, how about Bob Lincoln?
Yeah.
She said, oh, what a thief he was.
Really?
You heard that, Bob?
Yeah, Bob, you got it.
Okay.
We're just out across the country on you.
No thief, he said, not peace.
Well, a piece of thief.
Okay, pal, thanks for the good news.
Okay.
We have two open lines in date.
Six, two, two.
Oh, thank you so much, Bonnie and God bless you so much.
Six, two, two, two, WI O D.
We have an open line on the outer timeline.
Have audio like it's drape, by the way.
But it's before she doesn't care.
I'll say that much for her.
She doesn't care about drape.
She said if it was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me.
Yeah, I hear he ate pork.
We have two open lines in date.
Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two.
WI O D. That's what I hear.
Of course, you never trust the guys I hear that from.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, how are you?
Great.
Just got my paycheck, pal.
I was worried you wouldn't be on the air live tomorrow.
Yeah, I'll be here.
All right.
Even though it's Paisach, man, and some other people are taking off for the holiday
because at the holiday time everybody gets real Jewish.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to mention no names.
But some people get real Jewish.
But anyway.
Have you seen Brook Daniels and Randy Rhodes in the same room?
Same person.
Sorry, Brook.
I'm sorry.
Brook is, what do I say about that?
You know, it is astonishing.
Isn't it that we could find two people in such a short period of time
who sound and are so much alike?
Never met either of them, but they do sound alike.
I mean, shock.
I will say this.
Randy can't duplicate that laugh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You're out, Randy.
Hey, I appreciate you being honest about the problem with Miami.
It is the fans.
It's the fans in every sport.
It doesn't matter.
We're all from somewhere else.
I do.
I mean, look at my Toronto Maple Leafs.
And by the way, Cliff Fletcher was there at the game again yesterday.
They would like to have shot him if I had a rifle.
But at any rate, I mean, they still sell out all the games.
Well, that's because hockey is a religion.
It's a way of life.
They understand that they love it.
They support their team.
Here it's like, what have you done for me in the last 24 hours?
And if you haven't done a phenomenal performance,
it got for a bit of your laws.
And got for a bit of your laws.
Did you stunt that joint out?
We don't got nothing to say about you.
Like screw you guys.
What kind of attitude is that?
What's the more dramatic word for fickle?
I'll work on it.
Fickle's pretty good.
Hey, play me a burp so I can get my son to do one.
Okay.
I love you, Neil.
Here's one.
There you go.
Better go clean up.
Okay.
We have an open line at day at 629-463.
We have two and a brow at 767-9463.
Thanks to Murray and Wayne Arnold and all those goyam and other foods here,
fat riches here.
Oh, thank you so much.
He's bringing me some goyam drops.
See your horses at a rough week.
Here they are.
They just want them just crossed that one little moment just crossed the line.
That's all right.
They'll be all right.
You stiff them.
Okay.
We have an open line at day at 622-29463.
Two and a brow at 767-WYOD and one on the other town line.
On paysoft, we got tray food here at Fat Ridge shows up.
How do you like that?
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
When is DST, sir?
Are you celebrating the Jewish Passover?
Well, my question is going to tie both the hockey and Passover together.
Great.
We need a prayer, man.
I'll tell you that after yesterday.
We need several prayers.
We need Francis' come on the air, so people will stop.
Oh, that's right.
Judy Garland was not Jewish.
Her real name was Francis' come.
She was as Goyasha as the day is long.
And Eliza Manelli, if somebody can't tell that's a pretty Italian name, they need help.
Anyway.
Yes.
Okay, met the hockey game yesterday and Thursday.
Thursday game was excellent.
By the way, but anyway, yesterday's game.
If there's a hat trick, and somebody's wearing a Yamaka, do they take off the Yamaka and throw it on the ice?
We rip it off their head and we throw it on the ice.
Excellent.
That's right.
That's one of the no proper etiquette.
Thank you, sir.
And then we take the Goyasha players who aren't circumcised into locker room and we give them a quick brisk.
Hey, can I call Rich Clark and Don'tign a couple of dudes back?
They're doing a brisk business. Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Two open lines a day to wonder if Judy Hall of Circumcised, now we'll find out.
6-2-2-9-463, indeed.
Open line and Broward, 7-6-7-W-I-D.
By the way, next time you talk to Kevin Wallace, find out if Brad Kramer circumcised.
12-26-W-I-O-D on a really great Monday.
You might be asking, of course, Monash Danna, High Laila, Howzeh, or you might be asking what they're all so great about it.
Because I got my paycheck in my hand right now.
That's why.
That's why, because I got my check.
I'm in my hand.
I'm squeezing it as we speak and now life is almost worth living and I might think about coming back tomorrow.
Unless, of course, these far-bitching are going to say, oh, by the way, here's another check and don't bother coming back.
In which I'd say, oh, thank you so much.
I could use a few months off.
12-26-W-I-O-S. How is Harry Penis doing?
I understand he's in the building right now trying to get the lay of the land, trying to figure out what's going on here.
Is he in there drinking diet soda, by the way?
Did you walk by the program director? Was he in there drinking diet soda out of a bottle?
I don't think so.
Oh, I hope not.
God, I'm Tonya.
This man will come at suicide by a caffeine overload.
Diet soda out straight out of the bottle by the gallon by the multilater.
I mean, just they should put it in the gigantic trough and just give him a big straw.
Of course, to show you what the radio business and how George is drinking diet Pepsi out of like a small one
out of a one-liter bottle with a botelia de Pepsi.
12-27-W-I-O-D if you're...
6-10-W-I-O-D.
The official party station of the American Family Federation.
Hardaway left for it.
Left side, lie morally.
3.0!
Oh, he hit it.
Oh, he hit it.
I don't mean that was a 3.
I mean that was from the moon.
From the moon.
From his restaurant.
About three blocks from here.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Okay, just calm down.
So I just met David Halberstam for the first time in my life.
He's about what we say about two foot six.
He weighs about 80 pounds soaking wet.
Nice guy, small guy, little guy.
He could be a jockey, couldn't he?
I'd say he weighs about good by 95.
Anybody need a rider at Hylia?
David Halberstam, a great guy.
And he brings me in a bill you would take, which I already have,
but thanks anyway for the effort.
There's a good guy, man.
Of course he's Jewish.
What does that tell you?
And he brings us some...
Shamura Matsu made by hand in Brooklyn on Albany Avenue near Empire Boulevard.
So you know, and it's by the...
The Browsky and Y Tenenbaum.
And on the bottom of the box it says,
Oi!
Look at that.
Have you ever had Matsu?
No.
You haven't?
No.
Oh, here's your lucky day.
In fact, maybe we could get David back, because he had a sharp instrument in his pocket.
A bris and your first pizza Matsu on the same day.
All right!
Ooooo!
Mmm.
Boy, this is...
You know what this is like?
It's like, you're not really sure if you open the box or not.
It's like eating the cardboard, just like I said.
There's no difference.
It's in a cardboard box.
And when you finish, you can eat the cardboard,
because you know what it's Jews.
We like to, you know, we don't want to waste anything.
Finish your plates, scrape it off your plate now.
That looks like it would be good with like some guacamole.
No, it would be good with some butter and the salt,
or even better with some cream cheese and strawberry preserves,
which would be okay for pay-sol, I believe.
I don't know.
It's one...
Some real Jew out there will have to call in and really tell us what you can and can't...
...on Passover.
Now, white hearts are definitely okay.
And the Neely Burgers would cheese, and bacon are definitely okay.
Up until six o'clock or seven,
what's sundown at night?
About 7.15, 7.30, something like that.
Up until official sundown at night, it's okay.
Otherwise, you're going to go to purgatory forever.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Manail.
Yes?
Hi.
Happy day, Seth.
And back to you.
You're here with your obsession with brochas last week.
What happened to notice?
I just thought of a great line for the end result when they call in.
Yes?
I'm going to have to say a broch against you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Give that one to your...
...Carrion cheek, make a show out of it tonight.
Okay. We have all the deadlines open.
622-946-3622-W-I-O-D.
Yeah. Matsu is...
This is Shamura Matsu.
Not to be confused with the regular cheap stuff that you buy in the store.
For like 13 bucks, for a five-pound box.
Because they like ripping off the Jews.
And that's what it's all about since the beginning of time.
Look at the Bible.
What does it say in Genesis?
All the goi-am are going to rip off the Jews.
It is written.
It's written right there in Genesis, baby.
When in doubt, rip it out.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Okay. Nice talking to you.
When you call them, when you call from Miami and they're out of townline, you know what you're in for.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello?
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Am I on?
Yes, sir. It sounds exactly like you or your twin brother.
Yes.
All right, man.
This is Roger.
We're at the same age and everything.
I just finished the book last week.
Charles Templeton.
Yes?
Farewell to God.
Did I tell you it was great?
Man, Neil.
You put a whole new drill thing to me all my life.
Yeah.
And after reading this, man, I am free, baby.
All right.
I am free.
Near right.
You're the man.
God bless you, man.
God bless you, my child.
Thank you.
Okay, and happy paysock.
Okay.
Go put on a armicle before it's too late and you wind up burning in purgatory wherever it's supposed to burn.
That's what Linda Blair said.
It burns.
We have an open line.
In fact, I'd like to be at burns right now.
I have a nice stick.
Why do you eat so much food?
We had that one go.
I call this morning because I feel like it.
Okay, because it's a free country so far.
And if I feel like eating a lot of food, it's my business.
Okay, plus I can afford to buy it.
But I rather get it for free.
Rather get it for free like at the Emerald Coast yesterday.
Thank you very much, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
I'm a big celebrity over there now.
He's eaten for free.
Chinese.
No, that's right.
In the middle of all you old Jews who are paying up there, I'm eating for free.
Okay, eat your cookies out.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a rabbi.
You had a couple questions what you could eat on paysoft.
You're a rabbi?
I'm a rabbi.
And you know what?
You're not an orthodox, do you, are you?
Yeah.
I'm from Toronto and I'm a native leaf fan.
All right.
Well, let's say a brochle for the leaves.
They need more than one brochle.
In fact, when Cliff Fletcher, when I saw him in the stands yesterday,
I brach the couple of times all over my shoes.
Anyway, the cream cheese is fine and they just have a hexer on it.
You should have a one?
A hexer, a kosher, a paysoft stamp.
Oh, in other words, it has to be from the circle you ranch.
From the what?
The circle you ranch.
It's about to have a little...
Okay, or OU.
Yeah.
Or how about OY?
How would that be?
All the brochles to the panthers and if they get a hat...
So, so what can you...
What can you...
Yeah.
Will you listen to me, my crazy Jewish friend?
Will you listen to me?
So, what can you eat tonight?
What can you eat tonight?
Besides MOTSA.
I mean, after the first 15 pounds, it gets a little bit old.
You can have meat.
You can have your roast beef there.
Yeah.
That's part of the African style.
And my white hots from Rochester, I would pork.
And have some maroise, some...
Some good old pork.
How about Borst?
Borst is ALK.
Oh, fair.
Okay, have a great paysoft.
Okay, have a seasoned paysoft.
And go panthers, go leaves.
God bless you.
Take care, Bob.
Go leaves. Go.
Get out of here.
Okay, there's a man from the Stone Age.
We have two open lines in day and 622-946-3622-WYOD.
Harry Valentine, by the way, is eating trade today.
I just want you to know that.
What did he take out of there?
Like, uh...
A few nearly burgers.
That boy, Harry, will indoctrinate you as to what it's really
is all about on his show.
I don't care what that silly bitch says at night.
The one that desperately needs some material.
The one that couldn't do a show if he had the gun to her head.
But let's...
Let's give it a shot.
Oh, like I said, let's give it a shot.
Here's a Davy.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
When you go to the new station, will you be giving away one to mug?
Yes, we will as a matter of fact that we got a special on that.
Oh, good to hear.
Thanks, push on them.
Good to hear.
Uh-huh.
Listen, a spy report on the fickle fans of hockey Thursday night
went down to the arena without a ticket.
A ten dollars to get in.
Ten bucks?
And there was lots to be had out there.
So, there is fickle as ever.
That's pathetic.
I agree.
Ten bucks?
Ten bucks, the scalpers were crying.
Minimum should have been 200.
Exactly.
Minimum.
The scalpers said it's too early in the series.
They're not excited yet.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if they weren't excited before it started after yesterday,
they should be in a deep coma.
I agree.
Neil, a happy paysa.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Okay, see you in line for the White Hots.
Two open lines in day at 622-946-3622-WYOD.
And we have an open line in Broward, 767-9463-767-WYOD.
Rich just happened to be in the neighborhood when the food came in.
It is now throwing out.
It looks like a scene from FATSO.
14 boxes of Chinese food.
Okay, here's Pemberg Pines on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm a young Jewish man living in South Florida.
All right.
I want to say happy paysa.
You don't wear a beanie, do you?
No, not all the time.
What do you mean all the time?
I only like to temple.
Okay, but I mean not out on the street.
Oh, hell no.
Not in school, just in shul.
Right, right, right.
That would be a great poster campaign.
Not in school, just in shul.
I agree.
I like it.
What's up with these panther fans, man?
Yeah.
I don't understand.
I'm not here for many of them.
I don't know that there are any left.
I don't understand.
I mean, they make the play.
We like to panthers till yesterday.
Yeah.
I mean, you make the play.
But after that game, it's Aachenwe.
I have a shameless request.
Yeah.
I want to hear.
I'm an asshole by Timothy Leary.
By Timothy Leary?
Yes.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Timothy Leary, there was a real asshole for you.
Do all that drugs.
We have two open lines in date.
6229-463-6222-WIOD.
Do all that many drugs.
You can't even find an asshole.
Much less than no one.
We have an open line on the mobile and purple line.
Pond IOD.
You know, it's out of town lines.
Today, man, I wouldn't wish him on Hermann Gehring.
1-884-7-4-WIOD on a...
Of course, that's in Palm Beach.
There, but is he getting ready for a...
Paisenstownite in Palm Beach?
Aren't they?
There's like three Jews up there.
That's under the age of 100.
Plus, there's about 5,000 over the age of 100.
All jammed in there in Cemetery Village.
Boy, what a place to add is.
Mm-mm.
Here's the mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello?
Any meal?
Yes, sir.
Do you want to know what you can eat on paths over other than Mopta?
Yeah.
Well, I have it to work from the Bisco.
So, trisket and wheat, then, is all kosher.
Great.
So, that's, you know, it's a little bit of savior
better than eating that cardboard.
I'll stick with my white hots in my Neely Burgers.
All right, Neil, happy pace.
Okay, and back to you.
Thanks.
Since I already know I'm going to burn like hell for a long time,
because my mother's so socks and hell would lend a bluer.
As the lendabler said, let's all go see the exorcist.
If they can bring the godfather back, which is great,
I say they should definitely force everybody to go see the Echersist.
Especially if they're missing scenes.
What do you mean?
I just think that that would be great if there were.
If there were missing scenes?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
All these movies that they're re-releasing have all these like extra footage or added footage.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
If they're really missing scenes.
I see what you're saying.
I don't think that needs too much chosen mother.
I don't think it needs too much sprusin, okay?
Unless you like green pea soup.
Oh, maybe 3D.
That would be good.
That would have been great.
I remember the first 3D movie I saw was The House of Wax.
And then there was a movie called The Maze.
Or something like that.
It had this big guy kept turning into a frog.
And jumping throughout the screen, that was great.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Happy Path of a...
Happy Pace-Ach.
Where are you?
Great.
I had a question.
I hate to go this direction.
But can I talk to the doggy doctor a second?
Yeah.
My thing goes about a year ago.
You were saying how you had retriever.
And he had ear infection.
Uh-huh.
And you switched his dog food and they went away.
Yeah.
What dog food did you put him on?
Kibbles and bits.
Oh, just store bought kibbles and bits?
Yeah.
No more ear infections.
Kibbles and bits.
Lean.
Lean because he was fat.
Lost a lot of weight by dog.
Was it like a diet dog food?
In fact, kibbles and bits gives you the part of something that rhymes with it.
What is it?
No, it's just whatever agrees with your particular dog.
My dog has a lot of allergies.
Oh, okay.
Well, at least a few anyway.
And if you give him kind of a certain kind of food, almost any kind of food, he starts
having ear infections and giving you a dirty look.
And this particular food happens to agree with him.
And so my doggy doctor said, stick with it.
And so he's never had any more infections since then?
He has never had, well, I mean, they're not perfect.
You have to keep working on it.
But very rarely, his ears are pretty good.
Okay, okay.
I think he's like, is my poor dog with this black stuff in the ears?
And, um, oh, it's horrible.
It's black.
Well, let's not go there.
Mike?
Fatrid says it's mites.
It might be.
It might be mites?
It might.
Okay, I guess I'm making a trip to the vet.
Well, yeah, why don't you go to the vet?
Don't be so cheap just because you're Jewish.
Doesn't mean you have to be cheap to prove it.
Oh, no, definitely not cheap when it comes to him.
Most of us Jews are really big spenders.
Yeah, we definitely.
Must we live in Sunrise or Tamarack?
I had the misfortune of getting stuck out way on it.
You know what I'm going to start doing?
I'm going to start when I go to the Emerald Coast on Sunday.
I'm going to sit there outside on the bench with a big sign.
Even if they want to see me in there right away, I'm going to sit out there for half an hour.
And when all the old Jews come by, the sign's going to say, I'm near Rogers and I'm eating here for free today.
Oh, well.
Just to piss off those old, old, cheap Jews.
You will have a denture riot, I think.
Uh-huh.
They'll be throwing them right at you.
That's right.
Okay, well, again, happy paystuff.
Go panthers.
I'm still a panther fan.
They can lose.
You're the one, huh?
I am the one.
You and I, we're hanging in there.
All we got to do is split in New York.
We'll be all right.
We're going to be fine.
And if we're not fine, we'll be fine again someday.
That's right.
It's not the end of the world.
There are still ours.
They're always going to be our...
And if we're not fine, we'll be goldstein.
And we're stuck with them.
Okay.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Say goodbye.
I'll be right there, Chi.
610 WIOT.
Folks, I'd like to sing a song about the American Dream.
About me, about you.
About the way our American hearts beat way down
in the bottom of our chest.
How about that special feeling we get in the cockles for hours?
Maybe below the cockles, maybe in the subcockware area,
maybe in the liver, maybe in the chimneys,
maybe even in the colon.
We don't know.
I'm just a regular joke with a regular job.
I'm your average white, superman, I slow.
I like football, and I'm torn open, books about gold.
I got an average house where the nice hardwood floor,
my wife, and my job, my kids, and my car.
I'll feed on my table and I'll keep it to go.
But sometimes I just hate enough to keep a man like me.
Oh, no, no, wait.
I know I've got to go out and have fun.
It's someone else's expense.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I try really slow in the olds for fast lanes.
Well, people behind me are going insane.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I use public toilets and I f***ing saw a seat.
I walk around in the summer times, saying,
I'm about to speed.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sometimes I pour in the handicap spaces.
Well, handicap people make handicap spaces.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Maybe I should be singing this song.
Ranting and raping and carrying on.
Maybe they're right for they tell me I'm wrong.
I'm on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on a tour, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to get myself a 1967 Cadillac Guilderado convertible.
I think with a whale skin, a half the caps,
and all other cow in the career
and big brown baby seal eyes for a headlight scan.
And I'm going to drive around in that baby
at 115 miles per hour, just getting one mop regal.
It's like a now-quarter funder she's purchased my town
with the old fashioned sign by the great of all styrofoam containers.
And when I'm done sucking down those grease ball burgers,
I'm going to wipe my mop with the American flags,
and then I'm going to toss the styrofoam containers right off the side
and then I'm going to catch them, think anybody can do it by the end of life.
Because we got the bomb, that's why.
Jewards, nuclear.
In westerns of days, Russia, Germany, Romania,
they can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a big democracy, Kate, walk right through the middle
and see it even square, and it won't make a lick of difference
because we got the bomb.
So dad, John Wayne's not dead.
He's frozen, and as soon as we find a cure for cancer,
we're going to throw out the dupes, and he's going to be pretty pissed off.
You know why? Have you ever taken a cold shower?
We multiply that by 15 million times, that's how pissed off the dupes can be.
I'm going to do it, and John gets a betty,
and leave arm and face and second boy, and a case away,
and drive down a big saint.
You know who really are an asshole?
I should just shut up and sing this song, pal.
Come on up, go, get to you, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
right in the open, with a little fan and a strk each game of course,  Euro pancakes,
get up ready for action just hit a little on top of the Equ kk ball absolutely
phenomenal, what a great success, glory and soul, prossimes great blessed with 21.
And we know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy.
Muddy, fumbles, anties, stumbles, antrips on the flu lie.
Is this the best that's fine, Murray can find.
Bap!
The teams in the coma and they'll never say why.
Defending its ee, see if you die all the time.
Does Jeff Rimmer kiss Chris Wells behind?
Let's out get our arms to you.
1257, a W-I-O-D, why do people crave the taste of pollo tropicala?
A question that you've probably been pondering all day since you took your head off the pillow, right?
Could it be the fresh chicken marinated in the secret?
Caution, adult to lengthens at work.
610, W-I-O-D, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon!
The
W-I-O-D,
I'm the author, Sabo, and I'm flakin' sedan.
I want you hop inside my company, Caution.
I got the tickets and taxidied out of my hand.
I'm gonna make it you and Rainy O-Star.
I'm older, Sabo, baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm gonna be consulting you.
I'm giving that for.
I'm a craft show, and a formula, that's got the border.
I've got the power to mold and control.
Whoa, you know I do.
Where I have a way to get your own show.
At a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting alone.
Just as long as you can stroke me good.
I'm older, Sabo, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spat your legs when I desire you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna dump sloth.
I'm getting a real job.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Cause I'm just an asshole.
105 at W-I-O-D,
our topic today, do white people go to laundromats, okay?
We have two open lines in date.
6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3.
How about his spannics?
They're big on laundromats, right?
What kind of Hispanic?
Low class, the low ranked district?
Yes, they go.
Yeah.
How about trailer park trash white people?
I bet you they'd be going to the laundromat a lot.
One to no why.
Uh huh.
How about the brothers and the mothers and the sisters?
Okay, we have all the power lines open.
7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3.
You're not supposed to be talking on ear, by the way.
Okay, cut it out.
We don't want to get Harry pissed off.
He'll come back in here looking for more food and it's all gone.
Richaed it all.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Uh I got a suggestion last time.
I trust you.
Well you're chronic man.
You're chronic.
Oh I'm not chronic.
Yes you are.
Anyway.
Chronic.
If you play a little bit, he might show up again.
Yeah.
Feels probably in the middle of a deposition right now.
Do you understand?
No, please.
Please, please, please, please.
Yeah.
He'll probably be here tomorrow.
Okay.
Okay, we have an open line like I said he may not show up.
6, 2, 2, 9, 4, 6, 3.
2 at Broward.
7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3.
7, 6, 7.
You're just there.
I'm John.
W, I, O, D.
Here's Oakland Park on a mobile.
Hello?
Oakland Park on a mobile.
Hello Neil?
So go ahead.
Yes sir.
Yeah I guarantee you they won't be scalping tickets for ten bucks at the garden.
Yeah.
Not at the garden in New York.
There's no way.
There's no way.
The fans up there.
It just.
It's just too knowledgeable.
In New York?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Look at that look at look at how fast he works okay the hand of the Lord came down this virulent
Anti-semite bastard. We just head on here and and killed his mobile phone. How do you like that? He's been smitten baby
He's been smitten by the Lord
We have an open line in date in the out of town line one triple eight whatever that is 4749 463
We have all a broward 767 WYOD 767
Here's Coral Gables hello
Hello Neil yes, sir. Yeah, it's right on what brand of white hot you get are those those WYGLEs?
Yes, they are they're either WYGLEs are their rushers. I'm not sure how do you get them from Wayne Arnold? Oh
Okay, yeah, I get a care package about every six weeks. Yeah, you don't have to get a care package
Just go down 125th and northwest 7th Avenue. Oh, they actually take a bodyguard with you and it's great
Oh, I didn't realize they sold them anywhere down here. Yes, they do Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle
Do not let anyone confuse them with Brawers. You'll love the food. You'll hate the neighborhood, but you love the food
Oh, Brawers to forget that. That's for goam. Not even the same thing. Anyway about the hockey rule in the crease
Why don't they just
Decrease the crease back to the original? Well, there's a lot of talk about that something will happen after the season the sad part of it
It is they should have done it before the playoffs started. Yeah, no, that's ridiculous. We're already getting goals disallowed
It's it's a disgrace. It's a farce
Yeah, all right. Well, I'm out of material happy face off. Okay
See you open line at day at 622 W. I. D. All three and Brawers 767 9463
767 Niels Eaton for free again. Here's Portland, Oregon. Hello. Hey, how you doing? What are you doing out there?
Oh, I'm away from there. That's for sure. Excellent. Congratulations to you know
I wanted to ask you when did because that part really seems like the kind of place that could have been really spectacular
Yeah, could have been and I was wondering if you know anything about how you know like the
The beach has got closed off and how all these things that happen because I'm gonna
I'm gonna be coming home and we're gonna have a Matsu war in here. Georgia's Juva County is in there now with a biny biny on his head and
Georgia's eating Matsu mines better bigger than yours is
My Shamura Matsu is that Shamura Matsu made by hand probably by a boy anyway go ahead sir
I'm sorry. Yeah, it just it just seems like you know, it's a beautiful place, but it's just it's it got ruined
Yeah, and you understand they haven't figured out how to ruin the weather yet, but once they do
Everybody'll be gone. Hey when you go to Italy and then you come back home. Yes, how much of a shock is that to you?
Do you mean do I want to blow my brains out? Yes? I want to be prepared. Yeah, is it is a tremendous? I mean, yes depressing
suicide inducing
Yeah, what's one more thing?
Let's see. Oh, do you have any more websites because I check out your website the only one WID and you're not even really on it
Yeah, I mean, there's nothing is there anything else? That's it. That's all we got and
Hey, can you can you leave me and hold on play a little Casey a little one Casey Casey? Yeah
Just a little clip Casey in a sunshine band. Yeah Casey sure have a great life pal
We have an open line at day at 6222 WID. Browards open 7679 463 is in all 89 lines and Broward
767 WID why would anybody in their right mind eat this Drek? Okay, you're eating it. What are you eating it for?
What does it taste like? Carve work. Yeah, what do I tell you?
But I'll guarantee you that if you had some cream cheese and strawberry preserves on there to jazz it up a little bit
You'd say oh, that's good
Or even some butter and salt
What is it? Chlorosis?
Corrosis yeah, you you immediately have cirrhosis and sclerosis. That's right. In fact, that's what you're gonna get
That's what you get after you cardboard
Why do you think there's only a few million Jews left in the world? Okay?
Hitler had a start on that, but believe me. It's this monster. That's really doing it
Broward County. We're waiting here on your man
We're waiting until hell freezes over which is where you're gonna go unless you get with it
7679 463 767 wiod here's Miami hello
Miami hello, yes sir. Oh Neil good show. Yes, sir great show. Hello. Hello. Hello. Did it? Yes, sir
Judy Collins fruit last name was gum. Yeah, I know
She was famous for that. Okay, uh-huh. I know that we just got headed on the year like an hour ago
Francis gum gum gum like juicy fruit
Okay, oh my god
How come you're putting people over the age of 100 on here? We have two open lines in date because they're the only ones calling
6229 463 2 and Broward 767 wiod here's Hollywood on a mobile hello
Neil yes, sir. Hi, I'm like actually and I'm in he brood L today not Hollywood
Hey, uh, you know you got me informed pretty well with hockey, okay? I knew a little but you filled me in with
With everything I didn't know but
What what's your what's your success sir? What are you talking about what the hell language are you speaking? What are you saying?
Sir
Like I said, okay two open lines in date six two two two two and Broward 767 the mobile one purple line pound iod in rike 45 minutes of in rike from
115 to two today no extra charge make no mistake about that
Here's north Miami Beach hello
No in rike no no no no no that's what you're gonna get man no no no response here today a dead crowd
No, I can't I've been beaten them and whipping them and pounding them and yankin a man and these people are dead as a door nail
Oh, but they're still suffering from the game yesterday
Well, you know something I feel great today, okay? The team didn't even show up yesterday
It's not even worth getting upset about it's one thing if you lose a heartbreaker like if you were a Dallas fan last night
Okay, and you had a three-dathed lead you had one other goal disallowed earlier in the game
You thought you had the game wrapped up and you give up three goals in a minute and a half and you lose an overtime
That's a reason to be upset
But when you didn't even show up for the game when you never had a chance from the start why even worry about it
They didn't show up they stunk
They look good until gretski score that goal in the middle. They never look good. They stunk the joint out
Well, I couldn't decide who sucked more javan asking your koarski yesterday. Yeah, that interference call
That listen, I can give you 80 bad calls
But the fact of it is if you don't show up you don't deserve to win anyway
That's true panther fans love pitching about the referees. Okay, the referees also at least they're consistent. They're all bad
Yeah, that's true. But as far as javan asking's concerned he belongs
He belongs into pica somewhere he belongs in a minor league sent him back to the Windsor Spitfires get him out of here
Bring back Joe Serella anything bring back Brian Benning. I'm out of material. Okay pal. I'm with you
Dayd lines open now. It's like back and forth. It's fricking frack six two two nine four six three six two two how about those marlins?
Oh, sorry
How about that drafta and let me say it again if there's anybody in this audience who has ever met anybody in his or her life named jatil
I want you to call right now. Okay rhymes which Lemille
I want somebody to call in who knows somebody besides this guy from UM from the heracune's named jatil. Okay
Y-A-T-I-L. I know why a teetal. I knew him
Maybe that's like kind of an acronym, huh?
Yatil as in why y-A-T-I-L
God almighty
Six times w-i-o-t the station that reaches the beaches
But can't be heard in the office. Hey, we know our limits
Okay sit back enjoy your monsters put your feet up on the desk light up a good Stogie just relax, okay?
All in w-i-k all day
Oh
Look at this we got a call lady in halemdale. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Oh my god
Happy Passover and back to you happy Mata Eden sweetheart and then Sunday is Greek Easter. Yeah
Yeah, you should come by my house and really have a meal. I'm not in the Greek. Sorry. Oh come on. No
Oh, it's wonderful. I'll pass. Oh, that's a
El Paesau. What? I said yes. Oh, it does have a wonderful
Here
Okay, thank you. Bye bye. Okay
I thought it was your real call
Okay, all Enrique and telephone so we get somebody on air
We've reached an all-time low baby. We hit rock bottom
Reach over and grab a particle. Come on
No extra charge
622 w-i-o-d and 8
767 w-i-o-d and Broward pound i-o-d animal but one purple line
Oh
One triple eight four seven and four nine four six three
In the lake
Okay, here's the Hollywood hello, Neil instead of playing Enrique why don't you play all the
Yeah, Panther goals from yesterday. I did all right. They are right there
Okay, there they go. They're the Panther highlights
Another asshole from New York
Dave County 622 w-i-o-d
All three lines of day in white open open line and Broward 767 i-463
It's Enrique or you you can't help both one of the other
Up to you
I prefer Enrique myself
Oh
Here's Key Largo on a mobile hello
Key Largo
Okay, sir
Removing the red line what on the ice and hockey toe open up the ice for the
No, they are not no, they are absolutely positively not
One of those big mouths on
Yes, he let me say it again. There is no chance. There is less than no chance
They're removing the red line the center line and it's not gonna happen
So what do you think about Lemieux crying about you know getting hurt and all that
You see the interview with him. Yes, I did
And what do you think about what he said? I think he's absolutely right
I think that the game anybody wants to play the game today if they have any health problems at all
Has got to be a massacre especially if they got the money. He's God
So and obviously it's from the way you said that it's obvious to me that you're a real knowledgeable hockey fan
Well, at least I'm trying not
Yeah, what do you think about Lemieux crying about getting hooked and speared and yanked down 85 times
You may have the fact that they can't play the game. What do you think about that? Another knowledgeable hockey fan here
It's out Florida baby. Give it a rest forget it. It ain't gonna happen
They could play here from now until the cows come home from now until foster you it starts doing the games again
And it's still ain't gonna happen
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
I think what Mary was talking about it was a lot of the clutch and grabbing going on and all the time
Why would you dignify this guy and know exactly what he was talking about oh sure well, you know
Everybody doesn't have an opinion basically, but they're not very knowledgeable also with New Jersey bringing in the neutral
Don't trap it kind of cut down. He limited space on the ice and guys like yaga and Lemieux haven't been able to get the
The ice space I guess you can say yeah, and their complaints realistically are the complaints are absolutely correct
Because the great players can't play the game because there's holding and clutching and grabbing and hooking and stuff that isn't being called and
For example in our game yesterday there were guys being tackled there were takedowns
It was like a combination of a football game and a wrestling match
Koharski was just whistling on his very way and nothing was going on
I don't know if you saw Pittsburgh game the other day when Casparitis took down
Took down Joe Lotto with the puck nor here. I did not sorry
I'm being called which was never enough or anything now what the hell is clipping?
I thought they were gonna even 15 yards
I never saw clipping in a hockey
I've been watching for 40 years. Yeah 15 yards he walked it off and stood first down
But anyway, but I mean things like that it's like they have to cut down on those things cutting couple somebody at the knees
It's just unnecessary
There isn't too many guys that can run around and take the guys of auto size or lindraff and they're keep shot
And it's what's killing the league. I'm gonna tell you another thing that's killing the league is these damn Fox games
That game yesterday first they don't start until like three 15 you got to sit there and wait and wait and wait and put on his
Fony orchestrated bunch of bull crap till Fox gets good and ready 19 minutes instead of 15 in between the periods
Every every break every commercial break every interruption and play seems to last about three times as long as normal
So that Fox can take a two and a half to three hour game and make it into a three and a half to four hour project man
By the time you get through with any Fox game you're ready to pass out
Sir and so in his well these phones are all crap and out all these mobile phones
I think it's an act of the Lord if you ask me
I think we're being smitten right here on era of paysock baby. I thought paysock was this weekend
God I've been I've been just piling down the matsu do you believe that no
Two open lines and day at six two two W I O D and open line and Broward seven six seven
It's the same old song same old dance with the same old crowd here
Here's Margate hello. Yeah, sir. I watched the whole interview with Mario. I didn't see it here fall
I think everything said was very legitimate
This asshole had called me for anybody that knocks Mario Lemino's nothing about the game
Mario has got absolutely no reason to continue playing and I wish him all the luck in the world
He's the greatest guy that ever put on a jockstrap and this guy's just a dumb redneck who don't know hockey from his ass
I think they should do like most people in this town. He knows nothing about it. You're right when they would they don't
Whatever you say they have guys upstairs. I don't know something should be done about the officiating
Guys upstairs doing a calls. Okay. There's another excellent idea
Let's have the video replay guys call all the penalties. We can make it into a 10-hour game nice going pal
We have an open line and day at six two two W I O D. We have two and Broward seven six seven nine four six three
They wouldn't know a puck from this from the monster that we're eating today. That's what they know about it
Here's Evan Churron a mobile. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? No, okay. All right. Just thought
You might like to know a little trivia though. You probably know it because you know hockey
Koharski was the goat was the
Was the referee that the new jersey coach said have another donut your fat pig? Yeah, remember?
Do you remember when New Jersey went to the conference finals? Yeah, well the coach in New Jersey
I think was the guy who was a coach of Buffalo after that
He got thrown out and there was like a strike all the referees struck and they had to use minor league reps for the rest of the playoffs
Yeah, I'm just saying that was done Koharski
So if you have any
Problems with him officiating just remember from the source
Meaning what meaning he's an incompetent he was so I'd like you to tell me your referee in the national hockey league who is competent today sir
Well, there's some that are less competent than others. Maybe one. That's a good referee. That does a good game
Uh, I can't think of okay. We have an open line in day six two two nine four. They've all got a story baby
They all have a story here's a little trivia for you. Okay
To
Open lines and Broward seven six seven never has there been a town on the face of the universe anywhere in this entire universe of ours
I don't know this for a scientific fact, but I'm willing to bet a lot of somebody else's money on it, okay
Never has there been a place where so many people expanded so much
Verbiage about things about which they had less than no idea than this neck of the woods right here
This is the place you've come to with baby if you were looking for a place where people didn't know they're asked from their elbow
A grapefruit from Uranus and by the way, what that was all a grapefruit on the highway yesterday
Driving home from the hockey game and it looked like a bunch of uh, nose pickers or a grape pickers had lost their wares on i95 go in northbound
There was eight zillion grapefruit all over the side of the road
Not too bad either by the way
W-I-O-T
Hey, it just feels like a prick
Hey
Say boy, let me see your license there. What's the problem officer go a little fast. Why don't you say what's in the back seat?
Nothing crack rock
Sitting in his back seat. I said crack rock
You can sell on the street you can smoke it
And you'll catch a good buzz just don't get pulled over by the fuzz cake hop
Singing with a big band he's a gay cop
His nightstick in his hand he got busted
With three pounds of dope so bent over and thick of the soap
The party's over now at J-A-I-L
You got busted and it's J-A-I-L
I like it
You were once a big dog
Then you made the big switch and till you're just buff us bits of parties over now at J-A-I-L
You got busted and it's J-A-I-L
132 at W-I-O-T
He's no one watching in that did the FCC song you're the same tune remember that that was the best
It's in there somewhere by the way speaking of those carts. Let's set box up. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Mobile in North Miami Beach. I mean whatever it is up there something with the beach. Yes, sir
Hey, I have a question for you. Yes, I'm aren't line judges allowed to make blatant calls in the NHL line judges
Someone told me that a line judge is allowed to make a call if you the ball. Sure. There are no such thing as a line judge
The line judges in football sir
The other the other referees that are in there. There's only one referee. There are two lines men
Lines men that's what I mean. There's the Wichita line's been
Yes, they are as a matter of fact the four-minute double minor on Billy Lindsay on a game on Thursday
The referee didn't he didn't see it
The lines been called it. Well all these other guys are calling about you know
The referees are not making the calls. Why don't the lines the these lines then go and make more calls
And we don't see it very often and they're obviously right in front of a lot of them
Wouldn't that solve a lot of the problems?
Yeah, that's well that would be great then we could like have that
Well, I want we get three or four more like somebody has suggested we have two referees. Why do we get ten officials out there?
Then the game could last 15 hours
Well, I mean if we're upset that they're not making the call
How to make the right calls you know, I say I say what they ought to do is be consistent at the beginning of the year
Get officials who know how to officiate and tell them how we're going to enforce the rules and just how we're going to open up the game
So it's something the fans can enjoy paying big bucks to see and then enforce it consistently all year long
That's the way to do it sir that's the answer for it
But since Brian Burke and Gary Bettman between the two of them have the brain a brain the size of a miniature pincher
I don't hold out too much hope
And the fact that people like our good friend Brian
Murray are telling us all the in the crease rule is great to protect the gold tenders
I got news for a brine the in the crease man in the crease rule is the worst thing that happened in a hundred years even don't
Share he knows that or is it even the or Rogers well something like that whatever he said with the
Alligator arms of that night
Alligator arms rumor manage just has a certain ring to it doesn't it?
Certainly I broke a brine or guitar man out there. It's a certainly an idea for another song
As he short arms it again in the restaurant can't reach that can't reach that check. I try like hell can't reach my wallet and can't reach that check
Here's the lady and Davy hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I was just calling to please beg you to stop playing in rege. Yeah
That was why is that trying to do why because it drives me up a wall and you entertain me so much when you're playing something other than in rege
Yeah, and so yeah, but it worked like magic man. I got a million calls on here now. We're like crazy. I got you to call
That's true, but everything's about hockey. No, it's not everything's about hockey. No, it is not okay. What do you want to talk about?
I don't really have anything to talk about other than please stop playing in rege. I'll be up front and say I've got no material whatsoever
Yeah, I'm just being why should you be any different? Yeah, I agree. I agree happy pace
So we talked about MOTSA and we talked about paysock we talked about Jews with beanies on her heads
We talked about Karen Kay and consultants
That's some Jewish holiday crap that I heard earlier
Yeah, that was the news guy that was that goi shakup this news guy was a good friend of Harry Wintergarten
No, the third or a program director who is Harry penis one who is this guy? I've just been out of town
And who is this guy some axe murderer
Okay, he's doing our news now. He is yeah, are you moving?
I figured they figured let's hire an axe murderer then if we we don't have any news to report
He'll go do some and make some what is it? Are you moving? I've heard that you are moving. Yes, rumors is true
This is true. Are you leaving radio?
Am I leaving radio? No, I'm getting back into radio. I'm going to WQM and getting back into radio
And without the assholes right good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey happy pass over and back to you. Okay. Happy paysock. Bye-bye
Open line of day quit playing at Enrique already. Well, yeah, it's killing her. What's what is wrong with everybody loves Enrique except George
And anybody else who likes music. Yeah, right. I got news for a mister
You better watch yourself
We have an open line in day six two two nine four six three six two two
W I O D you're starting to really really get out my nerves. You know what I'm saying?
You better watch yourself mister
Yeah, she comes in here see yeah, she goes through that whole wrap the first night about how she's sleeping with the boss
And the consultant is her boyfriend for five years, which I'm not so sure if that's true
But anyway, it's a good story
But the bottom line is now it's like she's big stuff
Now she's critiquing the rest of the station and what we talk about and does the station suck and what the hell is Neil talking about and
You know the board apps better watch themselves. Yeah, because she's got the inside track
Talk about just creating a hole so deep that all you got to do is take take a spyglass you can see a China on the other side already
Just keep digging and digging will bring an extra shovel sweetheart
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I got to tell you my husband is the biggest ranger fan and he says we are all sore losers
And I know he's listening. He's right. He's right. No, he's right
I don't understand why I'm here. This town doesn't give a flying crap about anything
They get excited so long as the other team is winning the marlins the dolphins the the panthers the heat
They don't care about winter lose. They just don't care period
But I mean they are so phony man. It's it's frustrating as hell that's true
You got to stick with it. Okay. I grant you was a beautiful performance. It was terrible
But in the meantime, it's still one game of peace
We're still I think I got a good shot to win the series
And these people here are the biggest bunch of sarpa's assholes. I have ever seen in my life. They are they make me sick
I wanted to thank you for playing and reek a glacier. Well, thank God for you. What's wrong with Enrique? He's the best
He is as a matter of fact next to Louise
Every morning. I have to play him on the radio for my son. I'd like to play with him every morning
Believe me
Okay, see you. Well, she ran like hell on that note
Two open lines in day and six two two nine and then twice in the evening once in the morning and twice in the evening
Enrique don't get so about it
six two two w i o d and dayed is anybody awake and alive and alert out there
Okay, and that woman before says well, it's only been about hockey
See if you really listen to the show every day on this show we talk about at least a 50 a hundred things every day
There's a zillion things that come up like Francis gum
Where else could you you get a gum job like the one you got today from judy garland and she's dead
How do you like that? Francis gum?
Goyasha
Because somebody's trying to give us a song and a dance that lies a mannelli is jewish
Now judy garland was married about four hundred times and one of them may have been in juby
You know something it wouldn't make any difference anyway to listen to which mannelli wasn't the one who was jewish since it sounds real
Italian or to me okay. I know my dagos
It wouldn't make any difference because unless the mother is jewish
Can't be jewish okay? Are you following me? And if you believe in Jesus you also can't be jewish okay sweet heart
Oh she ain't listening over there. She's listening
And she said and she would nodded when I said that Jesus ate pork. She said I think you're right
North Miami Beach hello. Yeah, how you doing?
God doing happy pass-off and back to you sir
Is he's in Pesauk how about the Jewish hockey players? Yeah, Matthew stider really? Yes, sir
Toronto Maple Leafs
Is he kosher? He's kosher for Pesauk. Yes, he circumscribed
Yeah, that's good. That's a real matchable tonight, right and don't
Some wine. Okay, don't forget the wine. Okay, open line and date six two two nine four six three six two two
W.I.O.D. Try the wine. What was the song he was singing up in the bathtub? I'm singing in the rain
That's a song he was singing in clockwork orange. There's another great movie that probably most of you haven't seen
And if you haven't seen that movie you still don't know what life is all about. Okay. I
Love that I love the the sergeant there with a mustache. He was the best
He was the best
What was his name? I don't know what his name was in the movie. I don't either neither would anybody else
Okay, here's a Hollywood on a mobile. Hello
What's up off the band wagon
Yeah, yeah, go right range here as I told you I told you it's all what you pay for
Meaning what you had all those marquee players although they did keep Brian leach and check. Yeah, okay
Also in other words now you're singing a big song because they won a game. No, it's not a matter. We won a game
We beat you just like you beat us the first game. Yes, so it's even so what so what do you get all excited about with those marquee players
Let me ask you something about last year when they got yari curry and marty Mcsorley at the end of the year who also were older than dirt
They really worked out good didn't it? Well, that's all because they need a little bit of size a little bit of top
No, it's you know, it's because they don't know what they're doing
It's because Neil Smith is an asshole and keeps getting guys who are older than Johnny Bauer
Okay, which doesn't get the job done the Rangers are old baby and you're going down you're going down
See on the one guy that's still I mean
Granted we played one of the worst games you could imagine yesterday
But I'm not gonna sit here like and throw in the towel like a lot of you pussies out there
Well, you play by the way speaking up pussies. What the hell is this with bsr?
Yesterday we're on a power play and the puck comes to the side of the net and he covers
We're down at that point like one nothing two nothing whatever it is
He covers the puck at the side of the he does that more than any other goal tender and league
Except for Felix Poffan this last year because Felix didn't trust his defense with 38 or 40 shots of game and I don't blame him
You watch the way the other goalies and league play the puck you watch dominant a cashek
You watch Pat Roy there you watch the real great goal tenders in this game
And you'll see the way they play the puck instead of pushing out and freezing it every time anybody gets within 30 yards of the goal
I'm sorry when you're on the power play you don't freeze the puck so you have a face off in your own end bsr you pussy
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach hello
We love you panthers at least for a day
But if you lose the game please go away
Oh stewie why'd you have to go
Because without you we really blow
Yes, sir how are you great other than pretty depressing how the fans are bailing out on us huh?
Yeah, there's bad as the game was the fan reaction here is even worse
And then he's ranger fans just foaming it them up. I'm gonna let me say it for the 400th time today
They didn't play any great game yesterday. They were mediocre at best. I know it's pretty sad
You know, it's funny to have it all it transfers to all the other sports too, you know
Dolphins going on a little streak. They lose a few games everybody's ready to be too much
Half-fast phonies we got here man. Let's get some spirit
I've been trying for 21 years to inject a little enthusiasm in these people you can't do it if they don't have it
You can't do it. It's like making it's like making months of balls out of chicken crap
You can't do it exactly. You know what's that to and when a fat you know you're a true fan like
You're critical of the panthers and so forth and you hit these guys calling thinking just because you're being critical
That you're jumping off the band well. Yeah, their idea of being a real fan is just being a shield
That's all that then you want to know why is because they're not intelligent enough
They don't know enough about the game to discuss it intelligently. That's why right exactly
Even when we were winning for a period of time there we were sticking the joint out and god forbid you come on here and say that
And right away your attorney code you're a traitor. I know people they still understand
These people need to have a seminar to understand what the game is all about right
They don't understand that you can still be winning a game but not playing to you
I mean if you can't speak with a Canadian accent if you can't say a boot you haven't got a trineman's chance in hell and learning this game
Yeah, I will um hey Neil can I call somebody to do you back? Yes, sir
Leonard frank jabie you're all bunch of douchebags. Thank you. Okay pal whatever you said
Now that Edmonton Dallas game last night
Three nothing with three and a half or four minutes left in the game
Three nothing and the oilers come back a young team a fast team with Jason Arnard and with Doug wait
And I'm gonna say it again Brian Murray says back in the middle of November after he made that disgusting
He says I'd rather have Chris Wells than Doug wait any day of the week
And Doug wait is playing his brains out for those Edmonton oilers and Chris Wells is walking around in a zootsuit
As a healthy scratch. He scratches it every night
Can't stop it
The oilers
That was excitement baby that was emotion that was playoff coffee that was what it's all about
Not this turdburger stuff we saw yesterday
And our crowd, you know all we got to do is get down one other and the crowd is in a coma and
Did nothing for the team whatsoever in terms of that nothing zero zippity doda nothing
You're three people in the background. Let's go pan there like way off in the background
I mean while the right guys running around trying to you know get some attention
W-I-O-D when McDonald's in town she's not listening to us. We're not talking about women
Come on everybody. You looking man. We gonna play a game
All right, we be flipping Smith there
Any panic to be the name you know what you're talking about you take a bucket don't work
It must some skills to make it right
Check out what I've been kicking what you talking about you have it down in old time
Jesus
Jesus
Oh
This
Now try your luck with book
Buck
How about you?
Yeah, you're teal
See that's one thing about sports and sports people as you can take anything no matter how ridiculous it is
No matter how acid on it is and people start repeating it
Like all the nicknames these people give each other you know what I'm saying
Like what's that one oh that guy?
Shaky what's his name shaky Schwartz whatever that coaches name shaky how you doing shaky well be a little shaky today
You used to like your pizza in the old days
Here's Miami hello
Neil yes, sir
I just have a little bit of advice for you. Why don't you get off the subject of hockey and watch a real sport
Which is what which is football or basketball?
Well guess what football ain't going on our last time I checked
I'm not talking about right now but football ain't going on right now
Well, how can you watch it now at an equal and on why don't you get a life?
Why don't you discover what life is really all about okay? You would know a sport if they jumped a hockey stick up your ass
Here's plantation hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hi Neil. How you doing you watch it any football these days?
I'm a ranger fan and a penguin fan excuse me. Yeah, I'm really enjoying to play off some from back east
I'm down here visiting and and I'm on a penguin fan and you're enjoying to play off?
Well, wait a minute now
First of all, I'm gonna be a ranger fan and a penguin fan. I'll get that well from from when they started
I'm a ranger fan from back into 50s. Yeah, I'm a penguin fan since they're inception in the league in 67 68 and they've been in different divisions
Part of the time, but I have a tough time when they play each other. Yeah, but
If the penguin flyers game on a radio tonight the penguins flyers game on a radio tell me why would it be on a radio?
Well, I thought maybe one of the stations down here was gonna pick it up. No, okay?
Because we're on staying they don't get a ESPN. So I don't have a SPN. Where's that on the doose?
And I'm doing a doose and I'm so well for that. Oh, but anyway, um, I'm talking about the rangers. I think they're underachieving
Um, I like a colon Campbell. He's already the coach. I don't agree with that. I think he blows well
He's so so but anyway, I think the real coach of the team is Mark Missy and Wayne Gretzky. Yeah, and just like Brett Holland
St. Louis and you know something you can't do that. You can't have the players coach in the team. They go down pal their going down
He put a finger right on it there
Just like when Gretzky was trying to run the team out there in LA and they finally said okay get out of here already
Try to do the same thing in St. Louis with his boyfriend Brett Hall. They said hey, I'll get out of here already
You can't have the players running the team. Okay, it doesn't work
Here's Hollywood. Hello, Daniel. Yes, sir. Happy pay fuck and back to you. Hey
That was brilliant. That was great man. How long do you work on that?
Open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two two open lines and Howard
seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
W I O D
Oh that caller before was talking about football. That was a gaki doing a voice
That was a gaki doing a voice, okay
Uh somebody put a close clip clip on his on his clip. There's a gaki sucks. Okay. Here's Carol City. Hello
Hello, yes
Yeah, no, you're absolutely right about the software fans. They're all bunch of therapists. They can't play
Um, they don't understand the sport of hockey. They don't know they don't understand any sport
They're the same and every like the guy said before everything that goes on down here man
It's a fair weather. What are you done for me in the last five minutes every single thing that goes on exactly
You know, I need that you feel all of a sudden they lost yesterday against the ranger than all everybody's ready game
The change between friday and today is a 180 degree turn
They have turned like a worm like a rabid rat exactly
And you know something if we went tomorrow night in New York
Wednesday morning I'll come in here and these people will be going. We love you panthers
How about the game Neil? There'll be all be screaming and carrying on phony airsots make believe
You got it because that's it goes to show you now. Yeah, they ignorant
They're dumb by nature with the mother bottom to this world. She actually farther them out right
Excellent exactly right
Floridian dumb as dirt you tell them Jennifer you got it now need that
Brian Murray now easy as why I hate him with a passion. Yeah, I've reckon one with it run into him in in
Allie Wayne now. Any while I kick his butt all over the alleyway. I'll probably use them as a freaking toilet bowl. Okay. Oh, thank you. Okay. Good luck
Here's what was that was that short arms doing a a bit there or what?
Alligator arms here's a mobile and lake worth hello
You know how you doing today great never felt better man. Did you hear by any chance Chris more doing hang show on Friday?
Did I do not know I did not
Tells about how QAM is such a great station even though they're
Can you can you believe that one? Yeah?
What what's going on between him and yourself? What kind of an immensity who said that who made the comment?
Chris more
So what about it? What do I care what Chris more says? I'm just saying how could the guy hate you when you're going to be the franchise to that station?
Who said he hated me speaks to me all every game he you know he's too face. He speaks to my face
What do I care it's a radio show who cares? No, no problem. He's so worth of about. He sucks
All right. All right. Look the other thing is this fact is if all these ranger fans are such rangers and what the hell are you doing in Florida?
Yeah, I mean get them the hell out of this town already
I have to move I have to move to Toronto to be a maple leaf fan. Is that what you tell me?
I did such freaking dog. I put him dog. Oh my so am I go leave go
Get out of here don't be telling us what to do when we're to go we'll go when we're ready. Okay?
Well, we're good and ready and we'll go
Hey everybody to this guy you got a hussy this one. Oh, and about Chris more in there just relax. Okay?
Chris more he knows his place in Jersey. That's a good place for him. Oh, sorry Adam
157 at WIOD
