Guptanite, Bruce Williams in drag.
610 WIOD, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The talk with Neil calls 622 WIOD in date, 767 WIOD in Broward.
Mobile won an AT&T wireless customer can call toll free at pound IOD.
Oh right!
And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too.
They call toll free at 1-888-474-WIOD.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
Neil...
Yesss!
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
You don't have to punch up my head like...
Just hold your temper.
I don't think you're wearing your red one lipstick right?
RAD MAN
Or in the labor.
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
RAD MAN
Oh
Are you done?
Come on come on enough of the crying enough of the crying come on
All right
My god, it's we're changing the name of the franchise to the cry babies. I'm serious
I have never been so disgusted in my life. It's the last 48 hours or whatever the hell it's been
I just I can't cope with it. I cannot deal with it
Yesterday we sat here listening to four hours of sputum people who had no idea what they were talking about
And you know something you can you can debate that call two nights ago
You know from now to the end of time the fact is that there wouldn't have been any call and there wouldn't have been any
Lost if they wouldn't have blown the lead again with 19 seconds left. That's not debatable. That is a matter of fact
So let's find out this morning. What's the excuse for last night?
Let's be creative and find out at the end of the telecast last night
And I don't want to start picking on my close personal friend again, but I will anyway
At the end of the telecast and by the way in the pregame show they start out with 20 minutes of oh my god from Brian Murray
And the rim man and everybody else and we was robbed that by the way nice go and drive to make all you sure put somebody in place
That was great. Well, why don't you show the replay of that other one with Kirk Mueller last week. Wow, we don't have that all too bad
Yeah, and also wrong headline in the sunset last morning
Let's see this is this is what it took me 21 years to find out what this town is all about
Just put anything you want in the papers just go on a year and spew any kind of crap you want and everybody buys into it
They start repeating it like a bunch of parrots and HL official admits reason to feel angry. No, he didn't admit that
He admitted that there was a mistake in a one on Kirk Muller and Richter land those Sundays game
Not the one two nights ago, but hey, don't confuse the people of the Sun Sentinel cuz you had different people make the headlines
Etc. And so on let's hear the come on. Let's hear it. I
Want to find out what the excuse was last night. So on the post game show. I found out what it was
Oh, no, that wasn't it
That was not it cut the crap. Well, yeah, stop it
Put that tongue back into proper place will you the reason was according to the rim man that they lost last night in that
Gretzky had the natural hat trick there in the second period and made Eddie Joe and Paul laws and everybody else looked like a bunch of monkeys
The reason was because we still emotionally were so distraught
We just couldn't get our act together from the night before and I want to tell you something last season
With the whole organization okay from Brian Murray and Bill Tory and Doug McClain and every player on our team
It was character man every game they played they were never out of a game
They were always like battling right to the end no matter what the score was they had
Strumatic come back that for one game in Dallas. They were losing and tied it up
I mean time and time again never out of a game never cry babies never making excuses now
This franchise has become a bunch of winers and cry babies, okay?
How many times have that man in the creesteing been called this year that have caused teams dearly including already in the playoffs caused teams a goal and a game and
Yeah, you hear some conversation about it
But can that be used as an excuse the next day and the next week and the next month?
How long are we gonna make excuses that we got a defenseman there who's supposed to be a superstar that again last night in the third period
He's spending most of the time on the bench because he's an impediment to our lives
We don't trust putting his big ass on the ice and rightfully so
I mean it's a it's a sad thing. It's a shame
That's something that was so great and so positive has now been reduced to this this incessant
Winning and crying that just never stops now
And especially the people on their last night on the telecast win and crying about it
The night before couldn't figure out what the hell was going on
And they were the ones who like kind of cheerlead everybody else in a wine and crying
Who also didn't know what was going on and what the call really was?
So let's hear it. What was the reason that the Panthers lost to the Rangers last night besides number 99?
Let's hear what it is come on. I'm ready. I'm game
W I O D. Hey, how you doing? No, okay, sir? Great game last night. This team. It was a great game
Listen to me. This team is completely calm and dozing
So why does that make it a great game? Yeah, there was a great game between
Buffalo and Ottawa last night. That was the great game of the three. Okay, listen
Let's let's get to reality here. Age of anowski stinks. Yes, that's great
Defense
Um
Pinching it last night
Yeah, what do you got to have a Jewish guys go on the middle of paysock?
Of course, I was you know, he was going anyway, but the problem about Robbie. There's the one kid
Why don't you mention Robbie? There's the one guy that's playing him in the geezer Robbie baby nice go and sweet
Our he's playing all of a sudden. He got a fire under his ass right meal
Straca was useless Chris Wells wasn't even like paint watch and paint dry
He was less than useless
Staca will never be a player again to this team because McLean is he's totally destroyed his confidence and he's useless
Right, Doug McLean's head is so big. Yeah, his success got to his head so much what he thinks he can't do wrong
Yeah, Doug McLean doesn't have a clue right now of what lines to put on on the ice. Yeah, he doesn't have a clue on
Anything yeah, the only thing he knows is when and where he's gonna take showers with the players that he wants to take with yeah
Play a forming meal. Yeah, cuz I have a couple things to say about that. I'm listening
Bill Lindsey. Yeah, it's a shame. He didn't do anything bad last night cuz he didn't play yeah, of course
Garth Alas a we got the matrix. He got her. There's no excuse for for sitting back in the third period two days ago
Yeah, there's no excuse
Well, how is it that the coach had a press conference yesterday
He said that the officiating had nothing to do with losing the game the other night that it had to do with the fact that they
Went into a coma and the third period had only three shots including only one in the last 60 minutes
And they sat back and then tried to protect that one goal lead in blue with 19 seconds left
How come he said that and and everybody else including the general manager is on there like belly aching and moaning and carrying on and
You know you got to get over it man. You got to get over it. I'm alive
Mm-hmm crying and crying and so very sad thing to me. It's a very sad thing to me
It honestly is taking over and I'm gonna be there tomorrow night. I won't I'm giving my tickets away today's matter
Fact in my parking pass for tomorrow night because we had a choice. I had a dilemma right and a rumor made it up for me
When a post game show started and he came on there and made my comment made his I'm not oh god forbid made his comment about the
Reason that they lost is because they emotionally were so a distraught and they couldn't get their act back together after
I get in rob the night before at that point I picked up the phone
I got on the phone with the airliner said we're going away for the weekend and I'm gonna give away those not not because they're losing
But I just I I am tired. I need to rest from the ambiance of this whole cry baby syndrome man
I'm gonna tell you nobody wanted them to win more than I did tonight to go and let me say it again
But that was you know you can debate that pro-recon
I still think it was the proper call you can debate it forever
But when you blow the game for the umpteenth time with 19 seconds left and you see here like I did yesterday
Listen to four hours of people crying and whining and then here it again last night and here it is again in the paper today
Yesterday yesterday
There was almost nothing in here in the sunset and about it now. We got a whole big page with a headline
The players are still upset. Where is it? Oh, yeah, Panther's still upset over this allowed goal
Here's a whole practically page
Then of course in little Predaco's on arrangers our set cuz Bill Burr got slew footed there by a
Kirk Mueller and
Broke his ankle, but we don't care about that anymore than we care about Chris Wells
Bust and Messie's chin wide open and open a leak called on that. I mean this it's gotten to the point now
We're the now I'm beginning to one understand I don't begin and now I do understand
Absolutely why the fans here don't have a clue why every time a guy gets somebody give a great body check
Get one of our guys banging into the boards great play and the crowd here is yelling hey raff you suck and are screaming for a penalty because
They've been conditioned of this the broadcasters the management the people associated with that team
It's become a crybaby thing we become a bunch of winers and
Like I said, it's it's so in contrast to the whole character or what this team accomplished last year and away this town was behind them and enthused and involved
It's very sad
It's very sad to me because character and guts and balls is what we kept talking about all your long last year
And the last few months and I do mean few months like maybe since December
We haven't seen too much of that here's a team that hasn't won what do they want two games on the road since January
This is the end of April two games on the road can't win on the road
Guess what you're not gonna go too far into playoffs because you can't play all the games at home
can't win a game on a road can't protect the lead late in the game
And they're on their last night. I mean just on and on and on from the pregame with Ned Smith with his one I and Randy
Molar and they're crying and then the rimmer and Denise they're crying some more and Brian Murray's on here
And he's crying and then after the game. I'm hearing this crying because oh, yeah
I don't hear anybody talking about the fact that Eddie couldn't he couldn't play little league right now
He couldn't play for the Windsor Spitfires the way he's playing. They'd still stick his big fat ass on a bench
I
Mean don't take it away from Gretzky as much as I hate him
You know, that's when the stars come through just like Mary old last night a minute ago
There were head three to one the game is in the bag already and he scores on a breakaway a brilliant goal
And probably his last game ever in Pittsburgh. I mean the big stars the great players they shine at the right moment believe me
And Gretzky just these guys were standing around watching him there
They were like mesmerized like oh here he goes again. There's another move. Oh, it's in the net too bad too late and
People are crying. Oh, it's the referees fault
I'm a serious man it makes me want to puke it makes me want to barf
The tremendous turnaround that we've seen in one year and you know something most of it goes back
I don't want to go into it. You know when it goes back to if you've got a brain
You know when it goes back to we're gonna convince you we're gonna be about your hardasses
And we're gonna convince you that we're the geniuses
We know everything and everything we do is right whether that fat slawb on a radio agrees or not or anybody else
So there you go Jeff Nudnik says radio ratings bounce like yo-yo's
There's a picture of Howard again Howard really is a publicity okay Jeff
Lovely picture though
But at any rate yeah the ratings really we had a bomb on this station make no mistake about that we had La Bomba
I mean gigantic La Bomba although somehow this show we were still number one and men from 10 to 2
I'd say we did about an eight five which most people would kill for that and if it took out that one bad month of February
Where nobody could find a diaries and when I was ready to walk out of here we would have done okay
But hey life goes on you know what I'm saying we'll have to fumble our way through some way some way somehow
So we'll take names today by the way George
And in the one to two hour will love Sabrina can pay she gonna be here the whole time of course she is because she's not driving home
Is she?
Not today. Oh tomorrow
So she can pick the name out of the hat that'll be very exciting
We'll pick a winner and give away the tickets in the parking pass and come here pick it up and watch right there in 106
You can fill the asses in those seats with all the great company. You'll have in 106
You'll be able to sit right there and look up behind it. You're right and there'll be Rimmer and Denise and the tongues will be like
Bapapapapa all over the place
Man oh man oh man just cry and wine and carry on you got to go out there and get the job done
You know what I'm saying you got to go out there and play the game you can't keep crying forever doesn't get the job done
Doesn't win ball games hockey games domino games
It doesn't win pinuck alternatives. You can't just sit around and cry
W-I-O-T
Little Rogers is my lover
Jennifer
What's the news today?
We like what you say
Tell those asses they can all go
Take it in and hold it just so
No one needs the headlines quite like
We love the way
Just keep your mind and tell them all
You never change
You're right when you say that this place needs a child
And the dorm is blow job
Genoa
It's not to be
That you'll really feel
And if a Jennifer says you don't like
Yankee baby and get a life
Cost no one beats the
Genoa
And 20 of W-I-O-D here's the lady mobile in West Palm Beach hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am
What is it? Dropkick Rimmer. Yeah dropkick you don't need a guy like that
Don't need a guy like that as a friend what you know, I mean you consider the guy a friend
I separate business from personal. I don't think I could do that now with it not with the crap
He can't he can't do it, but I try to do it
What is this crap, you know, I mean aren't you sick of a I don't know yes
Well, what do you think I'm talking about I talked about it yesterday
I'm talking about it again today. I'm sick and tired of the company line show crap
Okay, these guys we played three playoff games so far or four of mom sorry
And now one of them have they gone out there and played a real game. We haven't seen any
Playoff caliber play from this team so far even again that we won that first game was nothing to write home about
Thomas I totally agree with you. I don't know if I could be friends with the guy
I mean how how do you have a serious camera? So now you're gonna
You've been talking about now you're gonna tell me who my friends are gonna be is that it? No, I'm not telling you who to be friends
I'm just saying I'm questioning why you would want to be friends with this guy
Don't you know anybody who's a good person except that in certain areas? They tend to be full of crap
You don't know anybody like that
You agree with all your friends and everything they say that's that you you can't separate business from personal
You better go talk to Connie okay, she'll straighten you out now. They will fear you
We have an open line at day at 622 w. I. Would do one on the other timeline one triple eight
And it's not just him it was Denise the same thing and go Brian Marie's on there. I thought he was gonna break into tears there
I thought he was absolutely gonna break into tears on it and interview in a pregame show
I love John Domingo though and believe me. I'm never one that sticks out for the officials because generally speaking
They release suck especially in the NHL
From Brian Burkin Domingo and all of the referees in the lines been most of them suck their performance is usually pretty weak
But get over it
Let's move on with life and then to use as an excuse when a game is over
We lost because we just couldn't emotionally get our act together from that from that horrible trauma that I'd be for now
Which trauma are we talking about the fact that we we got the goal taken away or the fact we blew the lead with 19 seconds left again
Like we did both games in Washington by the way once with 10 seconds left and once with 48 seconds left
And just do it over and over and over again
There wasn't one word about that there was not one word spoken about that that was the umpteenth time to this team can't protect the lead and can't win a game on a road
No conversation about that. It's just the same on and on and on and I can't deal with it man. I can't deal with it
Here's little Joey
Yes, sir, did you
Did you have the unfortunate pleasure of listening to the sports channel fellow cast yesterday?
Yes, I did did you hear in the first
Quarter for first quarter. I'm getting
Oh my god. Did you hear when Doug McLean said he was sorry. He didn't play Chris well enough the night before
Is that what he said? I did not hear that I?
Didn't hear that he said he was he says that he apologizes for the fact that he made a coaching error in not playing
Chris Wells and David Nemerowski more than I before yeah
More as if they didn't play enough falling third not Nemerowski but Wells didn't play enough falling on his butt losing his
Take it easy on factor in fact a he played better two nights ago. They did last night last night
He was invisible. I mean just useless as the days long
It's part again to this selling job. They're gonna pedal it to you whether you want to buy it or not
They're gonna keep shoving this guy down your throat whether you want to believe it or not
That's why he looks like Jesus same thing
Like the Christians are gonna make you know for you can't refuse like that inquisition
You're gonna believe this guy is great no matter what the hell you know how how weak he looks
You were gonna sell it to you and it's just this hard-ass attitude
We have to sacrifice the whole season because they made a bad deal and they refused to admit it and write down through the playoffs
They're still trying to pedal us this bull crap unreal
Then then yes, you can't let me tell you Joey you can't make gold out of chicken crap
Okay, you can't do it you cannot do it
I'm sorry. I wish they could do it. They can't do it
Well, it shouldn't someone be held accountable like van b's book nobody has asked him
Why did you decide to go out and do a belly flop?
No, nobody even talked about that. Did you hear anybody bring that up on the telecast?
Why does anybody have the ball to ask them beats me there too busy whining about the the call about the penalty?
Oh, yeah, and then yesterday the same reason that nobody talked about the fact we blew the lead again with 19 seconds left in the game
If you you know and we didn't play it all in the third period you've got to play 60 minutes during the regular season
But if you don't want to do that during the playoffs, please believe me
You've got to play 60 minutes not just a few minutes here in air and pretend you're gonna win a game you can't do it
No, and then more whining beneath yesterday when robot. I went to complain because Gordon Murphy jumped on he like oh
Stop whining right. Yeah, okay. The pot calling the kettle purple exactly
Don't I think that the night before they took a page out of Tom all of the dotties
Defense book and they played the prevent the right exactly
And it's right the only thing it does is it prevents you from winning the game
They don't learn that the dolphins have been doing that for 20 years
We get a week the same thing goes on with the
Yep
That's all I have to say me. Okay, Joey. Hey, yeah, you're up. Bye bye. Keep your kid up
You said we have an open line at day at 622 W. I. D. We have one at brown at 767 9463
Georgia'll take some names and phone numbers down
Anybody wants to apply you notice?
It's not quite like it might have been if we would have wanted you might have to explain it to these people that
They don't need to call me that's talk to you. Oh, that's right
If you don't want to talk to me and just think you're gonna call Georgia and register to win my tickets
I mean if you don't even want to speak to me to try to get my tickets in my parking pass
You really got some some gall man. You got some balls, baby as a matter of fact if they say the word free or tickets to me
I hang up on them. No, you're really immediately
Yeah, boy, does he have a lot of
What this thing is acting real
Real sensitive today even the equipment is sensitive today it might break out into tears
Or if that's unusual for the equipment to be sensitive around here. Yeah, right. Don't come in by the way
Howard everything's working fine just a joke
Oh my god, I just I need a rest. I need a rest from this place
I need a rest from this whole pan through a business now and people they're gonna be people out there say
Oh, yeah, just because they're down three to one. They're gonna lose the series
He's bailing out. It's got nothing to do with that has nothing to do and proof of the putting being
I mean being a leaf fan who were eliminated from the playoffs like three days after the season started
I don't bail out on my teams
But they're just did this whole ambiance man. It leaves a bad taste in my push. You can just you can smell it like 10 exactly
10 miles away. You can feel it
610 WIOD
Admission is the first step
I dropped my winger all right here's the moment you've been waiting for all night gentlemen
Let's give it up for our headliner
He's his back
You are the business who's just for you horny guy
Let's give us some dollars. You'll be
He doesn't work for nothing
Give him up
One of the years go for the $1 what
Buddy
How about one of you young Republicans get up there laying face up on the same with a dollar between you see
That's right there you go
He's going
And
Yeah
So how does that work in a snack to the dollar bill out of your push? It's 1032 a WIOD. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello
All right, it's Brian Murray
What's up Neil? Yes, sir
Yeah, another thing that you didn't mention
Yeah, what about in a third period when they spent we love you higher power play
Yeah, I like that and they kept looking they kept standing behind their own net looking up at the clock
Making sure their time was running out on a power play. I don't know what that was all about
That before I was kind of like how the sharks used to run their power play all in their own end waiting to get organized
You can't score on a pass can't score in your own end
Well, I mean you can stick it in your own net. We've done that but yeah fact number 23 did that first game
Who yeah, I don't want to bring back bad memories
Oh, well, that's all I got okay, can I can I register for the tickets absolutely sir?
Okay, thanks hang on number five tell me better put away the crying kid though. Okay number five
Whatever it is stick his name on here between about one o'clock. We'll pick out a name
And somebody will be able to go and enjoy the game tomorrow night and in peace and quiet
Hopefully I hope we don't have no assholes in 106 tomorrow night because you're gonna have some honored guests you won't have to contend with me
Nope
It was a choice between getting out of here for a weekend or going
They were listening to all this crying and whining and belly-ikin and bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop you know you got to go out there and get the job done
You can't keep crying over spilt whatever was
Here's Davy hello, you know, sir. I don't know. I'm distraught after last night
Membrace you say when you would talk about when you first got on the new station you would say
It's not just a question of if it's a question of when yes
I'm beginning to feel that way
It's not a question of if it's a question of when right like when golf season for the panthers is gonna start
Uh-huh, and I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pick maybe anaheim or scenics and watch them you know pick the real underdog somebody who
Nobody would expect to get in the did yeah, how about Ottawa or Ottawa? I was playing well
Look at those senators man overtime last night. They win one nothing what a game that was people think that
Low scoring games are boring
But man that was some game phenomenal saves that shields kid playing great for buffalo and
Tug nuts playing great for Ottawa phenomenal game shield is a very good gold tender. Yes. He is
I just want to comment last night about last night's defense
There was none yeah, I can't complain about the defense because we didn't have any I don't remember if it was the second or third of
Of Gretzky's hat trick, but he came in and he wound up like he was gonna let it fly right
Did he just like stop for it? Yeah, he didn't like the angle so he kind of like dittled around little bit and said
I think I'm gonna go over here and of course nobody went anywhere near him and how many times have you heard me say if you stand around and watch him
He's gonna just burn your ass and sure he did any of those guys him
Mario yoghurt if you stand and watch they do a little movie spin right? That's right. All of a sudden they're gone
And I was I was yelling where is the defense?
Jovo could flop gave another one up and he rode the pine most of the night
Yeah, I do like that third period again
He sits the sits the pine almost the whole third period
And this is supposed to be our superstar defense been I've been telling people all year long
Trading while you can still get something for him while the word is still out people think he's a hot shot
And now now the word is out that he's a stiff man. I mean he's just killing us this kid is killing us
It's not just a quick to have it a bad game all season long every time he's out there. He's an impediment
He's really getting worse by the minute now. It's the shame because the book is out on nobody's gonna want him
It's right. I mean, you know, just like that Ron and Ron show man
I mean when you get down to well one nine or whatever that is there you know, they would have been better off getting another gig a couple of months ago
Well
I don't know the big guy that I want to pick on them, but well the best thing that we can hope for is the next year
There's a vacant number 55 on the roster is a vacant number 23 on the roster. Okay. No, that'll never happen
He's a star man. They're gonna jam him down your throat until you're gagging on it like I said
Quack quack quack go ducks. Okay. See you. Okay. We have an open line at Broward
Like the ducks by the way ducks have a nice little team. They got some balls they got guts
They don't sit back and wine and cry
7679 463 767 W. I. Would need there's an opening in Broward as we kind of find out what what the story was last night
We're trying to find out why what the excuse was they stuck no had to be more than that. There had to be an excuse
Maybe the fact that they that Gritzki scored three and we only got two that it might have been the reason that we lost
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, they'll go on. Yes, sir. Hey
I got a lot of figures this weekend. Yeah. Yeah. Do I want to go to Vegas? Yeah. No
Why are you going? Well, you know, you're going out of town. I was gonna say once you take me with you
We can have you know have fun in the crash table. Yeah
I wanted to ask you
What the heck is rumored talking about at damn TV?
It's always ass licking and kissing Chris well that yeah
What's his problem? Well, that he gets paid by the Panthers. He gets paid by the lick
Oh, I mean that the Panthers actually pay him. In fact, you know
This alligator arms thing that Randy motor came up with what happened is that you know
He used to have normal length arms and when he went to work for the Panther organization
They did a skin graft and they took all of the skin that was like where his arms used to be and they put that on the tongue
So he can unroll his tongue now and it goes on the end of his toes and the arms are like a little flappers now
Yeah, alligator arms
Which comes in handy for a number one not reaching for the check and number two kissing a lot of ass
Yes, oh, so that's so he is there you go now you're starting to understand now the pieces of the puzzle are starting to get in the shape
Okay, I knew there's something behind that is just wondering yes, sir
But you may get my name on the list of course why not?
I have to a brilliant call like this one on hang on
Okay, line five again line five seems to be the lucky line a
1038 a W I O D here's Port St. Lucy. Hello. Good morning. Neil. When is to you? I just got done blowing chunks from that performance
Uh-huh, so I don't want to get into that
You're paying so through
Yeah, I'm just singing that song and keeps going through my mind
Listen, I
Haven't been able to listen the last couple months because I'm now in Port St. Lucy. I can't pick you up here in the office. Yeah
Um, so it bit bit tidbit. I've heard you're going to five sixty. Yeah
The pack something as we have to look at it was just never
Good from the start disaster
They've they're destroying this place. They're turning it into a parking lot and they got this consultant and this new pd
Who are basically the same person their clones of each other and they both really but they have this they think that you can make a formula out of talk radio
They have no concept of you know individual personalities
They really believe that you can just have this format and just plug in bodies, you know and do it
If you do the formatics right you're going to have a hit you're going to be a success and they're dreaming
They have no concept of why the station's been successful. What it's all about and they're they're they're burning it. They're savaging it
Well, Neil, I really miss you and I hope somehow I can can I get a shortwave radio to listen to you here or
Or how can I do that a shortwave radio that'll do it get you a GE super radio that might do it. Yeah
I think it'll do it. You know who this is right. No, I don't it's uh, I haven't talked to you in a while. You don't recognize me. No
I was formally in Bort Blaine Beach
I just wanted to say I miss you and I can't let not not Greg. Yeah. Oh, thank god. He's gone. Oh my god. Oh, let's have a party
Hallelujah. We are now we're not crying anymore. Let's just blow some horns and trumpets
Oh my god
No wonder we've been feeling so good last few days
Huh?
Life is almost worth living again
We have an open line in Broward. So what's that the shlump from the video place to when I don't have his boyfriend around anymore
767 w i o d in Broward is an opening there if you move real fast too late open line on the atul free out of town line 1
474 9463 1
Triple eight 474 w i o d Greg has been banished to Bort Blaine Beach. All right. Let's hear it. Let's have a major freaking party over here. Oh
Here's Knoxville alleged hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Man, I've been Jones and to hear you. Here. I am well
Greg you can get a computer spend a couple of dollars and get a computer because that's where I'm listening to you. You don't have a couple of dollars
Yeah, well. Oh man
Sorry, are you going to school up there or what? No, man. I just escaped Miami up here. Oh congratulations to him
Yeah, nobody obelisk anything up here
In fact, you remember the flood in the Bible, you know 40 days and 40 nights
I think we may have the same thing we're going to drown in a sea of crocodile tears from all these Panther people
Yeah
Right. Yeah
We're drowning over here, man. I don't know nothing about no Panther thing. We don't why do we can get that up here? Yeah good for you
You didn't miss a thing
Yeah, can I uh
Well, I don't know I guess it's too early to ask you for the tickets. Yeah, I don't think you want to come down from Knoxville
Yeah, okay pal have a great day. Hey, yeah
Can I can I call somebody a douchebag? Go ahead. All right. Can't blend your douchebag and Glenn Hill your butt plugs. Okay. Bye-bye
Oh, George is nodding his head on the last part there
We have an open line on the other town line to Palm Beach left the line the audio netline one triple eight four seven four
Walters Sabo's a douchebag. There you go
Man, did I sniff that whole deal out? They lied through their teeth and they gave me a song at a dance
And always not gonna do this and he's not gonna do that and he doesn't believe it as go give me that baloney
They believe that there's a formula the dick you can do what this station is done for the last eight years
You can make a formula out of it and pedal it like like jello
Remember what happened in the last guys ate a lot of jello look what happened to them man or was that yeah
Was I think Bill Cosby had his finger in that you could almost taste it
Just make a formula just plug in a bunch of bodies that doesn't make any difference who they are
It doesn't make any difference if they really have anything to say because if you just
Just put on those hot topics like how I read out a quarters trying to put up the the parking meter
I kept sticking quarters in there and the little thing wouldn't move
Or about that gas cap man every time I get gas now. I'm like self conscious about my gas cap not
10 for
Yeah, that's it just let him plug in those hot topics you can get those peaks of 20 shares look at this week book
We just had here man
We need buddy bud and water sabote to help us get those peaks of 20 shares
With these hot topics man this guy's an expert or some kind of pert vert
W I O T
That 47 at W I do we just had a spy report carrying gay uh Aaron K
Whatever name is last night at a really original topic do you pee? Do you wash your hands after you pee?
God, that's new and original isn't I wonder which is that number 48 on a list this week water
Which one is that and she and the rumor is she does not wash your hands after she's not every time and like I've said before with guys
I mean if you're peeing instrument is clean. Why should you have to wash your hands?
I had one in my mouth one here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, oh, yes, sir. Oh, God
Then that guy some log some log rolling tickets. Yeah, Tennessee
Anyway, the game Tuesday night with all the how about just some logs sounds good
Yeah, clearly interference on Melody. Yeah sure look like it to me. Yeah, I don't know what everybody's crying about you lose the game
She'll each run into a Richter and sput them around like a draider and that's it
You know you can argue that from now until the year 25 25
But to use that as an excuse for why we lost my see a team that's got real character
Okay, if they if they are so pissed off and they feel that they've been robbed you come out the next night and you beat the crap out of these guys
Because we kept hearing that all we had to do was show up last night and arrangers are old and it's back to back games
Randy motor kept talking on that thing a million times
And all we got to do is just show up with our uniforms on put up our put our skates on and we're gonna kick their ass because they're old and they're tired and back to back
Night so we got that second game all locked up. So what happened last night not only did we not come back looking for
Looking for blood, but they kicked our in an old man kicked our ass. All right needle nose. Yeah, hey last night though
Third period the final patrick goal
Did you see Jovanowski he was standing right in front of Greta he was just he was wandering around yeah
He turned sideways. Yeah, he didn't even attempt to try to block that this kid is lost
He needs a road map and a compass he knew the he needs a one-way ticket back to Windsor Ontario
He does we need some more swaylers and some straw cuz out there and yeah, the truck struck is done the coaches
Taking away his confidence. He's made him into a head case. He's useless out there
Well anyway, you know you put that much pressure on somebody that if you don't score
I'm gonna sit you rise down the bench and I don't believe you're a player anyway
Well, you know you might forget about it just send him home set him back to checkers LaVaccia
Right on because he's destroyed him
Nail enjoy your move enjoy your your weekend and I'm not in chat new
So I stick around for the ticket sure no problem hold on line six put him on it. Don't be apologetic
We'll stick your name on that list. I mean you probably won't get him, but you never know
Maybe we'll send you a big bright yellow envelope. Okay. I got one of those in the mail again yesterday
Last week or two weeks ago was the big orange envelope from those uh go him out there in California
If I had a dollar for every piece of junk mail that I get every day
I could be tarry could just go home and sit around wait for the postal thing to show up
Just pounds and pounds and tons of crap almost all of it is fraudulent almost all of it is bull crap
And your federal government that's so concerned about
Everything else whether we say crap on here. They don't care what kind of garbage they send you to mail as long as there's no naked pictures in there by the way
Here's Pemberg Pines hello. Hey Nail. Yes, sir. First of all
The porkers are out hot and heavy with the radar really on
Finds bull of our between university great
I
So all the Niles will count for that one 24th of April must be something significant about it. Yeah, I need a few bucks
Yeah, that must be it and number two the pants has got my support 100%
But if they don't do something drastically different we're gonna be watching other teams playing the playoffs real soon
Yeah, because I mean, they still you know, they still got a shot just because they down three one
I mean it's a very very very tough thing now especially since they're gonna have to win some games on the road
But yeah, you know tough short of come back from that now
Yeah, but I think I just can't deal with the with the crying man. I can't I can't deal with I can't stand it
I don't want to be around it
I'm hoping that they can overcome that and they can like grow up and you know and and be like they used to be but I don't know
Well, crying is not going to get anything better for the team. So right? Right?
Number one number two if Doug McLean would start playing the right
Combinations again and give the guys a score and a chance and stop putting these
Assholes that aren't doing anything out there. Maybe just maybe we can come back to this. Well, just remember
He's selling us Chris well just remember that and don't ever forget it
He's gonna sell him to us whether we believe it or not. Nobody wants them. Well too bad
Hey, can I get in the left? Sure
Line four
We have an open line any out of town line one triple eight four seven four nine. There's Mario minute to go
Breakaway and a crowd went nuts. They went apeshawt there in Pittsburgh. There he is
Kissing the crowd he knows it's all over. They won a game. Oh, there's Mario right there in the locker room afterward
What a guy what a guy there's a guy no crying no BS no bull crap
All class baby all class
120 percent class all the way around no excuses no baloney
We have an open line of power at seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W I O D
We're selling we're selling tears by the ounce today
We're gonna package him we're selling liquid tears and we're gonna send him to everybody
We're gonna release them this weekend have a gigantic flood even Noah would be embarrassed
Oh, there it is again. There's needle nose. Oh, here he comes again to on one. Oh another one's in the net
And here he comes again. Oh, he didn't like that angle takes that shot another one in the net hat trick
Needle nose baby hat trick as we stood around there wasn't anybody near him on any one of those three shots
There one he could he could have stopped and written a letter home. He could have written a letter to Don Cherry
And then picked up his stick again said oh by the way. I just stuck it in here again. There's another there's three
Man oh man oh man how embarrassing
But we're we're too busy oh belly it can that's the problem too busy crying
Too busy when
That's right. That's the problem
Here's Kendall hello
Hey, Neil. I'm not calling to suck around for take for you excellent. Oh well. I have I don't like too much suction today
I know you get enough of that now I go to FIU and I have a final tonight. I've had finals all week
Yes, sir. I couldn't even see the the game last night, but it sounds like believe me you made a smart choice
Well, I don't know it was a pretty sick final, but
Listen, I graduate today, and I am moving to Washington DC really
I just wanted to thank you for all the all the memories and memories. I've been listening to you for about 12 years now
All right, and um, I'll try to catch up with you on the internet, but uh, I'm gonna miss hearing you man. You've uh
made a lot of all this crap that I hear about in the news and everything a bit easy to take you have very
good perspective on things. Yes, I do
Now you do for real and I know I do and uh
You know stuff like the OJ not all that complete BS that was and you you told it like it was and about everything right
Well, listen best of luck pal. All right take care man. Good luck later. See you
I do like that. We're losing another young living and breathing person
We can't afford to do that and who the hell says this last rating book was anglo's
I mean, don't we have anglo's in there like most of our audience plus a few spics
I mean, what is that? Well, that's what it says in here Jeff Nudendick's analization
Then he goes on to say the top three stations were radio Amor hot 105 and uh, jams jamming it
Last time I checked those were still your ethnic stations, okay
Just the fact that we got a bunch of bogus diaries for love 94 and life
I mean does that prove something and then of course they quote the great ratings expert Rana Wolfe
Who says it's just who gets the books and returns them. It's the diaries. No kidding sweet art
Very good. She is right man. I'm telling you. She is a sharp as a monster ball. I run a wolf
I'm really gonna when I leave her
I'm gonna miss those days when they have the big corporate meetings up front here like I'm under your Tuesday
Whatever morning it was and she'd be up there and come out to get a freak up a coffee in the kitchen
And I'd come walk it in the morning. She'd look me right in the eye and see yeah, I missed those emotional moments with Rana
Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neal? How you doing, sir? All right, buddy?
I must agree with you if they don't give up that gold 19 seconds to go. There's nothing else to talk about
That's right. Then we're in the driver's seat man. You know, then at the worst worst it happens. We're tied to a piece now
I don't know how many times that happened to us this year, but for some reason 400
We expect the beavers to be a wall back there. Yeah, and you know, he I guess he panicked and said if I don't jump on it
No, he did he didn't trust his defense. They were scrambling all around they were running around frantic
And he did panic a little bit and he said I got to take matters into my own hands
He took the calculated risk. I'm gonna dive out and grab it
And if I don't get it, I got a real problem here because I'm not in position to stop the buck
And he did not get it. It's courted loose and Messier stuck it over to Robatine
He stuck it right in the open net exactly what happened. He didn't have confidence in that defense because they can't keep guys away from him
Yeah, everybody there swarming all over them. They're taking shot after shot. Yeah, how many times did he freeze the buck in the third period like 20 times?
Yeah, you know, it's just
It's too much we're not doing it man
This hasn't been the same team
We didn't have you know three real nice games in a row. They were against Jersey and against Pittsburgh in the first game in this series
But three games doesn't make a season and if you look back on like from like I said
The December right on true and of course we only won two games on a road from January right up till this moment
It's just not the same. Yeah, yeah
There's something missing there. There's several ingredients missing
But I don't want to dwell on what they might be I would I would wonder when the last time we had the three game winning streak was also
Yeah, that gives you a lot of confidence going to pride in the night's game. Yep
Well, Neil, that's all I have to say if you don't mind put me on that list. I don't mind sir
Because this is America God damn it hang on line 13 on a mobile there put that goofball on there put his put something on there
Yep, that's right. I'm not going to moron. Of course, there are a lot of people out there
Oh, yeah, he's jumping off the band. No, I'm not jumping off or I wasn't and ever on a bandwagon
I don't buy these season tickets because I'm a bandwagon jumper
But there just comes a time when people just turn you off and you say sorry. I just I need a rest
I need to clear the cobwebs out of my brain. I've heard enough bull crap in the last 48 hours till last 50 lifetimes man
Start coping with reality and stop sugar coating in BS and manage it just kills me
It kills me you watch guys play and then you listen to some of these uh talkus liquors out there. Oh, yeah, he played a real great game. He did
I
Mean what game were you watching?
You know, why not why just not say anything at all
Wouldn't that be better some nights as opposed to when some nights like when Eddie is coughing it up 55 times in a first period to match his uniform number
I mean why just don't even mention it if you're terrified that you might say something negative and Wayne might get pissed off
But all these broadcasters and all the all the emogals there the general manager and this one and that one
They're all just uh, it's very sad
We had one gigantic wonderful marvelous spectacular year last year and now all of a sudden it's like a wow
We can't do anything wrong somebody's out to get us
10 58 at wiod here something that won't be wrong pick up the phone and call hydrant technologies at their toll-free number
And they'll send you absolute free. They're a great catalog of skin care products for both men and women and a free sample too
Let me say it again fr ee the way we all like it. What's wrong with free the best things in life are free
That's what the song said even the cockamoon is free isn't that what it says in that song that's right the best things in life are free dammit
So pick up the phone right now and call one one eight hundred four hydrant and they'll send you the catalog in the sample
And if you don't think you need uh, skin care products everybody needs it for something you got to you know what i'm saying
Everybody's got some place to got a smirror it for example if you play sports mental ice from hydrant
Now the most depends on you
And the powers you possess
Since you saved his life with your flight scissor night he's got a job where you can do
Oh
You have a brand new style
We love the way you want your doom
With the make me on your chest and all the grease you tight dress
Oh
Who's with the speed of the south
Sense of that dice straight to hell
When a building starts to grow
Oh
1119 at w.i.w.i.o.d. Here's halendale hello
Halendale
Hello yes, can you hear me yes sir what's going on not much what's the subject about now what's the subject
Also long I forgot parking meters parking meters yeah, what about the lady who would go around putting gloves and everybody's meter
Get their ass out of jail and she gets arrested for that right what's up with that i think uh, it's a communist plot that's what i think i think castra is behind it
That's a whole different subject i don't want to go in there by any good watches lately
Not lately. Do you like any good ones lately?
Mm-hmm thought about it wash your hands after you take a leak
Have a chance i get okay
Anything else yeah my sister wants to call somebody a douchebag. Okay good tell her go right ahead
We have an open line in broward 7679 463 767 w.i.o.d
Ha that was great. Here's Miami hello
Miami hello nia when is this how you doing?
Come a star real good come a star
Watch it did you see the play where uh grisky
Um, I think was the second or third goal. I saw them all where i think it was the third one where he he burned
Joanowski yeah and then Joanowski tried to get back
But instead of like blocking his view to an office he got it his way
Yeah, yeah
And here i go mr. grisky always defer to my elders and then another thing i noticed you noticed like in the last five or six minutes
The panthers would get to the blue line and then dump the puck
Yeah, instead of trying to you know force their way in there or create something
I noticed at one time when
Stracco was flying down the left wing and shepard like what brought it to the blue line and then kind of like stopped and put
Marty offside and then Denise came on and very accurately said that you can't slow down
You have to keep the flow of the play going and it uh ray made a mistake on a play and then my good friend
Rimmer comes on and says because naturally you know if you rip struck it
That's the appropriate thing to do. Oh no well if Marty would have just not passed the puck to shepard and brought it in himself
That would have been the right thing to do and there was this long pregnant pause like even Denise was saying to himself
What what are you talking about man?
And there's one other thing that's driving me
No, just it's just it's just an ass sucking fest is what this whole thing has become man. It's very distasteful
Have you ever have you noticed it?
Yeah, it works here Kirk Mueller
Makes the shot. Yeah, that it's nowhere near the goal. Yeah, well
I mean it we said he'd get a lot of shots
We didn't say that they'd necessarily be near the net he kept hitting that double with sign. Yeah
Well, maybe
Yes, it can relate to it. That's right. Maybe he was trying to give us a message there. Maybe he needed a little relief
And there's one more thing I want to wonder if he washes his hands afterward anyway. Yes, I want to thank you personally
For getting me into hockey those guys from Kingston, Ontario
They know wash their hands after they take a leak even just asked on cherry even my wife is into it great
She's never like sports and hockey too. She's up. Yeah
Yes, you can that's one of the things and can I get on the list? That's why just said okay
Great one line 12 put him on air. I'm a psychic man. How did I know well as wife is into it in a game two so they want to go
Why not not great seats by the way even if there are a few assholes sitting at section
Where you're gonna go?
Where you're gonna sit in any arena in this town or any ballpark and not have a few assholes around
Just ignore them put on your blinders and your blinkers and your ear plugs and have a great time and don't eat too much of that food
It'll kill you
Bad food in that arena boy, bad except for the nuts
Oh, man, they got great nuts
Here's Hollywood. Hello, good morning sir. Yes, sir
Did you didn't get anything with Mike Lang last night, did you?
I did tape the game you did but I didn't bring it in okay one if it'll make you happy. I'll bring something tomorrow
You know what pisses me off because you can only I mean I got two satellites
Identicable I got two vc Rs so I'm taping our game of course the panther game I mean their game the panthers and I'm taping
The penguin game with the Philadelphia
But then
Layton the game I turned over because Buffalo and Ottawa playing an incredible game in rich generous go in a shot
And I turned that game on and it ends and they go into overtime now
I flip back to Mike Lang and Mario had just scored on a breakaway so I don't I missed it
I really it's just frosted my ass because the crowd at this point is going crazy
I know I must have been a great call it was incredible it would
That's why I thought Mike Lang I mean he must have been choking back tears last night because you couldn't get a better finish
Right he gets the break away. Yeah, well, I saw the replay. They showed the replay
But I didn't get the call which is very depressing to see alive
Or they're just been incredible. I know Mike Lang had a lot of nice things. How do you like the way Mario stuck it right?
Through snow his legs there. He had saw that opening and he stuck it right in there
You can't get any I mean you talk 110 120 percent class that yeah, 200 percent right
It's a real shame, but you looked at his wife and she know she's got the little baby in her hands
Yeah, you look at the man and if he's playing in that much pain and and everything else
You got to say go for it just go home and spend your days just being happy. That's right
You know he doesn't need to take any more cheap shots or anything like that. That's right. You got it
And there's nothing is nothing left to prove you know what I'm saying is got to be talks
He has nothing left to prove he can go alive happily ever after and we'll miss him, but more power to at least we got the chance to see somebody like
Tiny Tim would say God bless him you got it and the other thing I wanted to laugh at was Chris Mori yesterday around one third
I'm laughing already. Oh Chris Mori
He said that he had a talk with Brian Murray and Brian Murray
Came on and said you know I've talked to Doug and Doug is pretty well over it and Doug is assured me that the young kids now are gonna step up
And really come out and show us what we're made of and I think in all boy. What is David dunk?
Well, Numerowski played good. He got a nice school there
Well, there's and Robbie continued playing great. He got a beautiful goal
But other than that other than that
Other than that everybody was in a coma you got it. You got it. Everybody was in a coma. I'd love to go to more night
Niel. Okay. Hang on. Thank you line six. This guy wants to go everybody wants to go
You know what I'm saying? If you want to go
It's a free country
Oh
My god the young kids are gonna step up and we're gonna win there all we had a new show up
That's what I kept here and see anybody anybody can spew bull crap that doesn't take any talent whatsoever
You don't win sporting events you don't win presidential elections you don't win miss universe just by showing up
You know what I'm saying?
Just by talking a good game you got to go out there and do it you got to execute and quite frankly eddie
A lot of be executed in fact here's a great fact
It's got the eddie down the side every defensive disaster incredibly executed eddie nice go on. Thank you so much Eric eddie
The crowd they're like foaming it to mouth in the arena. They love him
Eddie Eddie go home eddie go back to Windsor man will pack his salami sandwich
You're a good guy. It's not personal see eddie can separate the personal from the he can do that Kenny you can't
Because I know rimmer can't do it
Very like that woman said before it's hard. It's very hard being friends
I mean like rumors why fairer than I we get along great. She's wonderful
She's one of the nicest people you'd ever want to meet. He went at big ring that he bought her but
Rimmer it's like separating business from personal you can't do it because he's so involved
It's such an integral part of his existence this Brian Murray Doug McLean the way the whole thing, you know
It's you've got to put it over in a compartment and he can't do it
He takes it personal this is business and he takes it personal
Remember the day it's how long did it take me to get him to finally say
They stunk you know what I'm saying? It took me like a half an hour to get to squeeze those words out of his place
They stunk exactly
And he and you know something life is still going on
My face still the world is still spinning around even though he said they stunk
1127 a W.Y.O.D. if your carpets stink well, I mean you know
Seriously, sometimes your carpets are so filthy that they not really look bad. They smell bad. Oh, I've a I mean
That's pretty embarrassing ain't it? I can relate to it though because I got a little dog that likes to
And I'm gonna do it there. No, no he does squirt squirt every now and then when he least expected
So if your carpets need to be clean there are a whole bunch of things you can do
You can open up the yellow pages and have an axe murder come to your home and maybe a kill a few people
Or you can go to the supermarket and slip home a bunch of heavy equipment and pretend you know what you're doing
And make a mess and smear it all over and get a herniad rag in the equipment or you can do the smart thing like
I do once so you're in called the experts the best in the universe at dry concepts
It'll be one of the most pleasant experiences you've had in your life. I guarantee it
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront
They do a super job of dry cleaning your carpets getting them squeaky clean
They look like brand new they apply a disinfectant while they're doing the job
So your carpets smell emity fresh they give you nice little rows when you get done no head-ons no
BS no games no tack-ons because like I said they guarantee you the price before they touch anything even your carpets
And when they get done you look around you're in amazement you say it looks like I got brand new carpeting installed
wall-to-wall even if you don't have wall-to-wall carpeting
That's how good it looks so pick up the phone to call them today dry concepts and date call 930
3636 and Broward 581 407 39 and a West Palm Beach 930 4739 and by the way George one of the high school guys coming in
610 W I O T
I already have a homosexual relationship with NEO so I might as well have one with you too
Radio goods tape
Take this is cut number one secretation man
Version number two because George and like the original one second version
secretation
I will
Come
Asian money.
Asian money as indigenous you above such hands and ashamed you back again.
curly
My first 3-5 Thursday,speakingly to the responded
to the sound!
Is it bads for me to scream faster in university?
Beware of saying that things get slower!!
l'm a thirty three w i o t some very fascinating reports some spirited
reports about here in the okay carynga gay whatever i heard in the news
waltz abel's girlfriend we have a special guest on the phone now i can't believe it
did i have a hallucinary event
or did i hear myself laughing during that
that
if this possible well i did look ahead on the uh... george that look who's next
on the list right that i put something in there for you well it's a sports talk
yes it is okay because i uh... sport nobody else is doing on a station anymore
i might as well do it well uh... sports question came up and i didn't know
where else to call here he carries the answer
that's always you didn't you didn't just say
did you
how you doing well that move to the new station yes
very good
all right
all right well i didn't understand the phrasing the question will that move to
of course okay are you could doubting that i'm going to keep your legacy alive
why didn't but i just want to be sure you absolutely okay in fact we're going
to be having brand new studios in air over by power 96 and i'm not going to have
to work in at the toilet where they're all festering right now i wondered about
that yeah thank goodness for that well you know the the spirit of johnny go into
that building in the one that's there now yeah that's why i'm not going there
like that i'm not crazy okay i think that there's more spirits than uh... just
his two by the way and the big house spirit but we don't want to get into that
yeah and funny foxes working there on kiss two by the way here we know an end
every now and then yeah he's doing some stuff at kiss wow exactly next thing
you know Greg butle will be and dime cocks is doing some stuff over there too like
what like that
yeah in nineteen sixty three yes
Roger merris led the major leagues in home runs he did now in that i think you mean in
nineteen sixty one well you're you're interfering your reality is interfering
with the joke okay okay now in that same year sixty three
who got hit in the head with the most ball oh yeah i can't believe you're asking me this question
steve stone that works fine that is that you know how old that is well my answer with
liberati but i mean i know i know you're a little isolated up there in lakeland i know the joke
just got there after like twenty five years but that's that's i the answer used to be rock Hudson
but steve said will do and uh... yeah that wasn't bad all kinds of things work yeah i was going to
say uh... what's his name the guy i don't know for what was that guy and at the awful show with a cops
eric astrada that's what i was going to say all but all you would understand that well i understand
that great yeah well that's going on up there like when people do tells me that you are dying to
come up here and do mid days on the station that's what he told me a couple of weeks ago
said he had a phone call from you and you're just desperate to come up here and do the show rose
folder yeah said those words to you pretty much like that you know well
now
everything very quiet everything's happy up here yeah buddy bud you know it's presence is
up here just like everywhere else does he be selling pubics or coney is there too oh sure uh-huh
so everything's fine and uh... somebody just sent me some newspaper clipping last week so i just
thought i'd call up and uh... congratulate you thank you and uh...
i i would tell you when i'm going over there but i wish i knew you don't say
uh... all i can tell you is that my last day on w i d working for these abort again
christians will be uh... no later than september 30th of this year hopefully earlier but i have my doubts
okay
uh... you know what i'm saying yeah and uh... you gonna do mid days over there
yeah same thing same show not a sports show by the way just the same show uh well
that's all i talk about a sports anyway you know that well that's why it's a sports
station right so i thought it would fit right here i kind of fit over there but where's
rest bing bong going he's he's already on winds you haven't caught up with the times well
they've got the uh... fabulous sports bitch on air from ten to noon
oh no that's the pronounced the flat you know the flat sports bitch right he's uh...
she's cutting them over there and they got uh... like kind of a make-believe show from noon to three
because they just been biting time to lie with go there i guess
uh...
okay so it'll be great
the only thing has a little concern that i won't leave any food for them but uh... you know me i can
have enough food for everybody well that is a concern yeah we have we have plenty of practice
that is a matter of fact pony tail is going to be here today
uh... i haven't bring some uh... droppings for you yeah so how's everything okay
oh yeah everything's okay you learn all right yeah great yeah bobbin shural war over here to say hi
not too long go affect uh on the friday that's a story that i was leaving i would be hit the papers
the entire old cocks staff came over here because they that happened to be hard had day
whatever hard had day is seriously that was hard at you know the y100 building right up the street
here from us sure well they were visiting what's going to be their new uh...
yes i heard that right so they came over here everybody was here tim uh... being was here and uh...
miche ween and uh... all bunch of glam they were all here
yeah was great well shural was here kissing me all over the place it was uh... uh... like i said
so the new building is going to be there by power
ninety six well that's the studio's going to be in that building yeah always right brand new studios
yeah and then you have this spirited on cocks yeah yeah i don't work out i like i
smell that i would go by yeah in fact the the great part of it is it's like about two oh seven to
four forty one so it's very close to the north aid paction building so on my way to work every
morning i hear a stop by and say hi to rana wolf yeah which is the old gloves ninety four
right i can stop and wave to rana say to you you know
yes right when i was a role soldier
should be that's where he hangs out every time rana would come in his building in
last six months i'd walk out in the hallway and look at her and she'd say i mean
you know we have a real tight relationship there's nothing like it
oh yeah exactly i'm a delighted that you called because uh... i feel like i'm being let out
of alcatraz off death row it's great
yeah yeah yeah well you're enjoying your satellite dish oh yes we weren't on the air we could
talk satellite talk for a couple of hours oh we can still do that these these people are waiting
they'll wait forever they're waiting for free hockey tickets so yeah right well that you know
how that works yeah yeah like it or yeah i'm really i'm kind of glad no i am glad i got the big
dish instead of the mini yeah you know me i'm doing so i have to have two separate dishes well
you can see more i can play shake on the little dish you get you get to watch those those anchors
you know on the big dish yeah right do it do it do in their thing do in their anchor yeah but i'm
really you know what i'm really i've really found uh... i'm really uh... enjoying on the dish
is the west coast feeds boy those people are in another world out there yeah they really are aren't
they they're at a time during the oj thing boy those west coast feeds were really something well for
about a week a couple months ago i would tune in the you know k n bc six o'clock right right
these anchors would come on here you know everything going on the world they would come on their
their their five o'clock there and they did but now the lead story and they would come on and say
liz Taylor it's still in the hospital right my god well you better get your priority straight now
mister yeah i just don't know where it's at those people they don't they're amazing yeah that's
what Phil Henry tells me yeah so all kinds of things like that you know still was in town for a
couple of days but unfortunately we didn't uh... didn't get to touch base i called him we welcome
up out of a sound sleep on friday morning and talk to him i made and his luck would have it he was
coming into town yes uh... to monday and two day this week but only to do the depositions in the
brinecox lawsuit uh... so we didn't have a chance to ask him what did brine tell you any say
so much and that was basically it so you don't know if you work in working in a building without
Johnny dark around you all right yeah we're still surviving okay as a matter of fact there's more food
for everybody now it works out real well he was over here that day to by the way
is it still working the same time he's still wearing it's the same one yeah
he have any video ice cream with him uh... you know he sure
yes he we're going this is for all time people we only let people come in who were there
where their heart on their sleeve in their meal on their uh... that's why fat rich was here a
couple of days ago too is my uh... what tell him hi when you see i'll do it yeah all right well i'll
let you get back to the uh... meaningless and pointless that's it to uh...
grinding out a few bucks you got it yeah that's take care of yourself
good to talk to you good here from you bye bye there's the bird glan hill somebody just
called me forward said uh... some grotesque uh... uh... uh... it must be a psychic vibration
don't you think anyway we have it open line i killed some good time and these people say damn him
what did he do it took like five minutes we're waiting and waiting here's a lady in hollywood i'm sorry
hello a bonjourner bonjourner no comas die
they they didn't do uh... of course he could see uh... uh...
no i have a question before i have to be put on the list see
on that i had to unfortunate uh... well unfortunate
experience of listening to the last couple of games on the radio
and uh... yeah uh...
much i didn't think
anyway uh... last night they were commenting mohler and uh... more were commenting about how after
creptski uh... did it at trick deal that the other players and the rangers were not
as forthcoming with uh... congratulations and we're sort of like acting like they
were uh... pissed off or jealous or something but not being able to see the game i was
wondering what you're taking to know to say i did not i didn't see any of that
seems to me that they were ecstatic that they were a brilliant and that they were
forming at the mouth because they were winning the game
isn't that funny how uh... people see things different i don't i don't know where they came up with
that i don't i mean i know that there's no love lost between greptski and robot
tied to hate each other like poison but uh... what's everything to make well it
doesn't make any they want the game right that's right to get paid to go out there and play the game
huh somebody has to score a lot of the second that's right
okay well uh... i'm uh... shamelessly going to be asked to put on the list and i
haven't been to a game at all this year okay and i would love to um...
see the game at least any game before the season's up which will be friday
this year will well could be i hope not okay
subito okay
right to put around here right away line four
open line any out of town line one triple eight four seven i don't mean right
away whenever you get around to but i just wanted to show i know one more word in
the time in subito i love it
eleven forty three at w i d adam just came in here in time for lunch how do you
like them apple side i'm just wanted in here saying hey what format we run into
day
so our topic today is uh... do you wash it off before you i use it that's the
he was talking about that as well right after as well as well as well
you know how that thing has been pounded into the ground if i can use that
expression
i mean come score scored on
god
you know i'm not gonna say why should i say why do i care do i really care well
not really eleven forty four w i d who needs bowl speaking of that we don't
need anymore bowlers bowl you can smell it you can see it you can smell it you
can cut it with a butter knife
university dodge knows that you don't want any more bowl in your life that's why they
offer you the noble dealer with noble prices i'm getting so comfortable here i
feel like just
taking off my shoe taking off my shoes and laying back that's right
university dodges a family owned and operated dealer they've been around for
ten years you can kind of then to provide you with the best service and the best
deals no bold dealer with noble prices means they won't steer you wrong
no bomb steers at university dodge you'll find it's easy to deal with the
people there because they want to treat you well so you come back again which is
the way smart business people do their thing so i had west university dodge on
university drive between griffin and sterling and davi check out their big beautiful
new one and a facility to with hundreds of new ninety seven dodges to choose from
like the fifteen hundred club cap pick up the great looking dodge neon or that
real expensive but pretty damn sharp dodge viper that's in there in a showroom too
at university dodge there's a no bowl either with no bowl prices so i had west for
the best prices and the best service to university dodge
home of a better way six ten w i o d and deep in the heart of some far off
jungle we've received worded some needed seem to be worshipping some kind of
unusual guy a voice from far far away has captivated these isolated people if
you listen closely you may just hear
uh
this is going to get drunk
world wide baby w w dot audio net dot com or w w w dot paxing dot com and worship with us
with six ten w i o d
six ten w i o d not just the snack time anymore i had one in my mouth one
welcome
yeah i'm the one who wants to save a win a stack of sedent
i want to hop inside my company call i got the tickets and taxa needs
that of my hand i'm sure to make it you will rainy old style
i'm told to save a baby i can do anything i want to do
and your consultant will love and i'm gonna make it stop you
i'm gonna grab show and pour me love i've got the
formula i've got the power to hold in control
work work
we'll have a way to get your own show at a station
out of how he would
i don't care if you're ready to load
as long as you can stroke me good
i'm on the same bar baby and you'll do anything i want you to
of your consultant woman
spread your legs and i desire you i'm gonna hold you
i'm gonna grab show and pour me love
that's why i'm a consultant because i'm just an asshole
bushleg is absolutely right that's what adam says bushleg all are crying
in a whining i mean let's stop with the excuses for crying all of the
the ass-looking is getting so heavy duty it's almost
x-rated it's an obscenity but hey it's just one of those things man we just
don't want to give you the real picture we want to give you a jaded twisted
picture because we're afraid that your emotional cripples and you can't deal
with the truth you can't 11.51 a w-w-w-w-d so anyway this is bring your
daughter to work day is that is that like a um
national thing yeah oh it is so people today brought their little girls to work
which Sabrina which is your daughter who's just a
wonderful human being and a lot smarter than most of us
uh i was gonna say most of you but that would have been most of us
but anyway she just uh drawn with jumea a nice thing
thanks Sabrina isn't that a nice thing would like multi-goblet flowers and
the stuff like that you're welcome i mean thank you whatever it is
so and other people are brought their little girls to work today which is
very nice and i had a great line about our consultant but i better not
use it right now here's a lady in Miami hello
yes sir how are you doing today great you know um you had a question yesterday
yeah you were uh something obviously well i'm just uh thinking about
want a lollipop little boy i'm just thinking about things i've heard yes go
ahead i'm sorry be careful be careful now yes um yesterday you were asking
something about why do people go to the game and don't
bother even while paying attention yes okay they go because they can
they can afford it yeah if the status symbol what is it
seen not to see oh god how boring how desperate no very
free because they can't they have the money to stay can afford it they have to
you know dress up in their half an hour they're little rat hats and all the
rest of that kind of stuff yeah they go to dolphin get i've been to dolphin
games where they haven't even looked at the field they've got binoculars on
looking at some broad somewhere right obviously is um doing something that they
think is provocative yeah or just looking around to see where people they
know are and then we're starting to wave frantically oh here i'm here and you're
there we're here you know that kind of thing and this is all a game is going on
they go to be seen right that's sad
it is so anyway that i have no life yeah um i don't know if you want to put me
on the list or not why not because i want one
that's okay oh okay this isn't one of those do how long ago was that um
and this is the x-non i want a couple of months ago
yeah and i don't know if you i put you on the list to how would it
ah your sweet time that doesn't mean we're gonna give it to you but we'll put you
on the list you're great human okay hang on god bless you hang on okay line one
put the older none i mean the x-non here's a lady in West Palm Beach hello
hey nail how are you great hey i felt sunny fox over the weekend on some wide
world of sports night hi this is sunny fox yeah he was it was like from 1966
67 interviewing the soapbox derby champion but that was not sunny fox i don't know
whether no you know thanks out no okay that's the sunny fox that used to be on a
quiescio i think oh yeah you're probably right right
hey you know it's not over yet yeah um people are all given up no i didn't
send given up i it's nothing to do with the fact that they're losing the
series and on the verge of extinction it has to do with the fact that i cannot i
can't stand the ambiance and it's whining and cry baby and belly aching and excuse making
you got to go out there and do it nobody else is going to do it for you you got to get over it
you got to go out there and you've got to execute you got to get the job done
and last year's team you never would have heard any of this bull crap but this year it's a whole
different it's just a whining thing yeah but you know what there's a lot of injuries this year too
we didn't have lost well every team in league has had to go through that some more than others but
um i don't think about it's a way of that this year now i think you're wrong well i think
there are plenty of teams that have had uh in fact calirato when they were they were they went
14 games on beat them and at that time they had sack it out and force berg out and reach
out and gooseirov out they had four their top players out and they still were winning every night
i know they're like you got you know you got to uh pull up your joxtrap a little tighter and
to go out there and get it done if you see the auto wall game last night they scored a goal that
wasn't allowed because yeah the replay official couldn't send or whatever right and even
rich janarette buffalo announce who said it looked like a goal to him well it was it was clearly
yeah it was no question about yeah even though buffalo is my second favorite so it was just as
anyway because they want to play it's just it's just was more exciting that way and over time
yeah hey could i get on the list sure no problem line 11 she wants she'd be on the list okay line
11 she'd be doing it we have an open line of day by the way for the first time i can't imagine
why we got open lines today i thought to myself boy this will kill a whole bunch of birds with one
big bullet just give away these tickets and the parking pass which by the way is for the exclusive
lot up there on the corner where you go in here and uh it's it's a beautiful spot here's a lady in
hollywood hello hi yes ma'am um did you catch a mario game last night i saw the i saw part while i
was taping the game and i saw the very end right after he had scored i did not get that on tape damn
when he scored the goal you know who was there at danie boy yeah i did i did see that
that's just trying to take them lessons on retirement yeah right exactly excellent point
yeah but um quick while you're still on top they said on the statistic last night that they always
run out which are ridiculous the reason that we lost last night is because Lindsay wasn't in the game
yeah they said we never win without them in line up yeah that's true but that's just another
lame excuse the fact is we won two games on the road since january it is now the end of april
and Lindsay was in line up for almost every one of those games until last night so uh i'm
missing something somewhere he is great though he's a he's a terrific player but uh you can't keep
making excuses right i know it's ridiculous we'll get it next year i hope can i get some tickets
can you get some tickets you can get on the list i can't promise you know tickets but i can put
on a list and maybe your name too okay hang on line five she wants some tickets dammit everybody
wants some free tickets i wish i had a whole bunch of free tickets i wish i had like eight zillion
free tickets but you know these playoff tickets they're pretty i go at the scalpers are pretty
depressed right now i bet you scalpers out there all you guys doing all that illegal crap are
really pissed off now because the scalping value after last night just dropped dramatically i
guarantee you that only fifty down yeah right likely story it went way down unfortunately for
those guys those slippers out there they're just trying to make a living they're just trying to
scrape together a few bucks okay and all you porkers out there downtown Miami if you don't have
something better to do with your time then busting people scalping tickets then you better get a life
okay get a life get a freaking life eleven fifty seven at w i o d if you want something free besides
tickets how about picking up the phone and calling the great folks at hide ron the technologies
they will be more than delighted they'll be ecstatic to send you their free catalog and a free
sample of their skin care products for men and women the best going anywhere on the market
and if you don't think you need skin care products no matter what you do no matter what where you
wash if you wash after or before or both they got stuff that's perfect for you for example if you
play sports menthol ice from hide ron is the perfect product you've been looking for also you
want to be using hide ron handle ocean because hide ron products moisturize your skin without
leaving it feeling greasy here's how hide ron products work as it dries on your skin it creates
an invisible shield that is water insoluble moisture holding a long lasting the shield lets your
skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out it's the old in and out right
there on your skin even hide ron cleanser won't take away of your skin's natural protection the way
so many other skin care products can do so start taking care of your skin right now with hide ron the
best stuff going anywhere and if you'd like to find out for yourself just how great it is if you
want to smear a little everywhere pick up the phone call toll free 1 800 for hide ron they'll
send you the free catalog and a free sample too 1 800 the number 4 h y d r o n
