610 WIOD, Neil Rogers, while your goofing off at work.
Meaning what? 610 WIOD.
Larry Justice!
We are from Avias Gate.
To join us, you must wear black.
Cut off your nuts and drink what cohes applesauce and some fio bar of the towel.
I like that.
We'll pick up your soul on our way through your galaxy.
So have your ass packed and be dead when they love his closest to Earth.
Thank you.
Cyberskicks in all black clothes and waiting for our UFO.
Where's my UFO?
Oh!
Here under the round of place,
Cause we belong in outer space.
Team in outer space.
Rollin' me, call it a game.
I got to go, I can't be late.
Layin' down in my car, wearin' night geese.
This is not the existence I wanted.
Someone's gonna find us.
Back's back to pocket change.
Our containers decomposed.
I sure could use some fio bar bit towel.
So don't get me some fio bar bit towel.
We fought good and some applesauce.
Shout it, it's totally insomath.
Oh! Sus!
The wears hail box!
When we join our nuts, gotcha,
And we waited for hail box.
We for hail box.
Just lick up.
See another head explain now we meet up with our space plate.
Ride on our space plate.
Just bring into curcule pain.
Hello out there, we're on the air.
It's hockey night tonight.
Hey got what, 6.33 to go to tie this up?
Get into series back where you have a chance to win.
Space off, fellas to foot.
Oh, the dead.
I had a stick on his feet.
And tie up his band, LeBou, trying to go and stop.
Electric slip, watch it for a second.
Smith's back.
But he got back back to shoot it in.
All right, we're behind the back producer.
All right, lifting one away.
Smith trying to get in there.
Here's me and all shot.
Good luck.
Start!
They tied it.
Foot further.
Four away, left.
In regulation time.
Four.
Four is trying to point their way back into the series down to
games to nothing.
Who's in the corner and tie one again for his step?
Can't take the tie.
They keep it in the heart.
Watch it for the hard drive.
Sooner sticks to cable, murder.
It's on a day's start.
Stard, stars.
Four out of 10.
Whoa!
And the little high-view game.
Right.
Hey, how about that stick last night?
How about it?
How about that game?
How about those Euler's, man?
If you would have told me before the NHL playoff started,
that Edmonton would be playing the most exciting games of all,
that you must not miss.
Of course, if you didn't have a big dish last night,
I guess you didn't see it.
Too bad you lose.
For this thing, sounds, you hear that?
Oh, because somebody has messed with this thing.
And they've yanked it around.
All our equipment, by the way, has fallen apart in here.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
You can't record on our mini-displairs, which is why you just
heard that thing from the cassette, which shouldn't have been on the
ear, but hey, we got to play it off the cassettes like in the old days,
like a hundred years ago.
Because the mini-discil work in here, don't work in production,
and the microphones are all screwed up and like that.
But hey, we don't care because we're having a good time.
How about those oilers?
Sure as hell beat watching a heat game last night.
Sure hope none of you wasted your time watching that.
That must have been really depressing.
Who is that?
Oh, here she is.
Hello.
Hello there.
Yes, ma'am.
And you probably didn't even watch that flash.
You're wrong about that.
I saw about 40 minutes out of the two hours.
That's not bad.
Not too bad.
Especially when you consider the commercial breaks on there last about seven minutes each.
Oh, wasn't that terrible?
How much could I have missed?
I kept flipping over there in the 10 o'clock hour,
just to watch a couple of minutes during breaks in the hockey game.
And every time I went over there, they were still in the same break.
So finally, between second and third period, I saw 20 minutes worth.
Well, then the last 15.
Did you see pads big, two shots?
Is big what?
Two shots.
Two shots.
Squirt, squirt.
I didn't see either one of them.
You did it.
No, didn't see that.
You looked okay.
You know something, I hate to break the news.
Well, maybe this is just my opinion.
You saw the whole thing.
Yeah.
But how can you bring back a show for two episodes?
I know it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
I mean, I think it's weird.
Wow.
You know, he looked good for about two and a half minutes.
Yeah, he did.
I remember I had shots that they caught him in the right light.
No, I don't mean last night.
I mean, like in his life.
He looked pretty bad in most of them.
In his life, he looked good for about 30 seconds, if you saw him,
just at the right time, on the right day, he looked really cute.
That's right.
But other than that, he's got a wicked case of the falling.
He's got that David Johnson syndrome.
His whole, uh, his whole, uh, his whole, uh, his whole, uh,
was a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
They are the little kid her kid is Gary's kid
Yes.
I draw well, he's old enough to be your great-grandfather
Yes, he is.
More power to you Gary.
I thought he was only Munkitt around with the horses on the ranch
Yes, well, she was there with those horse.
Of course, if you were married to Valvalin you'd be Munkitt around with the horses on the ranch too, I guess.
True, and she was丽
She looked okay.
She looked okay.
She looked the same joy.
You know, yesterday Haraldault of all things he had Kevin Dobson, Miche On Tracy, Michele Phillips,
and what's the one I play is Valveline.
Joan Van Arck, Joan Van Arck, very good Neil.
And Donna Mills, he had them all on.
They are really hyping this thing like crazy.
So maybe they are going to bring it back.
I hope they do, I hope they do.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah, I don't know.
Then you and I'd have something to talk about.
That's right every week once again.
Yeah, wouldn't that be sweet?
Yes, it would.
Because I've had these feelings, you know,
that I'm abandoned by just about all.
Oh, not by me.
Yeah, you can try to make me feel good.
But you're not fooling me.
We are having lunch from Wayne Arnold today, by the way.
I really?
George, you don't know that yet, but I just decided.
Yeah, because I've been commissioned to take a very big listener survey today.
Oh, really?
I have a very heavy cross to bear today.
Uh-oh.
I think it's got Paxton's name on the top of it, but I've been commissioned to take a listener survey
and a lot of the new stuff we got on here and find out just if they're on the right track or not.
Oh, don't ask me.
Yeah, oh, really?
Do you want to be the first one?
No.
Okay.
I know you're too sweet.
You're too nice.
Wow.
That's what they all always said.
You're too nice.
So I guess Friday night, see, I got another dilemma now.
Oh, both.
Because first of all, I got a tanning class, and of course I can always tape it, but I can't.
I can't tape off my big dish and have the hockey game on too.
It's one or the other.
You want me to tape it?
You want me to tape it?
Oh, that would be nice.
Okay.
That would be great.
I could do that.
And you could leave it in my front door.
I sure could.
Without knocking on the door.
But you know me, I take an absent for a young hour.
That's right.
I wouldn't want to wait for that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
I think that's the only way to get that.
Oh boy, what are you going to do about them?
But Edmonton, like I said, a real shocker man.
They played a hell of a game.
They've been playing great in the series.
They're young.
They're hung.
They're unsung heroes.
They don't have a lot of big names.
Jason Arnet, Curtis Joseph in the nets.
But other net that's a lot of journey men out there.
A lot of young promising stars for the future.
Including Doug Wait.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said that.
We'll get Brian Murray upset.
Don't get back on that jagged again.
So anyway, we've got another video to give away today.
You don't want this.
Do you?
I think you're a little girl wouldn't watch this crap.
Would she?
Is that what I think it is?
Space jam.
No, thank you.
Oh, okay.
Space jam with Michael Jordan and Bugs Bunny.
What a quenella that is, man.
Kines Moss Macho and who has more money?
Bugs Bunny or Michael Jordan?
Pretty close, I would think.
Bugs is loaded.
I wasn't talking about John Amber.
Not that kind of loaded.
So anyway, we got that for somebody.
It's got a punky little kid out there that would like this.
And it's still in the plastic wrap and still got that very valuable.
I'm sure Michael Jackson Space Jam coin inside,
which I guess I could have sneaked out of there.
Because I know it's going to be real valuable.
Not someday.
It's going to be worth a ton of cash.
622, WI-O-D and D.
Let's hear about those, uh, those heavens gate people.
Come on.
What I do with that little clipping.
I had my homework done for there.
Should we just jump right into the survey?
I've been commissioned to do a mighty important survey here today.
In fact, the future of this radio station,
what's left of it may hinge on this survey today.
May it just might.
622 WI-O-D and D.
Nobody wants Space Jam, huh?
7679463 and Broward.
1,884, 74, WI-O-D, any out of townlines.
Nobody's got the big dish.
Nobody went to Rosy Paymon's last night.
So nobody saw the Edmonton Colorado game,
which was way a hell of a game.
How'd you like that Patrick Frog, by the way?
There was a play in that game.
Patrick Waw, the first Edmonton goal,
which I'm not complaining because I'm rooting for Edmonton.
But the first Edmonton goal was exactly like the Mellon Bee incident
with the the ranges and the Panthers.
Where Ryan Smith knocked the defender,
the Colorado defender, right into Patrick Waw,
shoved him out of position,
and on the play Edmonton scored a goal,
which should not have been allowed, by the way.
And even though the hockey news says,
well, the Mellon Bee thing was one of the worst calls in the history of hockey.
I still don't agree.
And even if I did, we still blew that game.
But hey, that'll make you feel better if you want to cry about it.
But that first Edmonton goal last night was exactly the same kind of a play,
where he shoves the defensive right into a Patrick Waw.
And I said, all right, let's do it again.
Shouldn't have been allowed, but that's okay,
because there's so inconsistent anyway.
Let's go upstairs again.
Now let's review everything.
Let's make the game last five hours, Fox people like that.
10-15 at WIOD.
We got a big survey coming up today, man.
It's going to make here grow on places you can't even believe.
It's going to make mountains of here grow.
He won't even wait today.
He's so worked up.
Like I was going to say,
I can't do it.
10-15 at WIOD.
So, if you're tired, and by the way, we got some great news,
George and I yesterday, I can't tell you what it is.
And I'm certainly not telling these people what it is.
But we got some really good news yesterday.
Wow, I'm on a, if I sound like really enthused, got some great news.
Are you tired of staring and looking and peeking at those annoying
dings and dents on your car?
You think there's nothing you can do about them without spending a ton of money
or doing permanent damage to your paint job?
The answer is the one and only dent wizard.
The dent wizard guarantees to get rid of the dings and dents on your car.
And they do it without messing with the paint job on your vehicle.
The dent wizard has a revolutionary process of paintless,
ding and dent removal.
It'll cost you less than takes only about an hour.
Reddle car agencies and leasing companies even used the dent wizard all the time
to keep their cars looking brand new and why not do the same yourself.
And now they even offer minor scratch and paint repair.
The dent wizard provides service all through South Florida
from I mean for Lauderdale to their newest location in West Palm.
And they're easy to find out.
Let just off I, 95 in Danyah, between Griffin and Sterling Roads.
Call them at 1-800-705-Dent for location nearest by you.
1-800-705-D-E-N-T
6-10-W-I-O-D
She'll never see the light of day.
What happens in your bedroom is your own private business.
But if you're going to start looking at movies and you're sick,
I mean, this is bottom line, you're a sicko.
I, you know, like I said, I don't like it, but I don't...
I'm a born again Christian and I don't want to force my religion upon you.
Yes, please.
You know, that's the way I see it.
I tend to trust people who watch pornography before I trust born again Christians.
Karen Kay, Wignauts, 6-10-W-I-O-D
6-10-W-I-O-D
The countdown continues.
Countdown.
Oh!
4-3-2-
Oh!
6-10-W-I-O-D
8-10-W-I-O-D
Oh!
10-19-W-I-O-D
George is insisting that all these callers we have, and they're just calling us Schnorfer,
the free, uh, silly, uh, space jam video.
I don't believe that for a second.
So anyway, we'll get as soon as we take care of that.
We'll get into this survey now.
This is very important stuff, no fooling matter.
And you and I are going to lose out.
In fact, those of us in the building who almost unanimously except for Rick Riley think that this new news guy,
we got in the afternoon William Robert Millhouse, Nixon the Third, that this guy is kind of a word winning journalist.
Yes, a war-winning journalist, right?
Broadcast.
We're in the minority because remember we took the thingy weeks ago and it was like 50-50.
And now he's just, uh, he's more popular than Jesus, Moses, Muhammad, and Michael Jackson put together.
How do you like that?
I insist those were just a bunch of oceanic people.
No way. You're wrong, they audience.
This audience, these needleheads, man, they love him.
But as far as the other categories, that remains to be seen.
And I think we're going to come out on a short end of the stick on that one.
Too bad we don't have John M on this survey, but he hasn't been here long enough to really hate.
Here's the sunrise. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great. Hey, I don't know if you heard about Howard going off on you today.
Howard Stern?
No, I did not.
Yeah, he's been about 20 minutes, uh, pretty much ragging on you.
About what?
He said, uh, you're rip off.
I guess this Melrose guy called you the other day.
Yeah. He called him this morning.
And they ended up.
Yeah, let me, let me say this to you.
Okay. Okay.
The thing that I found, first of all, when that guy called it was so obviously a setup deal to begin with
when I started finding out what he does.
New years.
But the, the interest that the thing that I find pathetic is that here's a guy who just finished with a major motion picture,
which granted was only big for one week and then faded.
But, but never let's have money by the way.
It lost a lot of money, but had a millions of dollars worth of publicity.
They ran spots in the Super Bowl for that movie to promote it.
He's had more promotion than God.
He had a gigantic spike in the ratings in this market and every other one because of all that promotion.
And he feels compelled to talk about me, which let me ask you how many of his listeners and all those markets he's on all across the country.
How many of them even know who the hell I am?
Great question. Yeah.
But, you know, then he goes on that you, he goes, oh, it's that Fag in Florida that uses this celebrity to get little boys in bed with him.
Oh, really? That sounds actionable to me.
You're laughing, but I'm serious.
Yeah. It was, it was real sad and real disappointing.
Yeah.
But that's how it, how it's got a big don't you understand?
I think it has to do with all the stories about that contract and all the alleged numbers in there, how much I'm making.
There are some people who are so petty and so jealous.
If they're making a hundred million a year, they're jealous of anybody else who's making ten thousand a year.
Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah.
And so how are, that's always been Howard Stick.
He'll never tell you anything good about anybody else on the year anywhere, whether it's IMS or anyone.
He's the only person who needs to be on the year and that's the one thing and Howard's, the one big chink in his armor that's always bothered me is that his ego is bigger than his nose.
Yeah. Yeah.
And let me ask you one other thing. I'm not to change the subject too much.
But a while back, you played a tape on about Ron and Ron, the original Ron's talking together.
Yeah.
And it was basically they're going away or thinking about each other.
Yeah. You still have that or to play it again.
Well, we got time. It's pretty ponderous now, but I got it.
All right.
I'll work on it. All right.
Thanks for the good news. Thank you.
Okay. Oh my God. Talk about desperate.
It must be really boring.
And in the last couple of days, we haven't set the world on fire.
But to be talking about me to millions potentially of people who haven't got any ID who I am, that's really productive.
Well, thanks for the publicity, by the way, how we have an open line at day 622, one and Broward 767.
Here's Davy. Hello. Davy.
Yes. Yes, sir.
Yes, I am. Good morning. When is DS?
Hey, listen, I got a question for you.
Yeah. Not just trying to give you this format and the structure and whole thing, and I would be...
They're not trying to give me anything. They're not going to mess with this show.
So you suppose Steve came might be coming back to take your place?
That's the popular rumor.
Oh, really?
Yeah. We're just peeing in our pants about it.
Oh.
Yeah. Okay.
He's pitching heavy duty for this gig.
Yeah. I was thinking he would want to be back at a radio station again.
Yeah. Right.
And he works with the peanuts, right?
Uh-huh.
Kind of mum on that.
Okay. Well, what do you mean by that?
Well, you're not really saying that.
He's doing okay. He makes a few bucks. He's doing all right for being on to make believe radio station.
Okay.
All right. Also, I'm great. I'm really happy you're going to other station because now I never have to change it out.
Good for you. Thank you so much.
Also, I want to be here.
Well, that's going to mean everybody else is going to vanish, but you got it.
Okay. Great.
Hold on. That'll get rid of all the paint line 5.
That'll get rid of the paint in the S-free loaders.
I think you're wrong, George. These people are on their free loading for that stupid tape.
They are? Well, we'll find out.
Here's the lady in North Miami Beach. Hello.
I was holding for that tape.
I knew you were.
You didn't hang up, though.
When I heard him, I could have hung up.
I just want to tell you one thing.
Yeah.
Well, you said it.
You said.
Hi. My husband.
Hi. My ex-husband used to listen to this station about 13 years ago.
And I used to think he was off the wall.
He was like, she's like, I analyzed you.
I want you to know that I just started listening to you about two weeks ago.
And I want you to know that I think you're phenomenal.
I know.
Thank you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Okay.
Sorry, we don't have 100 copies of the tape.
No problem.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Bye. Bye.
Okay. We have two open lines in date now.
All of a sudden, 622-9463-622-W-I-O-D.
Maybe Howard's got me confused with the fruity gourmet.
So at any rate, our survey today is going to be like basically a thumbs up and thumbs down.
And Bob Lasseter would be really, really proud of he heard about us doing this.
But it's something that I've been commissioned to do.
And I mean, you know, you got to do your duty to do your thing.
And it might be kind of interesting, too.
To see if maybe it's just us.
Maybe we're bitter because we're on a way out, George, although certainly very voluntarily and very happily.
But maybe we're bitter and we have a jaundiced view of all the really good stuff that's going on in this joint.
Is that possible?
There you go.
So it's like thumbs up or thumbs down.
Or of course, maybe you don't have an opinion because maybe you haven't heard some of the elements in this survey.
There's like one, two, three, four, five categories listed on here.
Ron and Ron is the first one.
William Milford, the new house, Nixon Schwartz, the third.
The new news guy is the second one.
The Brook Daniels show is the third one.
Karen Kay, the unmancipatable one is number four, the consultant's girlfriend.
And the new jingles and rejoins, the great John Ford productions, the old moldy stuff.
That's number five.
So there's five very easy categories there.
And I'm sure we're going to get a phenomenal response from this audience who like to stick their nose in the station's business.
And calling up and telling me what you think doesn't count.
Yeah, calling up and telling George is not going to get the job done.
If you want to participate in this very important survey, which may help determine the future of the station if it has one, you better talk to me, okay, or else.
I don't want to start playing Butch Boss, but that's the end of it. You were right.
Most of the people on those lines were there because of the tape.
We got like two, four, five open lines now because they were there to free load for some silly stupid cartoon tape with the bugs,
Bunny and Michael Jordan for their little pin in the ass kid.
Isn't that sad?
And just here when I thought after two desperate days when they really cared about me, isn't that pathetic?
Two open lines in Broward, seven, six, seven, nine, four, six, three, 1026 at WIOD.
Let's tell you about Pompidot Park.
Let's see what's the date today, Neil? Well, I'm glad you asked. It's the eighth.
That means we got tons and tons of simulcash to action for today at Pompidot Park.
Noon today, we got Daniel Highlight, one o'clock we got freehold raceway with harness racing and Jackie Lee.
Tonight, Daniel Highlight, 715 for the nighttime racing, Meadowlands at 730, Hazel Park at 730 with Kevin Wallace and all those goyms.
The Meadows with the great Dave Pellone at 730, Sayoto Downs from Columbus, Ohio at 730, and Who's Your Park from Indiana or eight o'clock?
So you got all kinds of good stuff going on. You got your poker room opening at 530, and don't forget now that the summer meet is going on again.
The International Buffet is back on the fourth floor of the clubhouse, 1495 for all you care to shove down your gut, including Chef Ira's fabulous dessert.
So even though the fall meeting is over, the summer meet is on. We got simulcasting. We got live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Something great going on all the time at Pompidot Harnas, Powerline and Atlantic in Pompidot B.
Sixtham WIOD. The topic today. Why don't we get phone calls?
Wait right there. Oh, hold that door. Sixtham WIOD.
Hey, it's how it how it's spam. So we just had a spy report that the same guy who just called me about two minutes ago to give us the song
and a dance about Howard and that spy report called Howard and with a whole song and a dance, but just reversed ripping me.
So twisting it all around and whatever it was that he said, another Ojoan provocateur. How do you like that?
Nice going. Thank you so much and go back to New York. Okay. Okay. Let's start our survey here. We got our we got more important fish to fry here than
worrying about Howard. He's doing okay. Even though the movie lost millions of dollars. He's doing all right. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hello Uncle Nouth. Yes, sir. I am here to participate fully in the first one of the day.
This could be the turning point. You can set the trend. IOD listener. Okay. Thumbs up or thumbs down. Ron and Ron down. Okay.
And of course you can make any comments that you like to briefly. They're terminal and they we can do better than that.
The news guy William the new news guy. I like him. Okay. Tony George. Brook Daniels. I like her. Karen Kay down and shouldn't be on the air is just
wasting everybody's time including her own and how about the consultants and how I don't know. I don't know how she looks.
She might not be wasting her time. She's not too good either. And how about the jingles and the rejoins? Bad down. I like what you had before. Okay. Thank you, sir. And wait. I wanted to say a few things.
We'll right ahead. Take your time. Well, I I just time's up. You're still there. Yeah. Okay. I just want to say that we'll all follow you when you go down there.
And I've never seen a radio station get decimated like this. But it's the way it goes. Okay. And anyway Jerry. She's a goddess. Okay. Whatever you say. I believe you.
See you. Okay. There he goes. Okay. And I want to make very sure because I know that when we get through with this like at noon or one or however long we do this or in five minutes that people say, well,
or just because we always get this even from that idiot to Ian or whatever hell is name is that puts you know with no life who is in morning and we got a real sour attitude now since Kelvin walked out on.
But the same crap like my opinions about the hockey game. Well, they all call in just to say to agree with you just to suck up. And of course there is some truth to that.
We don't want that. We want your honest to God cross your heart. Hope to croak and burn it. Perk it to Ray or wherever the hell they're supposed to be burning for a long time.
If you don't tell us the truth, that's it. We can handle it. What the hell do we care? And you notice I'm not on there and Rick and Sudson out on there because obviously we're the only components of the station left from before the big sale from before.
This is this is strictly a Paxon research thing. This is strictly to a determined the let's see October. It's like seven months now.
And to find out just with the audience we got left of course two open lines and the Palm Beach and out of town lines on a survey. That's pretty damn insulting to us.
Not one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight four seven four W I O D. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir.
That that survey is easy thumbs up on the news guy and thumbs down everybody else. They did on that list. Yeah, but you know what you're going to do that thumbs down on everybody.
Everybody except for that news guy. No, not on you and Rick and Sudson. We're not on the survey. Everybody loves me and Rick and Sudson. But I called about hockey. Yes.
Coach is corner last night. Yeah, the 10 overtime goals that would have been called back. That's stupid rule. That was pretty good. Yeah, that was good. Now what about you know I'm a big dish owner and I was watching a little bit about that ESPN 2.
I was wondering what you think about that bottom line crap. You mean that the bottom of the screen when they when they squash the screen. So it looks like you're watching. I hated.
Yeah, is there any way we can get get rid of that or that something that's going to be there. That's going to be there forever that that's see there's this big pissing contest going on between ESPN and Fox and headline news.
Yeah, to try to see who gets the scores on their de fastest. What I can't believe is that we're getting more we're getting more graphics on the other than the game. You know, you have to score exactly.
And then of course you get some they got some paid sponsor in the upper corner and they got the score scrolling in the bottom of the screen and they got the game squeezed down about an inch and a half.
It's like letter box sports. You know, I mean who the hell wants it. I hate it. I want to tell you the CBC has it over everybody.
And by the way, I talked to John Shannon yesterday. My good friend at the CBC who if I live long enough is sending me my bill. He would tapes, but I told him I'm not holding my breath. And he said don't worry with the big dish on the CBC.
It probably be 10 years before they digitalize. I think all of all of a disappointed Panther fans ought to jump on the Edmonton bandwagon right now. I love a man. They're great. They're an exciting team to watch.
She must request. Yes, sir. Fred Q's a calling a goal for the Bruins guy. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 7679 463 767. We're going to find Fred Q'sic with this mess that we got here.
We used to have tons and tons and then of course that one disc. How are we ever going to recover from that? I guess that's just lost stuff. How George?
At this number 13, we spoke to the and of course we can't even do anything with the mini disc now because it's all to Brooklyn. And our engineers are running around worrying when Wayne Arles come over the free food.
I'll find Fred Q'sic here somewhere. If it's the last thing I do and it might just be I'll find a Fred Q'sic goal. A great Fred Q'sic. One of the all time greats retired after this last season.
Bruins able to keep it in. Shot by Heinz is wide. Philinsky out front trying to put it on that. Now it's taken behind shot score. Steve Heinz beats Goslin for a two to one.
Bruins. Please. Okay. Now one of the greatest calls but it'll have to do for the moment. I'll find some more. We have an open line on the out of town line. We're doing our survey. Now.
So what did I tell you about the new news guy? They love him, George. They love William Milford award winning, et cetera. They love him.
Here's a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. I take the survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. No.
Okay. He said no. William Robert Milford, Milhouse Nixon, Joan Schwartz III. No. Don't like him. Brook Daniels. Okay. Okay. Karen Kay. No. And double. No.
Double. No. All can only put down one. Well, I might put not and the new jingles and rejoins. No. Do you hate them? I hate them. Do you hate them like poison?
I don't want to put words in anybody's mouth. You despised them to the point of wanting to blow somebody's brains out. It's like slamming your knee in the door. Okay. Thank you so much.
Yes. Yes. Godfather. Part two. The part when the senator is in Michael office. My offer is this senator. Nothing. No before them when he said when the senator said that he knew about him trying to take over one of the casino hotel. Right.
Right. Why did Michael look at Tom the way he did when he said that? Well, you're really nitpicking now. I mean, George even George has got a furrowed brow at this point.
Because he looked at him as if how did he how did the senator know about this and is your fault or something like that? Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Well, I have to be watched at part. Yeah, that's that. I'm going to spend my whole weekend rewatching that part and analyzing it for you. Yeah. But also senator.
Senator. Senator went up too good in the end. Oh, did he? No, he did. Yeah. But also the other night on my wife came home and she told me about the Karen Kay. The thing that you talked about yesterday at the beginning of your show. Yeah. And she was going off about how stupid that was for how the lady doesn't like anybody who's a pin in difference with her.
She like just cut them off and tell them that they're wrong or whatever. And it was just so funny that how the next day you come on there talking about the same thing. There you go. So what do you think about that guy with that $9,000 engagement ring? It's just a joke. Have a great day, pal. All right. See you. I read it. Ergty.
My client demands an apology senator. I didn't know no Godfather.
I'm not a man.
Frankie pentangely, man. One of the hidden stars only through this showed you realize what a great character in the Godfather Frankie pentangely was. Nobody else who talks Godfather probably hardly ever mentions Frankie pentangely.
Frankie five angels. Great. He could probably play for the angels. That's how bad they are. But we do like those new uniforms. That's what Mark Hoffman said this morning. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to participate in a survey.
OK, Ron and Ron. Nope. News guy William, the turd. The worst. Really? Yeah.
Looks can't stand them. Brook Daniels. All right. She's good. Karen Kay. The new. The new jingles and rejoins.
Hit him worse than William Robert douchebag. That's saying a lot. And also before I go. Yes. Lisa Luperi God. Now, OK. All right. Here's the guy that knows which side is up. Thank you.
And John M says thank you to what did John M say? He always says that we have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six.
We get him some scope, by the way. If she's got to sit that close to him, get him some scope. Some scope and something that rhymes with it like soap.
And he's all right. He's just, you know, sure he is. He's tight with a PD, though. He's tight with this Harry penis guy. And that's so what it's all about.
If you're tight with a PD, wherever you go. And by the way, the people over the other outfit down the dial, the one that I'm going to, it would be nice.
If you return some of the people's calls once in a while, you know what I'm saying? They have this fetish with not returning anybody's phone calls.
It's like a little game that they played on there, which they seem like very nice people. They seem, but you know, return some of these people's calls once in a while.
The price is right. It's free. Last time I checked, even if you tell him blow it out your ass, at least return somebody's phone call and stop being such enigmas and so like that seems to be their whole thing. They'll enjoy that.
Being like out of contact. Of course, I shouldn't be upset. They don't return my phone calls either. So why, you know, at least they're consistent. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello.
Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. You had mentioned this about you could only pick up the Edminton Oilers game on the big dish. How come you can't pick it up on the small dish?
Because I, you know, ordered the playoff games and it wasn't on last night.
I know. Well, evidently Colorado, their playoff games have all been, I believe. They're all unlike over the over the year channels. In other words, not cable channels.
And so the small dish doesn't have any contract with whoever that might be. In fact, they might even be on pay. I don't know how that's working.
But they're definitely not on sports channel. Arizona or Colorado, whatever the whole thing is. And so the small dish direct TV can't get it.
So it doesn't have the contract. In other words, the NHL doesn't. I don't know contract out to have a satellite feed to all across the country.
So Colorado can black out their signal to different parts of the country, even though I've paid to see all the playoff games.
Well, what do you mean black it out? They're not blacking anything out. It's just on the local TV there. It's not wasn't on their cable thing.
Oh, that's right. Two. Yeah. But what I don't understand is I know that during the Edminton Dallas series, the same thing was true with Dallas. They showed several other games on the local channel instead of sports channel.
Right. And so what they did was they put the CBC telecast on two different times on a small dish. And people loved it. It was great. And I have no idea why they didn't do that last night.
I haven't seen a CBC broadcast, but by the way, you talk about it. I'd like to see it. Then you'd see a real game. You would have seen Don Cherry and the coach's corner thing last night.
And he would have peed in your pants. He's great. Did you see that saved by Patrick Ruay when there was a penalty being called on Colorado?
And the Colorado guy was deep in the attacking zone and he cleared the puck and the penalty was being called. And Patrick Ruay was going to the bench, but the.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. The net was the net was empty. He was going to the bench and he had almost put it in their own net and he came diving back.
And he just got it. He was like somebody sliding in a third base. He went sliding across the crease and just got to stick on it and knocked it away.
How embarrassing that would have been. It was pretty interesting. Twice in that game. It happened with both teams Edmonton almost put it in their own net on a delayed penalty.
And the avalanche almost did the same thing on that one. Right. Exactly. Hey, how come management's not on that survey?
They should be have a great day. See you. Can't complain about our management. What's what's that business that Wayne is in? Waste management.
By the way, nice going. Wayne. We got republic up to 28 and a quarter now. A hundred people are too happy with them. They're suing.
They don't want to buy up all their Honda dealerships. They're pissed off. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight, 4749 463.
You know what I say about investing in the stock market. It's like going to the track without the entertainment.
It make no mistake about that. I mean, if you want to invest in the market, if you want your mutual funds, if you want your stocks, if you want to dittle around, if you want to gamble, that's what it is.
It's called gambling. It's pseudo intellectual gambling for the people minded like me. I wish I had time to sit around and just play the market all day.
Just get on the internet. Oh, by the way, John Shannon told me yesterday very interestingly within five years.
Now he may be full of crap and usually he has based on within five years. Don't even worry about big, this small dish.
He said everything will be on the internet. You'll be watching your TV and you'll be able to get whatever you want through the internet.
It'll all be right there. Great quality picture. And I'm wondering to myself, well, that sounds great. But what about this D H TV thing?
That's coming out. I guess they have to accommodate that. Well, what do you mean by that? HD TV. What did I call it? D H?
What? HD, D H. Come on. HD TV. I'm sure they're spending by the way of fortune. The government is spending a fortune to subsidize the television stations so they can change overall their equipment.
So by the year 2006, I think it is that everybody's got HD TV, which means you'll I heard Rick talking about this. You'll have to throw your TV sets out and go out and buy a new TV set.
But 2006, nine years away. I mean, who cares? You know, who cares right now? So anyway, we got all kinds of great new technologies that's going to cost us a lot of money, but boy, it's you're going to be great.
That's that's what I care. I would like to be able to watch whatever I want to watch. If I want to watch Rick Generette doing the above flow game last night, instead of watching ESPN with a Dave Strader, who I can't stand. I hate like boys. I want to see Rick Generette, even though it was a boring game.
I mean, the first period I was going to watch because the other game didn't start to late 30. I want to see Rick Generette.
La la la la la la. Generette. Whatever the hell his name is. That's what I want to see. And you can't do it. Oh, it's blacked out in your area because, yeah, because everything is a monopoly.
Now, if I want to pay for it, if I'm willing to pay extra to see it, I still can't see it. Trust me when I tell you that's going away. The win because there's untold billions of dollars sitting in there. And they just have to finger out a way to do it so they can get their slice of the pie. Everybody gets a piece.
What I've always said if everybody gets a piece, everybody's happy. So how about that O's John Provocate to rassle from New York that's looking to start a big son. Oh, it was only with somebody from inside the company. Uh-huh.
We just traced the call. It came from the conference room where they're having another corporate meeting and they're also listening to the survey we're doing. So give it to him. Good.
1045 at W. I. O. D. Hey, Marlins fans. They lost last night by the way. Three to two in tennings. What a heartbreaker. What a shame.
Sunshine Network's fifth season of Marlins coverage continues tonight. The defending National League champion Atlanta Braves are in town featuring Chipper Jones. Kenny Lofton and a staff of Sai Young winners.
And they got a course. What's his name? They don't look too bad either. What the hell is his name? Orion Clesco. Thank you, Neil. Jim Lee.
Lens Marlins are loaded this season with Bobby Bonilla Gary Sheffield Moishi Allew and Jeff Konheim. The road to the pentacles through Atlanta and the Marlins have their sights set on the division leading Braves.
Keep his straight face. Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month. So in May if you're looking for Marlins. Look to Sunshine.
The same place you'll find the Atlantic division champion Miami Heat who had a rough night last night. Ed Pope says they choked the National Champion Florida Gators and the Florida State Seminole's watched the Marlins and the Braves tonight on Sunshine Network starting at seven o'clock and see why Sunshine be the leader in Florida sports coverage.
610 W. I. O. D. The 50 50 Hicks of today's hits. My grandfather was a professional firefighter. He's constantly say if your house is on fire, I want you jumping out to wind on him.
Like I live on the third floor here. I mean he had me as a point. I couldn't even light a match at times like his six grand. And yesterday's favorites. There are a lot of talk stations that are successful without Neil Rogers. We've had to be one of those stations. The best variety in South Florida.
610 W. I. O. D. 610 W. I. O. D. Countdown continues. Countdown. 5 4 3 2 610 W. I. O. D. I recall when Web J's son came to see my husband Carl Fisher and told him that radio was the coming thing in America.
And that it seemed a likely thing to have for Miami Beach. Of course, Mr. Fisher was always looking for something to publicize his Miami Beach. And so he took to the idea.
And he said, all right, I'll build you an island and you can put a radio station there. And he said, let's see, I'll name the island for John Levi. We'll call it John's Island.
And he said, what do you want to call your radio station? And Web said, well, I don't know what I've always thought that Miami Beach was a wonderful aisle of dreams. And my husband said, that's the name W. I. O. D.
Then it was the station was moved over to Miami. And I remember that it was the year of the big blow by 1926.
The big blow. And the wonderful, beautiful tower was blown off by the hurricane. But W. I. O. D. has been one of the landmarks of this entire area.
And here we are 71 years later and it's blowing bigger than ever. 1051, a W. I. O. D. Mrs. Carl Jane Fisher. There brings a tear to our fly. I'll tell you that right now.
So here's a facts from when in Miami, who says, he says, I can't wait till you get to that other station. I don't want to say Q. M. Even with a GE super radio, it's almost impossible to get your station without a high pitched wine.
Too much whining going on on this. I told you there's a lot of whining going on. I didn't believe me. Did you they're all whining over here? He says WQ M comes in like an FM. And now for the poll. And of course he goes on and just rips the crap out everybody.
Godfather tree or remastered. By the way, I love the I love the Rambo Jerbal by the way, which goes in after the ones you can't get out. Godfather tree or remastered in four boxed sets.
The Godfather trilogy of film. A blah blah blah has been remastered and is being offered for home video collectors to mark the 25th anniversary of the first movie. Paramount home video is releasing the three movies separately 24 for 95.
8 also in four separate boxed sets. The number one, the three films in wide screen version nine hours and one minute 64 95 number to the three films in wide screen version and a 25th anniversary book, the Godfather legacy, which I have.
With 288 pages of text is a 79 95 and a limited edition of 5000 that includes all of the above any certificate autographed by director Francis Ford Coppola and a number gold plaque on a back and gold case display 149 95 for those with a lot of money.
And number four, a commemorative edition that includes the entire Corleone saga with additional scenes edited chronologically by Coppola into a nine hour 43 minute movie.
The set includes a bonus video of behind the scenes footage the Godfather family look inside and a booklet of commentary by Coppola 149 95 as a bonus bonus.
Each of the three films contains retrospective interviews exclusive to this release. All right.
Here's a dear field beach. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great.
I was just calling you participate in your illustrious survey. Okay. Number one, Ron and Ron week very week. A shell of what they were. I would give them a thumbs down.
News guy William Milford Robert Schwartz, the turd William terminal. The third. He ought to just stick to the news and leave the entertainment to the real entertainers.
So where are we sticking? Where we stick in the thumb? We're sticking it down. Okay, wait down. Brook Daniels. Brook Daniels. Oh, barely tolerable. I'll give it.
I guess I'll give her a thumbs up since she's tolerable. Okay. Kind of a week thumb.
Karen Kay. Here we go. Forget it. And the great new W.I.D. Jingles and rejoins the snappy old production.
Give rid of them. Okay. Thank you so much. I have a great life. Okay. Here we go.
Continues not looking too good except for William Milford Robert the turd who's hanging right in there. He's holding his own man real, real tight.
He might just surprised how out of you, George, you cryptic cynical little spick you. He might show you a thing or two.
I don't want to see it myself, but I'm sitting here looking at a reekate by the way and.
Now did somebody. What what just happened there? Oh my God. It looks like he's got elephant Titus. That thing is growing.
Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I like to participate in that survey. Okay. This is a more fun than beating yourself with the baseball batting it. Ron and Ron.
They were they're down with a new guy. They're running haystacks. Okay. I didn't know that, but I'm interesting to know.
How about William the news guy? He was the horrible first. Please get him better. Thumbs up. Yeah.
Tony, George. They're getting you. It's starting to grow on him. I told you just a minute ago. It's starting to grow. Brook Daniels. No. Down.
Karen Kay. Way down. And the Jingles and rejoins. Even lower. Okay. Mocha's grass. You have a great life. Okay.
Come on. I don't want people and I know everybody's going to be saying all a management people, all a programming experts, all of mavens, all of consultants.
Oh, they're just saying this because Neil. I have, you know, I have no interest in the outcome of this one way or the other because I'm not going to be here anyway.
We're just trying to find out because this I've been commissioned to do a study here. Because maybe they're going to get serious about it.
I have very serious doubts about that because have the equipment I'm working. But maybe they're going to get serious one of these days or maybe the new owners when they sell it might want to get serious and decide if they want to come out.
I keep anybody because the new owner is probably going to be really smart. We have an open line in day 62 and we have one on the out of town line.
One triple eight, 4749463. And of course, if you're listening on the audio net, don't call us because you don't know what's going on here anyway. Mind your own business. But out.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello.
Lady in Coral Springs. Yes, ma'am. I would like to purchase a near survey. Please. Yes, ma'am. It's America and why not step right up to the plate.
All right. Ron and Ron. Um, sometimes.
Well, let's give them a thumbs up because they don't they don't have any yet. So that's okay.
The new news guy William Jennings Brian III.
Uh, thumbs down. He scares me. He scares you. Yeah. As a matter of fact, it's funny. You should say that because Peter Boulders said they don't want him coming in the building here because he's a very scary guy.
Almost as scary as Luca Bratzie. He sounds it. Okay. Brooke Daniels. I like her. Okay. Karen Kay. She scares me too. She winds quite a bit. She what? She's a whiner. She winds. Okay. And the Jim. All the guys that sent us the facts about the whining. Maybe that's what he was talking about.
And the jingles and the rejoins. Very, very bad. I thought they were jokes. Okay, ma'am. Thank you so much. All right. God bless you. Bye. Bye.
We have an open line at Broward 767. It's the Paxton corporate survey as we give you an opportunity. Those of you hard working. Those of you who've been.
Bust in your balls and your brains and your boobs for years. Just trying to get a little bit of entertainment, a little bit of enjoyment, a little bit of. Whatever it is you're looking for. Okay.
Through this radio stations through this thing that's emanating at 610 on your AM God damn radio dial. We want to give you a little bit of input.
And then of course they'll probably totally disregard it. But hey, I'm going to report it. I'm going to pass it along. I'm going to pass it wherever I can.
By the way, George, you notice how we seem to have a change on his log 1057. Maybe that's a good omen. Maybe it's almost as good as the news we got yesterday, which I can't reveal. But God, it was very promising and very good.
Thank you so much. Whoever called me and told me about it 1057 at W I O D 610 double the I O D. He'll Rogers while you're goofing off. It worked. Okay. God bless you my son. 610 W I O D. Grab my junior honey.
Show some nip. Right. Let's show it.
Right. They just been scaring women with guys with small penis. Right. Yeah, like Harvey Kitelle. He wants to see that. Put it away. Put it in your pants.
Baby, let me imagine it's much better. Here's Connie. Yes, Connie.
Now the hell is out. No, Connie. Okay. Connie. Hello. No Connie, Robin. All right.
And Brian, go ahead real quick because I'm running out of time here. All right, Howard. This guy at Melrose, Larry Green, was on a radio show down here in your
radio. Rogers. He was really bad mouth and you saying that you're so pompous and I miss his better than you. You're overrated since the movie came out. You got a big head. And this guy,
Neor Rogers always used to say that Melrose, you want a radio show down in Florida, bad maddening me. You stood the
punch. No, tell the guy to play the tape. I don't have a cute up though. I have the tape. I could call it on. All right. Why don't you go
queue it up? Go queue it up. I want to hear what he said. Did you say that this guy, Neor Rogers, was the next
hour's turn or something that had affect Melrose? No, no. What exactly did you tell me? I did not bad.
How did you do that? You saying guilt? No, I know. We got a tape of it. I'm going to tell you something, Melrose. If I hear anything bad about me,
I'm going to ban you from the show. Wait a minute. How would you believe somebody that says something? Yes. Yeah, we believe somebody that says something.
How it? How it? I did not bad mouth you one, Neor Rogers. We're going to find out. No. In fact, why do you think Neor Rogers has you on whoever
Neor Rogers is? I don't know who I was. Why do you think he would have you on the radio? The guy sits and listen to the show all day.
I don't have you on then. In fact, the guy is nothing like you. Yeah, okay. We know all about it. Where's that down in Miami? Is that my clone down in Miami?
Absolutely. Right, Gary. What are you doing on a competitor's station in the first place? What? Yes. What day up my show, Melrose? Who made you famous?
Howard Stern. Why do you think somebody wants you on? How I got to be an all right Melrose Larry dot com.
Why did you get after this? Let's see how many hits you get after I ban you from the show. Okay, it's 1106 at W.O.D. Port Melrose Larry, a public whatever the hell his name is.
He's out. And I know I listed around listening to that Howard show. In fact, I'm going to sit around listening to what right now. I'm going home right now.
Howard, I hate to break the news to you bit on this market. What three years now three and a half years. I've heard the show three times like a few brief minutes in between those 20 minute commercial breaks.
Here's a lady, but that's great. I love it. You notice how these. Huh? Here's clone. I'm his clone. Yeah.
Send in the clones. You know how they nurture those chronics. They nurture their like feed like stray cats. Yeah, keep coming back. Right. Like build a course sick offense. Right.
The opposite of what we do. But at least at least what's stuttering John at least he's funny anyway. Well, he's not a chronic. He's like, you know, an employee. Okay, whatever you say. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I need. I love you. Well, of course. You're survey please. Okay, Ron and Ron. I just grace on the air.
William Robert Milford the turd. Not bad. Okay, here. What did I tell you, George?
George loses. We got a five million dollar bet. Brook Daniels. Come see. Come saw. Well, give me an up or down. I don't want to. Okay. I'll give you an up. Okay. Karen. Kay. Let's not get stupid now. Okay. And the jingles and rejoins.
A disgrace. Okay. Thank you so much. And I'll follow you to QAM and made the Lord bless you sweetheart. I have a great day. Bye. Bye. That's what Lerra. The Melrose Larry, whatever. I don't even know who that guy is. Why did?
And I love the way Howard does this. Why did we have a money? Or like we invited him to call? I don't know who the guy is. I still don't know who the guy is. Well, he told us like three, four, four, four, four.
Some of homeless deadbeat guy that like you said that they, you know, use a slip around. And I, we had him on there. We invited him, of course. We invite all the chronic. It's me again. Right. That's another one. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neal. How you doing? Great. Do you ever watch time, Phil? No.
Oh, you never don't watch it. No. I was funny the other night. There reminded me of you. George was trying to get fired from the Yankees. Yeah, he was dragging around the World Series trophy and parking lot and everything. Cause he wanted to get out of his contract with the, with the Yankees. So it kind of reminded me of you. Well, that sounds good. Let's drag it around to the parking lot. It was funny. Anyway, have a good day. You don't want to do our survey?
I go ahead. I mean, I don't want to push you into this. Okay, up, up or down, Ron and Ron. Okay, William Robert, Millhouse, Nixon, Schwartz, Jones Ford, Edward, Milstein, the third. He's not bad. He's entertaining. Brook Daniels.
Rarely less than to wear, but what I have sucks. I'll care and K never heard. Okay. And the Jingle and rejoins the new W. I. D. production.
Two old. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a great life. Okay. Our food is here. Thank you, David for schlepping. You went all the way down there. Right? What a guy. Well, all the way down there to Wayne Arlen. Of course, most of our people would drive a long way to get free food. Thank you so much, sweetheart. Boy, do we miss Lisa Lou Perry on a news all morning? I shouldn't have said that. Huh? She's great. But of course, then again, she's not a comedian.
See, if you just had a better sense of humor, sweetheart, you might still be doing the news, but I doubt it because you're not an old drinking buddy of our PD. I mean, a diet coke drinking buddy.
Now, what does this say? A bleeding hemorrhoid is more informative and entertaining than the alleged newscaster. I guess it's one of those deals either like him or hate him, huh?
George is very upset about that. We're not going to start twilting and twisting this survey just to please you when you're up at a little attitude. Okay. I totally they like him.
They deserve William Robert but plug Schwartz Goldstein, Hindler, the turd. It says as for Mary Kay, her desperate attempt to push those hot button topics to grab the listeners is a kind of a drowning victims mad flailing to drag everyone down with her.
As for the Jingles is your program director, Harry penis in a time warp. The answer to that question being good luck to us. Sign Jim. Okay. Here's somebody. I guess if you want to fax us if you can't get to the phone because the lines are smoking.
If you like to faxes your response, which will probably elicit a lot of a faxes from people inside using phony names like the news guy. You can do that. Our fax number of course being 305 690 6440 305 690 6440. Let's see. This one is from Robert and Robert says I'm going to put it down on the survey. What?
Hell not Robert says Ron and Ron big thumbs down for their they're not doing well. They're not doing well George. You're good buddies up at the other rate of the building that we don't see anymore. I saw time.
He cramered this morning for a second or two a little bit too long. William Henry Harrison for the turd to thumbs up. How do you like that?
Brook Daniels. That's neutral. I just won't put nothing now. Karen K thumbs down. She's not doing well at all at bitch and the jingles and et cetera. So on two handfuls of thumbs down. Okay.
Thank you so much Robert in wherever you are. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's my lunch from Wayne Arnold. I'm going to do my addkins today. I've been sticking out and I'm doing great. I'm lost a few pounds and the life is looking great.
Especially after we heard what we did yesterday George. Too bad we can't. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I'd like to participate your survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. Ron and I don't like them. Okay. In other words a big thumbs down. I miss a
resistance. I'm in the same. Even though he's not alive anymore. He's still doing okay. Yeah. How about William Jones shorts a goldstein the turd. I like him. Okay. How about George. He's not going to make it through this. He may have to have an intensive therapy before we're done. Brook Daniels. I like to first play the link. We're shows gotten very constricted.
I guess it would be a loopworm thumbs up. Oh wait a minute. Okay. Better put it back in. Okay. Okay. Okay. Put a little thumb. Yeah. Karen Kay. No show. No personality. I don't know why she's on the radio. I don't know why she's on and the jingles and rejoins. Sir. All right. Thank you so much. Okay. See an old fart like those jingles. We have an open line on the out of town line. One triple eight four seven four. Our massive listener survey here today. The future of W.
I. O. D. In fact probably what's your name that misses Jane Fisher whom you heard only moments ago. She's probably going to be coming back from the dead. She's probably going to be making an appearance on the side of a gigantic Barnett bank building before she's done. She's going to be so excited about your response here today. W. I. D. It's been on year for 5,000 years. Can they save it? Can they resurrect it? Can they bring it back dead or alive? Here's Coral Gable. So hello. I need off. Yes, sir. I like to participate. Please. Yes, sir. Ron and Ron.
Down. Okay. William Milford. The new house. Both thumbs way down. Okay. He's still in the lead by the way, George. Seven to five. Brook Daniels. Thumbs down. Okay. Karen Kay. Everything down. She's got it down. And the jingles and rejoins. They have that sharp bell near the end of the. Exactly. Right. Hertz like hell. Major thumbs down. And I have a shameless request. Yes, sir. The long version of David Halverstam going.
I'm going to have a pletix. Okay. And thanks for listening to 610 W. I. D. And have a great day. Oh, he did it. Oh, my baby. He did it. He did it. Oh, I never heard anybody get so excited when their baby did it. Anyway, it's 11 13 at W. I. D. on a really amazing Wednesday. What what the hell day? A Thursday? I'm who cares? They're all the same now. They're all the same.
Now to us. We're just here trying to eke out a modest living. It's 11 14 at W. I. D. Charles Alphier is going to eke out something on your hand. In fact, you might even say eke. Oh, no, that's only Karen. That says eke. I don't know. Is there anybody like really alive who says eke except in cartoons? I guess she's the one. Anyway, you'll be saying eke when you look at the mirror with that ballspot getting larger and larger, unless you do something about it. And if you want to do something that makes sense, pick up the phone and call the Charles Alphiery studio. They've been doing it for showbiz. People are got zillions of dollars for over 25 years. As a matter of
fact, Kevin Dobson is in the from not slanting. He's one of them and lots of others too, guys who basically have no hair. But you think they got some hair because Charles Alphiery has made them look like they got stuff grown right out of their scalp. And he can do the same for you. He can make that natural hairline look even more natural and make it look like it's all your real hair. So forget about holes in the head. Forget about those ugly plugs. Those disgusting things where the blood is gushing out of your head. Forget about those mousey looking wigs. Who now wants to look like Jerry? Which in the right way? Do it the right way with Charles Alphiery and
pick up the phone and call him right now toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or in Broward 9-287-1555 9-287-1555. The Charles Alphiery studios you'll find about 43-90 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial. You got nothing to lose but that ballspot. Six-Hamm W-Y-O-B. Here's a promoted trick you into listing direct insights. What's doing with the dogs? I don't understand that. What do you mean? You've got a rent dog.
You want to look to fight? Fight? Yeah. Wherever you want a leg and arm. You're the perfect candidate for a good dog biting.
Oh, scratch yourself you dumb animal. Yeah, love animals. Little salt, pepper, habanero sauce, a-ha.
The Rick and Suts, afternoons, 6-10-W-Y-O-D. Wonderful I-L-E-D-M-S.
6-10-W-I-O-D.
I turned my radio on the other day and got Uncle Neil Program whatever it was. It was the filthiest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around it's horrifying I'm surprised. It's a producer you let that be one the air.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the- from the health there. I wish it rectified that and do something about it.
No need to be taking God's name in vain and- and if it's pacifying women it's- well I wouldn't even need to mention that. Thank you very much.
Alright, it's 11-18-A-W-I-D. Our equipment's on strike again this morning and Harry penis was in there to see for himself first hand.
What it's like when you press the button and nothing happens but hey we just plowed right along. That's amazing. Maybe it is really going on strike.
You think George? But anyway here he's having a nice free lunch and he's pretty excited about it.
We have an open on any out of town line one triple eight for what what is with this thing.
I just think I should try it again or not should I let's take a vote the thing is spinning it's spinning around. It's cute up.
It's a little slow.
I got a girlfriend named Carmen. She only likes to eat one thing. She don't mess around with no hash browns.
Forget her or any other thing. Carmen just likes to eat sausage. Sausage makes a world go round.
She'll open up wide slight a deep down inside and you can't help but watch go down.
So pass the sausage. It's the Carmen. Carmen likes it. Steamin hot. If you pass that sausage the Carmen well she might even say you got a lot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen well I'll bet every penny in the pot that to see you.
So believe in with one gigantic he'll swallow all the sausage you got.
And I stand in the kitchen with Carmen late one Friday night.
She told me that she had a craving for Kilbassi and nothing else would sue the appetite.
We looked a while and he icebox but there was nothing we could find until Carmen looked into my pajamas and I guess you could say she might.
So pass the sausage. Carmen. Carmen likes it. Steamin hot. If you pass that sausage. Carmen well she might even say you got a lot.
Not if you pass that sausage. Carmen. Well I'll bet every penny in the pot that to see you.
So believe in with one gigantic he'll swallow all the sausage you got. You'll swallow all the sausage.
You got. I had one in my mouth once. Okay 1120 at W I O D. Oh God is right. It's great Thursday. The lunch is great. Thank you Wayne Arm.
Thank you Marie. Thank all our good pizons down there and that treacherous part of town. Okay. Let's go to Tamarack. Hello.
Good morning Neil. Buenos dias. I will take your survey sir. You'll take it and like it. Okay. Here's the run and run.
I actually think they're better with this new person. So it's a thumbs up. Yes sir. Well thank God. Here's William Robert Milford Nixon Schwartz Columbus the third.
He's the worst. Okay. Bring back Jennifer. Bring back old Jennifer for a good Rem job. Here's Brooke Daniels.
Yeah okay. Well what does that mean? That's kind of a week thumbs up. Yeah the week thumbs up. Okay I'm going to put it down because she's alright.
Karen Kay. No. Okay and the new Jingles and rejoins. The new old Jingles and rejoins all the snappy W I D production. You know I like the rejoins. I don't want. Yeah I like the rejoins. Yeah.
The Jingles that say the hour and stuff. I don't like that at all. Okay so it sounds like a big thumbs down to me. Thank you so much. Yes. Can I get a shameless plug? Sure whatever you like.
Okay our glorious Panthers are playing the Bovertone Police Department in a basketball tonight at a Bovertone High School. Really? Yes sir. You mean the real Panthers?
The real NHL Bluripanthers. Well maybe they finally found something they can handle. Just a joke guys. Call the Bovertone Police Department. Yeah.
5 6 1 3 3 8 1 3 3 5. Excellent. Alright there. Have a great day. Bye bye. We have an open line in Broward if you want to participate in history in the making here. 7679 463 767 W.
Even Harry penis Valentine likes Wayne Arles. I'll tell you that. So second time in fact it's the only two times he's ever come in here. I think since he's been here and both times when the food was here.
He'll fit in like a glove. Nice going Harry. He'll fit in here. Perfect free food. Well yeah let me come in here and grab some didn't grab enough though.
Don't take him a bunch more. Okay I'll we'll do something to it first. Here's here's Miami. Hello. Yes I am.
Yes I am. I take your survey. You okay? Are you on like a real phone? Yes. Okay. Don't get a snotty about it. Ron and Ron you like him. He hate him. No. You don't like him. No. William the news guy. Oh god yeah.
Oh god you like him. Yes. All right. Tonya George. He doesn't say just yes. He said oh god. Yes. Oh god that's good right. Yes. Brook Daniels. Okay. Okay. Karen Kay. Please make it stop.
And the jingles and rejoins. I like them. Okay. Oh and one thing. Yes. I want to thank you very much for my and the gay glazed shirt. You got it huh? Yes. Are you wearing it proudly? Every night.
All right. Okay. Thank you so much. Bye bye. How do you like that? She's wearing her in reeky iglesias piece. We have an open line indeed. In fact in reekies we're in a big piece over there right over next to the wall. And we've got a big stir and look on his post like a beat this. Okay. Open line in the out of town line. One triple eight 47474 9463 one triple eight 474 W I O D. So how about having that tape of that Howard business on there. See it was an O'shaan provocateur from down here.
That twisted the whole thing but he was right about that slime ball Larry. Whatever that guy's name is Mel Rosa Schwartz about that guy because remember the call actually what he did call here he was sucking around. Oh yeah you saw really great. You ought to be on right after a blah blah. And of course I don't like that. So you know and of course he would be like Gilbert going to another market and calling up Bob Lasseter in tap and said oh Bob. Ha ha you really great. Yeah. Of course Gilbert would do that. Gilbert would do with anybody to put him on here. And I don't know why would Gilbert be invited on that show?
Anyway. I mean are we inviting these people for who we don't even know to call us. Next thing will be getting the call from what's his name from from a stuttering. He figures that we screen our calls the same way that he does as an only. But you know when I was on Zeta one time we used to call Tanner and we used to call Joey on when he was on she we called the sunny. And even the Greg Budeau who at the time liked it and then later on got pissed off and blamed us for getting a point to share. But everybody would talk to us on here on all the competing shows and we called Howard one morning and they got very very
up to him. Snottie is producing like boy Gary like well we don't need to you know we don't need to talk to you because you're just trying to siphon off from our fame and blah blah. What the how were they talking about. We were kicking ass. We had to market by the balls. All we're trying to do is have like a little fun there. Little verbal intercourse. Well you're trying to use it. Yeah blow it out your ass somehow we survived without it. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Yeah originally called to give you an accurate spy report on what happened this morning. But obviously you have the
tape. How do you like that? I think it's pathetic. I think if you listen to the next couple minutes you'll you'll figure out that one towered you know he kept denying that he even knew who you were and then he said oh yeah yeah I know that guy and yeah earlier he was talking about all the ratings. I think once he realized what yours were he he went on to slam and someone in Chicago and he got off you pretty quick. Oh really. Yeah. But yeah he did go he did say that you were enticing little boys in and that whole thing isn't that sweet. Pathetic not in a little boys. I got I'm
a first time. I got turned on you by my father actually about 10 years. You got turned on by your father huh. Yeah well it happens. I didn't get it then but I've been a devoted listener for about the last five years. How old were you. I was 17 senior night school. And you didn't get it. Well I got it. I just didn't like it. I figured radios were from music back then. Oh come on. But most of those guys that age are getting it. Not to show necessarily. I think I went to school with Dresner. Are you serious. I just had lunch with Alan a couple weeks ago. Great guy.
Still looks pretty good. Yeah he was always a clown and he grew up a little bit. Okay here's here's our survey sir. Are you ready. Can you handle this. Sure. Handle the pressure. Here's Ron and Ron. I was really into him back before Diaz's wife got sick and they were on the other station and they had flipper and fast daddy and I think they had a lot better chemistry then. I just the show doesn't turn me on now. I think they need a dry humor dead guy like Diaz on there to play on the bar. He's so embarrassed and he's true. Yeah.
So you say thumbs thumbs down. Yeah. Come on. Give him a thumbs up. Give him a thumbs up. All right. Give him a little. I said for all time say can't do it. Okay. Here's a William Mosh Merrill III. The news guy news to me is if you can't have if you can't have the girl that used to be on there. Forget it. You mean Jennifer Jennifer Rem was the best. Oh my god. Come on. Come on. I'll break Daniel's. Brooke Daniels is good. I like her. Kirin K. Wow. You want to talk.
Talk about a flaming bloody and gorge. Hemerite. Glad you like her and the the jingles and rejoins. All this great John Ford business. That is just about as good. Okay. Okay. Thanks very much. Give Alan a big kiss for me. I will. No tongue. Okay. We have an open line. Open line of Broward 767. Hey, Jews like tongue. Okay. It's kosher. How can tongue be kosher? Oh. Every tongue. No. Me either. But like it all deli. He's like our friend.
Friends at Wolfies. I mean, if you like a good tongue, they'll give you some seriously every great deli. In fact, even you go. You got to admit this. You go to Italy. They're big into tongue and the deli is too. So how about a little tongue action there just for all time say,
can we do it or not? Can we get it up 1127 at W. I. D. Here's something we know you can get up some good water coming out of your tap and very easily. All you have to do is make one easy call to aqua within at one triple eight water 21. They'll send an expert to your house who knows water inside and out. Not some jackass. Not some moron with a flip
chart is going to give you a big song of dance and double talk and then pedal you some moronic little filter that needs to be changed every five minutes. We're talking about the very best water filtration system in the universe. Just like the one I got under the sink in my house. In fact, you look at it. And you can see this is not some toy. Okay. It is real heavy duty stuff and it makes the water coming out of your tap. Pure. I mean 100% completely pure no chlorine, no bacteria, no sediment, no crap. Just great tasting pure water. You can fill up those jugs and the ones that you put in the refrigerator to and just
to have an endless supply of great fresh cooled drinking water all the time and for cooking to of course. So instead of squandering all your hard and money on expensive bottle water. This is the smart way to go. Aquathin for 17 years. They've been around doing it right. So you know these aren't Johnny come lately. Either pick up the phone and call them today and don't forget for a limited time. You get a free filtration system in your bathroom with any aquathin system you buy. That's a $200 value. So call John over there for details right now. This is the official water purification company for the dolphins. The Marlins. The Panthers.
For Neil Rogers and for anybody else with a brain call one triple eight water 21 today one eight eight eight water 21. Six 10 W I O D. Wonderful. I love do do I pooped my pants six 10 W I O D. Look congratulations. Get a life.
38 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 10 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 12 9 9 9 9 9 5 11 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 11 9 9 9 down 8 9 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 9 19 15 20 15 18 22 30 26 24 16 34 15 commands 5 not pol fun the
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the make me on your chest and bold,
Bruce, you tight dress,
and bending those two-hour old friends.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the make me on your chest and bold,
and bends the deck and dulls,
sex, bad, nice red two hells.
When a building starts too low
with your leadership and leader,
your refreshing front with sportsmaking more!
Oh!
1133 at W.I.O.D., I'll tell you this Wayne Arles has gone over bigger than Halleva in
Tel Aviv today.
It's great.
Thank you so much.
Even Harry Penis came back for more and the food too.
Anyway, so I'm factoring in some of these faxes too, so if the numbers don't jive, those of you who are busy bodies keep in track at home trying to make sure that I'm giving you the right numbers, I'm not going to waste my time going through all the faxes since I got a pile over here in faxes too.
We got piles.
Leave me.
So let's see, give you an interim update so far.
In case you're joining us in midstream, we're doing a very important scientific research here that I've been commissioned to do to find out the new W.I.O.D., we're not, you know, I mean for you to do on your own show and ask you like me, I'm at self aggrandizing anyway in addition to which we don't want no negative votes.
And the same with Rick and Suds, they're like them and yours truly where the only things left from the old array jeem so it don't count.
We're talking about all these great new things, the new packs and things like Ron and Ron so far three thumbs up and 13 thumbs down as in starting slow, but they're building.
William, it's tied.
I better take another facts here.
Okay, let's take the next facts and untie that Ron and Ron thumbs down William Robert thumbs up.
He's ahead nine to eight just to piss off George with the mouthful of food.
Brooke Daniels a small thumb up. We'll take any thumb Karen.
Kate thumbs thumbs down same boring topic the entire show and the Jingle thumbs down.
Let's see Karen. K so far she's got oh thumbs up none and 15 down.
Brooke is doing well. She's got 12 up and four down and the Jingle is two up and 15 down.
Okay.
All right, it's 1135 at W I O D.
At least we got the audience involved in the radio station again. We know that this is much too inside and it's much too you know I'm saying it's too in like everything else I do.
But at least we're getting them involved again in this place even though they've learned to hate it.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil. Yes, I am. Good morning. Are you calling to participate in our scientific survey?
Yes, and I'm and then you made me hungry. I'm going to have to go over the broad cause way right to Wayne.
Excellent. Good choice. Oh man. There you go and give him a big kiss for us.
Okay, so easy target. Okay. So your picture is still there.
I know that old fat picture makes me feel better. Okay, Ron and Ron sir thumbs up or thumbs down.
Oh, heavy down. William Turd Milford.
Better all the time. Okay.
George is spinning around like that guy and at the stupid Eric Bagotian movie.
Brooke Daniels.
Big one up. Karen Kay.
What are underground? Okay, are you first and jingles and rejoins the new WIOD production.
The same thing. Okay, have a great have a great meal.
You too. See you. Okay, there's the guy we got him on a way to Wayne right now.
Okay, because there ain't nothing is good. Man, oh man. It's like that sausage lady that we had that bid before.
These white hots. Oh man.
We in fact, I have to I have to sit here and think really twice. You know, I'm sitting here looking at that big cardboard cut out of Enrique.
And I got this white hot here right on my plate in front of me and I have to really think very, very long and hard.
About which one is perfectly. It is so hard. Yeah, kind of looks that way.
Here is Fort Pierce. Hello. Okay. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I want to participate in Fort Pierce.
Yes. A great place to be from. I have to drive around old during the day just to catch your signal.
Well, good for you. How about the other station? I don't want to mention which one. Is that coming? No. No. No?
I really haven't tried it. Well, give it a shot. But I've missed you. I moved here about six months ago when I missed you.
Yeah. Okay. I'm moving up there pretty soon. Yeah, right. Okay. Ron and Ron, thumbs up or thumbs down, sir.
Those degenerates thumbs down. Okay. We nothing worse than degenerates. Right. William Robert Schwartz III.
He redeemed himself 100% when he reported that the police had to apprehend the pervert before he went blind. Yeah.
Thumbs up. Okay. Okay. Just had a little sausage in my mouth. Brooked annuals.
Yeah. Two Jewish. Okay. Thumbs down. I broke for a little bit to how about the left? You like Brooks laugh?
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Moving along. Karen Kaye. The worst.
And the jingles and rejoins. The old the old the moldy 50s music jingles. Terrible. Give them the X. Okay. Good luck, pal. Thank you.
Have a great life. A call all the way from Fort Pierce. This guy. This guy called. How do you like that? Because he cares enough to try to save W-I-O-D.
I think we ought to be really honored and impressed by the fact that there were so many people. See, this is what it's all about.
I hate to break the news to people like Walter Sable, all these experts, all these people think they see this anorlando.
This ain't Tampa not Orlando. It's not clear water. It's not Jacksonville. It's not Jacksonville, Florida or Sarath Carolina. It's not Memphis.
It's not even because semi. This is Miami. We make the audience. This is a part of their lives. It's so boring here.
And believe me when I tell you that we make this a very important part of their lives. That's what it's all about.
So you can think it's really inside. You can think it's a whatever you want to think. But believe me, this is the bread and butter.
This is the meat and potatoes. I think I'm choking on that right now. Or is it just a bacon? Oh boy, these are good. Man, oh man.
Yeah, I started gagging on a white hut just a second ago in the middle of that call before we try apologize profusely.
Although I noticed a cardboard cutout started smiling. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, now how you doing? Great. I like to participate in your survey.
Okay, sir. Ron and Ron. Love him. All right. William of Robert Schwartz III. He's okay. Okay. Brook Daniels. I like it. Karen Kay. He's a sick bitch.
And the jingles and and rejoins. Um, throw them away. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you, Neil. Okay. Thank you so much for your very selective choice of terminology there.
So there's a guy who basically likes everything except Karen and the jingles. Well, that's not bad. That's a good start. I think if we just loosen Karen up a little bit, center down to Wayne Arnold's.
I had one in my mouth once. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I'd like to pontificate. Yes, sir. Let's roam down, Neil.
I know. I just I just I don't know why I did that. I apologize for doing that to you. I just got a Ron and Ron. Fuck. Okay. William the turd. Okay.
King William the turd. They like this guy. Let's see. That's 10 to he's pulling away. George. It's 10. It's 13 to 8. I didn't do that. Georgia. Don't be puchkin. Are you better watch yourself? Brook Daniels. Okay.
Okay. That's 15 to 5. Brook is safely ahead. She'd be doing it. I'll care and K. Triple suck. And she does have selection or mouth by the way.
This she and the jingles well evidently it worked and the jingles and rejoins. Okay. Thank you for your educated opinion and have a great day.
And God bless you. We have an open line in Broward 767 W. I. D. The lines are smoking today. And I think some of the people inside the building may be smoking and my guts are starting to twist from as great food from this great lunch. Let's see from Cliff and real.
Cliff and something. I think I'll kind of a name is in Ron and Ron. All right. It says it says there. All right. Thank you. So I'm putting that down. All the news guy likes a lot.
George. Okay. That's it. We're taking George's weeny away. Brook Daniels dead topics. Nice laugh. I don't. Yeah. What is it? I guess they're no longer Karen killer. The jingles kill them. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's another facts. Ron and Ron. It says no way. It says in big letters. No.
Billy Bob mouthful. The turd. It says no. Okay. There you go. George. There's one. Karen K. It's got a big thumbs down as in no. No. Okay. What about Brook? Did I do Brook? You don't have Brook? Oh, here it is. No, they don't like her either. And the jingles and rejoins. It's got a humongous gigantic. No. Thank you so much. Who's that from? It don't have a name. But listen, we'll take it. We'll take it. Here's Joe at gagliott.
We will put that on that guy. Thanks, patty, and instrument labs in hi Alia. How did Coni like that? When is this Joe Jose? Ron and Ron thums down the news turd guy thums up. Brook Daniels down. I wonder why Rick Riley was sucking around with him so much yesterday. He must have taken his own survey. I have never heard such shameless suction. I told Rimmer on the phone yesterday, even he has never sucked anything so hard as Rick Riley sucked William Schwarzen's Jones turds. The
a turd yesterday at three o'clock.
What was supposed to be like a two minute newscast turned into a ten minute newscast because
Rick insisted on reading the story about how William Milford the turd saved somebody's
life with the home whatever that was with Home Depot was that what it was with the kidney
or the kidney thing.
And just just herniating the suction.
I'm embarrassed for Rick Riley, okay?
In other words, it's one thing to come out and say good job and I realize he's praying
and hoping that he might continue being around here after next February, but I wouldn't
count on it.
But I mean, for him to get on there and tell William Milford the turd enjoy your penis.
I mean, I thought that was going a little bit too far.
Brook Daniels thumbs down on this one and Jingles and Karen Kay also a big, big fat on
this one.
Okay, thank you so much, Joe Jose.
This is fun.
This is more fun than we've had last two days.
I'll tell you that.
And the phones are smoking.
We're having a good meal.
Harry Venus is walking around, having a great time, eating some free food.
Trying to get the lay of the land here and figure out what this place is all about.
1143 at WIOD, Marlins fans, sun shines that works.
Fifth season of Marlins coverage continues tonight.
The defending nationally champion Atlanta Braves are in town defending a featuring.
Whatever they got.
They got Chipper Jones who went that good, by the way.
Kenny Lofton and they got Ryan Klesco who looks a lot better than Chipper and a staff
of Sai Young winners too.
In fact, even Tommy Glavin still looks pretty good for an old guy.
Jim Leelands, Marlins are loaded this season.
They got Bobby Bonilla, nice play last night, Bobby.
They got Gary Sheffield, Moishi Allou, Jeff Konine.
The road to the pentat goes to Atlanta and the Marlins have their sights set on the division
leading Braves.
They can almost still see him.
Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month.
So in May, if you're looking for Marlins, look to Sunshine Network.
The same place you'll find the Atlantic Division champion Miami Heat.
Well, they had a tough time.
Ed Pope says they choked.
Let's choke Ed Pope, okay?
Let's choke the Pope.
The national champion Florida Gators and the FSU Seminals watch the Marlins and the Braves
do it tonight on Sunshine Network starting at 7 o'clock and see why Sunshine be the leader
in Florida Sports coverage.
610 WIOD, the 50-50 mix of today's hits.
I honestly do not look at a guy's crotch until I don't.
It is not what I'm looking at.
You could put a zucchini in your pants and I wouldn't notice.
And yesterday's favorites.
I got my three by five cards.
I got my list of 600 hot button topics today and we're going to make it work whether
Walter Sableaux likes it or not.
How do you like that?
The best variety in South Florida.
610 WIOD.
Wonderful Isle of dementia.
610 WIOD.
I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
up now before it's too late sweetheart.
Oh God! I'm telling you that bacon is good for a clean out everything in your lungs. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello? Hello? Hello? Yes, sir? I like to participate in the survey. OK, Ron and Ron, sir. Thumbs up, or Thumbs down?
Yes, and I'm in Maine. Thumbs down.
William the Third News Guy. Different good and joined listening. Oh, there.
George, quit the crap. George is putting all this crap in there. Brook Daniels.
Hey, there's a laugh. Super sillier small thumb down.
A small thumb. Right. OK.
And the Kirin K. Should seek new career. Thumbs down.
And the Jingles and the WID rejoins the great John Ford productions.
Two dated thumbs down. Thank you, sir. Thank you. God bless you.
OK, we have an open line in the out of town line. Let's see so far. Here's an update just before the top of the hour.
Ron and Ron seven up five, 10, 15, 20, 27 down.
They got a long road to hood just like the Buffalo Sabers man. They're not done yet, but close to it.
William Robert Milford the Third is coming up in a matter of moments by the way of better crank your radios up.
Five, 10, 15, 23, yay and only 12 May way ahead.
George, oh, man. Brook Daniels 17, yay and 16, eight.
She was way ahead earlier and all of a sudden she needs your help. I don't want to like tilt this one way or the other, but she could use a little helping hand right now.
She was way in the lead. She was a million miles ahead of the crowd. All of a sudden just once she thought she was.
Karen, K, still even after two hours of this fall, the role has like the China. Oh, really?
She got the O spot. She don't have one positive vote yet. None zero. Zipini Duda and she's got five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.
They don't know who that is. 5, 10, 15, 20, 20, 30. Nays and no, Yees.
And the Jingles and the rejoins, they're four people out there who were the tin ear, who say they're great and 5, 10, 15, 20, 28 who say they suck, they blow.
They're like from from Adelitziewetski's urine, which means in Chinese from 5 million years ago.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Buenos dias. Okay. Ron and Ron show. What is it? I would like to participate in your service. Okay, but I just finished asking all the questions.
Here we go. Ron and Ron. No, I rather listen to Amor until 10 o'clock when when you were star radio Amor.
Radio Amor. Much, much of Luis Miguel. Not only Luis Miguel. He's kind of like, you know, I'm from the boy. What? Homey boy. Homey, a homo boy.
So you definitely know like Enrique. Enrique is better than Luis. Can I smudge my chair?
Yes, singer. Can't Enrique is a better singer than Luis? Yeah. Right. That's just added a lot of credibility to your call.
Okay. William Milford, Tured the news guy. Oh, he's great. Oh. All right. George George is making noises. Good. The guy's good. I think he's great. Yeah.
Brook Daniel thumbs up or thumbs down. Only when she's laughing. Yeah, you go there. So I'm going to put down a yes. Okay. If she can make you laugh, if she can make you chuck a little bit. Yeah, yeah. I like it. I like it.
Swimming. Yeah. You know, to beach like at the bottom of the ocean. Right. Yeah. And the jingles and the rejoins. No, no, no, wait down. How about they go work out? Okay. Okay, my friends. I'll read the air.
Cheek. I'll stick. Hey, you're me. Okay. We have an open line a day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3. So we got the real Emma's here. The doctor.
The racquans cheesecake, the real good stuff, which is very low in carbs, very, very, very. So should I mention on the year that our friend Kobe from the heavily cheesecake formerly places the one that's been commissioned to make these.
Because he makes sure that they're all like right up to specs. No, they're not selling it specs, but they're like all right up to specification, specific, Cassiones.
And that they don't have too many carbs. And he really knows the stuff. How do you like that? What did I tell you? See, we don't turn you on anybody at Sony, a phony cheesecake that I got 5,000 grams of carbs in them. Okay.
When you're supposed to be like on the Atkins diet and losing. And now you got the official, which is coming up in the spot anyway, just a second. But it happens to be very, very good. And if I'm going to come on here and plug something like Enrique being real good, I think I probably better tasted first.
1157 that W I O D 16 W I O D Neil Rogers while you're goofing off it work. Yeah, 610 W I O D. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, it does say Jesus here Jesus went. Jesus.
Watch it about Jesus. What did a day job? You know Jesus Christ was a carpenter. He never saw very many paintings of him building in. He is usually sitting around talking with the disciples. So I figure he worked for the city there.
I don't get any. You know, I'm talking about Bob. I've my first homosexual experience last night. Two lesbians beat the hell out of me.
Out of the carburetion party.
Neil Rogers.
I had a chick named Dave. One day she flew away. Oi.
Tijuana. Where the moon is. But with our right wing censorship, there are words that must have slipped to truly tell you how I feel.
That's the one.
Is you see K and you want to see you with Tijuana too?
Now if you see K tell her I'm a Surrey state and the SEC won't let me sing this song. I don't see.
Now if you see K take your hand gently say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, is you see K and you want to then I'll see you with Tijuana. Go.
I want to go. But got to see with Tijuana.
Club of five at W. I. Here's one that says I bet you even Truman Cappoti never a sucked his heart. What?
Hey, how are you? Uh, whoever you are? Who is it? Jack Mark. Well, that was Jack Mark that mentioned out there. That was Jack. What is he coming back here to what? Maybe he likes to come on the air and talk about what a phone he is.
He don't look like the guy that maybe it was Bob Rose. Maybe that isn't the guy who's the same guy. One of them is Jack.
The little short shoe. They're running another tour through here. No, but seriously I'd like to have him come in here on the air instead of inviting me to come up to his orifice, which I'm not holding a court with him.
And tell us why it was he extended the offer to me to use this parking spot. And then the one thing that I did when he when he was nowhere to be seen.
He got all bent out of shape and started putting crap on my car and making a big start of the dance all over the building.
I don't think that's the same guy though. Maybe the other guy was a phony Jack Mark. Maybe it was a Jack ass or Jack off.
Or some of the other things that I noticed are posted on that sign out there this morning like Jack crap Jack Spratt Jack shot.
I wouldn't have waved at him if I wouldn't know who that was. That wasn't the guy. I don't think no, you only saw one of them.
There were two guys out there. Well, maybe Jack Mark didn't have the balls to come by the door. I saw two guys. Well, one was a midget.
So anyway, like I started to say, here's a fact that says I have I bet you even Truman Capote never sucked as hard as Rick Riley did yesterday on that new news guy.
Now that's disgusting. Well, we don't have a fax. I just made that up.
Okay, let's see. Where do we stand right now? We got a ton of faxes here. They're great. They're creative. If I keep those faxes coming.
305 690 6440 on our this is our last hour for this. We can't do this for four solid hours. We can't know we can't.
This is our last hour for our big survey. And then the one o'clock hour. We're going to analyze it and the survey too.
We're going to chew up these results and spit them out. So far, Karen Kate doesn't have one Jess not one. So I guess Walt hasn't called in yet.
No, 10 20 36 nays. One thing I'm going to make sure of it. The other station is we only have one DCS in the studio, not in the control room.
I may leave any second. Here's Jupiter. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to take survey. Okay, Ron and Ron don't listen to the light bulb QAM and Howard.
Did you hear how it this morning 630? I missed that. Oh, thank God. William Mochmore shorts deterred. Love them. All right, Brook Daniels. Don't listen after six.
Okay, so Karen, K you don't listen. Absolutely not. The jingles and the jingles and the rejoins. Go to hell. Okay. Hey, by the way, Neil. Yes.
The Crippitation contest is on CD. If you like, I'll send you a copy of it. Oh, we got it. Oh, you do have it on. But thank you so much. Okay. And it got less you and see more closely guaranteed that he won't be cut off.
Wait a minute.
Yeah, we're all around. And we want to be going out. What do you mean he wants to be guaranteed?
Don't you remember writing in writing? Triplicate. Bring him in here. Bring that. Is there a microphone over there? Well, he can just. Yeah, there's a microphone over there. Just swing it around.
Just bring Jack Markin here and let's say here what he has to say in his own defense of his barbaric grotesque behavior. I mean, if you want to make a big son of a what is that? Mike for?
Yes, it is. Where is he? He's coming. How well when he gets done? Tell him to come in here. Jack Mark, ladies and gentlemen from marketing magic, the same shlumpers that bought WS RF. And here just to think when we were going to make a big deal for me to go over there and
get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I'm going to get a microphone. I
can't defend your own case. You just make a lot of noise and then hide. Come on, Jack. Let's get in here and tell the audience how you invited me to park in your spot. Here he comes. He's on a way. See, this isn't the guy that was just in the hallway. Over here, Jack. That thing is a microphone. I know you don't have any of those at WSRF because everything is probably automated and whatever. I ordered one. Okay, what happened? I'm going to give you an opportunity to tell us the real story on which. What do you mean on which on the parking spot? Oh, yeah. This is a terrific time to do it.
What else do you think I asked you in here for your bet? Okay, you want to take our survey? I told you having coffee. Yeah, we are having food. It's all the food's gone. I get to taste something, Mr. Rogers. Yes. First of all, on the parking space. Yeah. I meant when I was at a town, you could have my space. Well, how would I know when you're out of town? I told my secretary to make a schedule available. So when I'm at a town, like I'm going to a town next Thursday. I will not use your spot. No, I want you to. I will not use that spot.
Why? Because it's a Jack spread on or something like that. No, but you missed the point. What is the point? Why don't I put Jack or Neil Jack or Neil when Jack's out of town? But how do I sound others? I have to check your schedule. Is it that much of a big? Let's see it to you that I mean, you drive the Jaguar, right? No, no, you drive BMW. Oh, be it. Well, no wonder that answers all my questions. You drive a BMW made by a bunch of far business Germans. Well, I used to thought it's used to think it stood for British motor.
Motorworks. Yeah, when I was younger. Yeah. And I've been driving him ever since it stands for Brown, a BRAU is in Ava. Yeah, but I didn't know that. Well, well, now you're old enough. Can I go out there and sell it right now? Jack Mark wants to give away his BMW in a parking lot. The first person shows up. He will give me the keys in the car because he's embarrassed to be driving a Nazi mobile. Yes. Can I ask you a question? No, seriously, but let's let's back up for a second. Wait, you know that signal would go straight to heaven. Yeah, what is it? 1900 on the dog? Can I take something? You'll appreciate this as the former
most leading authority on AM radio. Yes, maybe in a country in the world in the universe. Yeah, absolutely. From here to Uranus, I want you to watch this station because I'm telling you that we're going to be the biggest small station in 50 years. I'll talk to crap out of it when I get over to Q. A.M. Would you come on for a show one day? No, why? Because I'm going to be under contract to another radio station. I can't do that. If you do think that I would sell out people that are paying me a million dollars a year to come on some horse crap station with a signal that goes straight up in the air. It's not going to be a horse crap station. How do you know that? Because I know because I
am a genius. Are you going to put a van Patrick back on the air? He ain't feeling too good. You know, he put that station on here. You do know that don't you? Neil, I may do you know, van Patrick? No, the late grade voice of the Detroit Lions. No, I know he put that station on the air. You're kidding. And he's dead. You mean I don't want you to feel about it.
You didn't put the station on you. John to nag. They couldn't put. He couldn't put a gas station on. Are you kidding me? Johnson Aguil is an ax murderer. Yeah, you know what I promise? You know what I promise?
I'm just asking some of the people that's building that works for Johnson Aguil is just asked Lena when they'll tell you stories about
Johnson Aguil a chasing people around the studio with a hammer. Do you know what I promise, Ron?
Madman. Yes. I told Rhonda. I gave her my word that I personally was not. Rhonda will put on that. Rhonda.
But the next lady president packs in Miami. No, yeah. I promise her. I promise her. Yeah. I promise her that I would not do my own
show in your hours while you're with I OD because they want to hurt your share. And when I go to QAM, you promise that you're going to be on
yourself. Please, I want to get a commitment right here. I hope you're more honest than Michael Mayo. I'll give you a better
commitment than that. Okay. I'm going to start a show in two weeks. And it's called Tangle and Catch. And I'm going to analyze your show.
That's right. Every other word you're going to try to make a show out of my show. Another guy wants to siphon off in the
Rogers. Oh, nervous laugh. Get serious, Jack. You're going to analyze this show. Do you know who invented the paperclip? I couldn't hear
less. Do you know what that person made? Do I know what they made the person that invented the paperclip made $37,000. Now you know what a
serrated paper clip is? The little next in it. Yeah. That person made 800,000. Yeah. So if you're doing what you're doing for a
million a year, why can't I make two? I don't be grudged you anything. I hope you make five million. Then maybe you can add another
parking space on there and just give it to me permanent. How would that be? Yeah, but if you go to do that, I'll come over here in
Park. I'll tell you have a limousine. Take me down here. How's that? Well, if we get real big, you're going to come back to our
station to what to WS RF? Yeah, we're going to take that national. It could be a star. You know where that thing is on a
dial. It's 25 20 on the dial. There's not a radio in the world that can pick up that goddamn station and you know it. It's off. It's
off the end of the dial. It's so even Lordass limbo. I ain't that far to the right. You know that, Jack. Ask your own engineer,
Lino. If you can't hear it now, right? Couldn't hear that station. If you were if you had your head in the
transmitter, you couldn't hear it. He told me that this morning. He won't say to his partner. Are they going to be sorry? They
bought that piece of crap. Why do you think Paxon gave it to you for a song? He's desperate to dump it. Do you think that Paxon
owns any radio stations? Are they ready? Good? Absolutely. He wouldn't know a radio station if you stuck it up his rectum. Oh, I don't think
you're right. Okay. Okay. So in other words, your first you're going to be rallying, butting me and then you're going to be going on the
kissing buddy Buds ass. No, I don't know. I don't kiss anybody's. You notice you didn't come on here to talk about the
parking space and how you lied to me. You came on here to plug WS RF. Now, what does this sale go through? This abortion that you
bought? Why did it go through? By the way, Mr. Rogers. Yes. We're on here today. And it sounds great. And you own it. We
know exactly what it is. It's an unlucky marketing agreement for the audience. It means that grave robbers are
operating the radio station a bunch of banditos. Not true. See, not true. You know what you did two weeks ago that
thought was unfair. I'm what was that on your show? By the way, I don't really care whether you thought it was
unfair. I didn't ask you to come in here critique my show. I'm doing okay without your help. Okay. I'm doing okay
without your help. This is nice. This is not. By the way, thanks for the nice billboards. Oh, I think they're great. They
are great. Keep putting them up. I love it. Keep putting them up. Harry wants them down, but he ain't got no
clown. You know why that goes to show you the car he said, get those down. Get him down. And Jay Hooker says, we're putting
more up. No, because they're assholes. They know it goes to show what kind of people the packs and people are. They're not
going to take your kind of people. No, they're not going to take your billboards down and say, Oh, I'm taking my marbles because
meals go play another game. Well, guess what? Wait till Bud packs and finds out your Jewish. He knows the deal is off. He knows the deal is off.
You're out. Why do you think he bought the station from Cox goiam? He only buys stations from goiam. Neil he
Dean Goodman Jewish guy. You see him donated to one of our television. He got him out of the radio business. Jewish. He
don't want no Jews on there. He donated to one of our charities. What? He donated plastic? Jesus? No, what he did get out of here with it.
Okay. Let's look. I got one minute. Let's get back to the parking spot. Why did you offer? Which I thought was a very
peculiar, but very nice thing. Let's go. I don't know you from a mushy puppet. I'm walking out to my
side. Right. Weeks ago. And you said, if I'm not in that spot any day, you want part. You can park there. It was an
error in communication. No, but you said it wrong. I didn't do anything wrong. You I want you to apologize for
saying it wrong. If I understood that I had to look at your schedule to see when you were out of town to use
your spot, I would have left the car running with the keys in it. Of course, my 97 vet. I would have just left it
running out on the road there. I would have run in check with 85 secretaries and seen if you were out of town or
not. Why didn't you tell me that? Okay. I cannot apologize for your failure to understand what I was saying. But I will say
I don't speak Sanskrit. Well, you didn't understand what the school board did. I don't care about or you're going to be
talking about the school board on the surf. Oh, thank God. No, no, no, you want to put the light bulb off the
map. No wonder buddy. But God was that thing. You said something on Passover on Paisach. Yeah. That was in
the back. You're right. Paisach at least pretend to be a real Jew. Paisach. Yes. You said something that was inaccurate. Like
one. You failed to tell the public when you did your show. I reason that the school works a liar and the
reason of the school board selected that day to be a teacher's work day. It's because they knew that so many people just
helped the street to shoot the corner of us sterling there and before 41 and talk to the Indians. There's nothing
worse than being an Indian giver. I wanted a apology right now from you that you owe that you got all been out of
shape. I mean, even if you were upset that I was talking on there in the wrong day, why didn't you at least
come me some slack and say he misunderstood instead of putting a note on my beautiful car on my beautiful
Corvette and running around a building like Napoleon here, like a Jewish Napoleon. Well, I got your
attention. Then I got my attention. So you could come in here and plug your radio station. Good luck to it. Well,
I appreciate that. But I will say this is my parking space because it wasn't misunderstood. Yeah. I'm going to
give my secretary my schedule and I meant what I told you. I didn't mean park for the whole shift
meal. Oh, just for a few minutes. I'm a busy working guy too. If I made a million a year, you could have my
spot forever. Yeah. So when I grow up and I'm a big boy and successful, how about if I pay her for your
spot since it sounds like you're really hard up for cash. How about if I paid you for the spot? How much? I'll bring
it in some lira. How about 10,000 lira? I don't know what they are. Exactly. Okay, Jack. Thanks very much. Okay, Jack
Mark there. 2018 at W I O D. I rest my face. Yeah, 610 W I O D. She'll never see the light of day. What happens in your
bedroom is your own private business. But if you're going to start looking at movies and you're sick, I mean, this bottom line, you're a sicko.
I I you know, like I said, I don't like it. But I don't want to get Christian. I don't want to force my religion upon you. Yes,
he knows that's the way I see it. I tend to trust people who watch pornography before I trust born again, Christians.
Karen Kay. Weakness. 610 W I O D. 610 W I O D. Wonderful. I'll do do. I pooped my pants. 610 W I O D. Okay, it's 1220 at W I D. One more time. Come on. I pooped my pants. So we're getting
faxes up the old breakfast here today. I'll tell you they're great. And by the way, that was Jack Mark from Magic Marketing on
here from WS RF 1900 on your radio dial. Just keep twisting it and twisting it and twisting it and yanking it and pulling it and your dial to
and you might hear it. It's entertainment radio. Hey, I hope he makes a lot of money. He's Jewish. Okay, here's the survey. Ron and Ron used to be a
camel. I know more like a garage sale. Okay, no, no, no, a big fat. No. William the turret. Excellent. Biggie. Go not afraid to a
tango, tango with the onyere town. Not tango, but tango. I never danced with him, but I understand it is a great two-step.
Brook Daniels loved to listen to her wine on the while I'm on the turnpike. Okay, likes that turnpike stuff, Brook.
Karen Kay. No. Come on. It's got to be one.
Somebody put in a call to Walter Sabo up there in New York or wherever to hang it out. No, no, no, no.
Let's see. Better suited for announcing job at a local bingo hall. Karen, it says. The jingles. Yes, likes the jingles.
Grammins of time. And Miami was great. Okay, a hundred years ago. Here's one that says let's have an onyere chess game.
We can play for up to five hours. We'll hold all the calls and the spots till one of us wins. Okay, great.
What is this? What the hell is this? Just the crap. Okay, Ron and Ron. This woman says thumbs down. William the turret.
They love him. Rick and suds thumbs up, but they're not on the thing. Karen Kay another dog. She's thumbs down and Brook Daniels down. Let's see. Brook is,
I think fallen. What is she? 21 to 19. Very close. She's hanging on.
Here's a fact that says the demise of W. I. O. D. started when but that's not bud, but but taxon took over.
The same thing happened to the Panthers when stew was traded. There you go. There's a good parallel.
There's an old adage that states if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Didn't feel to a stint with these terrible jingles as a joke.
That's right. Now the whole station is a joke. How many times how many times an hour do you think the phrase W. I. O. D.
610 radio needs to be said. How a phony exclamation point as for Ron and Ron. I have my radio set on six 10 to wake up at five 30 sports overnight.
It's great with the Brody by the Bay. As soon as I hear the music for Ron and Ron, I bolt out of bed to turn off the radio.
They suck and I don't mean that in a good way. I think that's a thumbs down. Brook is okay for a jab. That's a thumbs up. William Millhouse needs.
William Millhouse. The turd needs a witch doctor to shrink his swollen head. What a what a drip off when you stop.
Now you're getting like the Karen case show now when he's stupid sound effects. Stop it. Rick is a turd. Well, we know that we're not taking a pull on that. It's beyond debate.
And if you see K tell her she's are going to be to effer way to the top of something for a job. She needs to set her standards higher than. Okay, she sucks.
And what's the other one? The jingles. Okay, I really told you. Okay, there you go. Excellent. Thank you, Georgian Mary in the falls.
Here's one that says Ron and Ron thumbs down. They're not doing good. The turd thumbs down. Brook Daniels thumbs up.
Karen Kaye may. A major thumbs down hysterically smelly bitch lyre and I won't read the rest. Okay.
And the new jingles they like it thumbs up. Got a few of those people that got like a tinier. Here's one Ron and Ron. Here's the thumb. It's going the up direction.
The course. It's got a picture of a doctor with a rectum. I don't want to go into that. The hemorrhoid winning journalist thumbs up. They love him, George.
Karen Kaye never heard the show. So that's good. She's got six of those. The jingles. A big thumbs down and Brook Daniels. Unfortunately for Brook. Another one in the down position.
Here's one that says Ron and Ron. Okay, the new Ron blows, but it's okay. Where the hell are they? Are they on? Oh, here they are. Billy Bob the turd. They like it. They like it. Brook Daniels very good. Karen Kaye. She sucks.
Sucks and no jingles. No jingles. Get rid of those jingles. There's only one person out there that wants to hear jingles. I'll be honest to you. Where the hell is he already? Where is he?
My, my, my look at him. He even he don't like the jingles. Ron and Ron. It says they suck. The turd is okay. Brook Daniels is okay. Karen Kaye. It says I feel sorry for the new giggle. Sucks. G. I. N. G. L. E. The new giggle must be Italian.
And on and on. It goes. Here's one that says let's see William Schwartz. Milford the turret thumbs up. Ron and Ron a big thumbs down. Brook Daniels. A. What is that? Half and half. I'll give her a run up just because I feel like a Karen Kaye two thumbs down. I'll give her one and the jingles.
Okay, thank you, May. So there we go. And we're going to do what is it? It's the 12 o'clock hour. We'll go to one o'clock then and they want to clock hour. We'll dissect it. We'll digest it. We'll give you all the results. We'll publish it in the newspapers. This is one hell of an important survey. And man, that discussion with Jack Mark. Read did something for me. I'll tell you. You know what it did? Give me heartburn. Either that or Wayne Arnold or both. We have an open line on the out of town line. By the way, one triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three. Here's four Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh,
okay. I'd like to do a survey. Ron and Ron. Okay, suck. Okay. William the third. Excellent. How about them apples? Brook Daniels. Excellent. Karen Kaye. Complete lunatic. Jingles and rejoins. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. The Lord, bless and keep it. See him. We have an open line of Howard. Seven six, seven, nine, four, six, three, seven, six, seven, W. I. Poor Karen. Come on. Somebody. Now we don't want to we don't want to tilt the survey.
10, 20, 30, 40, 40, four. We do have their 50 votes so far. 44 Hater like poison and six have never heard the show. Other than that. And the positive column is a big. Oh, how do you like that? Huh? That is unbelievable. That's just unconscionable. That's it. And don't say that I'm like the one that's tilting the surveys. We'd art because William Milfer a millhouse of the third. He's like way ahead. 10, 20, 35 to 15. He has got an insurmountable lead, George.
Insurmountable lead, whether you like it or not, and he don't. George hates him. George hates you, William. Rob, whatever your name is. 12, 20. And by the way, see it's seeing an A. You hit him like poison. And Rick is just licking him from head to toe. I mean, Rick just loves him. Rick just adores him. Rick wants to have his baby, I think. 12, 27, a W. I. O. D. Now you can have your cake and eat it too. The doctor, Rick and his low carburet. He's cake, which I just finished two small pieces, by the way, two rather large pieces. And it's damn good.
Good stuff. Dr. Atkins, the creator of the wildly successful Atkins diet, has created the only authorized Dr. Atkins cheesecake with only three grams of carbohydrates, preserving. It's the perfect treat for the low carb. Diders plus the Dr. Atkins cheesecake is rich. It's creamy. It's delicious. Dr. Atkins developed the cheesecake to meet his rigorous demand. So you know, you can enjoy it in that you're within your diet guidelines. But if you want to make sure you're getting the real thing, be sure to look for the Dr. Atkins signature right there on the label so that you know it's the M. You can have your cake and eat it too.
Dr. Atkins low carb cheesecake and try the other great Dr. Atkins products like lipolyzea, his delicious protein drink and the Atkins baked mix for pancakes. You can call to find the story that carries all this good stuff or to find out about home delivery. Just sit on your ass and call one triple eight Dr. Atkins. That's one triple eight Dr. That's one eight eight eight DRATK INS. Got it? And be sure to look for the Dr. Atkins signature on the label on the box so you know you're getting the real thing. That's some rip off. One eight eight eight DRATK INS.
610 WYOD. The topic today? Why don't we get phone calls? We're sorry. 610 WYOD. You son of a bitch. Hi there boys and girls. Today is going to be a very extra special friend. Stop and buy. Show us all about something really special. I can't remember the door right now. Come on in, Miss Mac. Are you ready? Hey, brought by something I wanted to do.
I want to show you. It looks like it looks like a octopus with a kilter. That's me bag boy. You want your bag? Hey. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. That's soft. Hey, like velvet. Hey. What's this right here? That is my blowpipe. What do you do with a blowpipe? You blow it lad. Blow it. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it on your blow. Okay, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my mouth?
I'll blowpipe, lad. Sure, go ahead. Come on lad. You got to put your mouth around it. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. Like this? Hey, that's a boy. Stick it all the way down your throat. It's getting bigger. Hey, it means you're doing it right? What's this over here? That's my shanta. What do I do with that? What do you do with that lad? You put your both hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there. Now what you want to do lad, is you want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
Okay, on together all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good lad. Hey, that's good lad. Sure. Hey, that's good lad. Keep blowing. No harder lad. Harder. Squeeze the bag.
Please, man. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Stick faster. Run your hands up and down faster.
Blow, blow.
I'm going to be doing it a play not my problem.
Oh, no.
I'm doing it again.
After the kiss, you press me.
By the roll tool.
Okay, 1233 at WIOD, happy Thursday.
We got another half hour of this insanity and then we can add all these up.
we can tabulate them we can bring in the price water house people to certify this and certify the audience and certify the management for putting some of these people on here and then we'll figure it out. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing today? Great. I'll take your survey. Would you like to participate in our award-winning survey, Ladi? That's right. Okay, here we go. Ron and Ron.
They suck. I really lose it to Howard. William Millhouse deterred. No, don't like him.
Brook Daniel. We use stop. Brook Daniels. I like her. Okay. Karen Kay. I see a new career and this came comes to mind. Jingles and rejoins. No, don't like that either. Muchis Grasius. Thank you. I'll read it. Ertchi.
We have an open line in day six to two W. W. W. This is all straightforward. This is scientific. This is the Emma's. Make no mistake about it. So how do you like that? Jack Marca W. S. R. F. by the way 2800 on your AM dial.
Program it digitally 3600 on your AM dial. It's the entertainment reports. He's got that signal all fixed up. Boy. He's making a killing over there. And on the days when he's out of town. If I check with a secretary, I can be happy on a right using this pocket space.
Real close to the expressway there where somebody can throw a brick by the way. Here's a point point and be chill. Oh, hi. Good afternoon, Neil. Buenos Bonpamarillo. Yeah. Ready to take your survey. Ready to rock and roll. Ready. Okay. Here we go. The Ron and Ron show. No, no way. The William the third news. Yes, like him. I go, George. Brook Daniels. Yes, very good. Karen Kay. No, no way. And our new Jingles are new old.
Jingles. No, they got to go. Okay, sir. Have a wonderful life. Thank you. And back to you. Boy, this is the way to get these people out of their doldrums, man. This is a great day. What a great way to kill a Thursday. Tomorrow we got all request Friday. And then we got vacation in a couple of weeks. And after that, who knows?
After that. You know what I'm saying? After that, who knows, Laddie? Maybe we'll just be, you know, squeezing the old back blowpipe for a few months. Who knows what's going on?
He never know with these people with these go. Here is a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Are you a lady? Far from it. It says, Lady in Miami on to my God. It's a miracle. Now tell George EF up. This isn't the Virgin Mary. Is it? Okay, let's go, sir. Ron and Ron radio program.
Socks. William, the only two worst and Ron and Ron are Mike, Mike, American, Chico, Rich. Excellent. How's that? Only the only Ron and Ron have more hair. There you go. William Millhouse, Nixon, the turd, the worst, brook Daniels. She's all right. Karen, K, the worst and the Jingles and the rejoins. Okay.
Okay. Dale. Yes, I'll talk a little hockey with him. Yes. Last night, I a little bit over to my parents often they've got a big dish and what a difference in the CBC coverage. Right. You got to see your real broadcast there with Bob Cole and Harry Neil and Ron reclaimed in Don Sherry on coach's corner. And what a great game to. It really was. I mean, I only caught the first period and then I had to go. But I wish you would have seen the third period, man. Three, two Colorado's ahead. Edmonton ties it up. Kelly Bookburger, the moon man. He gets the tying goal and then would like four minutes left. They get the winning goal. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I saw. The first.
That's that Ryan Smith kid, boy, that's a player for you. Yeah. You think Edmonton really has a shot to beat him or. No, I'm hoping I'm pulling for Edmonton. But to be honest with you, it's it's going to be tough. Yeah. But at least they're putting up a hell of a battle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey, old Patrick didn't look too swift in the old for security. He's wandering, man. He's wandering days are coming back. I like it. Have a great day, pal. That backpipe bit. Yeah. The best in history. It really is. It's hilarious. Okay. Look out for that chander. Okay. See you. Remember Eddie Chander?
We have an open line in day six to two nine four six three six to two W. I would hear. I always thought any chander was Jewish. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you doing? I'm doing great. How you be? Oh, I'd be fine. All right. I want to participate. Okay. Let's participate. Ron and Ron. Jack. Okay. William the turn. Oh, he's great. Seeds George. Not only do they like it. George. How about Brooke? I like her love.
Karen Kay. Oh, do you speak? And the jingle is the W. I. D. The John Ford production company. Are you kidding? Okay. It had a great day. All right. Thanks. Bye. Be seeing you. Be seeing you. How's the prisoner doing? How's Patrick? Me going to do what we need him? Huh?
I'm going to go home and watch 400 episodes of the prisoner today just for the hell of it. Okay. So anyway, we had the knots landing. Ladies started off. We've had no other comment about the fact that knots landing was back on our last night because we were hockey intensive. Okay. I only saw like about 40 minutes total of it.
And it was, it was great. What's, what's not to like? And then of course we had the body floating in the pool because he was drunk out of his mind and Vaseline, Valene, whatever to help Val, Valene. She pushed him and Yangtima didn't realize that he fell his ass in the pool.
He's dead as a door nail. And now we're going to have a big song and an answer about that. And they're going to have to bring back Mac to investigate because he's running off because Karen's getting ugly as hell because Michelle is 85 years old. It was great.
Pick it up just where we left it off. Didn't see Pat Peterson though. Damn it. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to take the survey. You would like to take the exam. Yeah, Ron and Ron. The worst.
Okay. William the turd. I'm believeably great. Only Phil Hendry could do better than that. Brooke, Brooke Daniels.
Terrible. She reminds me. It reminds you of Randy Rhodes and like terrible. Okay, Karen Kay. They can't even describe how bad that is.
Indus, grabably bad and the jingles. Yeah, the jingles. I just want to tell you, Neil. The jingles are like pretty bad and all that. But there was one today. I don't know if it was a rejoin or what that showed they have a sense of humor.
When they said you don't have to have Neil Rogers on to have a successful talk radio show. I couldn't believe they did that. Yeah. So what are you saying? So I'm saying in general, they're pretty lousy, but that showed the head a little sense of humor, or maybe they're even serious.
Well, maybe they really believe that. Let's hope it's real soon. Have a great day. Yeah, one other thing that guy that was on before that.
That that's Hendrick there that was talking about his parking spot. Yeah, Jack Mark. Yeah, he sounds a little insecure. Really? Put him on the. Well, turn over to 1990 on your dial right now. You're going to hear some amazing crap. Yeah. Okay, just get a fat gas mask. Okay. I'll read it.
I'll get back to you. Yeah, WS RF. I'm going to promote the hell out of that station man. Put that damn light bulb right off the thing right off the dial. Except when Craig is on. There's a good guys Craig wording. Okay, you can turn off. I also have a memo here. It says you're permitted to turn off 1400 all day long until eight to midnight when Craig Worthing's on a rest of the wedding doubt shut it off. Until Alice to grow a small pair. And by the way, they still haven't done his contract. They understand they still the packs and people are still diddling around and their rumors that Vegas is calling again.
They just can never doesn't it sound familiar George? Doesn't it sound familiar just like things that we went through just when you think that everything is all done a wrap up. They just can't quite get their act together because like Rhonda once said to me, we're not too good on contracts. Boy, talk about the master of understatement and underwear. We're not too good on contract. Oh, God, is she something. Here's a lady mobile and Davie. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm ready to participate. Okay, ready to hop.
Right in here. Ron and Ron. A D R E with a capital D with an okay at the end. William. Hi, I'm him. The third. Okay, okay. Okay, Daniels. Funny, funny, cute, funny, cute, funny. Okay, Karen, K idiotic. Maronic and made me a believer that it is possible to sleep your way to the top and the jingles and rejoins. It's a tolerable. Okay. Thank you so much. See how painless that was. See you. Bye. Okay, we see we got a lot of pain.
People out here ordinarily are real pussies would never call in tango with me, tango with me because they don't like dancing with the fact, I guess, but ordinarily, like I said, we wouldn't hear from them, but today doing the survey, we get them calling in here. So there's a method to my madness. Okay, even though it may sound like we're just here to kill four hours today. And you got that right.
You got that right, baby, because what the hell else is the purpose of these shows? Are we going to save the world for myself? Are we going to reform mankind? Are we going to solve all the problems of society? You better believe we are. And that's going to happen in the next hour.
But in this hour, we're doing something else. Next hour, we're going to talk about that guy with that $9,000 engagement ring and the other thing that she was talking about the two bull dikes and that kid.
In fact, that's going to be a new sitcom on ABC next year, put him right back on top, two bull dikes and a kid. Here's a western. Hello on a mobile.
Western, western's gone. Western on a mobile on a purple line that mobile one was paying for his gone. Oh my God.
We have an open line on the mobile one line at found IOD 1242 at W IOD 16 W IOD the 50 50 mix of today's is going to be riding in the limo right on the fenders.
Can I say we're going to mount her and dresser? What? It's a little deer talk. Okay. Now with those hunters.
I like about a good deer. Is it good? Right? No, what you look for? Yeah. And yesterday's favorites Jesus was nailed in his wrist and his hands. But how could you have Palm Sunday?
What are you going to have risks? How about Limp Rist Sunday? The best variety in South Florida. 610 W IOD.
Feel our pain. 610 W IOD. I had one in my mouth once.
I had my feet. I never saw the house smelling so nice. Now I'll have the lower my assing price. Nothing but containers, my unbent. All of them weird. All of them desks.
Yes. We have been waiting by by going to Syria. Syria. We die. 1247 W IOD. We have our critical minutes of this survey because because we've had 56 votes so far. And there's a column in here that is blank.
Nobody else is even close to blank. There are six who say we never heard that show at night. But there are 50 votes on Karen Kaye and they all say they hate her like poison.
Oh, each and every one. What do you got there? Okay. Here we go. Here's the facts. Ron and Ron. Listen once painful thumbs down. Okay. Karen Kaye. They should bring back.
They should bring back public hanging. All right. Welcome. Yeah. Brooke getting better thumbs up. There you go.
Rammilford almost entertaining thumbs up. And we miss full. There we go. Great facts. Excellent. Thank you so much. That's the Alliance professional photo lab. Thank you so much.
Here's another one. The survey. This one says our survey. Oh, that's what you know we should have been doing this all day long. Damn it. Got him. I slow. Now now that we're almost done.
Survey said. Yeah. Oh, there's that bell that they like to it. Fits in with the format. Let's see. Ron and Ron just a small thumbs up. Now we'll put a big one there. They need it. They're dying over here. William Milford. The third. A big thumbs up. What did I tell you? They love him. Brooke, a big thumb up. Karen Kaye, a big thumb down.
And the jingles bigger a bigger thumb down even bigger than Aaron Kaye. It says I'm too scared to call in. Bapapapap. Bpp. My youngest son is gay. He loves listening to you too. Also like Rick and Sud. Okay. There you go.
Let's see. Here's a piano. A what piano piece on Michelle Gillens. I'm. What does that say? I'm a human penis. I don't know what that is. Okay. Okay. There you go. So we're right up to date. And we only got like 10 minutes, 8 minutes, 7 minutes to go.
Until we're through with this and she's got seven minutes to go to get one. Yay vote. Can you think she's going to get one? No. Oh my God. Is that going to be embarrassing or what?
That's going to be mortifying. Ain't it? Do you really believe she's going to get one positive before one? No. Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Thank you for taking my call on W. R. D. And thanks for calling 610 W. I. O. D. I like to do your survey. Okay. Ron and Ron. A yacht sometimes. Okay. That's a yes. Okay. William Schwartz. The third.
This guy loves him. Okay. Brook Daniels down and Karen Kay. I'd like to be the first to vote thumbs up for her. But I can't thumbs down and the jingles. And have a great day.
You too. And thank you so much. Okay. He wanted to do it just just because he's got such a soft spot in his thing. But even he couldn't do it. He wanted to do it. He was praying. He could do it. And he said, I can't do it. I can't lie that bad.
10 20 30 40 50 53 to nothing. 53 to nothing with six abstentions. 53 to nothing. What are the odds of that? Just somebody. Just somebody out of pity out of even water.
Sable calling in log distance disguising her for its voice. Here's dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, can I take your quiz? You ready? Yeah. Ryan and Ron show.
What's up? William of the turd news guy. He's all right. Brook Daniels.
Sucks. Karen Kay. You only found that she is up. He's in her ass. So okay. And the jingles and rejoins.
Sucks. Okay. Hey, come with me and had to do with the agitating collar and that idiot from cemetery village that Melrose guy. Melrose place guy. Isn't that said?
So he got at least a few minutes on her show. I feel very honored now. Feel very proud that we killed a few minutes, even though there were many lies told, especially about calling being touched with them to sit in my show. Isn't that interesting since it was the other way around it. Oh, yeah, we think. Yeah, right.
Let's talk to David cats up there in New York and see who called whom. Okay. Let's cut the bull crap and see who called whom. Who is interested in representing the O' Rogers. You bull crap artists.
Two by the movie lost money to by the way. Here's a vocal. Hello. Bokeh. Hello. When is this? I need to take the survey. Okay, Ron and Ron. Couple of jerk us. William the turd. I like him. Brook Daniels. I love Brook. Karen Kay. So what do you do back and the jingles?
Oh, the jingle the lame. Okay. Hey, Neil, can I call somebody to do back? Yeah? Can Minnerly? You're a hockey playing law dispensing cigar smoking do's back a puck head. That's right. Thank you. You're welcome. Okay. We have an open line. The out of town line 10 52. We only got about three four minutes of this. And then we're going to be done. Then we're going to be done in the last hour. We're going to unload on you. Some of the most incredible numbers and the news guy, by the way, William Millhouse next in the third who will not acknowledge me because I said yesterday. Cause I said yesterday something that he got very uptight and upset about. Okay, like. What an absolute. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I
don't know how that's all you are, which I thought feel right into that particular newscast as in almost any one he does and he got all bent out of shape but they still of He's way ahead, George. I'll give it the number of the next hour. But just suffice it to say he's going to win big. Yeah. Too bad. Okay. Quit playing a crap in there. I'm telling you. you better watch yourself. Mr. little spick. Little grease ball that that CT. He's looking for a job out here. Yep. In fact. I mentioned that to me the other day about that producer's job. A QA and he said. I wanted it.
Yeah, here's hi, Alia. Hello.
Oh God.
I have a job. Yes, sir.
You see, Neil, I don't have to call all the time.
See, I've been, I've been listening to you since my junior year in high school, man.
So I don't need to take no freaking service.
I'm always calling in now. You're 85.
No, come on. Okay. Okay.
I'm going to take it. I'll take it.
Take it. I want to survey.
Run around some morning. Really early.
Okay. William the third.
Yeah, keep them.
Brook Daniels. No.
Karen Kay.
Hell no.
And the jingles and rejoins.
You want to know why, Neil?
You got you have to do what you have to do something for, for QAM.
All right.
But keep the jingles for just until you leave.
And then after that, burn them so that they don't have them.
So what does that mean?
Well, for now, keep them. Okay.
What else? Oh, I have an answer.
Another thing.
Wouldn't it be the advantage to the defending team who was actually getting a goal put into
the, you know, into their net to push the opposing player into the crease so that
they'll go to them and get them out.
Good point.
Another reason that the rule sucks.
All right.
See you, Neil.
Grazie, Miele.
I'll be there.
She. Grazie, Miele.
Okay. Let's get to these other ones here.
We're all looking.
We got on there, but he'll have to wait.
Here's Boynton Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I want to take you.
Survey. Okay.
Ron and Ron terrible.
William the third.
He's great.
Brook Daniels.
Lover.
Karen Kay.
I like her.
Karen Kay.
I, somebody's got to give her a vote.
I can't.
I want an honest, honest answer.
I'd rather have Gilbert.
Jingles and rejoins.
I love the jingles.
Okay.
I see.
I knew he was full of crap.
I mean, I would put it down if he was sincere, but you could tell he almost broke into
laughter.
Okay.
Couldn't keep a straight push on the phone.
It's one thing you can't keep a straight face, you know, face to push, but he couldn't
keep a straight face on the phone.
Speaking of a straight push.
Okay.
I'd like to take the survey.
Yeah.
I bet you would.
How about taking two aspirin instead?
Let's go.
You ready?
Go ahead.
Can you handle a pressure?
Yes.
I doubt it.
Ron and Ron.
Down.
Wait in the turn.
Excellent.
Brook Daniels.
No way.
Karen Kay.
Stan Major show on I.N.Z.
With a touch of femininity.
Now and the jingles and rejoins.
If you like dick, the campaign, then you like the jingles.
Okay.
No.
Good.
I thought and I hear all along.
I thought he didn't know dick.
So let's see.
Should we live dangerously?
Do one or two more quickly here?
I mean, we got to give her a chance.
We got to give her a chance.
I mean, you can't possibly strike out.
There every, every dog has its day.
There's an old saying if you throw enough crap up in here, sooner or later or some of it,
we'll come down and hit the ground.
I mean, it's got to be somebody out there.
Somebody.
We just hope they don't get into the next minute.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good.
I'm going to show you.
I'd like to take the survey.
We've run in that.
Okay.
Thanks for the recommendation for the emerald coast.
Oh, great place.
Great place, man.
Probably see you there Sunday.
Go on Saturday.
There's no blue here is on Saturday.
Really?
Yeah.
Like I said, probably see you Saturday.
There you go.
Okay, Ron.
No, no redneck humor.
I'll William the third.
No, I'm like the other guy without Jennifer.
Forget it.
Brook Daniels.
Yes.
Karen Kay.
The worst park radio I've ever heard in my life.
And the jingles.
Oh, awful.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
See you at the coast.
Okay, that's it.
I mean, I tried.
I tried like here.
I milked it as long as I could.
I squeezed it.
I anchored.
I twisted it.
That's it.
Nothing left.
So we'll tabulate them all during the newscast with the ward winning journalist.
Now, he didn't even know what a ward he wanted.
One the seal of approval from the IOD audience award in spite of the fact that George is highly
pissed off about it.
Adam is not too happy about it.
Wayne is foaming at the mouth about it.
And Rick is like tickling himself.
He's so happy.
Rick loves him.
In fact, I heard him yesterday say I wanted it.
Rick really likes it because there's a wife likes it.
Oh, Rick's wife likes like Jesus.
Rick's former.
Oh, I see.
She is.
Why thinks that he's Jesus and drag.
You don't mean Rick's wife, the former cheerleader, do you?
Karen.
1257, a W I O D. Hey, let me tell you right now.
If your bank is screwing you around like Rick Riley's bank is screwing him around.
Hey, girl, pair of will you Rick.
Go in there and say, I'm a big shot.
Blow it out your ass.
Give me my money.
I'm going to family bank.
That's what I did several months ago.
And I realize your deposits will not be quite as large as mine are Rick.
But nevertheless, you got a substantial amount of cash you're making here.
Take it to a bank where they're not going to screw up all your, I can't believe that
story.
Yes, I can.
I can't believe it because I've had my own horrible nightmare stories and you all have
to big banks are impersonal.
They don't care no matter what their slogans are, no matter what they tell you.
You're just a number in a computer.
Even if you got millions, you're just a small tiny wheel in their big thing.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Exactly.
So get your ass over there.
Tell them, give me all my money.
Have a great life.
I'm going to family bank family bank offers you the lowest service fee and
Howard.
They got all the features of even the big, big shot banks.
They got ATMs at all locations.
They got drive-throughs that open every day of the week except Sunday, Monday through
Friday at eight o'clock in the morning, even Saturday morning, nine to noon.
They got seven convenient, Howard locations.
And they treat you like a man.
They treat you like a real human being.
They treat you with Karen kindness.
Go into the sawgrass branch there.
And if you treat him real nice, Matt will even patch you on the head.
Family bank doing business the way you like, personal and friendly.
Member FDIC.
610 WIOD.
Neil Rogers.
While you're goofing off, it worked.
But what I, but wait, I'm not so friendly either.
610 WIOD.
If the one to do our...
I like it.
How do you like this so far?
Let's take a poll on it, okay?
I'm Tony.
The machine's acted up today.
You just can't get nothing to play.
Well, that's okay.
It gives us more time.
It gives us more time to sink our teeth into this important thing.
It doesn't?
It was a little reluctant, I guess.
Oh, my life is 5,288 feet.
5280.
528, oh.
And everybody knows that a foot is 12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
12 inches.
9 inches.
5 inches.
yeah
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Exactly.
One away to W.I.D.
Maybe we could make a special dedication from that, huh?
I don't want to mention anybody by name.
Okay, here's the results.
Here are the results of our massive commission study this morning of the W.I.D.
Audience or what's left of it?
Here we go.
The Ron and Ron show, man, they have a lot of work to do.
It's so embarrassing with you.
Look at that 12-plus votes.
Only one person to wait and never listen.
And 51 in the Negratory column.
12-plus 51 thumbs way down.
And like I said, lots of work to do.
Unbelievable.
William Henry Milford Nixon Schwartz, puppet goldstein, the third.
Like I predicted, the big winner in spite of all your outrageous comments and your refusal
to deal with it.
Did I tell you this?
I predicted it.
I predicted it, man.
I was right on target as usual.
Third of 47 Yees and only 18 Yees.
That's just stupid.
They love him.
William Milford Milhouse Nixon Schwartz, the third, is a smash.
Make no mistake about it.
And if Rick Ronik had gotten a vote, it would have been 547-18.
Brooke Daniels, she was like up and down and back and forth.
But in a stretch like a great racehorse, like a real thoroughbred she came through.
Just pounding her hoofs down a stretch.
And she could afford to lose a couple of pounds.
37 Yees, 25 Yees and one who'd all listen to that hour.
37-25, not bad.
Not bad for this very, you know, kind of picky audience.
I'm going to save this one here.
The one I'm going to move to the bottom of the list now.
Jingles and rejoins.
All those real fancy, shmancy things that you just absolutely see the stuff that Boca Brian does.
Like this.
They say follow around.
They say follow around.
Today the separate category.
That would probably gotten 100 rated.
They say follow around.
They say follow around.
And do you know why you're doing that?
But anyway, so we had 10 positive and 49 negative on the new Jingles on his John Ford.
Because after all, you know, he's a creative monster.
He's a creative freaking genius.
10 Yees and 49 Mays.
Now we get down to the one category that I must confess.
I read this.
I announced it.
I pass it along with considerable reservation.
You know what I'm saying?
Because it is so embarrassing.
It is so mortifying.
Now what are these factors?
Let's see.
W. I want to try a carnival atmosphere.
On the next personal appearance, you could put current K in the dunk tank.
Tie her to Jeff Hyatt says.
Everything.
Everything is fine except her.
How do you like that?
Whoo.
Even the factors are getting psychotic.
They're pithed off.
Here's another one.
Tell Jack Mark.
There's an opening for a waiter at Corkeys.
And I'm sure they mean the one in North Miami Beach on 160 turrets.
It's been closed for a year.
Here's another one.
It says I heard that Karen Kay show for the first time a few days ago.
I hate to say.
Now you're not being selective when you go through these.
Adam is going through these.
I don't want to say he hates her like poison.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W.O.D.
Yeah, from 9 to midnight.
It says I have to say she was the worst talk show host I have ever heard.
Her show makes the Ricky Lake show look like national public radio.
I can only keep it on for about three minutes until I couldn't take it anymore.
It was like listening to a valley girl who thinks she's a genius.
How does this packstin guy think W.I.D. will survive?
Another idiot who has it all figured out.
Sincerely, Sherry.
Okay, thank you, Sherry, for your perspication observation.
Okay, here's one.
It's okay.
No more votes.
Some of these other ones are voting.
And this one, this guy only sends us 4,500 facts.
It's okay.
So blow it out, you're asked.
Okay, did I get to the Karen Kay number yet?
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W.O.D.
Okay, let's start with the people who never heard of you yet.
Okay, let's try to do this as gently as we can.
Six people just don't listen to night.
Okay, that's understandable.
They have no opinion.
They never heard it.
Thank God.
59 people voted in the Negatory.
59 people said thumbs down.
And most of them, they very heated and passionate matter.
Most of them said like that.
Various forms of...
And in the plus column, we've got a big fat...
O!
Let me say it again.
And the positive column.
In the thumbs up column, we've got the big...
Now, what the hell does that mean?
What are we going to do about this, huh?
What are we going to do?
I got you down.
How about this ridiculous situation here?
Well, it rest...
You know, speaks for itself.
That's it.
It speaks for itself.
So there you go.
And you certainly can't say how influenced it because the news guy was the big winner.
He was the big winner, George.
Hands down, going away, champion 47-18.
That was the overwhelming, the big, the hot shot.
That was the big success story today.
Was William Preston Milford, Joan Schwartz, Billy Bob the Turd.
He won hands down.
Okay, let's get some instant analysis on this from our perspication audience out there.
Date County 6222WOD, Broward 767, Toolfree, Outside 1-888-474, Purple Line, Pound IOD, etc.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil Godd.
Yes, sir.
Got it figured out, we're based on your poll.
I now know who's going to replace you when you go down the dial.
You all carrying.
No, Robert Milford the Turd.
Robert Milford the Turd.
He'll be great in like two minutes at a time.
He'll be dynamite.
He's doing stand-up comedy now, isn't he?
He's sitting down.
He's hunched over.
He's doing a hunch over comedy.
Neil, between that and the jingles, I mean, the word you use, stop more.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a joke.
It's great.
It's got to stop.
Yeah.
I hear the people down the end of the dial are pretty excited about it.
Hey, let me ask you this, Neil.
What else is there to be in that wanes running the station over there?
No, he is not.
More, well, doesn't he say what goes on under, you know,
no, he does, no, he does not.
He's not behind the scenes pulling the string.
No, he is not.
He's not.
Trust me.
And he won't be.
Absolutely not from 10 to 2.
You can go to the bank on that.
Well, you're 10 to 2.
But all the other stuff like now, isn't he?
You said something the other day about Marlins or they can't talk about the heat or something.
I know, that was 100 years ago.
That was like months ago.
Okay.
But he's not telling the Humper what to say.
The Humper has been ripping him a ball spot.
Okay, good, good, good.
My good close friend, the Humper.
Is he going to buy that station or?
No, he's not.
No, he's not.
What does he have to buy it for when he can, you know, get all this free crap out of them
and they're paying him for the rights?
No, because now I see, you know, sports channel and then the radio station
and then what the hell's next, you know.
Let me say it again.
They're paying him 35 million.
Why should he buy it?
Okay.
There you go.
God bless.
I rest my case and have a great day.
Okay.
What does he say?
He says, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I
am going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say,
I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, a great name for Justin. Thank you very much. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, a great name. Please! No. Talk, tell me. Please. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, go ahead. Excuse me, please place the cake. I'm going to say, your question was a secret. We'll start with our corners. I'm going to say, we'll start with our corners now. So, we're going to begin. Ma-Max. Of course the rest of this world where we're going to go to the carrots, it's going to be avoided out. To get things broken up.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
New from K-Smell Records, the greatest body noises of all time.
That's right, the greatest body noises you've grown to love all on one CD.
You'll get...
...impress your friends with this one.
Or how about the acoustic version?
How about this party favorite?
And that's not all you'll also get.
Looking for a boot to the head?
We've got it right here on the greatest body noises of all time.
And right now, when you'll receive the greatest body noises of all time, dance mix.
Yes, it's the greatest body noises of all time from K-Smell Records.
Get yours today!
I like it.
Okay, 119 at WIOD.
As we continue digesting and, well, try to absorb the results of this amazing pool, huh?
59 to nothing?
59 to zero? Is that possible?
It is. Here's Pemberpine, so...
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
I wanted to take the thing. Can I take it any way?
Sure, go ahead. Just for fun. It doesn't count.
It doesn't count. Well, first, let me tell you something else.
Today on the Fat Black Bitch show,
Sheldon Kennedy is going to be on.
Oh, no.
She's going to make him cry.
Isn't that something? Well, that shouldn't be too hard.
Is he going to be wearing that little Roman Faggy haircut again?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
He's crying in the commercial.
Oh, do we have to hear those stories about his rec tool and all that stuff again?
Exactly. It's going to be great, though.
Okay.
I never watched a show. I thought it commercial. I'm going to watch it just for that.
Don't miss that.
And as you're watching it, I want you to conjure up in your mind how this 23 or 4-year-old
strapping hockey player is being molested by this very fragile old pedophile.
After getting in this car and driving over to his house.
Right. And watching a little TV and kicking back and relaxing a little bit.
Right.
Well, can I take this survey anyway?
Oh, yes. Right. Here we go. It's Ron and Ron.
William the Third.
Bungal.
Bungal.
Bungal.
Bungal.
Bungal.
Bungal.
And the jingles.
And now.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Can I hear the thing from FATSO with the jelly donuts?
The thing from FATSO. You mean that feeding frenzy?
Yeah, with the jelly donuts.
Oh, you got it.
Oh, see ya.
Oh, God. We don't want to play that. We'll get everybody frantic.
I like luxury and cookin'.
Party.
Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream.
Now, cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Ringding.
And chocolate chip ice cream.
Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly donut?
And then fill it with chocolate swirl ice cream?
Oh.
I like this stuff with jelly donuts with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and lift the chocolate and everything melt into the dough.
How about peanut butter and jelly?
Or a chocolate covered grey and cracker?
With the glaze of banana on top.
Could I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with M&M instead of chocolate chip.
They don't melt.
Yeah. So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please?
Still up a lot of lemon?
Uh, no. I'd like a little fresh orange juice squeezed in my an if you got it.
No, sorry.
Okay then, lemon.
The crumbs they got chocolate covered orange wedges.
The juice just dribbles down your chin.
Oh.
Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this place?
Just a drop.
The wedgedy actual food is covered with that flaked dark chocolate.
You know?
Oh boy. I had to write this stuff one that I'm in a donut.
Mmm. Mmm.
Mmm. Mmm. Get behind me, Junior.
Give me my honey, Junior.
It's in the cover, Tom.
Well, get it.
What else did they cover with that chocolate?
I mean, besides the orange wedges, grapes, peaches, strawberries.
Junior, the honey.
Those big, juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark, dark chocolate.
Oh, f***.
Jack, come on. Get the honey.
Now we know.
Oh, there ain't nothing like it, baby.
Get that...
Grab my junior, honey.
Exactly. One of the great movies of all times, if you're sitting around board to...
Oh, guess what's going to be on Sunday, by the way?
The last dawn.
Have you seen the previous for that?
Mario Puzzo. Thumbs up or thumbs down. We'll find out Monday.
Is that a one-top part deal or is that like...
We'll find out, like I said.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
You don't know if you can fly out.
Tamarack.
You don't have a lot of fun in this business.
You know what I'm saying?
Did you crank that up or did they do it?
I believe in the future of stock.
And he grows...
Oh, great. Okay. There's a stock guy.
That means we better turn on the CNBC.
That's probably a silent...
Oh, look at that. Markets up 119, the NASDAQ's up 14.
And the standard and poorest, and aren't we all 12 points.
So big deal. That's basically yesterday.
Ying and Yang. It went down yesterday.
It took a crap. Today it's going back up.
Like I said, like going to the track, but they don't put on a good show.
Two open lines and powered, 767 WIOD.
One in day, 6229, 463.
Steve Cain thumbs up or thumbs down.
There's Yenu Midday host. He'll be starting any day now.
Steve Cain, produced by Nick Lawrence.
It's going to be like old times.
Sick. Here's the Sunny Al's on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon, Neil Botzini Rogers.
See. William Millhouse, the Dreck, is a Pimp.
Yeah.
Garbage.
The poll is over, sir.
He went out.
He won hands down. He went over wellmingly.
But I got on the line officially before the 1A...
Well, don't count. Too bad. We closed the poll.
But I got my point across.
Listen, Neil, question for you.
A piece of garbage that called you a couple weeks ago from
Central Village.
Which piece of garbage was that?
Well, let me give you an example.
You have your chronic spax or Zancol, or it's correct.
You won't even get the time of day.
You may mention that there's a direct on the phone and
the direct on the fax and you just blow it off.
Or Howard basically treats this guy, or this is the same thing with Howard.
However, he gives him at least 30 to 40 seconds of air time.
He at least does him that favor.
The treatment that you heard him receive from Howard, that you played so
generously this morning, is the exact kind of treatment that gets.
This guy is garbage. He's not associated with that show at all.
And I think the hostility that Howard has is more towards him as opposed to
the poor victim that he victimizes, such as you or any other radio station.
The guy is a nut.
Well, that's what it sounded like to me, because he was denying that he
said all his crap to me, which we all heard him say it.
And then Howard said, yes, you did, et cetera, and so on.
I hate this guy.
It's just mentally retarded.
Well, the guy that called here just called to try to stir up a bunch of crap.
But luckily, one of our spies out there, as you heard,
headed on tape and we had it like in a heartbeat.
I wish I had on tape, the kind of dialogue that is really carried across with this guy,
Melrose.
Yeah.
So why does he put him out?
Why does he invite him on his show if we enjoy him a little bit?
You know why? Because the guy is such a looser.
He gives him some material.
Yeah.
So people can see how he treats a guy like garbage.
And that's true.
You know, you can spit on him and he opens his mouth.
Yeah, but after the first 200 times, don't we know he's a loser already?
Oh, it's terrible.
It's terrible.
He's horrendous.
Is he worse than William the turd?
William the turd, at least, is a professional.
This guy is nothing.
The other is he's just an amateur chronic.
In other words, Howard Stone will send him out to him to get a
event and he'll get arrested, for example.
When the OJ trial was going on in LA, the second trial, do you remember there was a guy carrying
like a skeleton hanging up?
Every time you see the news reports, you see a guy with like a skeleton?
Not really.
Or a cross behind OJ, yelling murder or murder.
Yeah.
That was this ass.
Oh, really?
Yeah, and he had a good point anyway, I like that.
Huh?
He had a good point.
Yeah.
I'm starting to like this guy.
Exactly.
But that's what he is.
So he's a chronic and you know, he gives you a given time on the air.
He loves it.
You know, never again, never happen again.
Please, if you can do that, you know, you'd make me very happy.
Okay.
Go sabers.
Okay.
Yeah, good luck.
Good luck to you, pal.
Oh, man.
And by the way, I guess he didn't get my messages today.
OJ, we don't want you here.
They got this big celebrity golf tournament coming up this weekend.
And for a very good reason, which is a good cause, one of those charities.
And it's going to get all screwed up.
It's already getting screwed up, screw, screw, screwing up.
It's scooting because they got cancellations because OJ, well, he was a part of a group that
paid to be in a, well, that's a pretty lame excuse.
Tell him to give him his money back.
We don't want him here.
Okay.
Nobody wants to be associated with him with that murdering piece of Drek.
Oh, well, the juice.
And then of course they had, they had these three black guys who are involved with a charity thing
with a golf part of it.
And they didn't want to talk, ah, they got nothing to do with the juice.
Anybody that calls him the juice, he ought to be getting the juice is what he ought to be getting.
Boy, did that frost my ass.
Get him out of town.
We don't want him here.
Send him someplace else.
And I noticed they kept showing all these shots and playing golf out there the other day.
And man, he was just running around and whacking it in the ball too.
Didn't look like that.
Our threatist was bothering him in the least bit.
Do we know the name of that golf course that let us us in there?
No, we do not.
Well, we'll find out.
And then in fact, William and the turd just got through saying that it was supposed to be at the rail.
And they've moved it to an undisclosed place because they don't want somebody off in them there.
Or for whatever reason because they're probably too embarrassed at this point.
Get out of here, OJ.
Go find somebody who likes you somewhere.
Like maybe the heavens gate people know where to go.
129 at W.Y.O.D.
The heat's got them boiling in Kendall Toyota.
Well, kind of like Luke Warm today.
The heat keeps on rolling, right?
That's what it says here, even though they lost last night.
Edwin Pope says they choked.
Well, they've choked those prices down to a bare minimum of Kendall Toyota.
See, I told you we'd fit something in here.
Kendall's got prices that will knock your thing right off.
Just listen to these ridiculously low prices on great brand new 1997 to it.
97 to it sells from just 99.91 brand new Corollas from just 10,991 brand new 97 to Comas
from just 10,791 and brand new beautiful cameras starting at just 15,991.
You can't beat the prices anywhere.
You can't beat the service.
You can't beat their TV show.
You just can't beat it.
So instead of sitting around trying to beat it, getting your car in head for Kendall Toyota,
just out the day land on U.S. 1.
Prices include all rebates and incentives on a pro credit.
Quantity is limited.
So hurry on down.
The opinions expressed on WIOD are those of Neil Rogers.
Okay, amen.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
Well, there never was a bad time for frying the juice.
Oh, he can't get loose.
He might have killed his wife and run Goldman.
They may be frying the juice.
Evidence coming in is making OJ look bad.
But he isn't sad.
His lawyers are Rocky Shapiro.
Boy.
An Allendershow it's two.
Rocky Shapiro's getting Marsha Clark's goat.
She's trying to prove that OJ cut both their throats.
Shapiro says that OJ was home.
Just back from McDonald's waiting for a limo.
Cowings was trying to help OJ escape.
But he wouldn't take a chance to get a ticket.
Boy.
And now they're frying the juice.
Well, OJ, the time stands in approach.
When your trial starts and we wish you the best,
we hope you're not guilty.
The Simpson's saga absorbs us more each day.
What can you say about DNA judge Eto?
Will you be frying the juice?
Now life is different for that buffalo bill.
Oh, why did he kill and leave a bloody trail behind him?
They'll soon be squeezing the juice.
The cast of characters are crazy indeed.
Just watch the news and you'll see what I mean.
Ballerine, the Marsha and Cato are in love.
And did that detective plant that bloody glove?
You perked.
Well, there never was a better time for frying the juice.
Oh, he can't get loose.
He might have killed his wife and run.
Gold men.
They might be frying the juice.
Just lick them.
Put them on a bus.
Okay, put them on a gay hot greyhound.
Get them out of town.
Put them on a motorcycle.
Put them on a something.
Put them in a box.
Get them out of here, okay?
We don't have enough problems of our own.
We don't have enough swill.
We don't have enough low lives.
We don't have enough crap down here.
We got to have him here as the frosting on the old cake.
We have an open line on the purple line there.
The mobile one line pound IOD in a pair and brown.
It's 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3.
Major bulletin, by the way, in our survey that we took 65 calls earlier.
Karen Kay, no positive calls.
59 negatives and six.
Who the hell is that?
A major, major bullet.
It's breaking news.
It's on the AP wire.
It's on from coast to coast.
Embarrassment.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
It was in the forest where the ripple played in golf.
That was Miami Lakes.
Miami Lakes, huh?
Yeah, you want to buy my house?
No, thanks.
I'm moving out.
I'd give it away.
I just throw the keys on the ground and run like a bat out of hell.
Yeah, well, that's the thing to do when that works mine.
Listen, as far as the award-winning journalist,
I know what award he won.
Yeah?
They call it the Grimo Award.
Yeah?
Yeah?
It's a pink, orange, and a chocolate.
Okay.
Hahaha.
Ah, man.
That not only killed him, it just about-
Reckham.
Get right.
Wow.
Whew.
I don't think I'm ever going to be the same again.
That was just a little bit more than I'm not even sure.
I have no idea what he said, but I know a little bit, a little piece of it.
Why'd you dump that?
I didn't dump anything.
I didn't dump nothing.
We have an open line in day 6222WOD.
We have one in Broward, 7679463.
This survey man seems to have like affected the mentality.
The people out there don't know about it as screen read 45 bananas.
And by the way, if we have to watch Don I'm is looking as bananas on MSNBC once again.
God, put a bag over it first.
Here's a lady in Pompano.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I don't know what it is.
First time caller, a long time listener.
I have a question that I want to ask you.
Yes.
It's about the gays and fags.
Gays and fags.
You know, a gay guy and a black guy.
What's the difference?
What's the difference?
Yeah.
The gay guy wears pants.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
And the fag wears an earring in his right ear.
Oh, yeah.
The gay guy wears earrings in his left ear.
Okay.
And have a great day.
We have an open line of Broward, 7679463.
We have one in day 6229463.
Two on a Palm Beach and out of townlines.
One triple eight 4749463.
So why doesn't he tell us you won that award?
You might have liked him a little bit better, George.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Oh, boy.
See, that's that monkey.
See monkey.
Do monkey.
See monkey.
Do it.
Isn't that pathetic?
I mean, I can't really can't believe that this little Julio would come on to you here on a high class on an important radio show and say something like that.
I had one in my mouth once.
Two open lines in day 6229463.
6222.
W-I-O-D.
All your little Julios out there.
The busy playing with each other.
Just give it a rest.
Let it heal up for a few minutes and relax.
Okay.
Take a deep breath and get out your bagpipe.
It's my bag, boy.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hello.
Neil, thanks for taking my call.
And thanks for calling 610W-I-O-D.
I'll tell you that little brat that Karen Kay, I got to tell you something.
It is amazing what goes on in that show.
That's a big joke.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, sir.
I'm trying to restrain myself, but yesterday I lost control.
It's a little brat though.
Because I have never heard such contrived, such embarrassing.
I mean, taken one little paragraph.
I mean, if that's what somebody thinks is homework, if that's what somebody believes is the idea of motivating people to call and getting people to tune in and listen.
And somebody needs some serious help.
Can you believe that the sex one, the sex there is actually about five times better than this one?
Randy Rhodes is like Einstein in comparison.
Yeah, Randy started to look pretty good right now.
I got to tell you that.
You've had even on the mat him on a couple of times filling in spots.
Even he was better than this.
Yeah.
This is horrendous though.
What's going on?
Even Randy, even Randy Martin is starting to look good.
Is that the guy on after her?
No, that was a broad that we had on like 80 years ago.
Do I remember Randy Martin?
No, I don't.
Who's the guy that's on now just trying to break in who sounds so morbid.
It's not funny.
Oh, ski, Mara ski for Tamsky.
ski, ski, ski, Nino ski, whatever his name is there.
I mean, he's also what's his story?
You don't even, I see you don't even talk about this one because he really blows.
Well, he's he's like Karen Jr.
She's breaking him in.
She's training.
Yeah, I was just going to say she's training him and how not to do a talk show.
Tell me, you think they all went to the Connecticut School of Broadcasting?
I think they went to Bowder College and took a course that John Ford taught.
Neil, thank you in closing.
Peter, Consolidant, look me.
Okay.
So anyway, he forgot the chic.
How could we forget the chic?
There was another real winner.
See, are these people all tone deaf, all these program directors and consultants?
Don't they have a rear an ear?
Can't they hear something?
Can't they hear with their own two ears?
If somebody sounds, forget about good or bad.
Just beginning like they even belong on ear in the first place.
Like the chic.
Remember, he's Neil Rogers without the drops in like Warren, Chromarty.
Oh, sorry.
And like, and like squeaky voice kids like that that I don't want to mention no names,
but who obviously don't belong on the ear.
You know what I'm talking about?
How can you call yourself a program?
Anything?
How can you call yourself a radio person and put somebody like that on a ear whose voice is annoying
as hearing something on a blackboard?
One of those eight awful sounds, man.
Terrifying.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Great.
First time caller.
All right.
Hey, listen, what's going on with his OJ guy, man?
You know, he went to trial, you know?
He was, you know, he was on a credit.
What's going on?
Yeah, what about the second trial?
Oh, forget about the second trial, man.
It's like one trial.
Oh, forget about this, son.
You just pick, you just pick and choose whatever is convenient for you, huh?
No, you don't have any.
Yeah, blow me, get out of here.
We have two open lines in date.
622-946-3622-WYOD.
Another little argumentative spec, try to stir up a bunch of crap.
Hey, what's going on with his OJ stuff?
Yeah, come on, get a life, get something to say, get some material, okay?
You know, huh?
You know, you know what?
You know, he kept saying, you know.
Did he?
I didn't know.
Two open lines in date.
We've had a magnificent day here today.
It's been sensational.
We had a great lunch, which even Harry Penis was involved in and enjoyed.
And licked every drop and the food, too.
What the hell is not to like?
And we ended up all of a sudden we're being dragged down into the mongue
by a few Holy O's out there who just can't get over the fact that they have that
grotesque elephant-like sleeve that they can't get off their bodies.
They keep yanking on it and tugging it and it won't go away.
They keep pulling and pushing and yanking and twisting and that damn thing just will not disappear.
But I can't help you, man.
I can't help you unless you want to grow up and go for the big one.
As in...
I have no foreskin.
143 at WYOD, you know, if you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new.
And I know every time I say that, you think, but this guy exaggerates just a little bit.
I've told you 45 million times that I never exaggerate.
And I don't, not in this case.
I mean, dry concepts does such a beautiful job on your carpeting.
Everybody's going to say, look at that.
You, it's such a big spender.
You must have hit the lottery.
You got brand new carpeting installed all over the house.
And guess what? You didn't, but you can tell him you did if it makes you feel better.
If you want to be a big hush-pender.
Because dry concepts have that unique patented method they've been doing for years and years and years down here.
That sucks out the deepest down dirt.
Way down there in your fibers of your carpet makes your carpets look brand new.
Keeps them clean or a hell of a lot longer.
Your carpets smell lemony fresh because they apply this in fact that as they do in a job.
And of course they give you a written guaranteed price upfront.
By the time they get done, the carpets dry in two or three hours, you're ready to go with a big smile on your purse.
And a nice little rose that they bring you to when a job is done, look out for the pricks.
So if you want a great job, your carpets look brand new and your furniture and drapery and whatever else you want clean.
Like a magic, like a miracle, call our good friends and dry concepts.
Man, nobody does it like them.
Endade 930 36 36.
930 36 36.
Inbroward 581 47 39.
581 47 39.
And in Palm Beach 930 47 39.
They are simply the best in the business dry concepts.
610 WIOD.
Where you don't have to slip through this.
Ah, everybody, this is Regisville.
And this is Kathie Lee Gifford.
Chuchos, will you shut up?
Just stop.
To get to this, let's get that going.
And let's get...
I told you we'd have a lot of laughs today, baby.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, there it is, now I'm starting to laugh like she does.
It's like a freaking...
Hahaha.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
The counter continues.
Countdown.
5, 4, 3, 2...
610 WIOD.
Hey, asshole.
8 sounds that you hate.
But I'm an idiot.
And I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't handle one or two.
Much less all eight.
Eight sounds that you hate.
I'm in from the boys.
They will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Caron Tee, you'll go, yeah.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck for their knuckles.
When I rough style a full together,
That just makes me shun-
Hahaha.
8 sounds you can't stand.
But you could tolerate if you were a half a man I am.
And to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Here's what I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah.
That's more like it.
