610 W I O D. Present the Neil Rogers show.
To talk with Neil, call 622 W I O D and date.
767 W I O D and Broward.
Mobile won an AT&T wireless customer can call toll free at pound I O D.
And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-W I O D.
And now, the Neil Rogers show.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Thanks to the state of California, Ibonics has become an official language.
But on the east coast in Brooklyn, Pisannix is ruling the street.
I used guys check out the f***ing bambenos on that broad and get a load of her poop.
English translation, I really enjoy her company.
So last night, I banged the hell out of this sh** in this real classy joint.
English translation, I made love to her in the back of my Camara.
Yeah, yeah. I'm the main penance director. We're all the youth hang out.
English translation, I'm a janitor at the elementary school.
If you'd like to get your copy of Hooked on Pisannix,
just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope and shove it under the back door of Mario's over on the west side.
And we'll be in touch.
Hey, Pisann, did he didn't say Mario, did he?
I went at Banny Tier, they explored 15 goals for on four of how he'd just buy.
The auger bursting back in, he gives a f***ing bamboos.
He's so, so scoffed, he tied the game.
Very on the mute, get it on.
The pen was making four four.
I'm calling on a slick, procternal query on the mute.
Well, that was some game last night to watch,
which of course, unless you had the small dish, you didn't see it too bad.
If you don't have the small dish, what are you thinking about, huh?
So you will get 700 solicitation calls every other day,
but it's worth it.
If you don't have that dish, man, you ain't watching squat.
How about those marlins?
Nobody cares, but they're three and three and one.
Exactly right.
And they're doing it.
Alex Fernandez, the view was a major success.
Kona, it's a grand slam.
Nobody cares, but they had 30, what was it?
32,000 people there last night.
You see, in order to make the two and a half million that somebody was writing about the other day
who doesn't have a column today, by the way, and if he did, he still wouldn't apologize to David Albert's dream.
But at any rate, in order to make two and a half million,
they got an average 30,000 a game.
A little more than that, which may not sound like much, you know, at first glance,
since we did three million the first year, but that was the novelty factor.
They got an average at least 30,000 a game.
Just keep that in mind unless you want to lose your baseball team, okay?
I mean, I'm not going, but don't worry about me.
So more stuff in the newspaper again this morning, huh?
More stuff in the sun.
Sentinel, more stuff in the hero.
I'll tell you one thing.
At least Barry Jackson's found some other stuff to write about.
Not too exciting.
Is there too much Marlins on TV?
And is that going to hurt the attendance?
Good point, Barry, for a change.
That's an interesting topic.
Do you think there's too many games on?
And watching the games free.
If you can sit in your living room comfortably, especially in July and August when it's going to be 140 degrees in the shade,
would you rather sit on your ass at home and watch the game free?
Or would you rather go out there for like 20 or 25 bucks and sweat your ass off and fight with the mosquitoes as big as bowling balls?
That's the question everybody's asking.
So I guess we'll wait and find out.
But then at the end of his article, which this just seems to become positive in our local newspapers lately,
more speculation, more stuff.
Before we get to that, here's Rodgers' quote of the day.
Wait a minute.
Rodgers' quote of the day.
Oh, I'm sorry, quote of the day.
Oh, thank God I didn't take a quote of the day.
Rodgers' Cross, our corporate sales hole, our plastic sales guy who's in the building on Understand.
His quote of the day is,
generosity is giving more than you can and pride is taking less than you need.
Which I think what he's trying to say is pride is working for Paxton taking less than you need.
How do I ride your ass-wing Roberts about that?
Ha, ha, ha.
That's the people with their talent checks every month.
Take it less than you need, less than you earned, less than you deserve.
It's the Paxton Way.
Thank you very much, Rodgers.
That's a nice silk suit you're wearing too, by the way.
All plastic people wear nice expensive silk suits.
10.05 at WIOD.
So anyway, Barry Jackson writes today,
as the rumor mill continues all around town, they're all doing it, baby.
He writes WQAM sales staff is telling advertisers that WIOD's Neal Rodgers will join WQAM by October.
But WQAM says it is not ready to make the announcement.
Norman Kent, Roger's attorney says the deal is close.
WQAM has made a multi-million dollar offer that blows away WIOD's offer, Kent said.
End of quote by Barry Jackson.
Pretty short today, Barry.
And thank you so much for not putting in all the misinformation that some people were feeding you out of one of mentioned Jay Hoker by name.
Then anyway, on the inside second page made people in the news again today.
We're getting almost as big as Howard George.
We just mentioned a few of zeros on a paychecks.
People in the news, no ugly picture today, no fat ol ugly picture today.
But Rodgers to pitch for sports station, it says,
and it doesn't have anybody's name signed to this one.
So I guess Jic is too embarrassed to keep putting it as long as they don't put their name on it.
They don't have to say, well, we made him made him another mistake.
The embarrassment factor may be limited.
Rodgers to pitch for sports station, it says, as in opposed to catch, which thank you very much for that.
Because there are a lot of people out there wondering, is he going to be pitching wherever he's going to be, or is he going to be catching?
Probably neither, although their softball team is pretty weak.
It says WIOD 610AM talk personality, Neil Rogers, has tendered his resignation to station owner,
Paxon Communications, effective September 30th said Rodgers attorney, Norman Kent, on Thursday night.
Kent also confirmed that Rodgers likely will move to all sports station WQAM 560AM.
WQAM made an offer that blew Paxon out of the water, and Paxon said they couldn't match it Kent said.
Rodgers makes an estimated $500,000 annually on his current contract.
Where do they come up with these numbers?
Wrong. Rodgers announced on the year two weeks ago we had signed a new contract with Paxon through 2002.
However, Paxon never received the signed contract.
Thank God.
I mean, so that's the end of that quote from the Sun Sentinel this morning,
is the speculation continues and on and on it goes, all I can say is,
I don't know.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil, this is really exciting.
What is that?
That you're getting out of there.
Yeah, who said that?
I guess Jirka did.
Whoever wrote that said, yeah, Norman Kent said it.
No, but Paxon, they're a bunch of idiots.
They let Phil Henry go, they're letting you go.
I mean, two of the greatest talents in radio.
What about the dolphins?
What about the dolphins?
What about the dolphins?
The dolphins, Mandage Default.
Yeah.
What about what's it?
Juan Mendiera.
Are they going to put Alan Burke back mid days?
Dig him up?
Yes.
Are you really going, Neil?
Am I going what?
QAM.
I don't know.
All right, Neil.
Good luck.
You know that old saying, the less said the better?
Yep.
I show up here every day, don't I?
Yep.
Every single day, I show up here.
What Paxon, you're an asshole.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Okay, there's a good call to get us started this morning.
Oh, man.
You know, it's amazing how this time you couldn't,
you couldn't keep anything quiet in this town for more than five minutes if you're like,
if they held a gun, if they stuck a gun deep inside your rectum,
they put an oozzy up in there.
You still couldn't keep it quiet because basically what this town is all about,
it's Yanta Central.
Everybody's got stories.
Everybody's got stories.
Everybody, not only Joe Zagaki up there with his big eyebrows and loose lip,
everybody is hocking back and forth and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And let me say it again.
The limited number of baseball fans we have out there,
they think that the big topic of conversation is that the Marlins are off to this great start,
that Alex Fernandez pitched a good game that Keith Brock,
Kevin Brown pitched a great opening game,
seven inning one, hitter, et cetera, and so on.
They're not talking about that in the dugout.
They're talking about his neal really leaving.
Oh, exactly.
I have that unvery good authority, by the way,
from people who have been very close right there in the locker room,
right up close in personal, right under those steamy shower heads.
That's where I'm getting the information, so make no mistake about that.
So it's an all-request Friday.
It's all we're going to play jingles today.
We got, we're going to kill four hours today because it feels like holiday, doesn't it?
And there was no traffic this morning.
I mean, if people earlier in the week missed their opportunity to get there a lot of this town,
they sure are taking that chance this week at Paxen Headquarters,
a major Messiah, they say, I say,
I say, you say, Messiah.
Here's Delray on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Wow, ten years of listening to you.
I will follow you anywhere.
I don't know if you're going to be leaving or what you're going to be doing,
but wherever you go, we're going to be there.
Yeah, of course.
And, you know, I think everyone is aware of that.
I don't know.
I don't think Paxen really wants you around.
Yeah.
I think deep down inside, they don't want you're kind.
You know, you're spewing all this great stuff and we love it.
Yeah.
But I don't think you fit in.
I mean, they don't want some Jew-fag atheists down here.
No, I don't think so.
I mean, I think they want some total line liberal conservative,
over conservative crazy man out there, breaking into us.
I'll tell you, Rush Limbaugh, they already have the rights to that INZ.
I think it'll be great when they start samolcasting Rush on IOD and IOD.
That should be pretty good.
Don't let them change you.
Don't let them change anything.
Don't let who change me.
Anybody.
They're not.
Anybody change you or tell you what to say or do.
Yeah.
They just like you are.
No, Walter Sabos is, we got to have a lot shorter call,
so I have a great day.
And thanks for listening to 610, WIO Day.
We have an open line and they out, I can't stop doing that.
She stopped doing that because I love Brooke and I got a very nice note from her this morning.
I was so angry yesterday and she says that she's not being manipulated by Walt Sabo at all,
that she only keeps the call short when they happen to be boring.
No, wrong.
Well, that's what she said.
I mean, I'm not wrong about the manipulation part, but believe me, I mean, just relax.
Once she's here long enough, she'll discover that you can't afford short calls.
Not in this time.
You got a milk one for what each one is worth.
Because if you're going to have like short calls, you better hope that you have like 7,000 calls in three hours,
which is what she's on now from 6 to 9.
And that business about getting, I get, you know, I don't care what anybody says.
That's a contrived thing getting those call it.
We mentioned the call it is a zillion times.
In fact, every time you give the phone number out, which we give them a lot.
We have the phone numbers as part of WIO Day.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
So rather than saying, thanks for calling 610 to be, oh, I hate that.
I hate it.
It makes my skin crawl.
Not just on this station.
Any station I'm listening to where they're doing talk.
And they say, thanks for calling WRKO.
Oh, get out of here already.
We know what station we're listening to.
Some asshole consultant told you to keep saying that.
See, I hate to break the news to you, but you can keep saying the call letters a million times an hour.
And if people aren't listening, the ones who aren't listening aren't going to hear the call letters.
Oh, no.
You didn't say that, did you?
Let me say it again.
Maybe the ones who are listening don't know what they're listening to.
Yeah.
Well, if they're listening to WRKO, I mean, I believe that.
Although my good friend, Jerry Williams is still there.
They pump him up with oxygen every morning and he's still alive.
Jerry is 98 years old this week.
He's still on your Hocken at China.
He still sounds exactly the same as he did 35 years ago and he's still doing a job.
Atta boy, Jerry.
Jerry Williams, man, I'll tell you one thing.
Jerry is a great, great, great legendary talent in the history of talk radio.
But when we worked together at WNWS in 1980, I will say this.
He was one of the few people I ever worked with who made me feel beautiful.
That's how ugly, Jerry.
I mean, he's a great guy, but he's got a face and a body for radio.
I mean, I'm ugly, but believe me, Jerry Williams is just a real strain is looking dude.
Isn't it amazing how all of us ugly people wind up on radio?
I mean, beautiful people like what's a guy and meet the press that I can't stand that asshole.
That liberal, a licking, what the hell is his name with the real red complexion where they'll always look like his skin is falling apart.
On meet the press, come on.
Tim, I don't want to show him.
Tim, russard.
Oh, God.
Well, he's no Lawrence Spivak.
I'll tell you that.
Now, you're not old enough to remember Lawrence Spivak, are you?
Do you remember Bill Monroe who used to say a bastion because he was from New England on the meet the press?
See, that shows the, I believe, the longest running show in America on TV.
The longest running show in North America on TV is hockey, night in Canada.
How do you like that?
But anyway, there used to be a guy named Lawrence Spivak who was the first host of each of the press who was on the front.
He had these dark, real dark, black rimmed glasses, you know, and was kind of a short, uh, no me look.
I mean, really, really, no me and homely today.
Lawrence Spivak could never get on the air.
He could never, he wouldn't get on the air for two minutes today.
See, back in the early days in television, if you were like a good journalist, you'd be on the air.
They didn't care what you looked like, but today unless you're like a cannon Barbie doll, forget it, you ain't getting on.
Unless you look as lovely as like, say, Brian or cross 1014, a W or like, uh, Dwight Lauderdale or else Sunshine or Al Sunshine who's
Hocking with those arms man. He's Hocking with those big who Dave game or Dave game. He's off the air.
He was a little bit too lovely, like in all parts, like two lovely all over the screen.
Now, maybe when we get HDTV since it's been approved now, we get the big wide screen.
I think Dave game is going to make a comeback.
All right, 1015 at W I O D.
610 W I O D.
Uh, I think it's hard to think, see?
I believe we're ready now, though.
Congratulations, Mr. Jackson. Here's your new baby boy.
Would you prefer a paper or a plastic?
That's the clear. I can't wait to get your room, shall we?
And show you your new pants are fine.
You're my big three dish baby.
What a lovely way to perpetuate my dead appeal, ya.
I'm big three dish baby.
Shemou, you won't need a grip, cos I'll cut it up close to beauty.
Oh, I want you to hold it.
Oh, to find you and grow up made.
You'll get all you're deserving.
My love will be unswerving.
Until you reach 13, you'll my big three dish baby.
Come on, sit on that is life.
He has a game to play with you.
Daddy wants you to find the magic three.
Oh, Shemou.
10, 19 and W I O D.
What a thought, huh?
Anyway, we have two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three.
All are proud.
It's gonna be a very slim day today and I'm very well prepared for that.
I would like to pass along a message by the way that the packs and people,
including my close personal friend Peter Bulger,
and that is so much paranoia is really quite unnecessary, okay?
We are not gonna be erasing all the stuff out of the DCS.
We're not gonna be spiriting stuff out of here.
We're not gonna be doing anything devious or devious.
Well, maybe devious, but certainly not devious.
And I just continue showing up every day and George does the same.
And we continue doing our damnedest and best and banging our head against the wall
to try to stimulate a couple of calls out here and entertain the troops.
And they'll just do it.
But for some strange reason, there seems to be this lack of trust that exists.
Like, which day are they gonna come in there and we're gonna come in the next day
and the whole place will be empty.
Now, we have had people that we've worked with over the last several years
who were like that.
I don't want to mention anybody by name, but I'm sure you can think of one or two, George,
who, if you like, left on a Friday and came in Monday morning,
maybe everything in the building might be gone, might,
or maybe most of the stuff that was movable and wasn't tied down.
By the way, that is a very nice Sony TV that we have up in the wall.
And that other monitor, that NEC monitor,
is looking pretty damn appealing to me right now too, that you come down to it.
I would love for that to be my home computer.
So when do we have to turn in our card key?
Oh, man, talk about lack of trust.
It just wounds me to the quick as a radio professional of so many years
having worked with some of these people in the past
that their paranoia is so deep that they really believe
that we're gonna come in here and spirit crap out of here.
I mean, what is in here anyway that we would want to spirit out of here?
Like, I think, it's hard to think, see?
Oh, we can't do a show without that.
Yeah.
Oh, let's take that.
What about...
Stake in touch.
The new IoT.
What about that? Should we leave that?
How about...
We apologize.
We're taking that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir. Happy Friday.
Then back to you.
Happy April 4th.
Yeah.
You'll quad-throw the Abriel.
Yep, that's it.
Hey, mainly just calling to thank you for the hockey tickets
that you gave me about a month ago.
Which game was that?
Bruins.
Oh.
And the Bruins.
Yeah, we lost the game, but...
That was bad.
Against the girls team, which by the way, the Rangers had a 5-1 lead.
They had a 4-0 and then a 5-1 lead last night against the Bruins.
And the Bruins made it 5-4 and they made it pretty damn nerve-wracking
there in the last couple of minutes for the Rangers who just had a mediocre win last night.
Well, at home.
At home.
I was calling about that and I just wanted to give a little message to Paxton
that I listened to QAM up until 10 o'clock.
I listened to you from 10 to 2.
Yeah.
And then I flipped back over to QAM.
I'm sorry to say, but...
Mm-hmm.
So it...
Oh my God.
I'm sorry?
I said...
Oh my God.
Oh my...
If you happen to leave, I don't think I would be listening to IOD anymore
and I have a feeling there's a lot of people who listen the same hours that I do.
Well, we'll pass it along and thanks for listening to 610 W IOD.
Okay.
And have a great weekend.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
We have an open line in date 622-9463-622-W IOD.
See, when you give those numbers out of many times,
you're getting those call letters in each and every time.
I just mentioned that for all the consultants out there who think they're really sharp.
Instead of doing this very obvious and painfully contrived thing of, oh, you're on 610 W IOD.
And thanks for calling 610 W IOD.
And by the way, this is say, uh, enough already.
I can't stand it.
No matter what the call letters are.
Enough with the crap already, okay?
It's bad.
It's annoying.
And the last thing that we want to do, except on this show, of course,
is annoyed the audience.
The whole purpose of this show is to annoy the audience.
So this show is an exception.
But generally speaking, you would assume that most of the other shows,
one of the things that they would not want to do,
is annoy the crap out of the audience.
When we fail to annoy the audience, we ain't be doing our job.
Here's Palm Beach on a mobile.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When you're home, I went up to the second.
Sounds like Woody to me.
What's that?
I said, yeah, have a great day.
We have an open line on the mobile one purple line at Palm IOD.
We have one in day at 622-24, wasn't it?
Or may it might not have been.
I don't say you sounded too much like Woody for me.
Yeah, close enough.
And the board goes back.
Two open lines in Broward, 767-9463.
So who did you like best on concentration?
Hugh Downs or Art James?
Who else did concentration?
Who did classic?
Wasn't Alex Trebek, was it?
Classic concentration, which, huh?
He might have.
No.
Hugh Downs did it for years.
Then Art James came along.
And he done it and the show too.
And then they brought back classic concentration,
which was like, it might have been Alex Trebek,
who was Canadian by the way,
so he can't be all bad because he's not a frog Canadian.
But on the other hand, it's quite annoying with that jeopardy thing.
Man, people at watch jeopardy should be shot.
Anybody at watch is that show as a pseudo-electual
and a major asshole.
Jeopardy.
Thank you.
Oh, I hate that.
You just watch it because you can't get any of the answers.
What?
Yeah, right.
I don't want the answers.
If I know the answers, I know I'm in trouble.
If I watch that show and I knew any of the answers,
I know I'm an asshole.
I do quite well.
So Don's parto, let's see.
Don's parto is the answer.
Now, who, the first one was, uh, uh,
jeopardy was art Fleming.
Was there somebody in between him and Alex Trebek or not?
No.
I think they're bringing back, uh,
what was the little guy that offed himself on, uh, family feud?
Ray Combs.
I think they're bringing back Ray Combs,
and they're going to just sit him in a chair,
and prop open his mouth and have all his teeth sticking out
and see if he can tell the difference between him and Wink Bartondale.
Maybe they'll bring back Jack Berry.
Joker, Joker, Joker.
Oh, God.
Poor Jack.
Too much time in a slammer, Jack.
He was never the same after that.
Rest in peace.
Remember Jack Berry?
You don't remember Jack Berry from the Joker's wild even?
Oh, okay.
But that was when he was old and feeble,
and guess what?
When he was younger and less feeble,
he still was just as bad and amateurish.
And also was, he was involved in 21.
Didn't you see that movie?
Which I never did get to see, by the way.
And I hear it's very good.
You said it's about Charles Van Doren and Elfriedovon Nardroff.
And the fake show that was, um,
that was Jack Berry and Dan Inwright.
Is that who it was?
Very good.
And it was a fixed show.
Yeah.
And Charles Van Doren, who came from this very wealthy New England family.
Scholars.
You know, of scholars of brilliant like Blunos people from like, you know,
Boston University and Fordham and MIT and whatever they were from.
They were both college professors.
Right.
And Charles Van Doren was on air, taking the big fix.
Taking the big fix.
And I remember one time on the $64,000 question,
which was, and I was with Hal March, which was one of the other shows that was in the scandal that was fixed.
And they had this guy on there.
Oh, they, I also remember they had Winston Churchill's son on Winston Churchill, Jr.
He missed the, let's see, they start with 16.
He missed the second question, the $32 question, which is like, what day of the week it is?
Ah, I, I'm sorry, you're wrong, go.
Seriously.
So here, I guess they were, they were too embarrassed to fix it with him.
That would have been bad.
You know, the Queen would have been pithed off.
And the Queen of England too.
But anyway, there was a guy on there one time.
And Hal March blurred it out the answer.
The first name.
And in fact, I'm going to tell you what a memory I've got.
It was a picture for the Cleveland, it was some question about sports.
And the name of the picture was Jim Bagby.
How do I remember this?
This is a hundred years ago.
And the, this is old Farts in the booth.
You know, every line of these is a miracle.
Here wasn't working.
He couldn't hear their coaching him.
It's Jim.
He couldn't hear it.
So Hal March said, oh, we know you know it.
It's right on the tip of your tongue.
It's for $16,000.
Come on, you can do it.
It's Jim.
Oh, excuse me.
And there was a long pause.
And he said, Jim Bagby.
And Hal March is absolutely right.
I'll take any responsibility about my end.
That was it.
Sirius, I'm not, I remember that one like it was yesterday.
Jim Bagby.
How could I remember that?
That is, that's frightening the way the human mind works.
A man who is so feeble.
A man who's got such bad Alzheimer's that he can't remember where his house is.
He needs a compass and a roadmap, meaning me every day.
They have to lead me home with it.
With it, leapy Lee shows, brings all the arrows and points him in the right direction.
But I can remember Jim Bagby and Hal March on the $64,000 question a zillion years ago
before almost any of you were born.
That is terrifying.
So the answer is, I hate you, pretty boy.
If you watch, you're pretty man.
You're not a friend of mine.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
What?
Oh, here's, here's an old guy.
In fact, there used to be a guy with the same name as this guy before I tell everybody who this is,
who was on the $64,000 challenge.
Yeah, he was so bad they had to have experts over at the desk, because he couldn't remember the answer.
Sonny Fox.
Hi there.
Remember him?
Hey, by the way, are you going to take my drop with you?
Am I going to take, hi, this is Sonny Fox.
You bet.
We want you to keep your, so how are you doing since you did such a good, I guess,
too good of a job filling in there on the morning show.
Yeah, well, it's really amazing radio.
You know, you're lucky, or you're not lucky, you're smart.
You have a good manager and a lawyer.
I've been on my own since mine went to jail.
Yeah.
And I don't know after seven.
I can't imagine who that was.
After 17 years of the top five radio show, I can't get a job.
It's a great, because I don't want to leave time.
I love it here.
Yeah, but the one good thing to notice is that since you left that morning show on magic,
their numbers are tumbling like a brick.
Oh, what are they?
I don't even know.
They're just, they just keep going down and down.
I mean, I can't even see that good anymore to see numbers that small.
That's true.
By the way, you talk about game shows.
Yeah.
I don't know if it was Hal March, somebody else, but do you remember another fixed show called Dotto?
Sure.
They used to draw the lines.
They have to guess what the picture was.
But who was the host on that?
Um, you said his name a few minutes ago.
Not Jack Berry.
No, he was so wrinkled by the time he got done.
He was like an hour.
I always are James.
No, not our James.
No, name out of it.
A few downs.
No.
Uh, Ray Comes.
No, that was a little years later.
Uh, Tom Kennedy.
No.
Jack Nars.
Maybe he was Jack Nars.
Yeah, probably.
Jack Nars was on all those real bogus shows.
Right.
But sunny Fox.
And Jack, Jack Nars was like Tom Kennedy's brother-in-law or something.
Oh, really?
And then there was Alan Ludden.
Well, anyway, if you need someone to replace you, let me know.
Oh, for a convey.
Did, uh, classic concentration brother.
He's dead.
Also, uh, you know, who else is dead?
Alan Ludden.
And now that he's dead, we can mention he was a fag.
And he was married to Betty White, who's, uh, we think, is something else.
Yeah, I was going to say, you remember who he was married to, right?
Betty White.
Yeah.
Does that answer all your questions?
Yeah, I, I, I'll do that.
Let them all do your show for you.
Okay.
Okay.
See you, I.
Good luck.
And back to you.
Okay.
sunny Fox there.
How do you like that?
I don't know what he's wishing me good luck in, because I'm here every day.
I show up day after day after day after day after day.
And everybody's making all kinds of guesses and coming up with all kinds of dates.
I will be here in this chair every day except vacation days and or six days, six days.
I'll be here for a while.
1031 at WIOD.
Oh.
16 WIOD.
When the dawn is in town, she's not listening to us.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Say, boy, let me see your lessons there.
What's the problem, officer?
Go a little fast, won't you?
Say, what's in the back seat?
Uh, nothing.
Crack rock.
Sitting in his back seat, I said crack rock.
You can sell on the street, you can smoke it.
And you'll catch a good buzz just don't get pulled over by the fuzz gay cop.
Singing with a big band, he's a gay cop.
His nice stick in his hand, he got busted.
With three pounds of dope, so bent over and thick of the soap.
The party's over now at J.A.I.L.
You got busted and at J.A.I.L.
You were once a big dog, then you made a big switch.
And Jill, you're just a fuzz bitch.
The party's over now at J.A.I.L.
You got busted and at J.A.I.L.
Probably be great radio to follow that up with prison bitch or with...
Stop us a night!
We have two open lines in date, 6-2-2-9-463-6-2-2.
Max is in the other room walking around with a big smile on his pulse.
He got a cigar as a size of an elephant's repository in there now.
He's got a big one on a cigar too.
And he's on a way out.
He's leaving. He's to them.
Oh man. When he leaves, I'll tell you all the stuff that he said.
And by the way, I echo those emotions.
Anyway, let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
God. I hope you... I hope Rick and Suds...
Are they gonna leave, too?
Are they gonna leave, what?
The station.
Why would they do that? They have a contract through the rest of this year.
I know, but after you're gone, man.
I hope they don't have a no-compete cloth because they need to mine.
They're gonna force packs in the fire if you go.
Yeah.
I never looked at it that way.
Hey, if I should leave here, they'd be the big banana on the block.
Yeah, but the...
They'd be the big enchilada.
They're gonna have some bruises on those bananas.
Well, sometimes you get a bruise on your banana, but you just keep pushing.
Hey, both. They just don't understand, man.
People listen to talent and not the station.
Right.
Well, they don't... they just don't get it.
How many times have you heard me say that in the last six months?
These people don't get it.
They didn't get it before. They don't get it now. They don't do not get it.
They never will.
But I'll tell you, the light bulb stations that have less than a one-shear,
they're great with those.
It's like... they're fodder. It's fodder for their thing.
fodder for their...
Like he said in the Godfather, for your fodder, for your fodder.
And have a great pan. Thanks for listening to 610-W-I-O-Day.
We have an open line a day.
It's 622. I love your brook, but God, if I ever hear you say that again,
I would never hit a woman, but I will come in here with a rusty 2x4
and at least hit something in here, not you, but...
Oh, man, it gives me the willies. It makes my skin crawl.
I get chills and fever and...
Oh!
And start thinking about Bubonic, Plague, and Leoporcy and everything when I hear that.
It's just... I don't know what there is.
Open line and Broward, 7679-463.
Anybody see that Pengwood's Hartford game last night?
Like I said, what a game that was. Oh, sorry. I don't want to talk about Honky.
Anybody see that Marlon Gidden? See one second of that.
Was that on? I guess it was.
Did not see one second of Alex Fernandez,
even with a 300-pound ass, he still beat the crap out of the Cubs.
And I understand I had a frantic call from a Norman Kent,
and I thought this must be something important about all his crap,
and all Mark Grace just pulled it.
And I said, God, I wish I would have seen that.
He pulled us something or other poor Mark Grace and then Sandberg made two errors on opening day.
The Cubs, as usually, have liked that big, big black albatross hanging over their necks.
Even Stanley Dancer can't save him with albatross.
Even Bert James from Windsor, Ontario.
Even Harry Harvey couldn't save albatross and his net of shame.
By the way, Nia Tross is going to make an appearance at the Pompato Park in December.
I just thought I would mention that.
Just thought I'd tossed it in there, okay?
And by the way, Fat Rich's horse came in fifth last night,
because he locked wheels with Bobby Moreo.
I get to call this morning, quarter-day, it's Fat Rich.
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
Thank you for calling 610WYOD.
18M old lady she got her pissed.
Yeah.
And a plunge of her brains out.
But you had a good time though right?
Yeah.
There you go.
That's all that counts.
You only live once man.
Yeah.
It's only money.
It's great and too.
I wouldn't get one of them small dishes.
Right.
And the cable come to give it some hard time.
I ripped the cable on them.
I've opened the door and slung it in there.
I'm going to stick it up for fun.
All right.
Excellent.
They sure will try to get some.
All right.
But I cannot do a shameless request.
Yes sir.
If you still got that one where my friend, Klim,
who lives in a big double wide,
remember that one?
It's been a while.
My friend, Klim lives in a big double wide.
Yeah.
Because my friend, Klim, lives in a big double wide.
It's not a...
Sure.
Whatever you say.
I think you just sung it.
You do done it.
Yeah.
It's not that one that I've just been circumcised.
But I know you got that one.
I've just been circumcised.
Yeah.
We have such a thing as that.
Yeah.
We don't have that.
We're talking about a leg like Tina Turner.
Oh, just been circumcised.
Yeah.
You've got to get the names right.
Okay pal.
Okay.
Let's do this.
See ya.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
You had that bass for me.
Is it the bass, Em?
Oh okay.
These music triplets,白...
I like it.
Try.
Wow. 1042 at WIOD. I wanted it. And I guess we better do the break, okay? Because it's
an all-request Friday. We got a lot of pressure here. Come up with stuff that we never heard
of before, like Clemen the Double Y. We have an open line in Broward, 7679463, 7677WIOD.
And thanks for listening, by the way, to whatever this is. So anyway, if you want to put a
big round run in your post like Max has got right now in the other room, he's got a big,
dark round run in his post. 610 WIOD. I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
We got what you need. It's the morning show. You're waking musically. Can you believe this?
When the daylight's breaking, your radio is making. I went into this, you know, the thing you got here,
the book for the rock comedy stuff. And I had something specific that I wanted to play and I looked
it up and I thought, hey, here it is. I found it. And I put my finger on it and it's not the right thing.
How do you like that? It's number 180 and I got 180 on the thing. I'm like, what's this? What's
this? This number 180? Week of 11695. Oh, it's the wrong week. Uh-oh. What does that mean?
But it still says 180. Yeah, but I got what it's 180 on the sheet for 116 and 1113. This is 1113
and 1120. Oh my God. Wow. It's probably another part of our plot that we got to screw this whole
library up, isn't it? Which I had nothing to do with that. I don't- boy, that is a frightening thing.
Now, what about this other one? Should I try the other one? Because this one says, oh, God.
Oh, you know something? Somebody screwed up because this is a contemporary comedy network disc.
Not the rock. This is a contemporary stinking. It's a CC and- oh, and it's a CC and like I said,
I screwed up. I didn't realize you put that crap in there. Did you- did you know that you put
this crap in here? Yeah, sure. Yeah, they, you know, we want that crap. Nobody wants to hear that.
Just hanging around in envelopes and stuff. In fact, let's leave that stuff. Nobody wants that.
Of course, we're leaving that stuff. Oh, Jesus. I was going to clean it up the clutter and get
everything out of those, uh, see, see, and I would wish that on a light bulb. They wouldn't play
that crap. But did you hear that thing? Two discs in each slot. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly.
And look what I just did. I'm so nervous now. I'm taking the disc out of the thing which you already
got it in. That's how panicky I am because these things are mislabeled and they're going to start
getting all paranoid. Oh, we know it. It's a plot. We do. You couldn't trust that son of a bitch.
Don't trust that little lost pick either. How much for a kiss? Thank God. How much for a kiss?
Could I get it for an equal could I get it for a quarter in cost
for money that I'll miss? How much for one? How much for a
good deal? No, can I touch your
I need can I touch your I need good attention for a nickel could I touch it for a
court okay I don't have to remind me I've got no money to spend whoa oh oh
hold you be my friend a time could take us far if you'll please get in my car
and I'll say to you how much for a home job how much for a home job could I get
it for a nickel could I get it for a quarter can I have for a home job yeah a
home job I probably wonder why did I go through a lot of trouble I want to
inspire me to play that at this particular moment well we just played the
promo we was talking about seeing the W.I.D. Hummer this weekend and I thought
wouldn't that be a great segue but I think it lost something in translation with
the three minutes in between of pochking around so my profuse apologies you
believe it are you buying it when's Jeff Cohen coming with our Friday company
lunch by the way which we are starving over here our good friend Jeff Cohen
from pizza law to I'm sure is gonna bring lots and lots of good stuff for us
any he better or I'm gonna talk about the stuff that I saw why I don't want to
go into that here's a crawl springs hello yeah sir speaking of hum dry that
sounded like their negotiations with you could they get you for a nickel could they
get you for a dime now you're a little bit high that's right well I just want to
call if I had had a radio accident that new chick they got on after nine if I
wanted to play a song about negotiations with packs that have played pennies
from heaven yeah and you're absolutely right me I listen to that new girl I
thought it was gonna be Brooke I thought maybe Brooke had called in sick and you
call I did the call of calls on that show and says hello and she says thanks for
calling thanks for calling right is that what she said well I don't know
but she doesn't say that but the guy doesn't people don't get a word out and she's
already hanging up on them yeah thanks for calling I OD calling and I'm thinking
what is she talking about I can't get anybody to even talk on the radio here she
hung up on them it's this this concept it's a Walter Sable thing I don't care
anybody denies it because we had a seminar way back in October and Walter
Sable went up there and told us that the the shorter you keep the calls the younger
the listeners which of course is ridiculous right on the face of it because you
can keep the short calls to two seconds and if you're not talking about something
that young people on here about they're not going to listen anyway so what is
that head you know but you're talking about not to be a yet calling yeah not to be
a yento but Tom jicca got four hours out of you yesterday on the light bulb no no
he did Tom jicca was on who show I think he was filling in for Craig
worthy yeah who was that new chick they got on I'm forced to turn over to
somebody else yeah I don't blame him and they had Tom jicca was on last night
you're talking about how Neil's doing this and Neil's doing that yeah guess who
he says gonna take your place who's that the done deal deep pain yeah oh I'm
was fell off I'm was fell off the road right now I was drove off the road from your
mouth to God's rear I said now there's a guy who can't make it on a one-watch
station could these people really be that dumb
just just just just just just tell me what your problem is wow but I got to say
this Neil and you're just was he serious when he was saying that you know I
believe he was he's being keen on this station he keeps saying that again like if
they don't like Neil the Jew they're gonna like Steve did you yeah yeah but I do
got to say one thing for you Neil I think if I think someone else had said it I
think everybody who listens to a that's not listening to your show is listening
to the clam probably yeah so it's just gonna be a double killing if you leave
okay whatever that means all right and give time a big kiss on a vault spot
well and ask him how the chemo's coming wow I think he I think he's on the
FTL payroll though is he saying all the talent they got over there he was talking
about the great talent they got on a like oh if he had his you don't think that
Steve put him up to that show do you know I'm just saying if he had his way he'd
have Alice and Steve Kane over there already with him oh my god Alice Rand
tell him Steve can on W I O D oh what can I tell you oh maybe they'll just
simulcast all right but I'll be listening forward to listening for the dog
McLean show on your show no no chance no chance you don't they don't tell my
lips you love well thanks for calling 610 thank you W I O D we have an
open line at day 629 4 6 3 so Tom jikas says Steve Kane's gonna be doing mid
days whoo man I saw that coming you really believe that they're gonna turn it
into the bright light bulb I don't believe it for a half a second I don't
believe it for a 1 million for a millisecond I mean I know there's a lot of
dumb people in this company they have several different degrees dumb dumb or
endummest which I think is the name of the law firm that represents them but
at any rate Steve Kane in this slot in this chair oh my god almighty the thought of
it makes me just want to start smacking my lips and talk about that good
parmesan cheese by the way speaking of parmesan cheese where the hell's Jeff
Cohen already we have an open line in Broward 7679 4 6 3 7 6 7 W I O D it's 10
55 at W I O D you're hallucinating nothing just happen 16 W I O D Miami Ford
Lauderdale it's Friday you best it comes on again we're gonna have some fun
it comes on again everybody grab your gun nuclear bombs exploding your flash
will melt right off society eroding a cancerous bloody cough it comes on
again we're gonna have some fun it comes on again everybody grab your gun
people starving in the street you can flesh for me before horsemen come it on
here comes arm again put on a happy face here comes arm again the end of the
human race oh we're just having a little conversation here we were
speculating it's 11 oh one at W I O D happy Friday to you we were going
Bup Bup Bup and enjoying it too enjoy your cigar there Max and have a great day
and thanks for listening to 6 10 here's a lady in plantation hello hi Neil
yes ma'am hi happy Friday happy Friday I just had a couple of things on my mind
and I've been holding a long time so I'm gonna start with I listen to these
idiots who call up and say you're not friendly at the games and that's that's a
bunch of B.S. B.S. bunch of bull crap I came over to you with my kids during the
pantheist Toronto game and you could not have been more gracious that's right I
mean it was it was fantastic oh now I'm getting beat it's probably one of the
solicitors that call your house uh-huh so you're not home for the call in me yeah
and um second thing you were talking about the game shows um we think over here
that Robert C. Lewis did concentration after he was down Robert C. Lewis
Robert C. Lewis was dead by for a hundred years by that time well then this Robert
C. Lewis what show is he on way way way way back I loved Robert C. Lewis I liked
him he was a professional panelist he did to tell the truth with with Tom Poston
and Colin right right Peggy Cass and Orthon Bean right he had black glasses and a
list he had a list Robert C. Lewis had a list kind of like a speech him
pet of it I know remember that I'll tell you show I really loved was Panamom quiz
with Mike Stooky oh that's before my time Stooky Stooky Stooky and Hans Connryd was
on there I remember him and uh and who was the little guy that used to be on
uh the tonight show the first one the a little of a short guy more Amsterdam oh
yeah he was always on Panamom quiz am I any ginkgold and uh-hans Connryd I remember them
yeah um and now we of course have stuck with art Fleming who we hate we like we like
art Fleming though well what's art Fleming on well he did uh- jeopardy the original
jeopardy yeah but he's not on any more is he yeah he's dead he's dead I think he's not
he's alive art Fleming is not dead he might as well be but he's not I think he lives
in Lake Worth okay or should be okay so um I just wanted to make those comments okay
and don't forget I need to have a great day okay one more thing yes if I have to listen
to Steve Kane talk about his penis injections and Laurie I'm as nauseous as you are okay
good luck he'll thanks bye bye we have an open line at Broward 767 946 3 767 WID what do you
smoke now man they're lighting up all kinds of things near the room some of them are not even
cigars this is a licensiado Toro a licensiado Toro from our buddy at Mike's our Paisan just came
yesterday I haven't smoked one of these before and the first and it's excellent and the
first is excellent the multi band very yummy very mild and young multi band it's 1104 at W I O D
dodee chi a quadro here's key lago hello Neil yes sir yeah um I want to talk to you about that
Alex Alex Trebek yeah he was on classic concentration well that's what I thought yeah you're right now
now it's coming back because they used to give right and they used to give cars away right right
but that's not the reason I'm calling that was done for what about 20 minutes and then they cancelled
yeah yeah didn't last too long yeah it sucked yeah anyways but no I just want to say that
that might mean he how come they're not getting any respect down here I know they they pounded
who was it Indiana or whoever they be they just pounded the living snot out of them last night
that's NBA record right record right right they're smoking it nobody even talking about it so they
don't even exist yeah I'll think about the panthers in the marlins now yeah and just wait till
the dolphin start playing okay that's right there you won't even have room for a basketball
between your knees it's okay it's that's because I'm not a basketball fan but they deserve a lot
of respect right that's right they're doing it all right see the state the stadium and it's
plus plus of course this is your heat station so we ought to be you know what I'm saying yeah we
are with these pretend we care about it but he's like nobody cares about that even though we don't
and they're doing really good this season yes they are let's congratulate Mickey Erison and Pat Riley
and zoe and zee and doe and ray and me and the heat we love them all right and we especially love
halberstam and by the way Mike Mayo still hasn't apologized in the paper yet well anyways you know
can you guys shame with your question yes sir I think black eye name then yeah we're what what
what George where is that that's not I don't know if it's in there well why wouldn't it be
maybe huh it's not well then it's not one of those that I gave you I'll tell you what I'm going to
find it if it's the last thing I do okay can I do one more thing yes sir yeah
John Owen to the douchebag okay pal all right thanks a great day we have an open line in day at 622
9463 yeah that must be on one of those that I gave you the kind of slip through the crack
not a mini disc no oh one of those that were stealing not I just want to say that stuff to get
to them really more paranoid how can they be so paranoid my good friend Pete Bulge I mean talk
about trust trust is a word that is not in the vocabulary of these people I just cannot I it's
just warns me to the quick doesn't surprise me because that's the nature of the business they're all
real you know they think that everybody else is a sneaky and underhanded as they are like we're
gonna go like spiriting stuff out of the DCS and even though it did practically take a stroke to
get the DCS in here in the first place so we could like actually have our stuff over here like
the croppy are bigger and better than I've ever seen them exactly like that or like and that's a big
right exactly we have an open line at day at 622 9463 622 wiod here's now did I hang up on you
before because I thought you were Woody I don't know who you're talking I do is rob from Boston oh
you're not Woody you're not Woody no no no I'm sorry I would I talk to like every two years
every time I come down here yeah yeah I hang up on you you hung up at me accidentally oh sorry no
was not an accident okay I'm sorry I don't know anyway I'm right from Boston my front of Craig
worthy right right I used to stay down staying with him for the weekend this weekend from
me said he's not on the air left and I hope he's on the air because I'm I'm out of the way
to his house right now from Palm Beach and I'm I hope he's gonna be there to stay with anyways what
what does that mean no I'm just saying somebody said time jikki filled in from last night doesn't
mean that he's not home or something I know I know I'm I'm gonna call right after this anyways I'm
I'm I just moved to Boston I'm from messages but I listened to Jerry Williams all the time right and
I didn't know if you talked to him recently but he's not on the air anymore on the weekdays he's not
no he's been bumped to weekends he's been bumped to weekends yes two hours two hours on
Saturday and two hours on Sunday that's it are you sure yeah I believe I listen to RKO 24 hours
a day practically oh it's starting to have an effect except for how we car if you know him he's
a more honest no I don't anyways now listen dick science not still on there is he no oh thank god no
I can tell you I've been doing it on your believe me I listen all day long okay so I guess once
Jerry turned to hit the century mark once he got to a hundred they took him off the year on a
I mean I really he still sounds the same as he did thirty five years ago I'm I was never born then
so well I was I was in fact I lived in Boston in the early 60s and Jerry Williams was on
here back in those days that's right with Arnie Ginsburg and Melvin X Melvin and those guys I don't
remember I was supposed to meet you like 50 times Craig was always gonna bring me over to meet you and
I never got a chance to meet you let's keep it that way anyway you gave me some CDs a couple years
ago two years ago I called yeah some CDs it sent one and then it's another one and somebody stole
them when I moved yeah anyway I could get some of those sent to my house in Boston when I get
back I'm going back next Monday no no no why what were they you know you're Neil Roger CDs 94 95
what we might have you know 96 and 90 you five stuff around yeah George will tell you what to do
I mean I'm so badly and like I say I'm still on Rome right now for my phone because
still cost me a buck a minute you know you're in Rome you know Rome Rome Rome the right to
oh Rome yeah I know it well but it was not your peak yeah it was great to talk okay hold on
nice here from in hang on and George you get with him okay we have an open line on the out of
town line one triple eight 4749 463 1888 474 W I O D so the rumor is that Tom jica was on
fill in for Craig last night on the light bulb and Tom was saying all kinds of stuff all kinds of
speculation I'm sure Rick Riley is probably very up very upbeat about the prospects of but you
know it's it's the way it goes in the business I mean if all those rumors were true you know who'd
be on I'd be on back to back with we Richard Dawson I love that that's what I was going to say
and we get along fine don't don't let any other stuff I mean we might have some food fights we might
you know disagree about who's gonna eat most of the food in fact you know something that should
be something if he's hearing all these rumors he should be salivating because you talk about
anybody get some free food in that joint fast this is the guy right here trust me here's a candle
hello hello how you doing great do you think it's possible to get picked to the van bishop on the
internet naked yeah I wouldn't be surprised if you got a big screen yeah wait I'd wait for that
HDTV to come out do you remember that appearance and vision and Dave game oh I'm sorry you
remember that appearance that you had it borders and candle sure I showed up like right at the end
just as you're packing up I was too chicken to say hello because you know you were getting ready to go
and Rick had already left like when I was pulling up into the parking lot sure well Rick's out
of there like a bad out of hell yeah he was I wasn't even I hadn't even found my parking space
and he was already leaving sure well and I was chicken to say hi so I wanted to say hi now instead okay
I have a shameless request yes it might be do you remember something about mr. Rogers neighborhood
yeah vaguely do you have anything like that no I don't uh no because I you mean that you don't have
a bit like that or something I don't think so no we don't oh it was an acid trip and I'm sorry yeah
was all right chicken Chong oh was teaching Chong there was teaching Chong rhymes with
Bung and have a great day we have an opener and rhymes with six two two nine four six three six two
two W.I.O.D rhymes with leech and Bung here's a four-letter deal hello I knew yes sir how you doing great
all right and you're not out huh I said okay you remember those kids that killed themselves the
thing that just passed by the alien abduction the kids that just killed themselves those 39 people
that they weren't kids and well they were kids the youngest one was 26 can you know that before
they died they took out an insurance policy yeah for alien abduction that paid them one million
dollars each all right are they serious yeah I thought on the news yesterday they got
insurances for vampire transformations and alien abduction all right god I wouldn't be surprised if
they wind up on the Jenny Jones show excellent all right thanks for the good news all right I'll
split it with you all right okay all right we have an open line in day six two two we're going to
request for stuff that's bizarre bizarre stuff which is good that's better than request for a
jacket a box and that's stupid Chinese restaurant thing and they're fun in the wabits okay which we
play those eighty five billion freaking times already okay and even the people that like those
things in the first place if they ever hear it again they're going to come to your house and blow
the your brains out if they can find them open line on the out of town line one triple eight four seven
four let's get some jingles out here today come on let's have a little party on the radio
I'm in just kind of a festive party mood and I'm really sure why and like I said for all
you paxing people I show up here every day and do one hell of a job if you ask me I'm just smoking it man
exactly how's Larry Lou Jack doing by the way let's play a Larry Lou Jack thing
I'll have to find the card right now I've got some of Larry Lou Jack stuff on the many discs
which we don't want to posh keep with those do we uh and you never put any of it in here did you
did you ever put any of that in here huh oh you did and you didn't even realize that you did put
some of the stuff in there nice going George like I said so we might do that because I love Larry
Lou Jack back in the days when he was lucid and when he was on the air underlining the lucid part
it's eleven thirteen at w i o d ten w i o d it's not your radio
it's just real staticie
and now you are with our vaginous cell for my feminine itching I depend on vaginous cell
cream to stop it instantly and for a painful burning itch I get maximum strength vaginous cell
for even stronger relief excuse me yes speaking as someone who doesn't have a vagina I have what
may seem like a silly question uh yeah what exactly would be wrong with you that you would have
all this itching oh well many number of things uh uh general irritation for example yes I
understand that but I guess it's the painful burning part you mentioned that alarms me oh I mean
this constant burning and itching would seem to indicate some kind of problem that might actually
require like legitimate medical attention vaginous cell can stop the burning and itching yes but what
I'm asking is does it cure whatever's causing all the burning and itching what do you mean causing
I mean sure you might not be actively burning and itching anymore but you can still be a carrier
carry or you know some kind of typhoid Mary of sexual disease oh come on admit it you've been
sleeping around you think I'm stupid you think I don't know a painful burning itch being
look it was just five guys five guys last night you're complaining at 4 in the morning I didn't know
about the first four guys ahead of me did I that's the last time I went out for you what's she what
about I'm starting to get that stupid they got brought get it up my girl cram vaginous cell maximum
relief for naughty dirty dirty naughty little girls okay it's 11 18 w i would do we have an
open line and broard 7679 463 767 how what the hell was that out of control man this machine is
out of control I love it maybe we can take some of this good equipment with us well we're not going
are we here's Liberty City hello hello yes sir how you doing deal great I thank you I thank you
have a wonderful show yes I do yes and I just want to say that if anybody does not like you to
cross they really don't have a sense of humor that's right and you two uptight they're too
uptight they're humorless like all these women that pretend they don't listen to the show because
if they admit that they listen to what they think that makes them something yeah like sick and
perverted which they probably are anyway well I really like you personally because the world is
gone mad no matter what what color we are I mean we all face in a lot of problems in this world
today you have to have a sense of humor that's right it's the only way to get by especially when you
work for these people you have a great sense of humor you've got to laugh your ass off that's
right well keep up the good work and now can I have a request if it's something that I might find
because people are asking for some real off the wall crap today well I don't know I don't remember
the song exactly oh but it's about this one we're saying that our brother's a corn I think is
elders something she would bother the corn but it's not a song no it's a it's a bit it's a thing
I got it okay have a right day pal you too and put the butter away so yeah we have an open line
and dead thanks for listening to six 10 W I O D we be listening to it six two two nine four six three
and open line and date if you move quickly I guess you better get used to hearing that if you move
quickly now oh they're not doing that aren't they are they really doing that that would be so
hi this is Jocelyn elders and I'm mad mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill
Clinton to fire me just who do the hell they think they are all I was trying to do was deal with
the reality of sex and teenagers maybe if Jesse Helms at Buffett the champ or Newt Gingrich had
butters of corn a little more there wouldn't be so uptight vlogging the dog never hurt anybody
and if people did a little more of it we might save some lives hell if Clinton just stayed home
and spanked the monkey he'd even be in less hot water teaching kids about masturbation would be no
big deal we could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
C-Dick run when you see dick run get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of
crouch crickets folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in there are too
many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there y'all in hair harbor now if we just
teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle pump the python walk the door wax the carrot or
tickle the taco we'd all be better off and that's all I have to say now I'm going home now and see if
mr. elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail oyster and buzz the rillow it's 1121 a W
I would do its jingles it's request it's a fun Friday at the end of the holiday week which
everybody is gone which good ridden's to him because there's very little traffic
boy that was a miracle this morning I thought man I'm whipping in my brand new 97 corvette about 165
miles an hour right east do east on 595 and there ain't nobody inside and I'm loving every second of it
that is by the way a very very very fast car I mean a frighteningly I finally punched it yesterday
just for the hell of it I'm tired of babying that car it's got like 400 miles on it now and I'm
going to sit there and baby that thing and drive it like 110 you know I got to get up to 160 anyway
and I really punched that thing and it is it's does it very quietly though it's a very bizarre
a kind of a ride very quietly and very subtly it just about a bing smokes down a road and leaves
everybody behind like what the hell just happened like a rocket ship that's right unlike the 96
which as it leaves everybody way back up the road you feel it in your foot and the car too you can
feel it it's got that real a little heavier not like the old vets where it felt like so heavy like
your ass was scraping on the road which is a real bad sports car ride so the good part of it is I
got two corvettes but I'm like in the past they're different cars isn't that a great way to look at
it I think it's a brilliant way to look at it here's a Fort Lauderdale hello no yes sir I'm calling to
take a little issue with you on this David Halberstrand thing I agree with you who is this Michael
Mayo doing a voice now take issue with me about what well I agree with you that yeah he has a
right to say what he said and and I I agree with you he should not have been fine and so what so what
he took sides with Mark shot when she said what she said because March shot is a well-known bigot
and racist and anybody who knows if you read jikas column in a paper which you probably didn't
last Saturday he points out that people in no David Halberstrand know that he's a real liberal guy
and he's done a lot of things for liberal causes and racial harmony and so on and he's a real
a good guy he's not a bigot he doesn't have an ounce of bigotry in his body he didn't mean it that
way whereas March shot when she says it she means it well now I'm saying is it everybody you hear
what I just said though did you hear what I just said everybody has a right to express himself
their opinion I mean maybe you don't agree with it yeah but you know what nobody should be fine for
expressing their opinion yeah and that that's the only thing I you know I'm but that was not an
opinion that's what I'm trying to tell you there was there was what what kind of opinion is that to
say that they would have made those slaves might have made good basketball players it was just a
funny was just a play on the night it was nothing well obviously people did not take it that way
I think most people did there wasn't one complaint nobody called this station nobody called the
heat and until Channel 7 made a big song a dance about it nobody gave a crap about it at all right
like I say I don't disagree with your you know you know you're a March shot is a lunatic she's a
bigot she's a racist she's an anti-Semite she's an anti-human March shot is a piece of turd right
and and you know what no she has every right I don't like her no she has every right to say it
and the people in Major League baseball have also got every right to say you're not fit to own the
team and be a part of our thing and goodbye that's right all right well that's where you feel
that's exactly the way I feel I think you know Major League sporting organizations have got a
responsibility to a police who they led into their thing and their fraternity okay I mean
next you're going to say that David Duke should you know on a sports franchise well I think he's
going on the new Atlanta have had to be having enough money he can do it you know I think the new
hockey team Atlanta okay pal thanks for listening to 610 w i o d we have an open line at
Broward 7 6 7 9 4 6 3 that Halberstead thing is that is a doornale and we could close the book on it
if Michael Mayo would just develop a small pair and write one sentence in one of his columns and say
Niels Wright I apologize I was wrong I went too far that's it that's all we're asking for Mike
from one you to another from one Lonsman to another that's all we're looking for a
apologizing on the air was a beginning but unfortunately not everybody who reads that rag years
is listening to the show unfortunately they are so like I said forget it he will he won't put it
in there don't have the balls to do it and the paper wouldn't let him do it anyway because the
papers do busy making up stories about whether I'm going I'm leaving what the date is or leaving
September 1st by the way George not really but that was in the other day just keep putting
the different date in there every day and they'll keep tuning in every single day oh he's still
great thank you guys couldn't buy that kind of coverage for a billion dollars
here's West Palm Beach hello hey Neil yes sir probably a stupid question and I got a request after
I asked okay what's the stupid question Vegas how how hot is it because I'm thinking about moving
there you know the other day with the high was 49 degrees in Vegas as a matter of fact in the
summer the highest it ever gets is about 115 if you've been there in the summer yes I have is it
brutal no I mean hot yeah when it's 115 don't feel more than like 112 yeah because I got
real my allergies are just terrible down here with the humidity dry heat dry heat but let me say
this it's very very dry heat so I don't know how you're going to respond to that but like this last
time I went January 17 between the airplane with the among on the plane and then going out there
my lips are still all dried up and it's very slowly that they're coming back I mean real slow
my lips are as dry like the skin was scraped off of them somebody told me like they're getting
nosebleeds it was so dry like that and it is very dry really so if you got huh can you adjust to it
though after a time if you're there for a while I don't know I never live there I mean I don't have a
problem with myself I it is very very dry though and if you got an allergy problem I'd hop out of
plane go out there for a weekend and see how you like it I would wait till like the middle of July
look into papers see when it's going to be like sweltering hot would you will be go out there check
it out and the worst you'll do is lose 20 or 30 grand good point good point my my request is yes
I don't even know if something was Phil Henry a long time ago when he was talking to Larry King and he
was something about on behalf of the big Wilson family he was saying to him you know I'm personally
insulted yeah you have that interview all the the where do we have that George the Larry King called
a Phil Henry when he thought he was talking about green we have that somewhere thank you
and a best time to appreciate he said something like on behalf of the big Wilson family like a
layer one like a best of we plan the weekend best of uh no no we got no you're wrong we have that
played it it's on a card I'll find it pal thank you have a great day it's on a card back here somewhere
George so let's start let's see this ain't it this one ain't it this you get us up to two o'clock
that ain't it no seriously we do have that somewhere it was Larry uh oh or maybe we don't have it
you know what maybe Phil Henry's got it let's call Phil in uh California let's see it's 830
in the morning he ought to be wide awake now not let's call him out there in the LA and wake him
up and say hey get that out and stick it in your car machine there in your apartment and let's hear
it and he'll say click we have an open line on the out of town line one triple eight four seven four
nine four six three one triple eight four seven four w i o d are you sure that's not in here somewhere
the Larry King thing with uh huh I wouldn't be at all surprised look at that I mean
so horny no not that one how about that is great radio like I said it might be in there but
I will not give it to you 1129 and w i o d six ten w i o d the worst talk radio I've ever heard my life
in my w i o d um Larry King is with us online three and I think Larry's in Washington right now Andy
Larry's in Washington uh we thought we'd bring Bob in to ask Larry a couple of questions we were
we were all with interest uh told uh about some of the comments made by uh mr. King to don shul
over the weekend of course don shul retired last week as head coach of the Miami dolphins bob green
is in studio with us Larry hello Larry hi guys how you doing today super I just stand you're you're
getting ready to go to Los Angeles yeah the snow stopped uh after two and a half days of being
trapped it is all blue skies now but we got about three feet on the ground which is I think
guys a snow absolutely snow yeah every time I try do it in the midwest a lot every time I try to travel
up there it's like every time New York is shut down it rest the country gets shut down
yeah well everything is shy I mean if anyone's listening in Miami and they're flying to the northeast
Larry how you doing hi Larry Bob Green Bob how are you how you doing today fine um I wanted to take over
a little segment here of Phil show if I could sure because we were and and I mentioned this to you
when I called you originally um first of all Henry Barrow sends his regards not that I've talked to
Henry since I'm Henry Henry says is sends regards Cheryl sends her regards to you that's great
shells to work in there yes she is like god she'll be she'll get our social security there I'm not
gonna tell her that okay I'm not gonna tell her that god uh we uh frankly Larry we're a little bit
taken aback I guess is the is the best way to put it by comments you made to coach Shula on your
program I understand it was it was Friday evening well I was taking aback when I had two different
friends call me mm-hmm on uh I think it was one cold Thursday night one cold Friday when it was
learned that Don was gonna retire and they both said boy have you heard your old radio station I
said no I worked there 20 years with the only station ever to do the dolphins and uh they said
they're screaming them to death screaming over there at the site he's called maniacs a colon in
in the same personal things about them and they're vilifying them and there's a guy in the morning
looking at Nakamoto he should be out of coaching and he's too old and another guy criticizing the way
he looks so when I heard that uh-huh two different people what I said to Don was I heard that the station
I worked at and you worked at because Don and I did a show together every day on W.I.O.D. for right
was wrapping you and he said he had already said well I'm just finishing I'm sorry then he said he
hadn't listened to talk radio in uh in two years but that he'd heard about well um so if I'm wrong
tell me where I'm wrong well first of all we were not uh personally attacking coach Shula
we certainly we do a talk show here as you do we have several uh what we did do and any talk show
would do certainly uh relative to a story of this kind of local import was invite our listeners to call
and voice their opinions the host had no personal opinions about Neil Rogers uh quite frankly if
you're speaking of Neil Rogers or uh or Rick and SUDs or any of the shows here had nothing but the
most glowing things to say about coach Shula in his retirement now while he's uh-huh
Neil Rogers has something glowing to say about someone. Neil was on the daily retirement was announced
Neil said I'm talking about before to retirement I'm gonna tell you about after retirement the whole
city of Florida I'm I can assure you this what about before to retirement all right I can assure you
there was nothing personal in any negative statement made by Neil Rogers. What kind of criticisms were
that he was that he had his coaching ability had begun to slump that the game perhaps was passing
him by that it was time to make room for a coach and as you know the the popularity of Jimmy Johnson
here is is well known. Well I was I wrote him my column three years ago Jimmy was kind of coming
to coach Miami and Jimmy told me that in Dallas. Phil costume just says hi too he's in the other studio.
But just let me say this uh there's a way you can do it in a way you cannot do it now you can
encourage callers to vilify I've been doing this a long time I am standing I started I know
you were with our radio station for many years yeah and uh so I know how to do a talk show. Daisy
pumper next and I know I know how you can storm up a crowd and the people who told me I have faith
in so you're telling me that Neil Rogers praised him I would shock I would not even bother you I
wouldn't even bother you with a phone call we're I'm gonna talk about after retirement everybody
jenna back and that's below I'm talking about before coachula announces your callers personal
are insightful the callers some of the callers may have been some may not they were what did you
say to them we we got rid of them very quickly to be to be perfectly honest with you you know
as they know you're you're inciting calls were off the air right away they were off the air right
away and I apologize to mr. Rogers for his fairness thank you the rest of the staff and that the
two people who told me because of inherent things I gotta tell you Larry I I I take what I do very
serious hello Larry Bob's a little emotional I'm sorry I take what I do very seriously and to have
our radio station vilified done that now hold all I want to talk about your station I was I am well
long of in general get Bob the glass water something how long have been general man I've been here
since 1992 okay I was in Miami two years ago the worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life was on
the wd the words you see it's comments like that that I think are very unfair you want an opinion or not
okay do you think Neil Rogers is a good talk show host I think he's the best in the pistol I think
he's the worst I've ever heard I think he's the best in the business and you're proud of him if
you're crying because Neil Rogers has been vilified what what I need to do here weird case going
him and Larry could I jump I could go on kneel and cry with each other all right Larry could I
jump in for a minute isn't saying well I've got an of general manager here is crying to Bob if you
can handle this I can do this or whatever I can handle I I never heard a word station all right I
think that's patty unfair of you and I would demand an apology for that statement for having an
opinion no for for saying that this is the worst talk radio you've ever heard you know the
influence that you have over people it's the worst talk radio I ever heard I demand an apology
for that statement I will not give it to you I demand an apology for that state but I'll ask
you again as a gentleman to what do you ask me to apologize to apologize for vilifying a radio
just a little bit of my personal to Bob I think Larry's expressing an opinion of Bob shut up Phil
shut up Phil go to general manager you're telling your host to shut up what I'm asking you to do is to
Hey guys I don't think I when I was on that station yeah you could look up class right get
W.O.D. written this quote what did you name this is an embarrassing thing who did you work with who did
you work with I work with uh uh oh and oh and oh and oh he was terrible goodbye Bob he was
absolute wait a second I'm not going to talk no but wait a second what I'm on behalf of the big
Wilson family yes I demand an apology for you Bob Wilson Bob is away and you called him
all right so could the cat call kettle call to the pot black is that okay you come on apologize
to the Wilson family all right I apologize right now what do you think of Bill call der Bill
caller was probably one of the best I ever heard the great talent we did the most of the things
together he was a terrific and by the way he was a very close friend of Neil Rogers do you think
the preeminent radio talent in America today now I talk to your host I've ever heard I demand an
apology no I demand I bought what we can go no we can go back and forth from this Bob yeah you don't
even know your own station on behalf of Rogers family apologize Bob this we can go back and forth
with this all the time oh what is that what's that crap I apologize his mother is listening I apologize
to Neil Rogers wife but what what is that crack support you said his family I'm talking about his
mother he has relatives in this I would tell his mother that she raised his son who's a terrible
talk show host you be a Bob either you can go on with this or you can't Bob you can go on with this
I'm not going to change my opinion I can't believe no I can't Bob listen man if you want to come
on to try and find a right he's like crying over here giving me a little bit of a
touch I'm sorry Bob a Larry can I just ask you a question here where where is where do you think
Coach Shule is going to be going after this do you think he's going to well he's going to be
I must he'll be vice president operations he's running the team yeah he's going to run the team
from that standpoint but do you think you might want to entertain any other coaching possibilities
notice a rumor that I want the more would ask him I want to bother Bob shut up I don't believe he's
the gentleman you know what at this point neither do I I don't he can't be gentleman is this a well
I'll tell you don't buy Cox yes we are on my Cox I do I do I do charities for Cox every year
and have made appearances for the Cox people all over the country have you raised money I don't
thanks a lot Bob so anyway 1142 at WID we all want the money back Larry I will I give it to you
anyway we have an open line on the other time come on just $50 I will I give it to you
at the one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight four seven four
WID how about a little bit of the truth Larry I will I give it to you oh damn it six times WIOD
about as functional as Al Bundy back at the real question is um what locker room shower you're
going to most likely be at which one would you like me to be in um well have you have you been
in the shower at the panthers those are real men
boy if I was but pecs son
yeah
old day long guide baby baby boom if I was that pecs son going boy I'd buy up all the stations
like the life of love and Zeta I can see an IOD I've had lots of money in the bank
annoying lots of goyem like Roy I'd have a radio network that nobody carries but everyone has
to run the spots TV cable real estate I would own you TURT I'd have a half a dozen big FM
stations and 607 AM stations too and that's just in hall and there
a lot Roy if I was but pecs son
yeah
old day long guide fiddle with my knob if I was my pecs son's boy I'd be a range the format
yeah
I have shackles you know what I mean I'd be richer than the fricking queen
Wayne high zenga would be perning cream if I was that pecs son going
one one forty nine man it's almost time to get out of here this thing is moving like
grease lighting we just do in the clock I had two hours and even Saturday night yet Sunday morning
I love those people to buy the way who set their alarm clock to get up to a clock in the morning
near laughing but there are people who do that instead of putting the clock ahead an hour you know
when they go to bed they set the alarm for two in the morning so that they're doing the right
thing I guess so they won't go to purgatory or even worse burn in hell you will burn in hell by
the way if you set your clock ahead before to a clock in the morning so Saturday night just go out
and stay up late just get drunk then of course if you get drunk to a clock comes around you're
going to be passed out you're going to miss out then you'll be late for church Sunday morning
here's plantation hello Neil yes sir it's too bad you missed the marlins game yesterday
every game they have a trivia question yeah and have a south floor to celebrity give the
answer on the air yes sir on sports channel so I was expecting you know like Madonna or some actors
or actor that lives down here yeah gets what it was Larry King the rim man the rim man
what all is here about it yeah yeah he they taped him in my am you're in right right
right it was on the air him giving the answer and Jo Angel said I never really thought of Jeff
Rimmer as a celebrity yeah it's a good point nice going joy I always do you right on top of it
that was definitely the highlight of the game do you hear Larry's answer they had Larry King on
their asking a matrivia question they said Larry what's the answer when he said I will I give it
yeah but anyway yeah so today's the last day I can listen to you because I have squalm under
damn it yeah what a pain in the east that is huh maybe I'll just stay home that would be a good idea
but you're learning a lot more from this show than from that pain in the east school I definitely
am amen yeah so anyone that know could you please play old man Rimmer absolutely thank you have a
great life pal good luck to us see you bye good luck to us huh very good oh by the way we haven't
played this in a long time yeah I'm not that they're listed to your station I'm so disappointed
that's what I'll say to clock at night I have nothing else to listen to at night please but to get
it off with nobody enjoy sir thank you
oh
oh
it's old
jeffrey
oh the pucks must be flying because now the show is dying we just got rolling and now all the
colors are done
if a person was to kiss Chris Wells ass and not penetrate would he be the Rimmer I got some bad
news for your boys and girls ladies and gentlemen art Fleming's dead boy are you sure that did
somebody call in and their crap oh my god they're dropping like flies art Fleming died last
year no less 1996 a day that will live guess what male Allen he's dead oh nobody cared about it
that to me was one of the worst days of my life on the year in this town was the day I come in the
announced that male Allen had just died or was in a paper that morning whatever I come on a year
and it's like nothing nothing I mean you of course being so sports intensive you wouldn't
care George but I mean uh male Allen died and nobody cares all these new Yorkers here all these
janky fans all these people who grew up walk through up watching now this week in baseball for the
last 85 years since he's been doing it before it got to be over 200 the great male Allen with that
with that wonderful voice with that rich so with that going going gone with that uh and nobody
cared so I guess if they didn't care about male Allen croak and they sure don't care about our Fleming
open line at day at 6229463622 w i o d here's hi alia hello resort Fleming exactly speaking of
Phil Henry what's the what's the news what's the news on what and how's he doing great
he's kissing the ground every day that he got out of this town number one and number two they
didn't mind up working for paxon does he have an audience sure he does does he have an audience on
a 50,000 watt clear channel station at night in Los Angeles with 12 million people just in a
metro market I would imagine so your station really took a hit when he left yes it did yeah
that was only the beginning how about a very obscure request yes good because of that I won't
be able to find it go ahead the the doors uh gym dens more the doors what john dens more some
like that the guy from the doors yeah oh no no you're talking about the oh you're talking about the
guy with that suit when I got it somewhere what that was his name jim man zerick ray man zerick ray man
zerick I got it somewhere I'll find it yeah that'll be the hum job of all time okay hang on tight
tell okay how do you like that two open lines and day at 6229463 before this guy drops the
acid he wants to your ray man zerick somewhere I have that car because I remember very specifically
saving that card or do I remember very specifically throwing out that card you know what really
pisses me off big time is this freaking asshole roi roi when we came here do you know how much crap
that we threw out only we I only threw it out because we fear oh well you can only you know trying
to keep down to like just a handful of cards because this asshole is so anti-cart you know the
asshole it's got all these machines in here that nobody knows how to fix him or how they work
how's the printout coming by the way on that mini disc oh sorry it's only six and a half months later
we don't know can you believe that of course you can because it's an asshole and so we dumped
hundreds hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds literally not exaggerating hundreds of cards
I mean I'm talking phenomenal stuff great stuff great stuff that will never ever be duplicated
will never have our hands on again why because these people are the experts what do they know we
don't know but they know it all let me give you an example we're gonna help can I find an example
yeah like this like this thanks to roi will we ever hear this again well screw Steve yeah will we
ever hear that again do you know who that was by the way did you recognize the voice well screw Steve
that was how do you like that a classic from the Humper will never be hearing that one again one more
time well screw Steve and what am I looking for Rayman Zurich I do have this I do have this in the meantime
while I'm looking for the other one before the guy drops the acid don't do it yet pal it's only sugar
anyway where is it Jim Baker called me on the phone Sunday night May 17th two months had passed
Jerry follow he said Jerry want to ask you to hand the ministry back to me as you promised in Palm
Springs on March 17th I said Jim assuming was being taped or someone might be listening in and it
was for the record I said Jim here's what I want to say to you see we'll never hear that again
because the carts all had to be destroyed thanks to the bro you gotta get all those carts you got
30 days mr. hotshot like he's running the joint here see that's been the biggest problem all along
is they got any five million chiefs no Indians but they got 75 trillion chiefs everybody's a straw boss
everybody's got a title everybody's boss and everybody else around everybody is sending
dictatorial email to everybody else and that's the Paxenway baby that's the way we do it over here
we don't do it the right way we don't even do it the wrong way we do it the Paxenway
so have a great day and thanks for listening to 610 wiod 1157 at wiod who needs bullman you know
life is too short for bull crap that's my philosophy university Dodge knows you don't want or need
anymore bull is more than enough in everyday living that's why they offer you there no bull dealer
with no bull prices that's what they're all about university Dodge is a family owned and operated
dealer they've been around for 10 years so you can count on them to provide you nice floppy
610 wiod Miami Fort Lauderdale it's Friday you bastard the road is calling
I am the road and I'm so bored it's been so long since someone knew it's coming to my life
and I hugged me caressed me excited me
here what was that that was the own new nexus eS 300 you mean that was it what do you mean yes
I mean it is in Wambam thank you man yes well thanks for nothing mr
I got mine now you get yours the own you nexus e has 300 yeah big man the big shiny 36,000
dollar phallic symbol for premature ejaculators mr jump the gun the road is calling mr
Johnny come early but it won't be calling you back I agree with you okay 1203 at wiod happy
Friday to you Jeff Codd from the world famous pizza loft is here we got stromboli which I'm
only eating the kishkeys out of the insides not the ado no dough that's not any maybe a little taste
for as I come and some a chicken catchatory and Jeff is feeding the old joint here today so we're
doing it baby we're eating it there's only one question ah damn it anyway we have two open lines
day 6 to 29 463 6 to 2 like I said one question where's my prune juice and we have an open line
on a mobile one purple line there if you have a mobile pick it up and pound it they pay the freight
pound iod here is derail hello good afternoon Neil when a bono pomerigo
wanted to talk about this courtesy call you were talking about it yesterday
but I didn't get a chance to call you courtesy call yeah these curts you know these calls
that they call it night to bother you oh solicitation call yeah right I guess they call it
courtesy calls is that right they call it disc courtesy call yeah first of all I don't answer
my phone between five and eight in a p.m. yeah I know what if it's something important what about
if somebody you know just got in a car wreck and they're hanging out the end of a bridge and they
need you to come and get them well that's why I always leave my answer machine on it I know it
to them because they always hang up on the machine okay and if my that's a good point they never
leave a message because that's like a warning that they're going to call you back yeah that's right
and then you don't answer the phone right so what I tell my girlfriend is if she needs to reach me
just call me on my beeper uh-huh just beep it yeah uh-huh and I know it's them because sometimes
they ask for my mom and she died about 15 years ago uh-huh that's always a good first clue yeah that's
a very first one um another thing I wanted to talk or they'll call me and they'll say is the
gentleman or the lady of the house there yeah to me is a pretty good clue they know it's not
somebody I know yeah they they know lady in this house so he's no real ones yeah they they ask for
my dad and then and then I tell him well he's not here and then they go well are you over 18 right
exactly and I go no I'm not very good I like it yeah another thing I want to talk about these
um-Marlins I mean I don't I don't care about baseball but I mean isn't it something that uh-
amazing if if they pay so much money to these players to get the best players um-hmm what's
what's the point in earning a uh-a trophy or a title at the end of the year yeah you know
it's a problem you just hit it right on the head that's a big problem with professional sports
is it's the we got ours kind of attitude and if we win fun and if we lose guess what we still get
the money yeah I mean it's right it's coming out to just a sport between owners yeah whoever has
the most money hey guess what you know here here here's the pitching contest right because you're
uh-that's all uh just one seamless request please yes sir my girlfriend's probably having lunch so
this would be good for her okay uh Barney in the yeah Barney in the bathroom okay all right thank you
got it I got you down have a great day thank you bye bye nobody over 10 here we have two open
lines in day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 we don't have that in here yet by the way do we no we don't yes
do we do things are Barney you you're crazy how could you possibly have it in here we got Barney
I'm like peace and quiet man I don't need to listen to Barney Fag Barney Frank
crying in in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on exactly we couldn't have it
in there because I haven't given you this thing yet you see you like to protect the executive
washroom in there it's almost the same thing no no we're not playing that it's the same thing
it is what somebody taking a dump yeah where the hell is that where is Barney takes a dump
come on Barney so I'm one of these maybe we'll give it to Jeff Cohen and look let him
scour through here and find that damn stupid thing already Barney does a thing
anyway we'll get to it pal let me just scour here while don't interrupt my lunch don't give me no
heavy duty stuff to do we have two open lines in day at 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 we have a pair and
brownered we were kicking ass till we played that feel Henry thing and I have no idea why because
that thing was great it was sensational it was the best it was great you're right and we had
every line smoking there and then I played that just because it took a few minutes and these
bastards get real impatient and all of a sudden we got all we got lines over here lines over there
that's bad I'm looking for that Rayman Zerick thing too by the way for that guy don't do it yet okay
don't blow your brains out yet we do have bodily function we'll find it I'll find it if it's the
last damn thing I do and it probably will be I'll find that for you pal what do you want here's the
bokeh hello bokeh go on like I said two open lines in the out of town lines one triple eight
four seven four nine four six three down to like three calls left and a board then we'll go to
music here's a candle hello hello yes sir we'll do musical request yes sir yeah I think he came up
with a new packs and theme while you're having your lunch okay no dough no dough bad joke let's
I want to tell you about art plumbing I know you found out he died my prune juice uh-huh do you
remember about six eight months ago you talked about the St. Louis KMOX tried to give you a little
offer do years ago yeah years ago he left when art plumbing left his gig in New York he went to
KMOX oh sorry art yeah and he did a really bad job they find it really they put him on every hour you
know different hour of the day and he never could make it and then he left there about a year
ago and he came down here and somewhere here in Florida is where he died because we know him
okay now Jay Randolph I got a question oh he's dead oh I know I know nobody knows he
up but he's dead see the reason I know all this is from I'm from St. Louis uh-huh and Jay was
called what was the name of that guy that ran KMOX the guy from Robert oh Robert what a maniac this
guy was this guy he tried to hire me years ago when I was a W snooze and I really had no interest
in going there because they wanted to tell you everything what you were going to say on the
year they were never going to let me do my thing and then he kept having us even after I turned
the job down he had a secretary calling me and saying we hear that you had Dr. Catholic church
on here is that true and then finally one day she called me I said listen I don't know what
you're calling me for because I don't want to work there I don't want to talk to you and don't
ever call me again oh I believe every minute I want to tell you this guy used to be there he used
to come into the station at like a 10 o'clock at the night and stay there till five o'clock in
a morning and that's the truth well let me tell you one quick you know Bobby Costa's right do I know
him well I don't know him you know I know he's an ass liquor yeah okay he worked for get that work
he got his start came away right there two or three years one night Bobby was on the radio at
night he did the 10 o'clock show sports show he got a telephone call on what they call the red phone
or whatever additional and it was Bob hi-land right he was knocking like Bobby was saying some
things about the cardinals and in that town you don't say anything about the cardinals and
Robert Highland told him to either shut up or get off the air really and you can ask
man I mean Costa snow that anyway Jay Randolph I want to know why he's down here interviewing Wayne
High Zingo on the Marling game what what's he doing that you know because they had to pay him off
on a rest of his contract and they put Joe Angel on there who can do a real job on a play by play
so they just had it by some firm to do okay well that was besides being a daughtering old clown
that's my little radio trivia now I got one easy request LPGA okay thank you Neil see ya bye
bye daydlyde's wide open now 6229 463 622 wiod what the hell is going on here now all of a sudden
just because lunch showed up in your jealous
what's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love him balls
the only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
let my girlfriend who's all-send daddy choose the firm on the book she calls me daddy
must die back five to the taco alright it's still ladies golf to me
my favorite hola doesn't have any number a green or a fairway
don't quit me cuz I'm a snapper lapper I play golf and I'm gay
I'm a smithy time got caught in clubhouse let's me golf is the only time with the girls
I'm gay let's play LPGA still ladies golf to me and ride his disgrace chips sit on my face
and still ladies golf to me you believe this I'm sitting here assuming that this machine is
cute up that other thing with a mouthful of pizza and I punched the damn thing and I look
over here and it's just it's a sitting there it's just sitting there again this damn machine
oh god help us with this equipment here man that I wouldn't wish on high-rank him
anyway it's a 12 13 and W.I.O.D we have the deadlines wide open 622 9463
622 W.I.O.D and we have two and Broward 7679 463 767 that machine it ain't gonna happen it
just ain't gonna happen I got Barney all cute up be sitting there squatting I'm gonna have to
put it in the other machine unbelievable max you don't care he's leaving here's a lady mobile
in somewhere in Fort Lauderdale hello yeah how you doing okay I want to thank you for sending me
the pen for the panthers sending you the oh yeah the pen right you didn't get it yet but George said
I was you'll get it I know and you're gonna get it I believe two other things I want to tell you
about the people that call it and I try to say you stuff yeah what I do is people can ever say my
last name so if they don't say it properly then I just say well you got to call back not here right
now yeah and then what other thing I wanted to tell you you were talking about the I'm giving the
ticket and 35 mile of our zone right no and a 25 mile right right well in Orlando I got a ticket
in a 25 mile an hour zone I was going 35 I just stepped on the gasp I wanted it got up to 35 so
he gave me a ticket and then they called me maybe about a week later asking for a donation and I
said you know what if you guys stop hanging around in a 35 mile an hour zone or 25 mile an hour
zone then just maybe I'll think about exactly you know what you know every time they call me no
matter who it is and they ask me for a donation I have one very bad answer you know what it is what
I will I give it to you not that's a good one I will I give it to you that's good I have it on tape I
have a lary tape right in the house and every time they say well this is the but I've a lot
I will I give it to you whatever it is yeah really I mean I don't mind helping good cops but you know
that's so stupid yeah you know you just kept on that we're supposed to subsidize them for harassing
your ass right excellent point okay sweetheart okay enjoy your pin thank you don't get too much for it
I will okay have I okay bye bye we have two open lines any other timelines one triple eight four seven four
nine four six three at a parent-broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
W.I.O.D. where it's 1215 and where we're having a dynamic lunch from Jeff Cohen at pizza lot and
everybody got hungry right now and ran out to get food why not run out to the pizza lot Jeff can
use the money they're doing great but he can always use a little bit more go over there and get
yourself about 20 or 30 pizzas and a bunch of lasagna and a bunch of the pasta which is better than
ever by the way very very good pasta when you get the spaghetti by the way get it with the big
cheese on top because they insist on that that it is much better and guess what it is much better
and then when you get to bake cheese you won't realize there's about 20 pounds of food underneath it
anyone feels so guilty about eating all that food nice free plug there for Jeff Cohen
six ten W.I.O.D.
well they all be back kids good old people they still look endless
what do I gotta go
what do I do right here
hold on the pants
uh
oh
i'm in here
go go fl're
There's he right now.
Oh!
Um.
Bione!
Bione!
Come out, Bione!
Well, you just wait a minute, if you...
Oh!
Oh, that was still a little pandas.
Oh, here comes another one.
Wait, my little dinosaur butt there.
Come here, come kids!
Okay, 1220, W-I-O-D.
So what are you saying? I'm supposed to be listening to the channel 4 for some where's there in the middle of the weather right now?
Which is what it's going to be.
A couple people call to say they're going to be talking about you.
About me?
Well, more rumors on channel 4 come up in a second here.
Okay, big deal.
We have an open line over here.
Uh, calling around the building this morning trying to get a hold of the room.
Who is calling around?
On channel 4.
And like I'm going to talk to them, those Ray Roberts and channel 4 that screwed over our good friend, uh, uh, Barbara Sloan.
That's right.
No chance.
We love Barbara Sloan, okay?
And by the way, thanks for the check for those hockey reports I did during the playoffs.
Not open line at day 622-9463.
Oh, there I am. What did I say?
A few of radio personalities has resigned his job at W-I-O-D.
Huh?
He's really not going very far.
Rogers is reportedly moving down the aisle to W-Q-A-M and all sports station.
Former CBS news anchor.
That's it right next to Walter Cronkite.
He got a quadruple bypass.
Okay. So I made it on there with what's your name?
Ilyana Vanilla.
Nice going. Thanks, Ilyana.
She's okay.
She never stole her freight train.
She's a sweetheart.
We have an open line at Broward 767-9463-767-W-I-O-D.
As the rumors persist that I'm leaving here September 30th of this year.
Do you believe it?
We do.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Cooper City.
Hey, Neil.
You like cigars, don't you?
Yes, I do.
I've got a seven inch chrono.
Stick it up your...
Yeah, okay, good.
What do you say he's going to stick it up his...
Right, go.
...and see how it comes out.
Okay, good luck to you, pal.
Be sure and light it first.
We have an open line at day 622-9463-622.
If you forgot to decimal point by the way on your 7.
We have an open line at Broward.
He's more like a light bulb guy.
He's got a decimal in front of his 7.
7.679463 and Broward at W.I.D.
Boy, this chicken couch at Torrey.
Outstanding.
Outstanding, man.
From the pizza loft.
It was feeding the entire building today.
It's kind of the least we can do for them, right?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Boy and his deas.
You're the best.
Yeah.
Hey, listen.
I thought I got father again.
Yeah, again.
Still the best.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, it's the best.
You know when I'm the best.
I'm the best.
You know the best part about that.
The one?
When he gets caught and he likes to make it a time.
How about getting me a break?
Tom does a break.
Can't do it, Sally.
No.
He says, can you give me off the hook, Tom.
For all time's sake.
And he says, you look like I'm like, can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
I don't think so.
Can't do it, Sally.
Yeah.
And a drag.
One thing real quick.
What is it?
Donald Duck.
Yeah.
Can you send that to me?
I hope it's hilarious.
What do you mean, could I send it to you?
Yeah.
Can you send that out?
Or can I...
You mean, can I play it?
Yeah.
I'm not going to send it to you.
Get your own duck.
Have a great weekend, pal.
Thanks, Larry.
Oh, my God.
You're so great.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're dead.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
1223, a W-I-O-D, two open lines and dead.
622, W-I-O-D, and one and brown.
7679, 463.
Let's do Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Dear God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Can you please play something for me?
Please.
New.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Is this new OJ song that you have?
I don't have no new OJ song.
But this lady singing it.
Yeah.
What says what?
It goes O-O-J-A.
That's how it goes?
Yeah.
You don't mean OJ is going to get you, do you?
Is that what you mean?
Yeah, OJ is going to get you, yeah.
Is this one?
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, it's not that one.
No.
It's a father one.
It's a woman?
Yeah, you get the woman singing it.
I haven't got no idea.
You played it one time.
Yeah.
Oh, you mean...
You mean velvet nails?
Do this be sounded like it?
Huh?
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay, pal.
Thanks a lot.
Must decay your meaties.
All right.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
And thanks for calling 610-W-I-O-D.
O-O-O-O-J.
Why do you yield it?
O-O-O-O-J.
I'll throw it into O-O-O-J.
A brother, a mouse, a wolf, a wolf, a wolf, a wolf.
Gator, pale and free in your house, house, house.
And the firm and head is eye on your head.
Two hours, bounce, bounce.
You were a superstar.
Behind the monkey's fur, a new fur, a tearful.
I want now you killed a goat.
O-O-O-O-J.
Just how she was up for O-O-O-O-O-J.
I'll tell you something, Sam, O-O-O-O-O-J.
Don't share it with me.
She just had been in jerrys in the tongue, tongue, tongue.
Were you jealous of them?
Do you see you fit for fun, fun?
Was it the cold fries and shakes?
That's it from you, baby.
You're the first hero.
I want now you killed a goat.
O-O-O-J.
What, you killed a goat?
O-O-O-J.
Just how she was up for O-O-O-O-J.
You're throwing it out.
Oh, no.
No way.
O-O-O-O-O-O-O-J.
Why did you do it anyway?
In the bumblebee ran from the man.
But they caught your butt and we were the kids.
O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-J.
I don't know meant to.
O-O-O-O-O-O-J.
A brother without...
Get out of here already.
William Jeff Cohen, I said, here, toss this out.
It was great, but get it out of here.
Get this crap out of here.
I'm trying to do a Make Believe Radio show here.
And he's stealing my newspapers.
My business must be really slow over there.
It's a lot of people who can't even afford to buy his own newspapers.
What does that tell you folks?
Does that tell you what you need?
No or not.
Exactly.
Anyway, it's 1227 at WIOD already.
We have two open lines in date.
Once we get the lines all filled up, we might talk to you again.
Boy, look at this.
You've got mung all over the counter here.
We don't have Tommy Kramer.
No more to clean off the counter.
By the way, speaking of Tommy Kramer, there's rumors flying around the building that there was a very, very, very serious
contortompos up there after the Ron and Ron show this morning.
That's the rumor around the building.
It's so embarrassingly true.
Yeah, between Ron and B and Tommy Kramer.
Do we have to think really hard who's side?
We have to have this...
Oh, geez, you bring me a dry cloth, okay?
Ask a man with silly fingernails to do a real man's job and he brings you a dry cloth.
Anyways, I was starting to say, is there any doubt as to whose side we take when there's a contortompos
between Ron and B and Tommy Kramer?
In fact, is there any doubt as which side we take when there's a contortompos between fill in the blank and Tommy Kramer?
Exactly, that's my point.
You're okay in our book, Ron and B. You're all right with us.
Neil Rogers is my lover.
Exactly, and good luck to you, man.
You'll need it with these, go ahead.
1228 at WIOD.
1610 WIOD.
Paranoid.
hormonal.
neurotic.
Welcome home.
This is the Neil Rogers shell.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Amaphenid.
Let me see how long it takes before Max gets the drift of that, okay?
Did you hear that? Did anybody hear that?
Is anybody listening?
Do you have the monitor turned down?
What?
Oh, okay.
Don't worry about it.
The fact that you absolutely turned out.
Oh, okay.
So I'm not going to talk about it.
The fact that that machine just repeated the beginning.
It's not working at all.
Played against him.
Played against him.
What?
It won't queue up now.
This machine over here.
This one has always been broken.
But hey, don't worry about it.
We know you're leaving.
That's okay.
We're not worried about looking on the back of the disc.
Is there a mong on my disc?
No, there is not mong on my disc.
It looks just fine to me.
Let's try it one more time, okay?
Let's put it in there very gently.
Let's watch that thing start spinning around.
Let's queue up cut number 13.
And let's see if this thing is going to work.
If we have to fire Max before he leaves on his own.
Van Biele-Fluhr eats a fleece.
He's being a buttercup.
I like that.
I don't like that, but that's not the cut I wanted to play.
Let's see if the other one.
I just want to see if it was going to work.
Let's see if this one works.
It's time once again for the adventures of Jimmy Maha.
Teenage Lap Track.
When we last left Jimmy, he was being chewed out by the police commissioner.
Damn it, you're way out of line on this one.
What?
What are you laughing at?
Oh, you think this is stunning, huh?
Do you think I'm a comedian?
Well, here's a choke for you.
You're fired!
This is my gun against your ass.
Come here!
I'll show you what's wrong.
You like being tickled with a gun barrel up your ass.
Yes, that does it for today.
Let's be sure to join us next time for another thrilling adventure with Jimmy Maha.
Teenage Lap Track.
Okay, that should be easy for them.
12-34 WYODC.
I'm choking out my canole.
God is punishing me once and for all, okay, for my evil ways.
You two, Max.
You're next.
Wait till you start choking on it, cigar.
We have two open lines in date.
622-9463.
Where is Max going to get all the free cigars when he goes to work next, huh?
Like he was getting here.
Like he was breaking into that cabinet late at night, getting all those free cigars.
Well, he just liked them a lot, okay?
If you find something you like, sometimes you've got to bust into it to get into it.
Here's Weston on a mobile.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I heard you the other day.
I think Monday mentioned a guy that you heard on Channel 10.
Bow, Steinberg?
No, I didn't hear him on Channel 10.
He was on our station one with Watson's name, Duan Sports Talk last weekend.
I think he was on with Duan Sports Talk.
He's the assistant sports Hansho Schmendrick at Channel 10.
He's the assistant sports director to Jimmy Seppelis.
Yeah, he's another Jew.
I had a run in with this guy.
Really?
He is the biggest asshole you ever want to meet in your life.
Really?
My wife?
Now, are you talking about...
Your wife?
Or Saul Steinberg.
No, Steinberg.
Okay.
Went down to Channel 10 to show him a videotape.
My son's involved in amateur boxing.
Yeah.
This guy knows absolutely nothing about sports.
Uh-huh.
Why do you think he works on Channel 10?
I guess so.
So he looks at the tape and...
The only thing you could say about Channel 10 sports is Frank Ford.
Finally got that thing off his forehead.
That's the only good thing you can say.
I've never watched him.
Good.
He's either the one.
So this guy didn't see what he wanted on the tape.
He's getting a real bad attitude.
My wife says to him, you know, you're really an asshole.
Yeah, and he said...
Oh, he went ballistic.
Really?
You cursed me in my house.
I invite you to come into my house and you talk to me that way.
Get out of here.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, I can act.
So as we're leaving the...
We picked our stuff up and left.
And as we're leaving the building, he waits until we get to the lobby.
Sticks his head out and Hollers and don't ever come back to my house again.
All right.
Our paths will cross again and off.
Our paths will cross again.
Did you believe that's my wife said our paths are gonna cross again?
Well, that's pretty melodramatic.
I wonder if his path is ever gonna cross with...
You're right.
...again.
So I just want to call...
...South Steinberg.
A big douchebag.
Okay. Thanks for having me.
Thanks, pal.
Good news there about Channel 10 Sports Ace Saul Steinberg,
who sounds awfully Jewish to me.
We have an open line on the Mobile and Purple line, pound IOD.
We have one at day, 622-9463.
622-2WID.
Pretty damn good lunch from pizza loft today.
Would you say, George?
I don't know what you got fed in there, but like I said, pretty damn good lunch.
Thank you so much, Jeff.
And could be in such a yenta.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Greetings, Mr. Rogers.
And back to you.
Please tell me this is not true.
What's that?
Channel 4, just broadcasted.
You are leaving as at the sem or correction.
September 30th.
Yeah.
The WQAM?
Is that what they said?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is this true?
Do you want me to tell you an answer to that question?
Well, sort of yeah.
I don't know.
Oh, no.
Media propaganda.
I didn't say that.
Yeah.
Well, that's probably what it is.
Could be.
It's very well-could be true.
Yeah, it is.
Well, let me ask you this question first.
What difference does it make what station I'm on?
Well, it really doesn't, but there you go.
My radio station only gets 610.
Yeah.
Well, you'll have to get a new radio.
I know.
We'll ship it and maybe we'll buy you one.
I'm going to get a new car.
There you go.
Okay.
You know seriously, your car already gets 610 on a radio?
Yeah.
That's probably the only reason you're listening anyway.
I know.
No, no, actually.
I believe it.
Actually, you're somewhat...
I'm using.
You're knowledgeable, yeah.
I'm knowledgeable.
Yeah.
And full of it.
Okay, the request is...
But that Caron K girl's got to go.
Who?
Who is that?
Aaron K.
Aaron K.
Oh.
Oh.
Man, every time she does that, I think she just swallowed something.
Hey, Neil.
Were you at the airport yesterday?
No, I was not.
Okay.
But if it'll make you happy, yeah, that was me waving to you.
Anyway, what's the request?
Because we want to thank you very much for calling 610WI.
Oh, do me this call, get a little bit long.
Let's see your request.
I want to hear the...
I took a course in the Ibonics.
Ibonics graduate.
And also in close.
Excellent choice, yes, sir.
Mike Quinn, your douchebag.
Okay, the mighty Quinn.
Yeah.
And have a great day.
And Sally Quinn, too.
Thanks for calling 610WIOD.
We have an open-line in Broward, 7679463, 767WIOD on a great Friday.
Look at him.
Oh, my God.
Oh, he didn't just keep pouring in there.
Pouring in there.
I can't believe it.
Oh, Jesus, look at that.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Oh, and even Johnny Dolan's in there.
Oh, right after I ate lunch, too.
What a conspiracy this is.
An anemory is on George's lap.
Look at that anemory and George are joined like clones.
The entire gang, the Coxalhoist gang, is here with big smiles on their face.
And they figure, well, he's probably in a pretty good mood today.
We'll come over and try it out.
Johnny Dark, how are you doing, Johnny?
By the way, I wonder if Johnny and Johnny Dolan left me in a good graffiti over there at KISS.
Oh, it's just a joke.
And just getting...
Probably left a few messages on a wall.
They're probably kissing it.
There's Mitch Show-Win looking like a...
Hey, take a look around here at this.
I'm pretty impressive.
None of it works, Mitch.
But hey, it's dynamite.
That's because you're a good friend.
Bro!
What's his name there?
Real asshole.
So anyway, the Coxalhoist gang is here.
There's my good friend Tim Beon, who wishes we were back.
So we'd have a little excitement in the building.
And Greg Fadek is in there with a big smile on his face.
Look at these goyem.
Look at that.
And Johnny Darker's standing there doing what he does best, holding up the wall.
Hold and man, oh man.
Look at the frustration in the Cox building since we left George.
He's got a puppet the size of Montana.
And I'm not talking about Joe.
Man, is he getting fat?
Gigantic and humongous.
Not getting too much action.
No, Johnny.
That's the way it goes.
So there they are.
When you guys move it over here, by the way.
What is it?
To live fourth.
That's why I'm leaving.
So anyway, the Cox people are moving into the new building.
We'll be neighbors for a short time.
Okay, won't that be great.
We'll come over and invite you for food every day, huh?
Because these people, they don't know.
They don't know what's going on.
They're busy having meetings.
We understand they're having very big meetings down there in the
a Paxen building down to 207th and the 441.
They're having real big meetings.
They're down there holding their meat.
All the big head haunches.
All the people with titles which they'll building can't hold that many.
This is quite a treat.
Where's my good friend's Bob and Cheryl?
Where the hell are they today?
Oh, they've already been here once.
They've seen enough.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, listen, I have a tape of an ascended to if you want it.
But the Jerry Williams back, oh, in the 60s, when he got into a fifth fight with local politician
on the...
Oh, no, I've seen that.
That was on TV.
I saw that.
That was great.
It was dynamite.
It was on T television.
Huh?
It was on TV.
Yes.
When was this?
Oh, years ago.
Oh, really?
I have an audio.
Would you like me to send you a copy of the tape?
Or maybe I'm getting confused.
I'm positive I saw that.
Or else I heard it.
Maybe I'm confusing the audio.
But I definitely heard it.
What's Jerry Williams who's on the old MEX with the tape?
Right, exactly.
With Arnie Ginsburg.
Remember those days Melvin X Melvin and Mel Miller?
Oh, those were the days, man.
Are we in a track?
Yeah.
How about Adventure Car Hop in Saga's Man?
In Saga's Man, or whatever it is?
Oh, Adventure Car Hoppe.
It's a place to go for the song.
Right.
That's right.
Arnie Wool Ginsburg yet at Horn.
No, those were the days, man.
Oh, we need now his car to fuse.
Right.
Bring him back.
Hey, I got a request.
Tell me, please tell me Dave Maynard's still in on a year on BZ.
I think he's still on there.
No, Dave Maynard is living up in Hernando.
Oh, thank God.
He's 140 years old.
He was still on the year very recently.
Get him out of there.
You know who I used to love on WBZ in those days was Jefferson K.
Great, great man.
Great.
He was great.
What a great DJ he was.
He's doing some for NFL now.
Not sure.
Good for him.
He's Jewish, too, by the way.
Yes?
Yeah.
Do you have my girls, pussy?
In the well.
In the well.
Good luck to you, pal.
All right, man.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Okay.
What do you just say?
I woke up this morning with a feeling of dissaid.
I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, first, poor kid.
Kid, kid, kid, my cat fell in the well.
I got a ladder and I climbed down to my fence.
I saw your energy, me, that my pussy was soaking wet.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, poor kid.
Kid, kid, my cat fell in the well.
A dog on home by the bump.
Why she pushed and it she jumped.
Then Emma was a kiddie half-ass, pretty as pussy that fell in the well.
Then Emma was a pussy that could quite compare with her.
Pretty as a picture with her long and silky fur.
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, oh, if you're a pussy, pussy, pussy,
Kid, kid, kid, my cat fell in the well.
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't tread on cell.
Never let her wander or she might fall in the well.
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, first, first, first, first, poor kid.
Kid, kid, my cat fell in the well.
Oh, well, well.
1243 at WIOD on a momentous Friday, April 4th,
one of the greatest days in the history of our lives.
I'm not exactly sure I can put my finger on it, but I'll try.
We have an open line at day, at 622-9463.
But we never be, see, I shouldn't say it while they're still in the building.
God, I was sure great over there at Cox.
Oh, man.
Somebody told me everybody thinks the grass is greener on the other side,
but until you meet the real farthest of the gory, I mean, never gonna be sure.
And they were right.
You were right, Bob Greener.
By the way, speaking of Bobby Green, I should play that, shouldn't I?
Just as a, just as kind of a token of our affection.
You were right.
By the way, Bob, don't come into work tomorrow, please.
Buses are in Miami, walking downstairs.
It didn't see hangs like a stick and out.
By the grab the handrail, but Gary greased it good.
He won't be signing anybody out.
Oh, feeling pain is typical and working in this place.
Nothing, you ain't worth nothing less you're working for free.
Oh, bust your ass or bust your arm, it's all the same to me.
Bustin' it is good enough for me.
It's good enough for me and Bob, and Green.
1245, by the way, we owe them a big, you vote a thanks, George,
because you realize if they wouldn't have sold a station
and if all of this wouldn't have gone down, that you know what follow what I'm saying?
You following my logic?
Thanks, Bobby Green.
There you go, and don't come into work tomorrow.
It's Friday, you bastards.
Well, congratulations, get alive.
Today on ET, Paul McCartney talks about his recent nighthood.
How, Mr. McCartney, when did you get knighted?
Yesterday, and how was the queen?
Imagine he's pretty nice girl, but she doesn't have a long to say.
Really? Did you ask you to do anything?
She said...
Why don't we do head in the road?
Gross! So what did you say?
Maybe you can drive my car, and maybe I'll lose it.
No, no, no, not I want to hear that please, please be quiet.
Yes, he's the Hard Day's Night-Hus, please, please, and the queen.
He's Paul McCartney, and you can see him later today on ET.
1250, a W-I-D, you know those brits?
Sooner or later, they all please the queen.
We have two open lines, and they'd 6-2-2-9-4.
Do you hear that?
That thing is queuing up like real or up, like on the next cut there.
I like it a lot.
Hey, we don't care.
I mean, we're trying to do the best we can under impossible circumstances,
with marginal equipment, which somebody will repair someday.
It won't be max.
Anyway, here's Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes?
Yes?
Yeah, first time call in a long time, unrolled.
I'll bet.
It's enough to put you into a coma.
Sorry about that, sir.
Yeah, we'll listen.
I was calling to see if you work with the people off the lot, I guess, right?
Yeah.
I got a buddy money you used to work there prior to a burning down.
Yeah.
Okay, we're great.
I hope he has a great life.
Here we go, somebody with another story, another fictitious story.
Got a two-bite, he had to wait there long because he didn't get on here,
or whatever your bullcrap story was anyway.
Daylines all open, 622-946-3622-WIOD.
Don't you find it interesting to note that Brooke is getting all the crap about saying,
thank you for calling WIOD, while that new valley girl, Karen Waterer,
is saying that a thousand times, well, I don't know,
because I don't listen to that, what her name's show.
And she says, rude as a nursing home bathroom.
How do you like that?
Rude as a nursing home bathroom.
Could have anything to do with the fact that Brooke hasn't buoyed
and if the upper management says,
what kind of a disgusting thing is that?
Lay off Brooke, she's a dollar.
I mean, I love Brooke.
I just don't like that thing.
You know what I'm saying? You know that thing.
Don't like that thing.
Let's see what else we got.
Here we got, oh, that Rick guy again.
Don't read your facts, Rick.
Sorry, you're a chronic.
My first blood test, after starting the Atkins diet, is in today.
Dr. says my cholesterol is better, still room for improvement.
I exercise moderately, only had 15 pounds to lose,
I've lost eight already.
Everyone told me my cholesterol was going to skyrocket,
and they're full of crap.
All right, nice going, John.
Let's see, here's what it says.
I like your A. Sheffield.
It was smart to take the money and et cetera and so on.
I can't feel about the real good comparison here.
I guarantee you the athletes making that kind of money
would not dig in their own pockets and dig out $50,000
for three hours of anything.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Oh, the ball game.
Okay, whatever you say.
The letter is in regard to the recent 60-minute,
okay, that's it, we don't care.
Here's Michael Mayo.
That's right.
Another day, Rick from PLA, okay, we finally read it
when your faxes, because it's got a picture of Michael Mayo.
Another day without the apology, Dave Halberstrand.
I'm Michael Mayo from the, I got news for you, Michael.
You're being de-dewed as of today.
We're throwing you out.
You're no longer with you, all right?
No more Jew for Michael Mayo.
Hold the Mayo.
He probably eats Mayo like on his ham and cheese sandwich.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What a beat.
I got a, I sent you a fact yesterday of a picture.
With, with, he's just in the manger and instead of the three wise men,
it had the three wise guys, one guy holding a pizza,
one guy holding a briefcase full of money.
Yeah.
And again, we're like holding a gun in his jacket.
I wonder if he got that.
No, he did not.
Oh, he didn't get that.
Damn it.
I'll resend it to you.
Okay.
But I got a request.
This is how long I've been listening to you.
Okay.
It was like a banana.
No God.
No God.
Have to ask permission from Bob Green to play that.
Should've called five minutes ago when the guys were in the building.
All right.
Now, thanks for having us.
Have a great day, pal.
610 W I O D.
And thanks for recalling you 610 W I O D.
We have an open line at Broward 767 9463 767 W I O D.
Oh, I can't stop doing it.
It's killing me, man.
Don't do it no more, bro.
Don't do it.
I love you.
But don't stop doing that.
We have an open line in the mobile one line, pound I O D.
Oh, my God.
Look who it is.
It's my newfound friend with her heart hat.
You, they're making you wear a heart hat.
Yeah.
It's the first thing she's seen heart in a long time.
But anyway, Cheryl is here.
How do you like that?
Cheryl Riftkin formerly Ava Brown, but now she's our friend again.
Well, you know how it goes in life.
You can't be friendly forever.
It gets boring.
It gets monotonous.
And by the way, I bet you wait a lot of make-believe
Homin Toshnin' for him time too, Cheryl.
So the whole of the Gonsa Mishbuchas here today, how do you like that?
We just had everybody in here with their heart hat.
Oh, you look so masculine today.
With that thing in your hand.
I love you, Cheryl.
A lot of weight.
Where did you ask her?
Her bad herpes.
I just kiss Cheryl on lips and I have bad herpes.
No, I don't.
They're like, well, they're not too bad.
So anyway, welcome to 610WIOD.
For the moment, open line at dates.
And by the way, you want to say a few prayers.
Leave your rosemary beads and check it to the door.
So everybody's here today.
What is this a sign of?
Are you in?
What?
No, there's nothing here.
We didn't get her to feed you now.
You have to be a little more friendly than this to get fed.
Jeff is gone.
He's back to make Zillian some more dollars over there at the Apeatsalop.
You look lovely.
You look, you look, you do.
Doesn't, okay, you look like crap.
I feel like a walkie-talkie.
You're a walkie-talkie.
You look great.
I didn't like the hair the other way.
The hair the other way you look like a witch.
And look at how much nicer you act now, too, that you're hair is straightened out.
I think it was the hair.
It's like Samson, it's the same kind of thing.
So as Bob Green, is he still the same?
It's still the same.
Where is he, by the way?
Speak for myself, please.
Is he still the same?
Yeah.
He's still the same.
That tells me all I need to know.
But tell him, thank you so much, by the way, because if things wouldn't have worked out for whatever happened here.
Call up the sisters and say, thanks a lot.
Because you do know they sold a station to get rid of me.
Everybody's lining up to go back to work for Cox, okay?
What does that tell you?
That tells you we love the Paxing People, baby.
In fact, I think just an honor of today being a special day.
They sold this radio station.
Now the future is in town.
We've been talking about Paxing.
Ever since Cox pulled out, now we'll work for Paxing.
The man's a millionaire.
He's gone to work for Paxing.
He's like Wayne with more hair.
He's got a thing that is a bummer when Phil and Riz gone.
Say goodbye to Aaron and someers.
Say hi to Ron and Ron, they're gone on work for Paxing.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're gone on work for Paxing.
But Neil ain't changing his act.
Paxing's a born again Christian.
Rides his as he can be.
He wants to change the stations, letters, the WGOT.
Now we'll work for Paxing.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing, Paxing.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing, Paxing.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing, Paxing.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing.
Okay, 1258 at WIOD.
He told us that three separate times, not even like that, Cheryl.
That is absurd.
Okay, we have it right here on first-hand experiments.
That's absurd.
I know it's absurd.
But that's kind of like a bargaining point.
Don't you know, in other words, your piece of crap.
And they wanted to get ready, which is why they sold me the station.
But we don't want to talk about that on the air, because that's bad.
Yeah, I missed this great place.
Well, I'll tell you, it is a better location than the old one.
I mean, I'm sure you'll miss that one, too.
Yeah, like hemorrhoids.
And you got Wolfies right up the street here, too, by the way.
I know, baby.
Where they have a real homeontage.
Uh-huh.
You don't know about real.
Yours is the same.
Okay, whatever you say.
How about the homeontage?
Two minutes till 1 at WIOD.
50% talk.
50% entertainment.
And 50% pure damn luck.
610 WIOD.
Miami.
Fort Lauderdale.
It's the one to two hour.
Ten, ten.
You're a bum, you're a drain.
Ten, ten.
You're a bum, you're a drain.
She said I was two of these.
Ten, some pen, pen, or a leaf.
Now she's got me hooked on these.
I got him from Linda Energy.
My mouth is up, down, my head's spinning, down, and down.
I've been slept for three days now.
Whoo, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Some weight program, give me a break.
How many drugs do I have today?
My hair's hollering out, and it's been hard to pee.
Since I saw Linda Energy.
You know that my heart's been going wild.
I'll feel like I want to die
Gills that kill and concentration
Not to mention
I'll pretend you're crazy
Outfiddling, drugs all day
That drops away, but who in your brain
Production husband says it's okay
A physician is his name
My pulse is up, down
My hips spinning all round and round
Haven't slept for three days now
Woooga, woo
JAZO
to boka hello yeah i don't read
you see good morning in america that they said it that they're never gonna
uh... probably arrest a suspect in the john bane uh... case really is that
what they said
and the kind of hard for me to figure out isn't it now even her all those
gotta think of
and the sixty four thousand dollar question
is that uh... baby of michael jackson do you see that picture
yeah they look like a wake up all how did that baby uh... turn out like uh...
same color he is
good question
maybe is a watershed of pale
you got that such a man on top
do i have what the fludge man start man
much right
all fudge man
do i have them
no i don't
all is not around no more
uh... let me take let me check
see fine yet is matter fact
i'd like to hear from them okay pal
i bet you would
not everybody
it's not the
prop
hope they are
back
and
You're a rock hunt funny man.
Fudge back is a big white truck where you can weigh your lifter.
Fudge back baby.
The fudge back, but baby.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't have you wetting the watch.
Wait, let me get bent over here a second.
Oh, sure.
We have that.
Just come on around back.
I'll be having a third wheel.
Be easier.
Fudge back.
Fudge back.
Fudge back.
Fudge back.
Fudge back.
Fudge back.
No money here.
I haven't written nothing on it.
There's Georgians account and just brought him a gigantic check.
A gigantic something.
That's the guy that brings the fake home in touch in two, by the way, Cheryl.
This is for you, actually.
What is it?
You're like it.
What is it, a real home in touch?
He wouldn't know what if it hit him in the Yarmulka.
Anyway, it's 1-0-8 at WIOD on a tremendous Friday.
All our old good friends from the Cox people are here today.
We're having kind of like a little party in our pants.
What is it?
Something really Jewish, no doubt?
Good stuff.
It says critics claim diet clinics misuse obesity drugs from the Wall Street Journal.
Thank you so much, my Yiddish friend.
And good job, it's still you too, by the way.
And the same to you.
It says on a pale Saturday morning in Santa Monica, California, while much of the town is still
waking up, the waiting room of the Manhattan Weight Control Medical Center is already packed
with patients.
And it goes on about all these people that are waiting for their fenn-fenn.
That's right.
The pills are American home products corpse, hot selling redux.
An obesity drug, a combination of two other obesity drugs, fenn-fenn, etc., etc., etc.,
so on.
And it goes on to talk about the risk to the drugs and on and on and on.
It goes.
Sometimes there's a doctor, talks about a doctor in Tyler Texas who had met sometimes
for the scraps of drugs to people who need only to lose a few pounds, right?
Exactly.
And some of them don't need to lose any weight.
Some of them are skinny as a rail.
Not that they're addictive or that they're bad for you.
Let me just tell you again, if you want to try that fenn-fenn man, good luck to you.
And we'll bring your flowers.
That's just my personal advice.
Not being a physician, not being an expert, we know a lot of other people who are not experts
either, and know nothing about it who never even been fat and they're peddling it.
So just keep that in mind, okay?
Governing yourselves accordingly.
Here's Boka on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello, Nell.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
Neil, it's the clown reading the news that really upset me this morning.
Yeah.
I mean, is he a newsreader or is he a clown or is he part of your show?
Is he a newsreader?
No.
Is he a clown?
Yeah.
Really a clown.
He's just not funny.
He just doesn't cut it.
Yeah, I was going to say the only difference being that clowns usually are pretty funny.
Yeah, right.
Well, none of all the pecs and people they're having a party.
Perhaps they can listen to him and think about the party.
No, these are not the pecs and people having a party.
These are the cocks people from the previous regime.
Oh, no.
They're busy down having a big clandestine meeting down in the pecs and bowling.
Oh, well, they won't get to hear this clown, but he should be removed.
He doesn't add anything to the track.
By the way, I'll sure pass that along.
By the way, on the turn pack this morning, there is a car heading north called a border patrol.
It's not the first time I've seen it, nor the second.
Yeah.
He's obviously patrolling the border between Palm Beach and the Broward looking for aliens.
Okay.
Do a lot of that locally.
Is he serious?
He's serious.
Okay.
Tell him I'll see him there.
I'll see him there.
Okay.
And Tata, we have an open line in the mobile one, a pound line at pound IOD.
By the way, don't forget the yellow pudding pops.
That's what we're going to do.
We're going to take our amphetamines with yellow pudding pops, not phenobarbital, not
barb-bitcherids for taking amphetamines to all ourselves.
We want to do it the right way.
So at least when we die, we'll be like ultra skinny.
I want to die fast.
Yeah.
Any special reason?
Okay.
Let's go to a pompe-toe beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Great.
Sensational, sir.
Happy Friday to you.
Happy Friday.
You're saying you sound very happy.
Yes, I do.
Hey, let me ask you a question now.
Now don't get out of shape and hang up on it.
Okay.
I want to know.
I'm listening.
I want to know what is Rick O'Rally going to do if you go to QAN?
Probably show up every day by 130.
Go on here at 2 into a four hour show with suds like he always does.
I was thinking I had to.
See, I hate to break the news to you, sir, but we all have this desire of survival.
You know, self-preservation, putting some food on the table.
You've got to make a living, man.
That's what it's all about.
No, but I wish them nothing but the best.
I had an idea for a program for him for Rick.
Rick in Paxon, the Religious Hour.
Yeah.
How does that sound?
Well, it's got possibilities.
Okay.
Now, let me take something.
When you get to QAN, I got an idea for programming.
The first thing, the first thing you'll have the worst scene,
you'll have the cream, which is you, and then Hank will be over-stuffed.
Gene, how does that sound?
Sounds okay.
All right.
Okay, I said he'll take the slop over.
They'll take care, and if you go to QAN, I will never have to turn to 610 again.
Okay.
Take care, everybody.
See ya.
If I go, if I go, what do you think?
We have an open line in Broward, 7679-463-767-WID.
We managed to keep it almost completely quiet for a week.
It was very, very, a lot of speculation, of course.
And then, for some reason, that it just busted wide open.
That's not bad in this market, though, keeping anything quiet for more than a half an hour.
For like a week.
And I'm going to continue like I told them last week, a week you go today.
I told Peter Bulls, your eye intended show up every day.
And I don't do my best to do my duty.
And he said, duty my ass.
I said, no thanks.
And that's the way it is.
It's just, you know, you do your thing to be a professional,
and you just show up and you do the best you can.
And then life moves on, and we all continue.
Because we all got to eat.
That's all.
Not most of us have got big multi-gillion dollar yachts over there in Italy
with those goddamn Italians yanking us all around.
Some of us would like to be yanked around by some of those Italians,
but sometimes it works out.
Sometimes it don't.
Do you know what I'm saying?
As comma, say, dushbag in Italian.
Oh, that's right. Italian class tomorrow with their professori.
I can't wait for that. God is here. Good guy.
Does he tell us some great stories or what?
Do I know my Italian yet fluently or what?
No.
No, I really don't.
Oh, no, do a...
See, that's pretty good.
You can count to two in Italian. You got it made.
And then of course, quadro.
They don't know whether you're speaking Spanish or Italian in this joint.
So they look at you like, oh, okay, where's this one?
What are you coming from?
113 at WIOD.
WIOD. When the dawn is in town, she's not listening to us.
Oh, what are you thinking about?
What are you thinking about?
I believe we're ready now, though.
Congratulations, Mr. Jackson.
Here's your new baby boy.
Would you prefer paper or plastic?
That's pretty clear.
I can't wait to get you home, Shimon, and show you your new pacifier.
You're my baby, three-dish baby.
Oh!
What a lovely way to perpetuate my dead of failure.
I'm a baby, three-dish baby.
Shimon, you won't need a grip,
because I've got a up close to failure.
Oh, I want you to hold it.
Oh, the pond will then grow up, mate.
You'll get all you're deserving.
My love will be unswerving.
Until you reach 13,
you're my three-dish baby.
Come on, sit on daddy's lap.
He has a game to play with you.
Daddy wants you to find some magic springs.
Oh, Shimon!
118 at W-I-O-D.
Happy Friday, happy day before the weekend.
Happy three days after April Fool's Day.
Happy, etc., okay?
We're happy.
Happy, a good job, a good yonthiff, etc.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Happy Friday.
And back to you.
Listen, I wanted to ask you.
I've seen the story on Channel 4,
but I didn't read the article on the paper.
Yeah.
Did the thing...
I mean, you've made my 22 years here worth living.
Let's put it that way.
Really?
I wish you were on 12 hours a day.
Oh, sure.
But, you know, I realize you don't want to work 12 hours a day.
But my car sounds good.
My question is,
if you go to QAM,
they kept emphasizing on Channel 4,
how it's a sports station.
Yeah.
Let me just...
Let me just...
Let me just cut the game.
Oh, no.
Let me just cut it off at the pass, saying this.
Wherever I go, wherever I will be,
I will continue to be doing the Neil Rogers show, period.
So, it would be...
Well, not be doing a sports show.
I will not be doing any other kind of a show.
I will not be doing a hockey games.
I will not be doing standing on my head and doing summer assaults.
I'll be doing the Neil Rogers show, period.
All right.
How do you like that?
Okay.
I like it.
Okay, just as long as you're here.
That's all I care.
I'm here.
Okay, thanks Neil.
Okay, pal.
Bye-bye.
Have a great day.
Open line in Broward,
7679463-767-W-I-O-D.
Suds missed all the excitement here.
And Rick is on a way probably missing bonding
with all of his good close personal friends.
Cheryl was just here with a little tongue action
giving kisses to all.
And with that new hair to us,
she's got a new boyfriend, huh?
Under the age of 100.
Nice going, sweetheart.
And we had Greg Fadek,
and we had like Mitch Lewis,
and we had all kinds of people.
Johnny Dark.
I don't want to mention Johnny Dolan.
He was even in here.
What does that tell you?
Here's Virginia Key.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Great.
Hey, I want to do something different.
I want to instead of having some verb on the course with you,
making a request.
Yes.
I want to make the request first and sing a song for you.
Okay.
Is that okay?
Please.
Okay, can I hear ball-spot?
Yeah.
I don't have a ball-spot.
Okay.
Here's my song. You ready?
You mean the whole bit?
Yeah, please.
Okay.
Let me sing my song.
Okay.
We will follow Neil.
Follow Neil wherever he may go.
There is an invitation too big.
I still want to hear about Larry King's wig.
Sometimes today.
I hope K.A.M pays you one million.
And yes, we think,
brook, he's great.
The new news guy here is okay.
We miss one.
Mindy at our ears.
You're okay.
Don't see any girl.
No, don't go up here.
I'm a punter.
I know.
Okay.
Oh, God.
Give us strength.
Like I said, give us strength.
I just noticed something that in one of your interviews with John Candy,
I believe it looked like an older interview.
You had less hair than you have today.
How do you explain that?
I don't wear a wig, sir.
Paint your ball-spot?
What ball-spot?
You paint your ball-spot?
I don't know what you're talking about, sir.
My hair grows.
You paint your ball-spot.
I don't have a ball-spot.
How come you had less hair on the tape?
Maybe my hair grew.
Maybe I had a bad haircut that day.
By the way, something.
What do you care?
Paint your ball-spot?
I don't.
Do you paint your ball-spot?
Paint your ball-spot?
You sick of that.
It's great radio.
Amen.
121 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date.
6229463.
We got one in Broward.
767WIOD.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Paint your ball-spot?
Exactly.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I want to wish you happy Friday to all you fine people at WIOD.
Yes.
610WIOD.
Congratulations on your move wherever to help you go.
Thanks.
Smart enough to actually flip the dial.
Uh-huh.
I give you a call once a year to talk about hockey.
Yeah.
How do my devils look this year?
How do they look?
Yeah.
Awesome.
You think we could take the whole thing?
Could be.
And how old is Dougie Gilmore?
34, I believe.
34?
Yeah.
Still looking at him for a couple of years.
Yeah, he'll be useful.
Very excited to see him.
Sure been useful so far, hasn't he?
Tremendous.
And great.
Team around.
In L.It's plain really good.
Thank God that the Panthers didn't get Doug Gilmore.
And we got that stalwart, Kirk Mueller, who looks like an old man
ready to go out to see.
Yeah, you can have him.
We had him and life is good.
Right.
Uh-uh.
Roshameless request.
Okay.
Being a Zom Italian, you want to be Italian.
You want to go to Italy.
Can you play Baffongula for me?
Baffongula.
Yeah.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
I'll read it there, Chi.
Ciao.
It's Santa Ra.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Somebody raise their car slowly.
Be victorious in as far as they actually
ach sunny in the Jusias, not how to find us,
and fact they don't really see no mind us.
Remember Roy Meng operating for all the money that he has spent.
And the best I've ever been was back, we didn't see his end.
Now he's working for the metal ants holding up some man. Hey, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula. Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Are we on the air?
First, you have a light in there, not just pretend you have a light in there, damn it.
Anyway, it is Kosa Nostra, not Kosta Nostra, and it's also not Kasa. Kasa Nostra would be our house.
I know. In Spanish.
Yeah. In both languages, but he says Kosta Nostra in the song. Well, it was my point.
What do you want? He's a Guido. He's a Guido. What does that? What tell you want from him? He's a Guido. He's not a real Italian. He's a Guido.
Why do you think you say in Bapangula? That don't mean nothing. Thank God. Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Happy Friday to you. And back to you.
New guy. He's a worse. You got to get rid of him. Okay. He's gone. He's history. He's out.
Got a request for you. Let's send him out to buy his wife a necklace. Yes? About four or five years ago,
you guys had a bit. I believe it's called assholes on parades. Yeah. You still got it?
Four or five years ago. Yeah. And you think we still got that? Yeah. Yeah.
I was wondering if the family's request, you can play it. Have a great weekend. Thank you. Say goodbye. Bye.
Open line of dates. Six two two nine four six three six two two W I O D as we celebrate
whatever we're celebrating here today. What are we celebrating? I don't know what we're celebrating. Friday.
We're celebrating the fact that it's Friday. We're celebrating the fact that it was... And by the way,
you know, that story about the cox sisters. I know for a fact it was wrong. It's an asshole celebration.
It was a lie. And they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Oh, hear them shuffling feet.
That's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the native. Step aside, good people. There's the assholes on parades.
We got the assholes for freedom. The assholes for fun. The assholes for Jesus. The assholes for guns.
The assholes for justice. The assholes for crime. The assholes for assholes. The assholes for all time.
We got assholes making money. We're making all the rules. We're taking all our jobs. They're filling us by school.
The assholes on the water. The assholes on the sky. They sign the central wanted. The assholes need a fly.
Oh, teach you won't you tell me how that really made the grade. Am I held my quest or am I just another asshole on me?
I'm afraid.
The assholes get the orders. And assholes grow the boat. The assholes get elected. The assholes get the boat.
I once heard it said that all the assholes never died. They just lay in bed in a small fly.
The assholes in the morning. The assholes every night. The assholes are landing. The assholes are the right.
There's 20,000 assholes. The assholes are the right. Step aside, good people. There's the assholes on parades.
I like it. I have no life.
128 and WIOD.
16 WIOD.
132 at WIOD. We got all the Cox people in here today. It's unbelievable. It's incredible. They're all like a gut. They're hard hats on. They're all hard today.
Because they're getting their tour. They're brand new building right up the street. The old Y100 building up here. How do you like that? They say they're still skeletons of built tanorin that building. And I believe it.
Here's what and also probably Jim really. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil how's it going? Great. How did you play some WLS tingles before? Do you have any more of those? WLS.
WLS. No. Did you get the tape? I dropped off to you with the old WLS tingles on them. No. What was that? Probably about six or seven months ago.
Probably not. Can I ask a request of lightning round of some jingles? Jim played in well. Some jingles? Some old ones? Okay. You got it. See I told you we're doing requests in jingles today. And it took all the way to 130 before somebody with some taste called it and said, how about some old jingles?
And I say, Hey, let me find some old jingles. How's that? I got some old W. Oh, wait a minute. Look what I got here George. Wait till you hear these. Look out.
Oh, the woman with a man in mind on WQL. Through the use of a subliminal trigger igniter. Listen. W.
The pause that refreshes George. Shorted out with you. Oh, yeah. He's a tiger. Ring. Shaw. 89 W. Oh, gee. Let me reach over here in a rack. It's a good thing we didn't throw these out because.
79. All right. Okay. I'll find some more jingles momentarily. Okay. Let me wheel myself back up on top of the mountain here. We have an open line and the out of town line. One triple eight. 4749 463. One triple eight. 4749 463 better not play no more of those Q. A. M. Jingles. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale going once going twice. Here's Fort Lauderdale on six. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
Great show, man. A little too much Larry King today though. Okay. That's hurt me. Sorry about that. That's okay. I was hoping I could say a way out of a few minutes ago. You were speaking. Roger's got. Yeah. You were speaking about doing your duty. And I thought I heard a slight softening in your position. I pooped my pants. Yeah. On the other softening in my position. Yeah. On the other indoor sport that we have in South Florida. Yeah. Which we're not allowed to mention. Yeah. Be that as it may. How can you avoid mentioning.
Eric Reed the worst play by playing and I've ever heard. What do you mean? Avoid mentioning? I've talked about him for years. The one I talked to his teeth and just shev'n to shev'n to shev'n to five. Yeah, that was months ago. I heard that. Yeah. So what do you want me to talk about now? More the same. The guy. The music sounds best on W a B C. Okay. Thanks for calling 610 W I would be by the way pal and you're gone. We have an open line at Broward 7 6 7 W I would ease right Eric Reed talks through his teeth. Actually, there was once upon a time. I think it was either a year or two ago. He stopped doing that.
He stopped doing that for like two games and I came on and I said, you know something I saw a little bit of the heat game on TV. And Eric Reed actually was pretty good. And then he started to go back to an out of gas. Shev'n to shev'n and I saw God get rid of that guy. And then I met him on Mandisen show that one. It was last year. One Sunday that he was on there with the man which and boy talk about an ask us. God almighty. And I said to Mandisen, you could do better than that on the show. You might even have on the show being improvement. And he looked at me in last.
And I said, I'm not going to have to. Here he said, I bought South Steinberg and then I left. Here's homestead. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. God man. And I want to know if like you could play Ibonic. It's like the coolest one you got. Hebanax graduate again. You want to hear that I didn't hear. Come on man. You want to hear it again. You want to hear this again? Yeah. Okay pal. That's for you. Open line today. 6229463. I want to know what I'm going to speak now at pound IOD in it. I took her.
Because of the Ibonics. They say the future be brought for me. Now I can't get snow job. Cause I don't got no little. I was talking like an old league.
Roll. Ibonics taught me how this way. Now I can't do nothing. But my heritage say that's okay. Change my name to shoot. Roll. Drive a douce and a quarter. Ain't a Cadillac.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building there.
Bob. Grind the blues about poverty. White devil's got snow job for the end.
Hi. Hi.
I got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money.
Labor food sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing.
Ibonics ain't getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal a bus and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money. I was very old and a frigid dad.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building there.
Bob. Grind the blues about poverty. White devil's got snow job for the end.
Hi. Hi.
But Ibonics would get my life to change now.
Hi. Hi.
Got to go in, sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
That point, woolly goes cross-ranking it's right back to center.
He's set it up again.
All these pants.
It's up to by Carter, Yager.
That on the back gets a pass for the French.
Now I love you right here.
He's set it up again.
He has been this work time.
We know the ice.
And he beats him like a run-in view on the penguins' lane.
For the two.
Very old, I love you.
21 till two at W-I-O-D.
Happy Friday to all.
Why are we also happy around here today?
Everybody seems to be in a really great mood today.
Except Adam, who looks all pissed off.
What's he pissed off about, huh?
What'd you be pissed off about?
He just pissed because when Steve Cain comes over here,
they're probably going to make Nick Lawrence the executive producer
and he's not going to get it.
Oh, damn.
If I was him, I'd be spending lots of time outside getting a good tan.
Here's Halendale.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to wish you the best of luck on Q-I-M.
I need you to do a fine job.
Yes, sir.
And shameless request, please.
Okay.
Prison bitch from my friend Scott Dona,
you and Halendale,
is thinking about coming out of the closet.
All right.
Congratulations, Scott.
We knew you could do it, pal.
The man.
And Tom, to hang out of that,
so put a handle on it.
That's the luck to you, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
They say I love his tapoo.
They're what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherished each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a light of the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
We're lights go out at 10.
I can't escape the way I feel.
Now that would be a pride.
As long as I am my friend.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar.
And a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would get you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I guess that you were sent from up above.
Yeah, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
Oh, wow.
And your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
Oh, only have a request.
How about some gasoline?
Sure.
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I'm here to get away.
They sentenced me to seven years.
Now seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You're an infall maniac.
Jimmy.
I really hate these markers.
That you tattooed on my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm bored of picking up the sound.
And over prison bitch.
What?
Prison bitch.
Burn up the lights because I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
Welcome.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I'd live I'll stay.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
Is never leaving you.
I hurt you when I sold me.
But now you're my soulmate.
So come here, baby.
Come here.
I know, don't go.
Now I know what they call you.
Heart criminal.
You want to find out when you call this the polkae?
You don't want to go.
I've learned in the short time that we've been here in this building is that real serious born-again Christians.
Number one, they don't ever swear.
That's number one.
And number two, they would never ever make up stories in life.
144 WIOD.
WIOD is not your radio.
It's just real static.
New York.
Last week I did the craziest thing.
I flew to Oakland to learn and eat bonnets.
And then I hit the streets to go check out my stuff.
And what happened was quite ironic.
There was a black guy standing on the corner.
I said to him, buzz out.
And your blood, what's going down?
Well, he looked at me as if I was some kind of brain.
And you won't believe what he called me.
Check a book, check a book.
Now how do you like it?
Check a book, check a book.
But you don't like it.
Check a book, check a book.
The honky don't like it.
Check a book, check a book, book, book.
He said he bought an X- for you.
And he pulled out a gun.
I said, hey man, I'm just learning ebonyx 101.
Then he named that B and said, here's lesson what old you.
A rock, pop, a loop, pop, a rock, Sample.
As I lay there, I thought I was dying.
Someone called the paramedics.
I presume.
Then another dude said, man, you pathetic honky bull.
To the ebonyx again, it will be this and you.
Check a book, check a book.
Now how do you like it?
Check a book, check a book.
That's you don't like it.
Check a book, check a book.
The honky don't like it.
Check a book, check a book, book.
I like it.
Check a book, check a book.
149 and W-I-O-D. Let's do dear field V.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Can you please play Pope Smokes Dove?
The Pope Smokes Dove.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
That's what I heard.
The pubsmokes Dove.
The pubsmokes Dove.
God gave him the grass.
The pubsmokes Dove.
Yeah.
He's a good head there.
The pubsmokes Dove.
Oh my God.
The pubsmokes Dove.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Guys, I am the skill in chasing my effect.
Homes in Wom get thrown on bread.
Jesus breaks out back.
Jesus Christ is super happy.
Never stop chugging.
Pope's invoked you stone a lot.
He's the chastisest right.
Oh.
The pubsmokes Dove.
God gave him the grass.
The pubsmokes Dove.
He likes you spaghamads.
The pubsmokes Dove.
He's a good head there.
The pubsmokes Dove.
The pubsmokes Dove.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
They're checking to line up the hill.
Two fudgees, paleo water.
Two forgets and take a pill.
Nice and scoured in juicet.
Taking pills and not a joke.
Four ain't proven both.
First and second, do it took a narrow one and spoke.
The pubsmokes Dove.
He gave him the grass.
The pubsmokes Dove.
He likes you spaghamads.
The pubsmokes Dove.
He's a good head there.
The pubsmokes Dove.
They're coming down the electric channel.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
The pub is getting higher.
It's not going to be too slow.
The pub is getting higher.
the pub is getting higher.
The pub is getting higher.
The pop star's dove, got keepin' the grass.
The pop's dove's dove, he likes his stoke mass.
The pop's dove's dove, he's a cruiser.
The pop's dove, the pop's dove's dove.
The pop's dove, the pop's dove's dove.
Smokes, dove, ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
no, no, no, no, no, no, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid simple.
heißtig calm, is be heard a pyj거든요illes, you know if you were... zeggen
because Michael won't help a mountain. He says,
Cheach, Abort.
I wonder which your professor would think of that.
Which means?
Well, Chi Chi, which is a bad pronunciation of Chechi,
which is the Garbanzo beans, you know.
Oh, Chi Chi.
It's a Cheach, which is a bad pronunciation.
Abort, you know, that's the door.
A port.
Oh, port, that?
Yeah.
I think that's about the worst example of it.
Oh my God.
And the Cheach Abort.
Huh.
Very lovely.
Well, let me ask you this.
The Sicilians, though, don't speak the same.
They speak Sicilian.
That's correct.
Right.
And as I, because people tell me that not only Sicilians,
but also the Napalatanos, I'm not talking about the horse
people in Papano, but the people from Naples.
They're not with us.
Right. They also speak a different dialect
that is so different that it's, if you knew like real Italian,
you wouldn't know what they're like we're talking about.
Exactly.
That's where my people came from.
And that's where I heard the worst examples of Italian.
Right.
But I was a kid in Brooklyn.
Only if you pretend you don't understand the Sicilians,
they're making offer you can't refuse.
So you just smile and say, see, see.
But the Napalatanos look down on us.
And my mother always said, oh, those Indians, you know, they.
See, if I ban you, whatever you say.
Anyway, love the show.
Follow you wherever you go.
Thanks, pal.
All right.
I'll read the air, Chi.
Ciao.
Ciao.
Bonacere.
It's almost time for Bonacere.
Thanks to the state of California,
Ibanix has become an official language.
But on the east coast in Brooklyn,
Pizanix is ruling the street.
Use guys.
Check out the **** and bambenos on that broad
and get a load of her poop.
English translation, I really enjoy her company.
So last night, I banged the hell out of this chicken,
this real classy joint.
English translation, I made love to her
in the back of my Camara.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm the main tenon's director.
We're all the youth hangouts.
English translation, I'm a janitor at the elementary school.
If you'd like to get your copy of hook-don Pizanix,
just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope
and shove it under the back door of Mario's
over on the west side and will be in touch.
Gras yameele.
155 at W-I-O-D. Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
How you doing, El?
Great.
Hey, listen, Alex Hernandez getting any more money
since they've named the team after him.
Alex Fernandez?
Yeah.
They've named the team after him.
Every time you hear the news, Alex Hernandez
and the Marlin, right?
Right.
Yeah.
Well, no, they're paying them by the pound.
That's why he owes the team now.
OK.
Yeah, really?
That's right.
Listen, can you play something for me?
I might.
Courtney Lobb does the Shakespeare?
OK.
Thank you, sir.
Courtney Lobb does Shakespeare?
Oh, yeah.
Is that what that's called?
George?
I guess.
You guess?
Well, I never actually saw the title of it
since it's on one of the other things.
Oh, it's on one of these things that I got in here.
And am I going to find that before we have time to get out of here?
Because if I don't, he's going to be.
It's going to ruin his weekend.
I don't want to ruin that guy's weekend.
Do I?
Does I?
Oh, where's number 51?
I can't find number 51.
This is so depressing.
And so on.
You know, and I'm going to feel bad.
I'm going to tell you what.
If we go 10 minutes over and the Rick and Suds,
I'm going to find that stupid damn thing.
And then I don't think it's the one he's talking about anyway.
You know what I'm saying?
Where is it?
Where the hell it be?
Where do it be?
There's 50?
There's 52.
Where the hell is this number 51 for Quenna?
Are you hiding it?
Are you sitting on it?
Are you like squeezing it?
Oh my God.
Manajalam is area.
No God.
Like I said, it's around somewhere, but forget it.
So anyway, I tried like hell.
Tonight you saw me.
You were witness.
I tried.
Too bad he loses.
156 at WIOD.
Noble prices.
That's what they say at University Dodge in Davy.
