Okay, I see yeah, I didn't know D for was one I knew Joe Rose
Why you think you got that gap in his mouth?
We have an open line in the out of town lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three
We have one a day six two two W I O D on a great Monday you can feel it you can smell it in the air everywhere
My thing is healing back up in fact
I should have brought a big bottle of hydrogen peroxide in here today and just kept gargling with it right on the air got a 90 share easy
Are you using just straight peroxide or the peroxide mouthwash?
Do they have a peroxide mouthwash? I didn't know they had one. Oh, yeah, we use it all the time. It's great. It is
Make sure mouth all foam up, but it tastes good. So does hydrogen peroxide makes it real foamy
But it tastes all minty and I'll tell you what it makes it even better net is if you just take your lead foamy
And your spritz that in your purse can't get foamy or the net
Well, here's a Pemberk pines. Hello. I wanted it. Hello. Yeah, sir
Hey, these panthers were in a coma. Yeah, I mean, I mean that's the understatement
I mean the last two games that we played well were back against Jersey and Buffalo since then it's I got news for that
Buffalo game was okay, but they they they came down here to play golf that weekend. They didn't show up at all
I mean, this is this is I mean the Jersey game was a great performance and other than that
We've been playing mediocre at best and embarrassing at worst and these guys are like
Tonya it's I mean, even just watching a
Watching paint dry it was pathetic. Yeah, thank God I had a tangent class didn't have to see that crap
Well, you know what you might want to take lessons on Sundays too. I can't I mean
I mean here I was a couple of what's old geared up by the way
Haven't got my playoff tickets yet and me either I don't know if that's I sent him the money a long time ago
So I have no playoff tickets yet Wayne
Is that a sign of things to come possibly? Yeah, maybe they're switching the dates around now or maybe just
I mean do you remember when we were like in first place by so far
We got off to that phenomenal start again. We were so many games over 500 now. We're just five games over 500
We got 19 ties. Oh most of those ties you do realize we've blown the lead late in the game
How many games have we blown a lead late in the game over and over and over again?
I'm looking at the schedule just from the last you know, let's say March
Like you know 15 games that we played two games that we played well and the rest we didn't show up right
I mean we're losing a team the Tampa game the Tampa game
I was out of town that weekend. Thank God. I hear it was a coma coma and you know and I have to I'm not saying that the
I mean
First thing is best luck over Q a M
But I agree with it. He's not playing a stroke. I mean he's got these guys in there
I mean did I miss something did struck a re-injure the groin again after that
Why me he put him in there for one game? I thought he played okay in that game
He didn't score any goals, but he played okay was rusty and played in weeks
I thought he was okay now all of a sudden while if I'm gonna sit out Chris Wells
I'm gonna set out struck a two to piss off Neorodgers. I don't know what kind of a coach this is anymore
What any place Kirk Mueller? How could you in good conscience when you're fighting for all mice put a dead man out there on the ice?
I have I've watched Kirk Mueller for years. Okay, I'm gonna tell you he had his moments with the Leafs this past year
But generally speaking and earlier in the year I was saying that Kirk Mueller that trade and the Larry Murphy deal
We're about killed the Maple Leafs and so instead of getting dug Gilmore they might have gotten Kirk Mueller Kirk Mueller blows
And then some they can send it back to Kingston with a banjo on his knee
But you know the other thing is like they keep saying that struck is not score
Well, I don't see anybody's score right? Who's the who the hell is scoring? How many goals have we had in the past?
We had three I'm gonna tell you one more time the best line this team has had all year long with
Strocalaurean Shepard and you'll never see that line reunited ever again. You'll ever see it again
I mean it's because the coaches become a hard ass. He's a legend in his own mind. He's a genius
He knows it all the general manager. He's a genius. You can't tell these guys nothing
They had one tremendous year and all of a sudden their experts they know everything
Well, you know the sad part is in believe me. They can keep trying to pedal Chris Wells from now until the end of time
This kid is never gonna be a player. I don't care how hard Jeff rumor tries how many hernias he's got
How long his tongue gets Chris Wells is never gonna be a player? Well on that, too is every opportunity during or any broadcast
When his name can come up it goes on and on about it's like no other players
Who they touch the puck you have a great to see Chris scored the tie goal. Oh, yeah
Right, well, guess what he didn't then they lost the game now. I can't wait for you to get the QA
And this way you can stop management from talking about hockey because he is oh just listen to him
I had a accident yesterday listening to his synopsis of the game other than saying that we suck
Yeah, just try to him to describe I mean he's just I mean he's just take the football
Let him talk on his show about football when you get over there
You do your hockey thing and it'll be great for George's now. He's just got to drive right down the street
He'll be happy right? Oh, we're we're not gonna be in that building. Oh, you're not no
We're gonna be someplace else really well
Neil the best to look to you because you don't deserve any of the crap that you put up with and
These people here I really
Have you and I feel sorry I'm not exaggerating there must be some people in this organization who need mental assistance because what they put me through and
Others as well the last few months. I wouldn't put my worst enemy through
I mean I just don't know what these people are thinking about you know
You always say for people not to get in this business and this is a class example. Why you got this one guy
It's I mean, maybe he's got nothing better to do. You know, like you see you got a $12 million house
It's like maybe I don't know something. I don't know how he finished that $12 million house because I think he's a few bricks short
Well, you know what have a great day pal. I'm in your love. Yeah, okay. We have I mean a lot of brick short
I'm seriously I had a meeting with that man about tomorrow be a three or four weeks ago tomorrow and I never I never had such a
Hour and a half in my lifetime. I walked out of there going. I've been a little bit like that
What what the hell just happened in there. What was he talking about?
What was that man talking about in there?
And about getting peaks of 20 shares and about this soccer team that he didn't wind up getting anyway and about
Bapapapapa just just kaka just kaka
He's gonna reinvent everybody and make us all better and in 15 months
He was he was very he was prussian about that George when he kept on everybody in 15 months
I was gonna be a much happier man. He was right about that because I'll be out of here
I'll be away under from the thumb of buddy bud rhymes with
1115 at W I O D the water that's coming out of your tap man
I wouldn't even feed to him. That's how bad that water is it's bad stuff
It is loaded with chlorine. It is loaded with all kinds of stuff that you can't see with an a-cut eye
Some parts of town it's so bad that you're naked. I can see how yellow that water is how schmutzy it looks
You put it in the glass you take a good look and you want to bar from it
You're drinking it your kids are drinking it your pets are drinking it you're cooking with it to make a long story short
Call aqua then and they'll give you water straight out of your tap that is absolutely sensational that has no impurities
whatsoever they've been doing it in town for over 17 years making systems for
Residential commercial even laboratory needs they really know their stuff and when they come to your house
They'll show you exactly they'll do an analization for you of your tap water and you'll be your hair will stand up straight
When you see the kind of stuff you've been drinking so pick up the phone and call them today
There's no obligation call aqua then one triplet water 21 and for a limited time you get a free filtration in your bathroom
When you buy any aqua-thin purification system call them today when in doubt check it out one triple eight water 21 for aqua-thin
Hey Jim how are you? Ah suicidal what do you mean? Why don't I like to kill myself?
Proud of the round you should try rap quick rap quick yeah rap quick is an easy step by step course into the rap world
It teaches you how to look cool how to string groups of rhyming words together and most importantly it guides you into gang affiliations
Well that sounds great, but I still don't understand how it helps me to kill myself. You don't kill yourself. Someone will do it for you
When you want to die in style use rap quick it's easy and cool of elbow to local record store
1119 at W.I.O.D. Happy Monday to all we have an open line in a day 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 we have one in Broward 7 6 7 so who is this that's bringing a slunch by the way?
Do you hear that? Oh?
This machine man. Hey, don't worry about it. Who's bringing a slunch? I
Forget the name of the place because Max is leaving in a week anyway, so don't worry about that and Pete did come in here this morning
Everything working okay get out of here. Go away. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir
I just turned radio on and
I'm not shocked like when's the move in a few months. All right. What happened? You went into a meeting and they just let me through the bombshell on your work
They threw up bombshell at me. What are you talking about? Well, I'm you're going to Q.I.M. Yeah
And you've been with the Iowa dreams for so long. I mean how does that happen because it was my decision?
Good for you because I came to my senses and I said I don't want to work for people who treat me like this who haven't got a clue
I don't want to work for a buddy Bud Paxing who doesn't belong in this business. Let him go sell his a pubic sir
Coni is I'm saying let him go do something that he knows how to do which is not radio broadcasting it is not his vocabulary
I love out of his realm that the people in this company are drowning. They have no clue what this business is all about
I cut you I saw that in the light bulb is right up there rally and they're even screwing that thing up
You know I'd say one thing there goes neighborhood because
W.I.D. is going down the tubes the only thing you have left is Rick and such yeah
Well, let me ask you something haven't you noticed that since this transition took place on the 30th of last September that the dolphins have disappeared
Yeah, that mandates has disappeared that D.Fo has disappeared that Kimba Bojangles has disappeared that I'm gonna be disappearing
Jasper K and then still Henry the best feel Henry disappeared before they even said he kind of like slipped through the cracks right because they really know their crap
It was unbelievable
You have the most informative investment attainment on the air and then yeah, but we never had that new news guy
Well went down Melvin Robert Jones Billy Bob Schwartz the turd we never had him right right
Where's the new location we're gonna be what the station?
Because I know it's not a day. You said I'm not sure I can't I don't I'll find out if I can tell you now
I mean it's not that it's big secret, but it's gonna be a new studios
Well, congratulations and I like that everywhere I go now. I get brand new studios. I like that well
You deserve the best you didn't remain man. Amen and I was hit on the news crews. Yeah
I'm a long time veteran and I hope to pass for you. Well, I'm glad you survived that
Thank you, and I know you know packs and probably sitting there like people call you know strings like there's a puppet
What do you mean by that? Well, I don't think it came from him
Same for people hire you don't think what came from him?
Well, you decided to leave yeah, why I mean they tried they've been they've been on their hands and knees here begging
After they treated me like garbage and then dittled me around with all kinds of crap and try to get me to sign
Agreements, which I wouldn't sign where I wouldn't say crap on a year now all of a sudden
Well, you're not really leaving are you yes? Oh, sorry
You know what I mean? I can't take it anymore. Okay pal. See you get out of here
We have an open line. Who's that that?
What was that a new sales guy or who was that that Andy Moog?
I mean Andy a quarter scourge just brought back there. We got more people come back here dittling around
Looking in a window. I feel like I'm in a fishbowl. I feel like a kissing gurami
Without the partner I wanted it exactly
We have an open line in Broward you won't see him in here no more. I'll talk just another CT
We're gonna change his name from JC to CT. That's all he is that's right
See a million guys like that all my life hot looking young guys, you know big, you know their stuff don't stink
Real good looking pus real a hot body, you know the whole deal nice tan out there modeling in their spare time making the big bucks
CT I wanted it open line at day 622. Yeah me too one in Broward 7679 463 you have no idea mister
Let's go to
Navy hello
What is it I've been gone for two and a half weeks. Hey, leaving I just came back today to me you were leaving I'm leaving
Station yes, are we gonna do now? We are we gonna discuss this now for
It's not for months. I'm going to another station. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not leaving the market
This doesn't have to be like the Phil Henry thing. He was going to Los Angeles. I'm not leaving town
I'm not gonna spend the next six months on the area. You're talking about I'm going to QAM. What kind of a show with that be?
I love you. Don't leave. I'm not going. I'll pay you whatever you make just not to leave town. Yeah, right
How come everybody's joining the morning bandwagon now because they're phony's because this is Miami
You don't understand that this is Miami. Would you expect any different?
Sooner is gonna be the heat in the dolphin. No the heat. They don't like the heat the heat when every day they still don't like him
No, seriously, you know you're in trouble when you when you're in first place when you win every stinking day
And they still don't show up then you know you've got a real problem. That's great town. You know, right great
All right, well, I'm glad you're not leaving. I'm not going
You know what you know the bash the station because whether you're fired you set to pay a contract
I
Have a great day pal. Okay. I
Think he wants half I wanted it. Yeah, but
Oh these people today. What the hell is with them? I mean this thing is going on day after day stories in the newspaper
Finally Friday we give the you know the Emma's there it is. Okay. There's this story and now let's go on with life
Oh, you're leaving a station you're going down. Yeah, that's it. We're leaving even Harry Valentine. Don't get it
Even he doesn't get it. He's the new PD slash manager. He's asking George's neor really leaving
What can we do to get him to stay?
Did he really say that what can we do to get him to stick around?
Words to that effect oh
Let me draw you a big picture. Let me draw you a big huge on a give me a crayon. Okay, give me a big crayola
I'll put it on the wall when he comes in goodbye
Good luck. I wish you know
The best in the world you should only have mazel. Okay, you go. Yes, you're cup you you should only have lots of mazel
But get out of my face already. It's over its history. I
Could tell you the I could write not a book but in cyclopedia not about the six months here
Just about the last three months about the so-called negotiation the contract renegotiations all brother
How come some other people could do in just a matter of a moment's practically what these people couldn't do in three months
But bud really wants you. Yeah, right
He's gonna reinvent the a Roger just like he's gonna reinvent the wheel
He's gonna reinvent everything else because he stepped into a bucket of crap with that pubic sir Kony of stuff with the home
Shlok network now all of a sudden he's a genius I
Mean I've spent better hours and a half with diarrhea than the hour and a half
I'm I'm a serious I have spent with with screaming diarrhea more productive hour and a half of my life than that meeting
I had with buddy bud three weeks ago tomorrow and that right here in this building I can throw a brick from here to where that meeting was and I probably should
But like I said when you're a few bricks short you can use an extra I
Mean that was just unbelievable talking gibberish talking kaka
We have an open line at day 622 W I O D. We have one and Broward 7679
I keep showing up here every day try to be a bench try to be a professional try to do a job
And these people here they just how many how many months have I said it how many times if I had if I had a
Thousand dollars for every time I've said these last six months these people just don't get it
I could be tear right down say screw all of them
They don't get it. They didn't get it then they don't get it now and guess what they are never gonna get it
I wanted it well big deal. You're still not gonna get it
God almighty clueless clueless
I'm a working I'd bud like crazy. We're working so you don't have to send it
Yeah, get off the phone. Okay, Rhonda. I'm in the middle of a show here already
Crazy people
Okay, let's have a meeting with Alan then we'll have a meeting with Jay and then we'll have a meeting with Jim
Boca they got more damn bureaucrats like I said
You talk to somebody 930 in the morning about something 2 30 and after doing somebody else calls you back with an answer
And oh guess what they never even talked to the first party
Open and then you remember the question here that we had to fill out about
And it was all the quiet everything that they do wrong which is almost which is why I was such a long questionnaire like 400 pages
Is there too much bureaucracy here? Is it too difficult to getting getting things done?
Are there too many people involved in decision-making? Yeah, yes
Like you got to put out a question air for this to figure it out like maybe this was all from a guilty conscience or maybe we have to document for somebody
Maybe we have to put it in front of his push to convince him that this ain't the way you do business
Hey, I'm busy. I saw him a 45 million dollar TV station
I don't have time for this see when you got that much money
You can dittle people's lives around and I just decided I don't want my life dittled around
It's too important to me. It's not important to some other people
But to me it's still important which is called self-respect. Thank you fat boy
1127 at W.I.O.D. when it's time to get a new mattress man when you've like
Can you imagine a mattress that fat boy must sleep on oh my god?
Because he was just in here handed me something Jeff. Hi. Can you imagine what that mattress must look like?
And if his wife is smart, he sleeps in a separate room at this point not just on a separate bed in a separate building
But at any rate. Oh, now what are you holding your nose for? Do you think his mattress? I want to give you a
exactly
Thanks. Yes. Why let's see as plastic a mattress covers you
That was bad Jeff. Hi, you better go in there and have a talk and do a George. Okay. He's saying terrible things about you
Even if they are true anyway, if your mattress is had it okay, whether Jeff high is slept on it or not even whether CT is slept on it
I wanted it. Here's the answer pick up the phone to call 1 800 MATT R E S leave off the last S it stands for
Sucking around. That's right. They've got every kind of great mattress. See Lee posture pedic
Surder perfect sleep or Simmons beauty rest rest on it comfort care
They got the electronic adjustable mattress. They got that brand new mattress that comes with a 20 a million year guarantee
They got every kind of mattress under the sun and they save you a humongous amount off what you pay for exactly the same goods in your department store
And as far as deliveries concerned you can't be to many where they deliver every day seven days a week from
Seven o'clock in the morning all the way up to 11 o'clock and I within a two-hour period
So the bottom line is they deliver when it's convenient for you and you don't have to sit around waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
Until you get as old as mothuzla pick up the phone to call them today. No questions asked to give you a great deal convenient delivery
Save you a ton of money 1 800 MATT R E S leave off the last S it stands for strata
610 W I O T
Oh Neil Rogers
That's the place for me. I got my brand new Nike's and I'm ready to die
A poison cello with the rest of the guys. We're going to a spaceship. There can be see our souls will be taken by a particle beam
Castration is the only thing that bothered me. You got to sit down to be
You know I think the poison is affecting me. It's the hellbop comment for me
Oh
1132 a W I O D we have an open line on the mobile one purple line. We got two in date
We got one in brown. We got them all over the place. Okay. It's one of those days. They're spastic
They're here. They're gone. They're everywhere all these Panther fans
They're waiting for Wednesday against New Jersey when we'll probably get shut out and then Friday against Pittsburgh
Which you that could be you do realize that could be the game penguins. We got four games left. We got two
That's bad news
That's bad for us and they got two of the pathetic Bruins which I guarantee you they aren't gonna lose to the Bruins like we did
Saturday and Boston what an effort that was was that pathetic was that week was that unbelievable was that sad
Here's Kettering Ohio. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir? I got a phone call at 10.30 this morning saying you were going to Q.A.M
And I jumped straight up out of bed. Yeah, and here you'd like to stay in bed. It's about 35 degrees out
Yeah, sure
Mm-hmm. So 85 here you have a no compete you can
You'll be on the air and you'll go straight over there. You won't I'll be back in two weeks
I'm not gonna get into a legal discussion of oh, you know
Which day it is that I'm leaving and which day I'll go on. I mean, uh, how do I know? I don't know
Well, I'll tell you what I was happy to hear it because when they get rid of Phil Henry
I told my dad. I said you'll be right behind me
He's not gonna stay there. They've jerking around so much
I mean the way that they've treated me here these last three months especially has been so grotto
Well the whole six months, but it's been like about the last five months since we came in the studio and nothing was working
And then the so-called renegotiation on their part. I mean, seriously
I'm not exaggerating these people need help. They need psychiatric help
They have no idea how to treat human beings. I don't want zero
Zipity doda. I don't know what they think that if they can passify you by taking you for a free meal once every six weeks
That that's gonna like they can you know kiss and make up and smooth everything over and they can apologize for how inept they are
I'm sorry that don't get the job done. I don't know what they paid for the station
But I think they just read 13 million they were they were given this radio station 13 million
Paxons got a house that's worth 12 million
They paid only 13 million for this station and the property over there on 79th Street
They were they were given the station
Well, I'll tell you what the stress they put you through I'm glad to hear you're going to QAM
And I'll call you in about another six months. I'll be back in two weeks. Okay pal. All right, Neil. I'm fine. Stay warm. Okay. All right
Two open lines and date six two two nine four six three
We have an open line in Broward seven six seven W I O D
We have two on the other town lines the worldwide wicked let web lines the Palm Beach lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three
Here's Miami. Hello
Any way you doing it great
You know at the panther game. There's a gentleman that sits by me and
I've noticed he's brought a couple of guys to the games that are obviously hockey players a couple weeks ago
He brought dominant cash when we played Buffalo. Yeah, I introduced myself to him and he said that he
He defected from I believe he said the Czech Republic and he was the goalie for
Toronto and from 79 to 83 and I forgot his name
He was the goalie for Toronto from 79 to 83. That's what he told me
And he defected from the Czech Republic. That's correct
And his last name was real short like a four letter
name
79 to 83
Peter in
That's the only short named goalie I can think of it might have been a check for the maple leaves
Peter in i and g
Ryan GE
It wasn't him. No sure wasn't well. I don't
Beats me maybe somebody else knows beats a lot of me. Okay. I just thought of check. Okay. We'll find out
Or not okay. There you go. All you elite fans out there all three of you
Peter eng that's the only name that seems could fit into me. He was uh who
Yuri Sura
Yuri Sura I never heard of Yuri Sura of course he back in that period of time
I was in I was in limbo because I was in Florida. That's before I got my satellite dish
Boy back in those days if you were a hockey fan down here
You might as well forget it because there was no you think the coverage is weak now
There was no coverage in those papers would have the scores
Maybe a sentencer to here in air and uh, and that was it
That was it nothing zippity doodah like we're talking about aliens from outer space
What was it again Yuri Sura?
Are you serious in the hotline that confirmed that by the way. Oh there is oh
Oh no it can't be it is oh they're back
We are you guys actually had the balls to come back to town. I didn't need to go on the air
I just wanted to let you know that indeed was Yuri Sura. Peter eng was a good guest though, wasn't it?
Yeah, Peter eng is a pretty good guest. Yeah, not right though. No
Kind of like some of the misinformation your partner has been passed out less is he on laughing gas now or what how you doing
What is he coming up with he i'm telling you yesterday
This man came up with names and with stories. I love the way he pronounced that Russian kids name
This the i'm not gonna get into it. Yes, I'm doing great. How are you?
Congratulations on what i'm shocked they come home and my wife tells me this exciting news. Yeah
Congratulations quid bull crap in rumor
I'm just congratulating you once a matter you're afraid Barry Jackson is gonna find out that you already knew is that it
What do you need Barry Jackson for what's he gonna do for you? Hey, I'm not getting involved in your
What's that little pudwacker gonna do for you? I'm not getting involved in your business. Yeah, okay. How are you great and
Pretty bad road trip rumor pardon me pretty bad road trip. Yeah, we struggled
I thought the team played better yesterday though
It all you thought they played better than what again spost and maybe huh?
Well, no, I thought they showed obviously a sense of urgency was a pretty good effort
And if you remember it was a good effort
Neil blow in the game with less than a minute to go who was covering Peter Bondra there at the end
Well, obviously you could have gone down there covered him with a blanket and done a better job
There was nobody within 15 feet of Peter Bondra the one guy we needed to be worried about the one guy and as soon as he got the pass
I'm saying oh no here it comes. I know it. I could smell it
Anyway, Mike Lang says to say hello. Yeah, we should do a hockey show this week. Yeah, let me keep threatening it
Yeah, all right. If you want to do it before the playoffs Mike great good idea. Let's get Mike on a year. We'll get a real broadcaster on there
Yeah, you okay and Mike yeah, yeah at any rate
I thought that yesterday's effort was much better way as Mike you've Paul coffees
Okay, I know that he remembers him from his Pittsburgh days the rumor is he keeps backing into things
Yeah, well Paul's out for seven to ten days and here you want to hear some real good news for rain
I hate to break the news to you but Paul coffee played yesterday. He did play. Yeah, okay
Well, see I didn't see the game obviously. We were playing at the same time
But coffee's got a bad back and I know it but he did play but there are two other first like Bondra wasn't supposed to play
And our bad luck he winds up playing and scoring the time goal well
Boy, see that kid is a great player and a dirty player too. He was my neighbor when I lived in Maryland
Yeah, he was telling me so but don't tell anybody
This is before the game yesterday don't tell anybody but I'm gonna try to play and we'll see what happens after the pregame warm up
But there are a couple of other serious injuries the teams right after contend with number one
Pittsburgh may have lost Ken reggae for the balance of the season really for the third time that hamstring
Problem has affected him maybe on his bad as the previous two
But more importantly for the New York Rangers mark Messier is having an MRI today
And the word is he might sit out the final three games of the regular season with great good. That's good news for us
Which means that the Rangers aren't as much concerned about finishing
Fourth as they are getting Messier healthy for the playoffs. Yeah, but a determination on his
Available would be made later on today as well
So it should be quite interesting here this final week of the season
We're in trouble. No, let me so let me ask you did struck a get re-ingered
Uh, no, he did not so how come he didn't play again yesterday? Well yesterday
How come he didn't play the last two games again yesterday the coach says matter of factly
I've got to go with my veteran players and
Obviously he went with the veterans and I thought as I said they played with that sense of urgency something you thought Kirk Muller played good yesterday
He played better than he has oh
Man, oh man, he played better than he has
Let me also I know some guys that have belts shorter than this guy's tongue. Let me also remind you now
Yeah, all right just so you don't
How about you Jeff high's belt is shorter than Jeff from his tongue?
Yes, just so you don't jump off the
The nearest bridge you remember last year you were saying what's the same thing the final week of the season not the big no not like this
I'm sorry not like this not like this different story
We haven't had the chemistry back for months. Okay. We haven't had the chemistry there for months and you can see it
You can smell it you can feel it. It's not there
But golden and Kirk Muller man gold tending's been fine gold tending is not our problem
The Kirk Muller has been the biggest disappointment. I've never seen anybody so useless so invisible
So absolutely
He gets great chances. He's one time yesterday. He shot at five feet wide
He had a big rebound there. He did have one good shot. There was a pretty good save by Kerry
I buy a randford and then the rebound. He shoots at five. He he whiffed on it
In his defense. He's not playing he probably shouldn't have been playing when he first got here. Yeah
He had the bad ankle and obviously he has struggled and he's one player the panthers have got to get going before
Yeah, well it's too bad. We didn't make that deal with the Leafs for a ducky Gilmore and Dave Elleth
That would have been a great deal
But you know these guys are the experts. They got all the answers. You know that while they tried to make the deal
As you know, yeah, couldn't do it. They didn't want to give up certain guys who by the way are playing real bad right now
I don't want to mention no names. All right. So a striker's not going to be playing anymore. Is that it?
That's not what I'm saying Chris Wells will be a near-strock. I'll be out
No, Doug Doug says that he feels for the first time this season the panthers have got some depth so when you say play veterans
You mean like Steve Washburn is he a veteran? No, but he's a centerman. Uh-huh
Who's got more experience? Straca or Steve Washburn? Who's played better? Who's played who's played better?
I'd say that well Straca hasn't played so how can he play better? He doesn't play anymore
Washburn had a big game yesterday
I thought when he first joined the hockey club that line was shepherd and devorak was pretty effective. Yeah
So but see you're all over the place again remember you first you say that all the veterans have got to play the coaches the veterans
Then you tell me that there's 20 year old kids got to play. I didn't say he's got to play
But he's one of the players that's in the mix right now
Well, he's never going to get Straca back into shape
And I still think you know, he doesn't like the little guys. He didn't like all the washburns
Not a very big guy, but he didn't like Stewie doesn't like Straca
He doesn't like the little guys out there and uh, what can I tell you?
Doug Yelmore ain't exactly gonna tower over anybody either, but he's kicking ass
Is it true? Can I ask one question? Yeah, is it true that
And I heard this second and third hand
But while we were gone you made the comment that Marty Straca was a better hockey player than Rob Needle-Mire
No, I did not say that at all
But you know something I believe that very positively yes
And he also was a plus nine Needle-Mire is like a plus one well
I defended you and said I can't believe Neil would say that
Needle-Mire plays about one out of every five or six games. He shows up
He got that great goal last week
It was a one one of it that was his claim to fame for the whole season was that incredible goal
Although Hatcher didn't have his stick at the time by the way
But nevertheless it was a great play and that was it and he makes a play like that about once every three or four weeks
And that's basically it he scored when the team struggling for goals here
He had two
Yeah, he's got twelve last time I checked he's got twelve and he's playing yeah, and he's playing every day
Okay, I don't think twelve goals is anything to write home if you're top if if a guy you consider to be your best center
Is only got twelve goals at this stage of the season with two games left after 80 games you got some real scoring problems
I'm not arguing with you
He has not had the kind of year and he'd be the first kid to tell you that he hasn't had the year that he wanted
Yeah, but it's all a clean slate when the playoffs
I'll tell you one thing
I know Marty Straca's a hell of a lot better hockey player than Chris Wells will ever be
I'll tell you that right now if you want to get into a debate about that. It's not a debate
I mean
Or I didn't need to go on the air was to do it. No, but you why then why did you they wanted you ask me the other question
Reman why did you ask me that about Straca need about how about Straca Chris Wells?
I wanted to make sure you and I were on the same wavelength we're not well
We are about my tongue just healed up how about yours pardon me. I said I'm just healing up
You're a beauty put that thing together Rimmer whenever you want it's a
Our congratulations will try for Thursday our place is your place. Bye. Bye. And the food is on us. All right or whoever brings it see you
Okay, there he goes
Okay, it's safe to call out two open lines and date
622 w. Y.O.D
Oh
Jeff Rimmer
The
The pucks must be flying because now the show is done. We just got
Rolling in now
Olden pullers are
Now get you notice Rimmer didn't tell a real story about the Straca being hung like a moose
Which is why the coach is yellow. So we'll not put them in the lineup anymore
He didn't tell that story on here just now, but I'll tell you we have two open lines in day at 622 9463
We got one open and Broward 767 9463. So anyway that name that he just confirmed that I never heard of that guy
I never heard of that guy and if he was the leaf starting goalie during those years then I really was out of the loop
I'll tell you that I never never heard his name in my life
1145 at W I O D
Let's get some Marlon taco in here today. Okay. Let's get some Emerald Coast taco in here today
Let's get something really important going instead of these people try to compare apples with oranges like Robbie
Neatermire with Marty Straca who's this guy kidding huh? Is he kidding somebody?
Is he talking to some lemon out there that doesn't know what he sees with his own five eyes
Come to the park and play friends
Pompadopark racing where April is your month to win catch simul casting racing Monday through Saturday from Dover
Yonkers Hazel park Mohawk Dania freehold metallands poke and a Windsor and Meadows
And of course every Friday is TGIF at Pompadopark with dollar deals on drinks and food
But if you really want to make a meal make your reservation at the top top of the park dining room
But make it soon because April 21st will be the last night for the two for one
$20 dining special with the dining room closing April 26th
But at Pompadopark there's always something great going on like the opening of the International buffet April 28th on level four
The clubhouse the price is 1495 for while you care to eat including chef Irish fabulous desserts
Dining opens at 6 p.m. Posttime for the first race 7 30 p.m. Reservations always recommended and just reminder that in Saturday April 19
Pompadopark will participate in the dolphins draft day at pro player stadium stop by the Pompadopark tent meet top race drivers from team
Pompadopark Rusty a life-size model horse complete with harness and raising sulky go pick a winner at Pompadopark
Go pick your nose at Pompadopark have you a great time post-time tonight 7 30 in the p.m
6 10 W I don't
a series of unfortunate accidents
Don't even go out of the coming back when I was little I was a skinny little punk
They wouldn't let me play basketball
The games used to push me around
Even the holes beat the crap out of me
But then I started drinking milk
And I kept on drinking
And I kept on drinking
And now I'm a 6 foot 5 inch
285 pound angry mother
And I'm gonna put some serious hurt on everybody whoever dissed me
You f*** with me you go home in a body bag because I'm a natural born milk drinker killer
Milk it does a body good
It'll kill you man all that milk and milk products all that dairy
It'll put you right in the grave you'll be coughing a big big juicy ones
It's 1151 a w-i-o-d. Here's curl springs. Hello. Hello there Neil. Yes, sir
What you were talking about this morning is the perfect dismantling of a station
And it's I think it's a part of the reason it should the iFCC should look back at the ruling when they allow people to own multiple stations in the same market
Right, I mean, it's just unbelievable crazy
I said it at the time and I'll say it again now. I'm not saying anything different than what I said when the ruling came down
The worst thing that ever happened in the industry for the public for the people that work in the business the absolute worst possible thing they could have ever done
Do you think maybe Ronnie D knew what this packs and character was about probably probably?
Oh, that's another thing I left out when I was talking about the changes that have taken place
Ronnie D walks out and instead of the Ron and Ron show they got the Ron and Bill show
Which I'm not gonna know as guys, but there's another thing
It seems like since they bought this station everything they touched has turned to you know, I'm saying absolutely everything they've touched
Now he's gonna sure touched me. I'll tell you he's gonna go after and try to sanitize rick and suds now
What's the sanitize?
What do you mean by that? Well, I mean there's some of the shows. I'm sure he's not a
Being this Christian lover. He's not all thrilled when they talk about dope and marijuana and all this sort of stuff all the time
Yeah, so I mean he'll go after them next just like you know try to
The
Are you telling me the good Catholics don't smoke dope if it's good enough for the Pope?
Well the Pope spoke soap. We don't know. Well. It's good enough for him
But buddy bud's gonna reinvent the whole wheel
Well, you know something that's a his problem. He may try to reinvent the wheel
I'm not the he's small potatoes to me. He may have all the money in the world
Like I've said many times before just because somebody's got a lot of money
Doesn't make them smart and also doesn't make them the kind of people that you want to work for
And he is not the kind of person that I want to work for believe me when I tell you and I kiss the ground
I came so close you have no idea how close I came because they just wore down my resistance with aggravation
I came within a Harris breath of signing wave the next five years of my life to these bastards
And if I would have done that had it been better off to put a bullet to my head
I'm glad you had this stamina and the foresight to realize it amen. I listen here. I don't know one thing
Something totally different. I was watching the other night the
Miami tonight show. Yeah, I couldn't sleep so I flipped the TV on that's a good reason
He's got a holy reset. He's got a whole new set now. Yeah
They've got a couch and a couple of chairs, you know chairs and a desk and everything unlike when you were on
Well, now I'm using the shrink to go with it. Well, he's got done Cox like the Ed McMahon
Yeah, does announcing on the microphone and then sits with him on the couch and then he's amusing
No, that but that's nothing new that's they used to do that now they're referring to their origins again
Unless maybe this was an old show that I hadn't seen and I was in a one and new one
But it's a I mean you're right about this shrink on there question when you down the yet when you go down the dialer
You're gonna be able to talk about Baldi
Oh, yes, good. I'm just this show is not going to be any different except it'll be better because I'll be
I'll be able to do a show good. Did you see what the stock is doing?
Could I I don't know no, I did not hopefully don't don't depress me on Monday, please
You know at one point on Friday it was down to 27 and 8th yes, I saw it then finally had made a comeback
And got back up to even for the day 28 and a quarter whatever
But uh 20 860 it finished oh my god. This uh this thing is killing me. Are you gonna be at the shareholders meeting on the 11th?
I'll be there. I'll be jumping up and down on the table
At the right day pal. Okay. Oh, look at that. We're down to two calls now
We made it almost two hours today with a show on a Monday, which is pretty good for you bastards
But I don't think we're gonna make it till two no chance two open lines and date all over mergers called little while ago
We were cooking until that point you notice that once again
once again with that kaka
Oh my god and if you know Thursday
I mean we haven't done a hockey show in months since before the season started back in September
I think so I've been looking forward to that to finally the day he would butcher up and come in here
We get some you know Mike Lang on a year and Sherry and some of our usual people
But I'm gonna tell you something if I'm not gonna spend one minute of this show on Thursday
Doing what he got me to do and they're gonna. I'm not gonna argue all of his stepchildren
How great they are because I know how they I know how jovon oskies playing
I know how neat I'm Irish plan nobody's gonna pedal me this corporate bull crap. Okay. I got enough
corporate bull crap from the Paxon people the last six months. I don't need
Panther corporate bull crap. I see how these guys are playing
Anyway, and this vendetta. I want to apologize personally to Marty straka the worst thing I ever did on the year ever
Was say that I thought he was a good player and that I liked him as soon as I said that the curse the hex went
Was payback Neil thinks straka is good. He likes him good. We won't we'll screw him over real good to get even for all this stuff
That he's talking about the Chris Wells deal in stew barns and Jason Woolie even if it happens to be true
Okay, Stewie's a minus 22 you feel better, but he does have 50 points. Oh, sorry
We have an open line indeed six two two we got a parent-broward seven six seven like I said
This is a market don't ever tell the truth don't ever really give you your opinion
Just kiss a lot of ass here man
Don't ever give you a real opinion to tell people what's really going on because they can't stand it
They can't deal with it. They can't cope with it
It's enough to make them want to go out and buy a necklace
Please
Here's a pember pine. Hello, hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay? I don't know what you want to talk about baseball a lot of people don't even know what an RBI is versus an MRI
But anyhow, they know an MRI
What I wanted to actually discuss with you. I wish you well on your new ventures
I know there's a couple of months away from it. You are I hope they treat you better than they did to me this past Friday on your actual last day
What it happened to me was I was working in a department with two rookies and since there was two other veterans and only three computers
You know was perfect for me in the true rookies however my last day
They told me you know what we really don't need you will pay you through the week
But we really don't need you because we're gonna bring somebody else in and at the same time
Free up your PC is and then by the end of veterans will be back. Yeah
I just hope they didn't do anything like that to you. You mean the Paxing people exactly
Hey, is they want it like I said if they want to bring me a check and pay me for the next six months through September 30th
Which is what it's all about hey? I'll kiss the ground
What's wrong with that?
I'm getting paid for the week so what's the problem?
Well the only thing is I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to anybody. It just came unexpectedly
Yeah, you know, so I just so which would you rather have the the pay for not working or saying goodbye
Well, call him up at home and there you go call him up at home and tell him goodbye
Come your sentiment saw Salami sandwich
I certainly will okay, I wish you the best deal. Thanks. All right good luck to us
Two open lines and Broward 7679 463 767 W I O D
1157 yeah, this should be the worst problem the worst dilemma of my life
You know like I said I plan to come in here every day just doing the show
Just doing a show every day for the next several months because when you come right down to it
What differences are making this town whether you do in a show over here whether you're doing a show down there
Whether you don't show anywhere you're doing a show
The only difference being whether people are treating you civilized and like a human being or whether they're tearing your guts out your kishkis out
And the bottom line got to be that I don't have any kishkis left to tear out they they stripped them all away
They're selling tripe by the ounce right outside the front door there when in doubt go out and buy some
Wanted I wanted it?
1158 at W I O D
I also wanted to get rid of my bank a few months ago and I went on the year
We went nuts for days on end about banks and how they make mistakes with your money and how they screw you over
And how they try to like point the finger at you and they just don't want to give you good service because too many of these banks
That's like the radio business
There's a handful of big
Corporations that own the overwhelming majority of the banks and so you're just small potatoes
Even if you put a pretty good amount of money through they're like I do they don't care
They just don't give a crap and so they don't give you any kind of service
That's why I fired my bank and went to family bank one of the smartest things I've ever done in my life
They treat you great
They're happy to see you whatever you need they take care of you no cross examination
No third degree no finger pointing no a big mistakes every five minutes you turn around
They've got the lower service fee in Broward County if you want to get a loan you talk to somebody right here in town
The loan office is in a thousand miles away in Charlotte or Atlanta somewhere
They've got all the convenient things of any big bank
They got ATMs at all their locations like Sirus and Presto they even honor honor
How do you like that?
They've got seven convenient locations all over Broward and they'll take great personal care of you
You'll be you'll be in heaven when you take your cash to family bank like I did family bank member FDIC
I'm William Robert Milford III with news on 610 WIOD here's Sky Spy traffic
Good afternoon in Bay County accident south down 95 just at the entrance ramp to Westbound Dauphin southbound
75 just down 138 street
and that down to the west of the southern
down to the west in the northwest
168 down to the east and the crack on the northwest
flag with street both west seven
Okay
Broward and Palm Beach counties are accident-free
I'm Paul Pagano 610 WIOD Sky Spy traffic
Still the only radio station that does it
Soc
610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale
Hi this is Randy West
and they don't come any better than me
Nor in Neil Rogers
What do you think?
She didn't want no money
She thinks that I'm a son that I'm a dad
I'm dad
Can you rub it in a hand?
And I'm so glad
I'm glad
Can you rub it in a hand?
Just say no bad
I'm glad
Can you rub it in a hand?
And the whole world's gonna wander up
Now was a kid look like a step too bad
I wanted it
Cove 04 at WIOD happy Monday
It's a great day for the Irish to Chinese
The Yiddish everybody else we're having a whale of a day man
We have an open line and Broward has in two of them
767-9463
767-WIOD we got an open pair down the
Out of town lines the Palm Beach lines
1-8847-49463
So that launch that was going to be here around 11-30 this morning
That was outstanding
Did you enjoy it George?
From wherever we are not really sure
Wherever Kim was telling us about that
They were gonna have a nice Philly Mignon here 11-30 this morning
It was sensational
It went down like Gafilta fish
Smooth as can be
I heard Brooke talking the other day about
Now she doesn't have to eat Gafilta fish now that she's not officially
She's not from enough to be a real Jew anymore
According to these orthodox lunatics out there
The rest of us we're not real Jews
Because we're not orthodox enough
We're not far-bison like they are
So we don't have to eat Gafilta fish and all that gelled stuff
That's in the jar
Which I think she's I do like Gafilta fish
But the gel I could move without
Whatever it is
I think it's mung
I think that's officially mung
Whatever's around the Gafilta fish in that jar
To keep it from like spurling
Here's Miami
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey keep the root man off your show when you move down the dial
Keep it the kneel show
Yeah
Not the kneel in jail
I work alone
Uh
Get uh got home from work Saturday
Yeah
I listen to the best stuff
We're talking about the pen pen
I pick up the herald
Right on the front page of the local section
Society paper
Board of Medicine to crack down on pen pen diatils
Oh
All right
Long overdue
Big story about people just walking with 300 bucks
And walk out with the pen pen
Right
There's all these people that are like maybe three pounds overweight
Or ten pounds underweight
And a lot of these uh places are just
And they just got a pill clinic going again
Just like back in the 60s and 70s
Just a scam
Right
Have a good one
Thanks
Catch you later
Okay
How do you like that?
Oh and i don't know whether i should tell a story
Did are you familiar with this
That somebody wanted me to advertise their clinic on the year
Yes
Like my mind totally put it out
Because it's his David
It was on the most astonishing
Like after the fact
After all this crap went down
We're talking crazy people
I mean we're talking people that just don't get it
Don't get it
The word credibility evidently
Just the in the vocabulary they're somewhere
I'm going to go on to your in pedal pen pen
How much
We have an open line at day at 6229 4636222
WIdee we have one in Broward 7679 463
767WID here's North Miami
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Yeah i was listening to when you had the
Italian cold cut spread from Lorenzo's last Friday
Yeah
And you're the only one i've ever heard called capacola
Gava ghoul
You said gava ghoul
No, Guido say that
Guido's right at
Capacola
So that's exact because my mother's you know Italian-Americans
Yeah
That's what she called it was gava ghoul
That's how i grew up
No
I don't know if that's thing is gava ghoul
Maybe maybe like Sicilian's or maybe in Naples the Schlepper's here
Yeah that's where my mother's a friend that's in the politin
Oh in the politin
George the politin
Oh he says that yeah
Junior
Because you're the first
Capacola
I've ever heard say that
By the way you know it's interesting
Because after a tagging class on Saturday
We stopped at Lorenzo's
And got a whole bunch of that Columbus cold cuts
If i could tell you how good that stuff is
I'm serious
It is unbelievable
I'm gonna lick on my chops
You know the day when i'm in there
Man was that good stuff
Unreal
In fact the best
I mean the uh the salami and everything on the turkey is great
But the the roast beef is so great
I can't i can't put it in the world
I think I got the best meat and town up there
There's no doubt about that
But this is a whole new line
It's called Columbus
Cold cuts and it's out of this world
I went and saw uh Donnie Brasco this weekend
And I think it's worth it's worth it's worth a visit
It was pretty good
Yeah
Pacino was good the kid uh what's his name
I forget his name
Johnny Depp
Johnny Depp
It was all right
It was you know
It was just
I don't think it was good as uh good fellas
Which was it was the same much
But it's worth seeing
Okay
I enjoyed it
It'll be it'll be on the uh satellite pretty soon
Yeah
And also
You're touching
You're talking about chef feel a little while ago
This guy
You know what a what a real
Idiot he has been all of a sudden
He's Mr. Nice guy
Yeah
And here here uh
Who's in the
Pays out this guy 10 million dollars
And then I was I was
I had on the news you know the day you know
He doesn't want to pay you know i'm not a pro union guy
But i'm for the working man
Right
Oh that's right he's appealing the uh that's right
He's not just sitting there instead of giving these guys you know
Paying up scale union scale
He wants to pay him you know
I mean that never really crossed my ass
Well how do you think how do you think i feel
Not that i'm missing any meals
But how do you think i feel i do my contract
Negotiation with the guy's got a $12 million house
And he's trying to go me down like i'm some kind of a misfit
Who isn't quite as good as he used to be you know what i'm saying
I try to play uh site
Trying to play mind games with me to try to go me down a few bucks
That's what gets me i mean i hear he's
He's giving chef field 10 million
Yeah about chef field bringing in the bucks
But you know but here you got you got a qualified
Uh union electrician plumber carpenter
Who's gonna go in a great facility for
I'll tell you what i will know
Yeah but you're talking about little guys
No good just keep in mind when that republic stock first came out
It wasn't a little guys that when we ran around saying
Guess what you want to become a millionaire here three bucks a share you can make millions in about six months a year
He was going to shula and marino and all his cronies there because the rich keep getting rich and man and the rest of us
Uh, i hope i hope the little guys remember remember remember remember this kind of crap when it comes time to go pay
Paying money to go see and his venues yeah, but i'll tell you what i'll never go to any any of this stuff
There's no there's not a chance i mean it he is offered these offered a little guy
I can't stand him he's the worthless piece of crap and the buddy buttaxion is almost as bad almost
The neck and neck okay
The streps they come we'll take a pull okay have a right day pal. Okay
God dang we have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two two two
WIOD we have one inbroward seven six seven and we had even one woman on here
We had one right in the beginning
We had one nice lady on there very nice extremely nice and that's been it the woman are very busy
It's Monday throughout their taking merchandise back
Here's hollywood hello
Oh good afternoon Neil when is Todd a days
Uh whatever one company Joe
Uh, okay well that's but that would be about the extended by Spanish anyway um i think the uh
The panthers are missing definitely an element that's been there that endeared them to the local populace
Uh this year at least since last november it's just not there
Nearly the fact that they outspot
Traditionally opponents yeah and unfortunately i don't know what rimmer and pot van were seeing in that first period last night where they were
You know spreading hosanas, you know the way of the panthers
Well, do you just hear him on here a few minutes ago tell me what a great player robby need him
I raise and how dare i compare Marty stracco with robby need him i
Well, you know something i would agree with that i don't think there is any comparison
I want to ask dracos out there on a ice there's exciting things happening skates every time he plays many plays with
Intensity he's got tremendous speed he makes things happening since obscuring chances
Needle-mar half of the time robby's out there for us skate and figure eights
Well, I i definitely he's lost like he needs a compass in a road map
Well, that's that's probably what i was alluding to right in the beginning here
The fact that you'll see uh scrum in the corner and there's need a myreligently playing his position
But last year they would have gone after that to make sure even if it's a two on one advantage in the corner
That they come out with the puck and then somebody's heading for the net
And that's just not happening this year there's you know
So we might reach the puck behind the opponents goal first
And then we're waiting for somebody to be in front of the net and mustling in there and these guys are skating as you say figure out
The chemistry is gone. They don't they don't seem to have their act together like in the in the last minute of the game yesterday
Of all the guys in the world you're going to make sure somebody somebody is on peter bondra like glue on crap
You know what i'm saying and the one guy you don't want to leave open and meantime you looking there's melon
Be skating around in circles and carcass and sphela we don't know who the hell they're and here's this guy all alone all alone
What are the outstanding players in the game a sniper and butta bingy ties it up and we blow it again in the last minute of play
And you just have to wonder what are they thinking about i don't know what's happened to sphela since the all-star break
He's been caught out of position
um team million times
Right now the player i respect most on that team and unfortunately not spectacular so that doesn't
Endear them to the local from anything he's that lorry a warner a warner is great
I mean the kid is fantastic if they ever want to talk about untouchable from that team
You know forget the need of myers forget the blowjows or whoever else is out there
You know
Let's go with warner is untouchable and built from there
Well, i'm going to tell you right now that if stew barns were still on his team that if i were the coach over this past
Weekend stew barns and marty straka would have been to the starting centers and i don't care
How big or small either one of them are and i don't care how dirty and physical washing in is the fact is that
Those two guys would have been out there doing a job and crook muller and
And the Steve washburn would have been sitting on the bench. I mean washburn's gonna be a good player
He's not a veteran. He's not ready for prime time yet and i'm just not buying it
There's just heaven grip rat
And the idea that Chris Wells is ever cracking line up at this stage of the game now that we got all the healthy guys back
Is unacceptable to me unacceptable? Well if any team has
shown
The deficit that that i was referring to earlier. It's Washington
They have out hustled us in the last three games and they've deserved it washing
Washington stinks. They do
Washington
And that's that's the problem in the last three games we played with them. Yeah, that's what i mean
No, it's the week but every time they've come back to either tie it or win it yeah
And i don't know what what the hell is happen
I don't buy the excuse that we played in Boston the day before and then let me tell you also there are a crap team
Washington is a really dirty yes, but there are crap team. They've been struggling
They're they're not gonna make the playoffs and for us to wind up walk out of there with the tia yesterday was really deflating
Not as deflating as losing in Boston the day before losing in Toronto two days before that have a great day pal
Okay, we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three two open lines in browards
seven six seven nine four six three. They're all the experts out there. It's the same old song
It's the old i'm not talking about the caller. I'm talking about the the the staff man the staff and their mouthpieces
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop same old stories
500 years from now they'll be peddling the same bull crap. Okay, they'll be selling it by the pound become a millionaires
You know if you're tired of never getting anything for free in your life
If you'd like to be a free loader like we are all the time just once pick up the phone right now
Color friends at hydron technologies. They will send you absolutely free their brand new catalog
And they'll send you free a sample of their great hydron skin care products
The most effective skin care products for men and women on the market anywhere
They got a full line of great skin care products
And if you're one of those people who thinks you don't need skin care products like you're skin is smooth as a baby's as wrong
For example, if you play sports meant all eyes from a hydron product from a hydron is the perfect product for you
That's what I said. Thank you
You'll also want to use hydron hand lotion because hydron products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy
Hydron works like this as it dries on your skin
It creates an invisible shield that is water insoluble moisture holding it long lasting
The shield lets your skin breathe by letting the oxygen in and the carbon dioxide out even hydron cleanser won't take it away
And your skin's natural protection the way so many skin care products do so pick up the phone and call
1804 hydron they'll send you the whole new catalog and a free sample too
So you can find out for yourself just how great these products are
1 800 the number four h-y-d-r-o-n
610 w-i-o-d
Anybody have a heart or a liver on our channel you can depend that there'll be someone real offend if it lacks class and has no vision
It's here on crabital television
Merge what are you doing with that waiter?
Nothing homer. He's just walking me to the car. Oh shit. You're you're
The trial up homer compose yourself. You're acting like a cat. You're gonna die
Bitch homer
Ah, I gotta get out of here. Hmm hurt rent a car. Can I help you?
Jimmy a car. I need a driver's license Jimmy a car since an age Jimmy a car. Where's your other glove? Jimmy a car
Clothes a little bloody damn it very well take the Atlanta at the end of the lot
Lante comes complete with sirens
That he likes what do you mean into uniform to chauffeur all right Simpson we've got you completely surrounded come off with your hands
Yeah, all right, but but before I do I have to get one question
Go ahead and I have one of those don't nice all our writers were once in prison here on crabital television
Oh, man, I wanted it truck 20 at w-i-o-d happy Monday from all your good pizons over here
Those who aren't too crazy about you as well. We have an open line on a purple line the mobile one line at pound i-o-d
We have one in the day 622-9463 and two in Broward 767 which means a whole lot
767-9463 767 w-i-o-d
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, do you want to do two things number one on you say that the chemistry of this
Team um for instance the Panthers was broken up on the trade happening
Let me take a little bit further back than that in the year that jernathi came in who the hell takes the defense man number one
I mean meanwhile the guy was I guess rusted number two which was um the step from Ottawa score and goes like left and right
I mean, that's just that's just something I couldn't believe I remember to bahaki but um
I think that I was just a turning point if you will
You know, maybe you was you was good yesterday and they can call him Joe. I mean nicely last year
But um, I think that's that that was some part of the problem. He's taking the joint out. He's killing us
He's killing us. He's playing horrible. Mm-hmm. And also um
Number two, I'm trying to recommend a movie to you. So this weekend is called sleepers. Yeah, I don't know if you're seeing it
But you're having to remove the sea. Okay. All right. Have a good day. Thanks
See ya to open lines and date 6229 463
Eddie Eddie don't confuse these sort of these people want to yell what they want to yell
loser
Poop out. Yeah, but poop a pace replace for Tampa. We're playing New Jersey
Poop out while they know how to say that I mean brodure don't rhyme with the loser plus he's only got 85 shutouts in a row
And his number one in the league and maybe in the world. Dodd cherries says right now martin brodure is the best gold tender in the world and who might argue with him
Here's a poppin. Oh, hello. Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. Got one of those water systems that you're talking about earlier. Yeah, excellent
I wanted to tell you that to start out. Thank God. Yeah, it's even great in the shower
Oh, I'm in the water too. Yeah, I was listening to a man did yesterday. Yes, he did mention something about you
That I thought was kind of odd. He said that you were like a top show host, but a sports host wannabe
I don't understand sports host wannabe
He said he goes well Nail does a show, but he's really a sports host wannabe. Yeah
Wrong. I told him why didn't I don't want to be a sports host if all I talked about was sports. I'd blow my brains out
Right boring. I'm firmly on that Marlon bandwagon
See there you go with sports again, right? Uh-huh. I don't want to turn it into a sports
Yeah, but I think you're a Marlon fan wannabe if you ask me I couldn't cook yeah, right? Right
I couldn't call him and ask him about baseball because he he only does
He only does football right he's already he's already doing the draft stuff
Are you notice that I heard him the other day was taught
He was promoting the big draft show coming up. Yeah, he came on yesterday and he started talking about the pan
I was switching between the panthers and the Marlins and we're gonna have some guru from the lions on the talk about the draft
He had this guy come on I never even heard of that oh
I did hear that we were coming back from the emerald coast and he was uh
He was thinking Ken Maldon for waiting with the sports update for um because he had this long drawn out thing
You wanted to do with the lions guy heard that and then he said something of the guy about they lost blades
Detroit lost blades and now they're gonna have to replace them and
That I guess he went to Seattle brother. Yeah
It's kind of fit in what you played
I don't have a clue I'll straighten them out. You're gonna get out to the old ballpark this year
Yes, I am as a matter of fact the price is right. We got free tickets waiting for us. Why the hell not?
Yeah, I went the other night. They got a pretty good team so far. Let's see if they can
abstain let's see if they can keep winning every day for us otherwise this groom
All right now, okay pal
So yeah, that's the way we look at it. We don't want to be too pushy, but unless you win every day
We got other things to do okay. We don't know what they are, but we'll figure it out. We'll go to emerald coast every night
Because quite frankly, I mean if you win every day and if it's exciting see this problem with baseball and another thing
Man some of these games in this first week of the season have been going on so
Long what game was it I was watching yesterday. We watched a little bit of the um
Was it the white socks who the hell were the white socks playing yesterday, George?
Ha ha ha ha ha like he would know huh he couldn't give a he wouldn't know a white sock if his wife put it on the bed
Let's see the white socks were playing uh whoever the hell Detroit was it now. I wasn't that game whatever the hell game
It was the umpire gets into a bit. Yeah, it was the white socks because it was uh what's his name? Ozzy Geon
And he's arguing of whether this is on Saturday
I guess he's arguing with a plate umpire about where he's standing in a batter's box
That's right because that's a game Detroit one like 15 to 13
Which is the only way they can win if they score least 15 because they got no pitching
And this argument this discussion and argument went on and on and on and again was already like three and a half hours old
See this is the problem with baseball and then then the pitcher decided that he you know
He had something deep inside of his crotch and we know what it wasn't and uh
It just it goes on and on the delays are interminable
Speed up the game man. That's one of the reasons it is so ponderous and so monotonous and so boring
Even though you're enchanted because we've won every game except one but nevertheless it is ponderous too stinking long
Here's a mobile and curl springs hello
Hello nioh. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
Listen the other day I turned I tuned you in and I caught the last part of the song
I think then I prison bitch. Yeah, thought it was great good. I'm happy for you
We have an open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two two two w out and it's no request Monday
No, required what are you laughing about? I know where he was going
Yeah, you heard it the other day great and I'm not playing it again now. No, I'm not over and over
They've killed that thing they've killed that prison bitch
They have killed that poor poor that fucking bitch exactly
bordered it
Two open lines in Broward County 7679463. It's a real talk wannabe radio
That's what it is
Let's get the formatics down okay, and thanks for listening to six 10 w i o d. Thanks so much for doing that okay
Here's a hellendale hello
Well good afternoon nil at how you doing?
I'm you know
I'm waiting for you to say let's go to a martyred on the sidelines
I mean your show is totally turned into a sports show today. Is it really?
Yes, it is. Well, I'm getting ready for QAM
Well, I wanted to I don't want to disappoint man, which
I wanted to talk to you about talk to me about whatever you want whatever you want man
Okay, Neil. I have I have a problem you jackass. Yeah, okay. The problem sounds like it
Okay, the problem is Neil and I'm having a problem with what's going on on local TV
I am sick local news for that in synth. I am sick of seeing
Different faces all the time. I would like to see Neil Rogers on channel seven
Five o'clock giving us a headline news every evening. Yeah. I would love to see that. Would you really?
I would love to see that okay have a great life. Okay, let's talk sports
What are fruitcake? We have an open line in there. Who is that?
Oh, that was Brian Andrews boyfriend. Good God. Boychup a little bit. Well, will you have for crying out loud? Hey boy
What's that in your mouth? Two open lines and broard seven six seven nine four or was that bill come all seven six seven nine four six three
Embarrassing okay. I was turned into a sports show today. Oh my god. Yeah, but don't you like those hot young guys and jog straps now?
You're talking pal now we all of a sudden got real interested in a hurry
He can smell that leather a million miles away
Anyway, oh, I'm telling him just why am I so worked up here today? Let's relax its Monday
Just sit back in the chair that the great lunch that was coming 1130. How was it? By the way?
Hmm. I didn't want lunch anyway. Why did she do that? I mean
I know she was doing it as a gesture to be nice and also where is that disc I was supposed to have now
I'm sounded like Casey Casey Kissum
Where the hell is that disc I was supposed to have like two hours ago?
Which what are they doing getting those spots over there? See this again goes back to the way that everything goes on here
So slow and so ponderous
There's a few spots on one of those discs that they need to get off of there could have been done in five minutes by by a blind man could have done in five minutes, okay
Mike bohan could have done that in five minutes easy put it on the tape somewhere and brought me the disc back
I asked for it like two and a half hours ago. I still don't have it
Do you have it?
They're hatching it back there in in traffic back there or in continuity whatever the hell they're doing it. They're playing in traffic with it
But the lunch man, that's which we didn't want in the first place that's coming because somebody wants a free plug and guess what it ain't here
610 W-I-O-D is all in your head, okay
1232 here's a very educational facts by the way
Which I'll use the last half of the facts first it says last night. I watched the program on Discovery Channel about elephants
They said on an average day an elephant expels enough methane gas
To drive a car 20 miles
So if you want to save on gas, I just get a long hose and hook it up to Jeff highs. Beckham would be a good way to start
Talk about a great hose job. Beckham. There you go
But anyway the facts in the first part says which is why I saved the first part for last because I didn't realize the other stuff was on air
Which was pretty interesting pretty entertaining about elephant farts, huh
Anybody out there ever cut an elephant fart eyes your have
Whoo
Elephant teen baby shaking rocking the world
It says I called on Friday to request Courtney loved a Shakespeare you tried but you couldn't get to it
Could you please squeeze it in and the car today too?
Did I say we weren't too request today? She gained a claim with her breakout performance in the people versus Larry Flint now
Courtney loved takes the theater by storm
Appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse see her riveting performance is lady Mcbeth in the Scottish play
Is this the mother
Jagger I see before me as blanche Dubois in a street car named desire
I've always relied on the kindness of strangers
And of course st. John by George Bernard Shaw get that towards away from me mother
Suck in bastards. Yes, Courtney loved plays the classics this spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, get out of my face. What are your tickets today?
So like I said no, I can't play 1234 WIOD we have an open line in date 622 WIOD we got appear in Broward
7679 463 767 WIOD in the two on the out of townlines and Palm Beach lines of course that goes without saying all the time
1.84749 463 1 888 8474 WIOD
Here is the Virginia Bay hello
I mean key did I say bae? What is it? Don't be lighting them elephant parts. Yeah
Uh, there news flash news flash the not so virgin Mary is shown up again. Yeah in sunny day or Washington
Good place on the back of a highway adoption sign. All right
Oh, they showed the pictures of it looks like you know when you when you say a little bit of oil on something you get that rainbow ring
Uh-huh, these people are saying it's the rainbow and the virgin Mary's got a rainbow ring, huh? Right
What does that tell you sounds like a dike thing to me? I don't know if it's metal or not
But uh, but they they there are people for for seeing the virgin Mary after that in the different intersections around
Everybody explains why she was a virgin
And with a cop saying anything is possible things of course
So anyway, she's hitting the high spots man
Clearwater, Florida, and where was it sunny uh sunny sunny day. Oh sunny day. I'll wash it in there you go
It's right
So anyway, uh virgin Mary moves mysterious ways and I bet she's out there lighting that elephant park as we speak
Thanks for the good news. Okay, bless you my child. We have two open lines in date
622 wiod we got a parent-broward 767
Let's hear a lot more about the virgin Mary today and forget all his sports talk. Okay. Let's not be a bunch of sports talk wannabes. Damn it
Here's four-letter day on a mobile hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir about the QAM thing
I think it's funny that different so long the event wanted to be wiod
Yeah, and now they're slowly become iod by absorbing everyone has left you how do you like that?
I mean if you they got the dolphins they got default they got managed they got bull campers
They're gonna have me and you're right. I mean that they've become wiod except they don't have the initial
But I mean they are what wiod used to be now. Yeah, and before you know, I would have a radio station
Yeah, I would never listen to them, but if you go I will yeah, and do they do the Panther game? Yes, they do
Is there any chance that you know like you might do some color commentary? I doubt it. Oh really
Because I used to listen to you do the baseball games for you. I'm yeah
Even though I'm not a baseball fan, but I enjoyed listening to you do the commentary
Yep, that's in the past bell when I wanted to work you know 15 hours a day 20 hours a week
You know what if you want hours of this every day is enough for me. I like to go as a spectator
No sports want to be leave Chris and and Randy to their own resources
Also, I missed you at the beginning of the show today. Did you do anything about the big non-event of Ellen the generous coming out?
No, I did not. What is there to say about it? It's like you said. It's a non-event
I mean she finally actually opened the door and was that a surprise that would be like Rex Reed coming out of the closet
Is that a shock to anybody that Ellen de generous is a bulldike like anybody doesn't know that well some people
It just because Charles Nelson Rides going to come out on Hollywood squares next week
You know what's the big deal other than the show is not a year anymore, but other than that
Well, you you'd be surprised how many people that goes over their head because when I mentioned the two and before the announcement
I said no it is if anybody didn't know so many people looked at me like what are you talking about?
Yeah, next thing they'll be telling yourself many of us Jewish
But you know it you I think were you telling what you think I think it's gonna be the kiss of death for her show
Why I think it's an important thing for her to do, but I don't think that the mainstream is gonna accept it
They couldn't care less. There's a million show. Why is this so revolutionary?
There's a zillion shows on for last 10 years now that it got gay characters in them. How about Melrose plays to that?
She'll go off the year
The lead actor come out and say he was here
The police okay the people in the major markets where the ratings are really important
They're not shocked that they find out somebody's a fact especially in her case
Well as if it's a big surprise right have a great day pal see you down the dial no can't butchup
We have two open lines and dates. Yeah, it's a shock to me that Ellen D. Generate that she's a bull-dike wow
Could have fooled a hell under me just like when Martina came out man. What a shocker that was
And Billie Jean Queen when she finally said well
Canis must macho me or Janet Reno and we thought about it for while still haven't come up with an answer
We have an open line of dates six two two w i o d
Ellen in addition, which the show blows anyway who cares about Ellen who gives a crap about that stupid show
God
Here's this country man these people are so far in the stone age. They just don't get it. Oh, there's a dyke
Yeah, there's a dyke. Oh, okay. It's a dyke and there's a faggot and here's a drag queen
Grow up already come into the real world get a life
Get a real life and you wonder why they're huckin and trying to quit this thing with the tobacco and the cigarettes and everybody's so uptight about who's gonna smoke and
Oh, they're all suing each other because that's all americans about it's a bunch of crazy lawyers
Suing each other and uptight nervous people who are in denial. That's what it's all about. They're all in denial
How come all these other countries how come in Italy everybody smokes nobody's got cancer? What is that all about?
What is that about
How come they eat like pigs they eat a five-course meal?
There's no fat people there's like 10 fat people out of 70 million in a whole country. There's 10 fat people. Why is that?
How come they got women with naked boobs on there on TV commercials in France in Italy and
Holland and all over Europe they got naked breasts on here on regular tea over the air TV right on the commercials and
People over here are getting upset because somebody's got a website with the boobs on it
I don't want to mention no names you know what I'm saying
But the rumors are that somebody's getting all bent out of shape because somebody some show
I don't want to mention which one it might be has got a website
It's the run run radio network like I said
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. How you doing Neil great. I know why your city player was on repeat. Yeah
Jim really bad had his 13-year-old
Boy in there playing MF rap music
MF this and MF and all that kind of stuff. No. Yes
All Sunday morning. They weren't really wait a minute. They weren't really saying MF. Oh no they were bleeping it out
But he
It was on there. He was going in the MF
So Jim really came in here yesterday and was pochking around with the equipment and here didn't bother putting it back
The way it was supposed to be. Thank you so much Jim really as in you really are an asshole just like I knew it
It is fiery four two. Yeah
Rick Raleigh is gonna be a grandpa
Yeah, I went to Michigan with from 16-year-old girl now you figured out all right. Okay. All right
Two open lines and dates six two two nine four six three
Rick Raleigh is gonna be a grandpa. Oh my god. What's the name of that thing?
I'm my own grandpa
I'm my own grandpa
I like it sounds funny. I know but it really is so yes, I'm my own grandpa. All right
But I'm not playing that get out here. I hate that thing. It's a real Yahoo thing man. It's a Yahoo thing
I can't stand Yahoo things ever seen a Yahoo thing. We have two open lines and date six two two nine four six three
I've seen a few Yahoo things some of them okay
In fact every now and then you saw Yahoo thing and to thought to yourself. I wanted it
