Man, I'll tell you one thing. I don't want to start immediately like a technical thing
I couldn't hear you if you paid me a million dollars a second. Let's give it a shot. You surprised by that
By what the fact that you never had any
Technical glitches man and all I want to tell you is George Corso is God
But wasn't for him the whole place would be up in flames
Hey, Neil what in the hell have you been doing the last seven months?
None of your business
Can you share a little bit of what you've been doing going to the bank and right a masturbation went on
Neil's the main mystery in Elbach
I've been out and about I've been out of this place. I've been living in breathing countries
Have you missed Italy and Holland and Canada and places?
Neil have you missed this this radio stuff if you had a tumor the size of a watermelon on your ass would you miss it?
Have I missed it? Why is it that all these bozos? It's the first thing that oh aren't you dying to get back on here?
I'm going and pick it up a check every Monday for doing nothing for traveling around the world having a time in my life
Oh, don't you aren't you just dying to get back on here? Don't you have some kind of compulsive need to what the hell is there to say?
I've been on here for 500 years already. What the hell else am I gonna say? Hey, do you like blow it out your nose?
You know, hey Neil can't say yes on your show, can I know? Yeah, you can say ask but we've been told not to say
Ask and then finish it with the whole stuff. Oh, we can't say recommend can't say that though. Well Joe's got caught some heat from some of the
Collars you were driving on was I heard that clear channel bought a lot of stations and then they recommend
How do you like that new stupid talk format huh? Oh, God isn't it nice to have no competition? Oh my gosh
Hey, one last question you get tired and I'm really tired
It's a question I get about you all the time is is he really making a million dollars a year you must get that all the time too I
Do
Listen make it make it three million
I have no idea Ellie Brecker who I think's been doing a lot of acid lately at the Harold
She makes these things up like like the thing this morning in a paper about the foot massager that's in my contract
Where the hell does she come up with crap like this? I was gonna ask you that if you read it in the hero
You know must be BS
In fact the front of on the mast head they should just have a big pile say hey, it's the hero baby. That's it
If you read it in the hero, you know, it's a pile
Now how's that studio over there? It's better than what you got sweet. Oh, that's not saying
Well listen, they brought a lot of balloons in here that are loaded with helium now
Do I have to suck helium before I go on here so I can sound like guilty?
You can suck whatever you want. Well stay over there Goldie. Hey, no, by the way nothing we can do about his voice
Hey, can you give us your top 10 list everybody's paranoid. You're gonna rip them today by the way
Yeah
Devo's on big hand too bad about DFO, huh? What do you mean? Yeah, he's had some problems here
I heard he went for the operation. I heard in fact
They told me it is in my contract that after six months. I have to go and have have him snipped so we can all sound like guilty
It's all sports radio folks
Why is 60 oh now you're on the bed. Everybody tells me you're a hell of a good guy. He's not a bad guy
I'm not a good guy. You know I'm not a hell of a boy and he's not a boy and River got a man
You lost in this joint. Thank God for Goldie. I forgot he was Jewish
When River comes on and tells me I'm a man. I know I'm doing okay. Yeah, listen
He's just an ass sucker anyway, forget about oh
God you can have him back too. He's been dying to get on this show you can have him keep him off
Keep him off if he if there anybody else look at Wayne's behind oh good God Rimmer get a life will you sweetheart?
Man love you man
Yeah, this guy between we got to hear about Wayne and Dean Jordan and Bilter
Do you hear the day that he filled in for Hank and he was he did four hours of ass sucking on all everybody connected with a
Panthers past present and future and he's got you know what the thing about it is know that I understand what Rimm
And I don't want to get started on he's got the most one an ass sucker man
He's got the most secure job in South Florida. He is sucked more
over it okay
I want to ask you questions. Yeah, seriously because we do have a little format change here
What time is Chris moron?
I'm not exactly sure because nobody's really said I think he took over the
Joe oh god
That's the rumor
Can we can we do a test?
Can we have somebody go to the arena tonight? We do have the San Jose game tonight. I will be there
Right we have somebody holding oozzy to Chris's head and see if someone can force him to describe what's going on doing again
You think that we work is that what it's gonna take just describe 30 seconds of action
So I don't have to hear the puck in the the skates and the stuff on the boards. I'm hearing in the background
He's talking about crap from New Jersey 20 years ago, you know not even 10 o'clock to the game Christina
Will you sweetheart do the game?
God you
And then and then what's this thing in a paper this morning about all the jealousy of the guys over there
You guys don't realize what a favor. I did you oh god
I'm the guy that's gonna lead you out of that toilet that you're working in that hangs always talking about and get to the studio's
Built over here. Do you think they really had any intention of building this? No, absolutely exactly
You're right about that now we finally got an honest answer out of the worst team absolutely correct
They had no intention of building anything, you know, and the thing about it is and by the way and I'll leave you with this that
Program director that we have don't trust him
He's trying to kiss your butt. Duff Lindsay has been yeah, he's always done its kiss and by the way if you're wondering
He's been upset about us promote they don't put one thing about you on here on this little promotion things that we have here
Oh, nothing around nothing we need a lot more about Danny and Jimmy man
I mean if I hear one more word about Danny and Jimmy
I'm gonna puke all over this place. Hey, you know the line already the lines are more important to say
What more is there to say okay? They stunk yep?
Well, no, we're we're looking forward to today that's one reason I've never listened to this station is the crap that they play out of the control room
There so it's so bush league now. Why don't you stop them doing that all these Neil juniors over there try to
Play stick in the tongue to stick it
Tell the stick to can at stuff
The stick can it who's getting hammered today on your show
I'm gonna I'm coming on in 10 minutes. I get paid starting at 10. Okay. I've got the meter running
I'm not gonna put a bit on power nine I would did the bed on power 96 for free
I'm looking for a little something another foot massager Ellie
Massage this sweetheart crazy bitch. God is she something
Got a foot massager in my contract. I
Wonder she's got a vibrator in her contract at the herald well psychotic bitch
Yeah
We're not on the year are we
You're in cue
Yeah cue this
Well, we'll feed her on time and we woke up this dying bunch over here man all your your audiences so one dimensional
I think most of these guys go to bed with a jack strap over their thing over their head
one head anyway
God
Tom to lighten up a little bit y'all do y'all you guys ought to be sending me a contribution if I were making so day
Much money I would request that would demand it and we give a little variety here
Are we gonna end up moving over to your studios or somebody got through town?
Somebody told me that you didn't want anybody in your studio
You wanted just to be the new Roger studio and nobody else was allowed over there
No, no, that's what they told me they said that even when we move up on the third floor
Which we will February they start even when that happens is they're gonna build us around studio
I didn't ask for that did I ask for my own studio at IOD? No, did I ask for my own studio?
Okay, how do all these rumors get out that I mention it? You're not allowed in okay rimmers rumors
Mandage is allowed in oh, yeah you and mandage boy
Mandage is great. How is that really wants me to sing God bless America and paste decent a G-string?
I'll do it. He's pulling it right
What is it he's pulling in some coin manage? When is he on the air?
I think Saturday actually there's a scam almost as good as mine
He also gets paid for doing nothing. He he's a little bit better to take a page out of our songbook man
Getting paid for sitting on your ass and traveling around pick up a check once a week. That's the way to go
You have done it my friend you have it all figured out. He's up too loud, but I can't hear these guys
The you know it's gonna be a little what happens when I do this I hear you
I'll look at when you do what when you crank them up. Oh Jesus you know even over the air weights the studio just sounds nicer over there
It is wait till you see it you'll cry or cry like a baby
Why do you think D.F.O. is in rehab? He was over here Thursday saw the studio had a complete relapse
He was he was here Thursday looked real puffy by the way
Man got that big contract over here now. He must be eating and drinking up or just eating up a storm anyway
Well, of course we we're gonna let you go for a couple minutes and get ready
It's a vacation and we'll see no he's not on vacation
He's having some personal problems getting some help by this Phil Henry Jr
Routine he's getting the hell is on vacation. He did have the under in the dolphins game though his last bet like I said
Rehab
You
You've been enjoying watching Chris Wells play
You know something I'm glad you mentioned that not you know
Chris Wells actually on this new line is playing a lot better like that. I can't believe you said that
I know that I figured I'd give you one shocker for the morning
I like actually like the way he's playing with Fitzgerald and Lindsay. He's playing almost like a real player
But let me ask you this and on our team that's saying a lot do you have to play by play though of the Barnes 3
Yes, yesterday will you be playing them all morning? I'm sure you'll not
Stubat look we got Ray Whitney is God and I got Don Sherry which I'm gonna play it
Sayonet on the hockey night in Canada the Saturday night
Ray Whitney is the best point man in the world today according to me and Don Sherry in the world
Not not to mention he looks pretty good too, but Ray Whitney is God don't ever forget that a milf you cross Ray Whitney
And you'll have to deal with me. Let me ask about me and 10 big Italians better off
Would you do anything you could to get the guy here better off?
So he's up pussy forget about him. Okay. He's another one of these overpaid Europeans that the Premadana divisive
We don't need him. Yes, you're not a big man of it
You know, we're more we're more was on the other day a guy calls in to show you what a stuits sports listeners
You got there are in this town. I don't know how you guys put up with it. They don't know anything guy calls up
Says what do you think of this trade Brett Hedicon for the bea's are straight up
Someone say that man Ellie must be passing that acid all over time
Must have stolen from the mayor's office
You're not giving me guys I got I got to get ready to do a big show here. All right. We'll talk to you
Is it do we sound like okay over here? Yeah, you guys sound real good. Yeah, you sound a little muddy
We're muddy. Yeah, that studio guys
Now that's a compliment coming from you
See you later Neil Rogers coming up this morning making his debut on sports radio 560 WQM
Right on the way
It'll be interesting. I hope he leaves Rember alone. Rember has been really sensitive
Thank God the show is on me. I don't need you to get ready for your newspaper
We're back tomorrow and remember the Panther Packet tickets for that New Year's Day game
Just want to say to go on sale tomorrow at 10 a.m. And today is going sale obviously at 10 a.m
But tonight's game for Tommy Donney Phil Shane and you're doing the updates to Joe Rose on Steve Goldstein
Neil Rogers on the way on sports radio 560 WQM QM sports time is 950
950
the
The NEL Rogers Show
To talk to NEL called 5667-0560 toll free for date and
Bradford or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of NEL, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM, Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, NEL Rogers on Sports Radio 5667, God created the heaven's
MBR and it was good.
Then, God created man and it wasn't bad.
But the masses were ashes.
They were lost.
They had no guidance.
So God sat and thought about it.
And he created the NEL Rogers Show.
And God set forth NEL to entertain the people of Israel.
But canonites, the Palestinians and the douchebags and NEL led his plot through the dark
cold rugged terrain of Miami Radio.
He conquered the mountains.
He cast down the algorithm and vanished the foul bird and it was good.
NEL Rogers Show is not just a show, it's a religious experience.
Well, I hate what to do with NEL.
Who's that bag and bag on again?
I want what they had before.
These are my kind of guys.
What the hell are they doing anyway?
They're from analy-sounding guys really gay.
I want four at Christmas for Ghosts' Voice and Three High.
When I listen to the sports,
a manly voice won't get my attention.
But we'll really get to be stood for the shorts.
A squeaky high voice will give me an erection.
Well, I hate what to do with our QAL.
But that bag and bag on again.
I'm going to miss here at Straight Man with voices this high.
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet and end.
So I can address all the macho friends.
And check out Chris More at night to help him pay the sign.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voices as in cracks.
And they were 12 years old.
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, stand up real close to the radio and press the sound.
Get their voices on up there really makes my balls take over here.
And that crow, man, he's smarter than my infrared brother.
Yeah.
So, let me ask you the first question.
What the hell time is, Chris?
More on.
Anyway, it's 1003 on 560 QAM.
And we got a Coxies Army in here to like you never say anything like this.
You think there was something going on here today, which they're just might be.
And it's a major miracle.
Let me say it again.
George Corso is God.
Now, would we be here today if it weren't for this one poor guy?
That's right.
Even our George is like got the clap in there for him.
He's clapping and yacking.
And this man did five people's work nine o'clock last night.
We finally got the last, well not the last, but close to the last piece of equipment in here.
And it's a major miracle.
One man.
So powerful.
So amazing.
So miraculous.
Any words in earring too.
How do you like that?
So we've got the seven months worth of material to cover here.
And you know, Ellie Brecker.
I had all the other stuff I want to talk about.
And then of course we got the Harold.
And we know how much we love the Harold.
There are favorites.
And she comes up with Ellie.
I mean, seriously, could you ever get anything right?
I love you.
You're a sweet person, but stay the hell away.
You know what I mean?
This is just unbelievable.
She has an article in here this morning, a little bit late, but better late than ever.
But Ellie Brecker.
That fucking bitch.
Has got a thing in here that says, I'm talking about the fact that, you know, there was a few delays here over these past.
They only had seven months to get this done.
Not a long time.
Not a long time for a project that should take about three weeks.
But they only had seven months to do it.
And they kept giving us one date.
It's going to be done December 1st.
It's going to be done December 8th.
It's going to be done December 15th.
Positively December 16th.
Nine o'clock last night, the 29th of freaking December.
We get the last piece of equipment in here so we can do the show.
See, their idea of doing a show is you walk into a dilapidated old flea bag, like Hank keeps telling you it is over there at QAM.
You sit down with a mic and a board that Mark Coney would be embarrassed by.
And you flip the stuff open and the cloud worked out.
That's being on the radio, okay?
We are here to drag the beastly read people out of the stone age of broadcasting into at least the 19th century anyway.
20th would be a little bit too much.
But how about the 19th?
How about those big old final tubes that glow real bright?
You know, the ones that we used to see in the transmitter or KAT, artsmith, rest in peace?
By the way, you'll be excited to know.
I was a little bit down because we, you know, I'll tell you this John Duceback from Channel 4.
This man is obsessed.
Obsessed.
We even came in here the other day and let him press our buttons.
And all over the TV, all you got to do is let these TV people come and press your button.
And man, you get all the free time you want.
4 was all over at Hank Testicle at Channel 6.
He was all over this thing.
One min de yeta from Channel 7.
He was here on Sunday.
He called by the way. He's supposed to call back.
Who did?
Ricky.
Sanchez.
Or Ricky Tickey.
Yeah.
That's another. It's not even worth it.
But at any rate, so all these other, and Channel 10, know where to be found.
Come to find out and left it in her will.
You know, and that fucking bitch.
She's another one left it in her will that anybody at Channel 10 gives neo-rodgers that fat, fat, and look who's talking sweet art.
Any publicity is out.
Is out.
How do you like that?
So from her grave, but I noticed that there's a pretty cheap mic, too, by the way.
Channel 10 finally made it here today. They're all here.
The TV people are here. You'd think that something was actually going on.
Then, Ellie, Brecker comes to a, if there's nothing else going on, just keep in mind.
We might even have to subscribe to the Harold.
You can always get a copy of the Harold and go for four hours nonstop on the crap that's in this paper.
Nonstop crap.
She says, says a resigned.
Greg, oh, he resigned.
No wonder he's not here this week.
A resigned, Greg, read QAM's Vice President General Manager.
He's going to carve me up. It's been a lot of discussion about stuff he thought was major that we thought was minor.
Everything to him is life and death. He had a lot of time on his hands.
Yeah, I got something on my hands. All right, Greg and eight times.
You know what I'm talking about?
A lot of masturbation when I'm...
But I mean, you have minor things.
Minor things like, are we going to have a studio to work in that you promised?
You know what I mean? When somebody comes to you and makes all kinds of representations.
You know, come to work for me. I'm going to build your studio.
We're going to do this. We're going to give you all this money.
And then, you have to go stand on your head to get them to live up to the promises.
Then I guess it's only minor things.
You know, like nine o'clock last night we're in here frantically.
Are we going to go on...
When when douchebag from Channel 4 was here yesterday morning and I said to him,
I said, you know, if we go on tomorrow, it would be a miracle.
And it is a miracle. It's a freaking miracle, ladies and gentlemen, that were on the year here today.
It's one of the most astonishing things.
The pyramids was a piece of cake compared to this.
Because basically what they did was they had one guy do the job of five people.
And then they gave him like half the equipment, which of course wasn't bought brand new.
I mean, some of the real cheap stuff, yeah brand new.
But the expensive stuff came from the other Beasley stations in places like Norfolk, Virginia and Canada,
and Deguah, New York. Some of the big Beasley markets.
And so they shipped down to us a little bit here, a little bit there, and that was basically it.
So poor George Corso had to work a one-man engineering department.
We're going to build a statue to him.
Of course, the main problem is we might not be on the air long enough to finish it all depending on it damn.
And then we'll see what the new debt competition.
I mean, the stupid talk network, this thing, I thought seriously after Paxton, I thought I could never see any more incompetent stupid people in my life.
Guess what? Surprise! First I came over here.
And then we see what Clear Channel is doing.
Don't let me forget that I would do you thing. That's got to be on immediately if not sooner.
Here is the death of one of America's most unique, amazing radio stations in history.
In fact, today, in honor of WIO Dead, they came Paxton butchered it, slaughtered it, ripped it, raped it, tortured it.
Harry Valentine, Harry penis, Walter Sebowl, Peter Bulger, nice ass socket by the way.
You notice how Peter Bulger started with the INZ. He was with that other come, whatever the hell the name was, with the Guy Gannett.
Then he moved on to Paxton and now thank God he's still with Clear Channel as he continues sucking his way up the corporate ladder, destroying everything in his wake.
Pete, you're not full on anybody's sweetheart. Unfreaking believable.
So Clear Channel comes in and their infinite wisdom. They take a station that's been talked and entertainment for like the last 4,000 years and they're going to make it the news station.
Did you see Mike Wolf? By the way, Mike is a good guy. He's got a great voice. Good news man, Mary to the boss.
The good guy. He is, he's married to the boss. He's married to Ron a wolf. Okay, you think a Jew like her, change your name to wolf just for the hell of it?
God, get with it. But anyway, he's on the news last night explaining the new format and why they made the big swish between the IOD and INZ and about how the signal and Bapapah and then moon up your ass.
I mean, can me a break already? Well, yeah, this is the dumbest damn thing. And of course, we're not complaining.
And that stupid talk network lineup, I feel sorry for suds. I almost said Rick and suds. I don't feel sorry for Rick. Oh, sorry Rick. No, I actually to show you what a decent guy am and what a good mood. I'm in from the great time I had for several months. I even feel sorry for Rick, which is saying the hell of a lot.
Yeah, exactly. Oh, man, is he going to be pissed? Rick, we just stole this is payback. He stole all my stuff for the last of the seven years. Why not steal one thing from his show? He's going to say we stole that too. You can have it back.
Okay, but I feel sorry for those guys following. Let's see. Four six nine hours of dead air. How'd you like to come on following nine hours of dead air? Mr. Ego doing his old tired light bulb stick. And then of course they have to explain. They have to take like a half an hour to explain. Well, if you're driving on the coast between a one a in this street, you like a twin of 1400. If you're like two blocks south to nine 40. I mean, what the hell are these people talking about? Only clear channel. They have put packs in the shame. Even though that packs a stock.
So they have put them to shame. But Paxson is a moron and he's a genius compared to the people at Clear Channel. So thank you, God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Whatever the hell is out there for getting me the hell out of there just in time. And for all those wonderful times the last seven months. You know what I'm talking about? A lot of masturbation. Why not exactly?
Eleven after ten on five sixty QA and my first sponsor and this is great because we're always talking about food and I've got a sponsor that you're going to go nuts about.
Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust. Now you can go to Italy and go all over the world and you know, at least got some pretty damn good pizza. I'm not going to lie about that.
But if you want some great tasting pizza right there at home. Now there's another another company begins with a B. I don't want to say who's with a B. Well, let Mickey Dain do that.
But you know the one I'm talking about where they make those airs on pizza crust that pretty weak. But Mama Mary's that when I first came into the studio about a month ago.
And I met with these people and they said, well, you know, they showed me the pizza crust. They have a 12 inch big one. They have got a seven inch small one. I said, I got a smaller one than that.
And they're amazing. I took them home and actually tried them. Mama Mary's pizza crusts have a no spill edge. So you put the sauce on there. You put your mozzarella and then whatever you like.
You put your pepperoni and anchovies, whatever toppings you like. Ten minutes you're ready to eat on the best pizza you've ever had right in your house, even better than delivery.
Much, much better a million times better than frozen. You will be amazed. They're faster. They're easier. They're better for you because they're made with honey and the pure ingredients instead of sugar.
And much less expensive than the competition. Like I said, you'll find two sizes to choose from the 12 inch party pizza or the seven inch personal size pizza.
And if you want to find it and believe me, you're going to love it. All you have to do is look in the deli section of your local supermarket or ask for it by name. Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crusts.
Good by I O D the memories all that's left of a station that once had been and for a and that was quite a clean or a
wet pack and were insane. To blow it all and when they build those condos and block that tower off. You'll be lowered down into your
grave and you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind and you'll never seen
numbers you can sell again
you've heard yet clear-cattle knows what they're doing
so they think
but no one's listening anymore
because they really stink
are you sure?
good bye I-O-D
let go of Gregor
skip the pooper and the rest of that retardity
that remains a tax in soul regime
clear-cattle has a scheme
but it's clear to see that despite all their corporate indignits
they can't hide the facts without knew they got a crappy deal
and you've a great at one time
but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind
and you'll never see numbers you can sell again
yet clear-cattle knows what they're doing
so they think
but no one's listening anymore
because they really stink
oh thank god for clear-channel baby now you're saying take line six hello
hello yes
you're welcome back
thank you who the hell is this
apparently my name is Rich I'm calling from New York
we got a fat rich in the studio and a slim rich in New York
not exactly slim
we got two fat riches like I said
hey that must have been the shortest break in the history of WQIM
it's a holiday you know what you're about that
it's really nearly what you want to buy some spots
it's filled with voices
this is filled in okay yeah
I happen to see a little uh...
the little thing that had about you on the news a few weeks ago
some of the little thing yeah
all the topics you got that job on including lady died in Johnny
Versace and everything else yeah
and uh... just bad
bad thing on my part to have to be up to the way one on the air
but I had a call and check it out great
it's windy as hell I don't know what's going on there
they're threatening us with a huge storm
but it's just turned out to be wind
and a little bit of rain under seventy here were pretty pissed off about it
I'll tell you that
right what my sympathy for the panthers kneel I know you are what is what does
that mean where how does a pistol baby we want to in a row
we're on our way now that I'm back that's what they needed brine marie
called me at home before he showed this morning
said now that you're back we're on the way
to say again san Jose
but I would like to congratulate the dolphins in the past
it's an incredible back in job into the playoffs if I can say that
that'll be back into it all right
you know just that
yeah
blinded
and the jet line game they did finish with a flurry
and out sports seventy two to fifteen but aren't you glad
now see your start with sports again he's doing football he's doing
football take the jacks strap off and cut it out pal
so all your breaks going to be this short it's not going to be like the
hand show or the boot show you're off for like eight or nine minutes
and we put all the slop on the other shows
outstanding in a contract with the foot massager
welcome back great I'm looking back next week with
and forward listen to you again
and I'd like to be the first to request Wayne stomping the candy
rapper okay
have a great day see you
so anyway speaking of a way with me I better play that now because we're
limited you know what I'm talking about this is it's we don't have enough
time today maybe Hank wants to take the day off only kidding Hank
and how many times have I said I'll get into that later but in the meantime
this was on hockey night in Canada Saturday night Don Cherry
and I'm not going to do a lot of sports let them do this ponderous
sports with all of how you notice how right fast
during their towers over the rest of these guys don't mess with him okay
I'll be honest with it they could use him back you want to suit up again for
the right price he said he's ready but we're not going to do a lot of sports
a little bit of hockey we don't want to forget hockey because I'm the only one
in this town knows anything about it and that includes the broadcasters
sorry River or River knows the game it's just that he kisses so much
ass but in the meantime hockey night in Canada my man my man Ray Whitney
Ray Whitney let's just throw him in 13 goals the best point now in the world
given away from Edmonton used to be a stick point is that high the best point
guy I saw him last night unbelievable 13 goals as he's been and nobody's
talking about him all spare that the two Barnes has gone that Ray would come in
now you're unbelievable okay just a little guy words of mass play still like a
doggie Gilmore on the points been pretty super two doggie's been good
DeGie I love you but you Ray is better right now 13 goal how do you like that
Ray Whitney that's for you Ray sweetheart the best in the world and don't mess
with my man Ray Whitney so we'll be all right we got the San Jose game tonight
and that's like I said cut it cut it low on the sports will you please take the
other 20 hours a day and by the way we want to apologize to the four people
who used to listen to fabulous sports babe we're very sorry but that bitch
is gone okay the fabulous sports babe a legend
that fucking bitch in her own time so anyway where do I start I got a list of
all these things I'll never get to one of them should we just take calls will
milk this for the next five years by the way do want you to know we're here
today and again tomorrow and then Thursday we got the day off because they
figure after seven months two days at a time is enough and it's New Year's day
and then we got a panting game in noon what is it baby steps yeah take a little
baby steps kind of like a Greg Reed did with buying the equipment little baby
steps and then we'll move on maybe want to spend a few bucks okay cheap bastard
now he's okay by the way in one of the one of the greatest acts of courage in
the history of mankind its vacation time its New Year's Greg Reed could have
taken this week off and hidden from potential problems that we could have
here from his foot dragging and he did so and he's gone he's gone all this week
he leaves it to build Tanner our consultant Bluff Lindsay our program director
who's hiding in the corner with the nervous laugh all these other people are
sales department these people are left holding the bag while Greg is off doing
what he does best hiding ever try to get Greg Reed to return a phone call
while we'll do four hours and that tomorrow okay let's do a lady where she
boy this thing is really either I'm getting old or I can't read a thing on
here lady in one I entered the city but it didn't take it I didn't take it
somewhere she somewhere lady in somewhere hello she's gone are you kidding me
she's gonna wait for that long for me forget it here's my Emmy hello Miami
this is just like when we left this is this is picking up right where we left
better give those numbers out near thank you five six seven oh five sixty if
we're dead and brow and then of course a t and t and mobile one pound five sixty
they pay the freight Greg doesn't know it yet here's for a lot of the hello
nil welcome back thank you it's so I've been waiting for this day for seven
months I don't know what how you what you've been doing what is George and
Chris will be doing masturbation what I want what I would what is what was
George and Chris will doing what you are out galloping and George was busy
well that we could do four shows on that they hired him which was in that was
in the contract by the way and so I'm reason they did it they hired George to
be production director for the seven months since we both unceremoniously
left i would be on the same day and after I got on a plane and went to Europe
they told George by the way don't come back and so he was doing a production
here working with the salespeople for the last seven months so you're wondering
is George happy to be back doing a show guess again yes he is that's great
well nil welcome back I think radio is much different at least it's better
on one station there you go welcome back to the Atlanta and now at a chronic
sim card to you and happy circus right so I guess one okay we got a Jew out there
that's good all the gauze list of this stage we got to get a few Jews on here
10 22 on 5 60 QA you know back in the 50s those cigars are killing me by the way
Nick but they're great back in the 50s car buying was simpler it was easier was
more honest and a lot more fun tropical was the first dealer here can you
believe that a million years ago it was the right time and the right place to
buy a car and now is still the right time in place Chevrolet just made an
important announcement tropical Chevrolet has been chosen soft Florida's
regional Chevy clearance centers and you can call John Atkins the original
barricade destroyer now sales manager at tropical he's destroyed the
down payment barricade zero down available on all new 98s he's destroyed the price
barricade the new 98 Malibu with automatic AC just 1498 and a new 1998
as 10 fleet side pickup truck just 11488 and he destroyed the the barriade just
about everything else to like financing because you've got 2.9% or 3.9%
financing for a limited time the cars are cool to deals are hot so much to
choose from you aren't going to believe it and quit the gagging over there we'll
talk about Channel 4 again the people are friendly every day so come to the
perfect climate a tropical Chevrolet and beautiful safe Miami shores at 88
any bus can boulevard or just give them a call talk to Jack Lebo and a good
people over there at 1 800 525 75 11 and by the way is my car ready at Jack this is
560 QAM the NFL playoffs are on QAM catch all the NFL postseason action and
Super Bowl 32 on the home of your Miami dolphins sports radio 560 QAM
okay 1024 at 560 QAM the near Roger show it's our debut and they're making a
big simmiss about here I guarantee you by Friday it'll be the same old business
as usual let's do I can't read these things at all George we don't want to make
a complaint today because they they line up in order so take the one that's
flashing that's okay let's see if that works you think that's gonna work yet
can you believe that asshole trying to sneak on here not gonna happen baby Joe
did that work talk to us it worked thank you so you didn't get on the air Jack
as okay with your stupid store in your stupid business on isn't it amazing how
there are some people I was telling this the other day to some of the media
people there are some people you cannot chase away for love or money you can
call them an asshole you can rip them and ask as much as you want 24 hours
a day they won't go it's like a cat you ever try to get rid of a cat you see
him it against the wall you put it in the microwave you can't get rid of the
damn thing here's a Miami Springs hello hello yes sir yeah Neil welcome back
when is this I'm gonna have to tell my wife she even she misses you really yeah
she's the one that when you were talking about Luis Miguel she she's the one
that said when George was saying nothing is equal said nothing is the same
for there when you know something you're not gonna believe this not as
you while we were listening to that tape just yesterday only yesterday we came
across that and the tape to no and as a bonus I got Orlando Jr. living across
street from me goes to show you yeah but anyway no what what I was curious about
and maybe you could tell us because we're all interested do you just basically
read where it was going that was gonna be sold again and there was no really
no entrance no way no way no I'm always no the last month or so I was just
ripping them off I figured if I pissed them off enough they would pay me off and
guess what it worked it worked oh you know what I'm saying well it definitely went
down and the story was that I was on the way to the airport and they thought
they you know Pete Bould you're so one dimensional paint you're so
predictable you like the weather in no malasca man same old crap every time they
wait till you go on but in fact I told George on the air we got a little clip
which will play eventually and you're right Tanner I am popping the piece but
it's this is you know it's the way it is who cares but at any rate I knew that
week that we were out so I boxed up all of our carts all of my CDs all my
personal possessions and took them home and that last day that Wednesday I'm
away to the airport to go to Rome and I'm listening in the car and Norman Kent my
attorney who's standing here holding up a wall he calls in on a Rick and
Sud show and says and says we're doing a test I want to see how powerful your
show is if Neil is listening okay and I figured well you know he must want me
to call so I get to the airport I call him up he says you don't have to come
back till January you're they're gonna pay you off I right there in Miami
Airport I danced the horror I danced the Macarena I jumped up and down I
carried on like a lunatic and I just went ballistic it was great excellent
well good luck and we'll be listening Mouches Grasius and don't forget not
as equal now they will you got it I'll read it arch oh my god isn't that
something we just were playing that thing yesterday now I want sometime this
week I want somebody to call in on a show and tell me the big deal with this
princess Diana okay can somebody explain to me I'm in Rome it's a Sunday
morning I wake up turn on CNN international on my little uh... 13 inch TV and
here's this car sitting on the highway is banged up squeezed up car and I'm
thinking this must be an awful important car because they're like focusing on
this for an eternity what did you know they have accidents every day we're
like here and uh... all of a sudden the story starts unfolding it was Diana
but a beep but a boop and she's dead and all this other stuff what followed
for the next weeks months for an eternity for a lifetime may JFK pale into
insignificance in my life I have never seen such a simmiss over nothing who I
don't want to sound disrespectful because I would never do that right but I mean
what is the big deal with her what was the big story with princess Diana that
fucking bitch I mean did anybody really care about her before she got killed in
fact I think that was the best thing never happened or was the fact that she got
killed now all of a sudden they're having this big ceremony in the royal family
are making a big simmiss and a queen is there she's not in her head and saying thank
God you're dead you know under her breath she's muttering because they hate each other
like poison which they did and the media people you people are crazy oh that's
right channel tenies the right not don't take it personal but the people in the
media are crazy and they're spreading their sickness all over the world because
they got the NBC stupid channel and not affiliated with the stupid talk network
by the way and they got CNN internationally got the C NBC is all over the
so the sputum that they spread here in America they spread all over the world
simultaneously so they're telling the public basically what is important and
what you should be excited about and what is not and they decided for whatever
reason because those silly brits who still think that that brought the old
pair what the hell is an old pair huh I got an old pair I'm sitting on them right
now what what is an old pair is there anybody be honest with me is there anybody
in this audience who ever heard about God damn old pair before this brought up
there in the wingland off that little kid is there anybody nobody you did yeah
because you got a little bratty kid okay no you have a nice kid but you got a
little kid so you heard of an old pair nobody heard of no pair anymore than we
ever heard of Johnny Versace okay and by the way it's Gianni it's not Johnny it's
not Johnny it was a day go talk with Gianni never heard of the man in my life but
what was the big simmiss with Diana somebody sometime of course I'm sure
the landmine victims what the landmine told me the bags with the age of
actually touched an AIDS guy well with gloves and so on oh she a bear
handed she did a bear handed and touched them too but she kind of reminded me a
little bit of Jackie Kennedy without quite so much money you think you think she
had as well we'll find out they're both dead anyway what the other
differences are made but that's kind of what she reminded me a gold digger the
whole thing was set up in her first place he was boning what's your name the
other broad the night before they got married everybody knows that Charles
now it's amazing can you imagine him getting stuck because at least you know
the ears would keep him out you know if he got if he got caught the whole body
winning at least you know the ears would protect him it all here's here's a
lady and where we're not gonna find out where these people are it says mobile
in Pompe no Beach flashing I'm gonna tell you something my eyes are just to the
optimalologist not some cheesy optometrist but a real like eye doctor in the
last week my eyes are great he said you might be a little cock eye to say well don't
get too personal but uh... this thing you couldn't read this if they held a
shotgun you had the same other than a whole the crisis got ahead of the game
tonight to see if they can make him call the action which he can't here's a mobile
in the top of the sky right gone excellent what do you mean right I said all
right that's right where we left off right where we left all where you used to
this we've gone through a lot of this here's this game the gardens hello
hello excellent this is just what I missed so so let me ask you in the old you miss
this aren't you missing this you're only picking up a check for like eleven or
twelve thousand a week air be week plus talent by the way do you hear that
Greg plus talent for not working sitting on your ass traveling around the
world you missed this hello was anybody there now these are the jox draft
people make no mistake sunrise hello
you know welcome back thank you I just I'm glad I could be here for the second
coming uh-huh you know my making personal when was the first one
uh... when you and I had a
uh... first coming second coming I don't want I don't really want the details
I like that stupid talk that work by the way is that blowing you away
I have been listening it's blowing me away I mean I was listening what I did
was I kept listening to IOD once it went back to me yeah
so you know we're back on the air I can listen to news once in a while
like that he and a headline news it's like having your TV in your radio it's
like eighty seven point seven you know
six they got no signal so they tell you to turn on the fm
the new people don't think you can have too much news they're wrong
yeah
well I have one piece of good news for this audience known the armato on this
show is no news is good news you will hear no news on this day if they were
dropping nuclear weapons six blocks down from here which is the tax
in building by the way not clear channel I get what's a nuclear weapon
huh what the nuclear weapon we don't know that that's right good point so what
do you think about Diana dead or alive
Diana who exactly
I got one question for you don't really give a crap about any of that
not really not really thank god for you sir
may make a shame of the craft no
the bridge tender have a nice day you do see how long that took
and you said it was going to be prison bitch which we won't actually play some
of these or you know what I have to play
if it ever finally
a smell for the sensitive man
the man that likes to bend over and feel another man's hand by his
buttocks reaching for ball true
now that says why are you never with women even though you're such a great
quarterback
for the bachelor who might be a bachelor for a reason he'd rather not admit
Troy the colon that makes you want to place your hands between the ass
cheek of a man in front of you
green twenty two sixteen seven
a lot of you bomb your man downfield
joy nap a towel if your buddy's cute little rump
dribble it in your jock
go ordered on your face
back it on your family
law
it's the subtle sense that says I'm the quarterback
protect me take me out of bounds and sack me after you are tackled by a group of
sweaty men
and they get up do you feel lonely
Troy not all of us can be a doubt cowboy
but if you're a colon cowboy put a
down your helmet tonight with
Troy
by the way mandage is finally admitted you're talking about the other day said
football is definitely a fags port
here's weston hello
alone you yes sir
hey welcome back thank you so much i miss you very much
ask me if i miss being on the air for seven months i i heard you had a good
time great time and it's good to have you on the radio i don't have to see on
TV anymore yeah i definitely got a face and a ball spot for a radio
but you look good when you're back on the atkins
uh... yeah i'm on it
and the diet to
i'll be honest with you i wait myself this morning i wait one ninety six the
day that i went off the year i wait one ninety five is that a miracle or what
wow
when you got all that
dead time on your hands like regreet said i did when i was so bored the
tears that all that time on my hands and eat all that pasta in the
major accomplishment i think only getting one pound and seven months
that's great
so i'll get right back on it and yet can't do
i've been listening to you for like twenty years i've never called you but i'm
just so happy you're back
uh... who do you like in the army both
have a great day
take care
yeah who do you like in that game between vassar and uh... candidate what
can be tonight i was gonna win that volleyball game
all got some of you sports people get a life already will you even
hand case you like poison course that's another story
and you know these people that said what you know you're going to be working with
hank i don't have how many times that i say that thank god
but how many times that i say that i don't have a problem with hank
do you have a problem with hank i don't know if i can't have a even hank even
was kind enough to allow rimer to fill it on a show
remember that last week remember was on air a kiss everybody's ass in sight
i mean uh... that's really going to the extra nine yards and by the way hank will
be moving up from two to six so as soon as i go off you don't have to switch
you down i don't want to know you want to last hour of lardas
but hanks got his own you know he's got his own lardan you can hear hank from two to six
year we have to know
it's ten thirty seven on five sixty q a m
and pizza law i don't really shouldn't do the spot you know
because he was in here the other day we got the guy ten million dollars worth of
free advertising and look at this look at this lunatic just the words aren't even
fresh out of my mouth out of my big Jewish mouth here is jeff Cohen in there what's
in the bottle and he's drinking it don't put your lips on the same bottle it's
like going to church on sunday okay after the priest has been ditto around with
that wine
jeff Cohen walks in here was in here the other day they were shooting from
channel four
and he's on it they clipped the mic on his thing and he's uh... he's a star is
a legend in his own mind
he's been calling me at home every time when i've been home this summer which
thank god has been very rarely
when he got a get back on your diet over here so don't forget
pizza lock because they're desperate and they need your business either get
those forget those fingernails out here please
they'll be open and by the way nice game dolphins open new years even new
years day featuring their regular menu no price gouging on a holidays like most
of the other restaurants do when they like jack up the prices
because they know that most of the restaurants are closed and when you go in
if you got a strong stomach check out owner jeff Cohen's fingernails
decorated for the holidays and the dolphins great loss on sunday
in fact mention only if the dolphins win and still are in a playoff since
is here but you know i wouldn't do that only one world one place in a world
for the best pizza and i'm telling you pizza locked is a thousand times better
than when was down flag there was good there but now it's a million times
better word reading lasagna combination dinners chicken and veal and eggplant
pasta super subs you like it they got it
monday is lasagna night Tuesday's eggplant night both nights you buy one of these
you get the second one for only five bucks Wednesdays bring the kids for kids
night every adult entre you get to two kids can get choices spaghetti with tomato
sauce or a slice of cheese pizza and every day they've got the best express
lawn specials which deliver right to your orifice if you can't make it over
there pizza locked a soft lord institution for 23 years at three five fourteen
south university driving david just north of grip and road right next to no
was out these two university or call them at nine five four nine one six eighty
eight eighty nine in carry out have your pizza delivered hot and fresh pizza
loft their back their alive their well and they be doing it and you know
something i'm gonna have to get i'm gonna have to get in the mood for doing
this right because i'm absolutely lost with these q the nil roger show now
exclusively on sports radio five sixty q a m
you don't want to hear all those spots for places where you're you know redo your
penis and redo your breasts and all that other good stuff they can hear that in
the morning on the stupid talk network anyway it's ten forty on five sixty
q a m we can just see their fake our way through and i can put away all this
material because who needs it on the first day right and thanks by the way to all
of seriously all the media people have been really great you'd almost think they
like to show don douche bag a channel for this man is obsessed i pulled in here
eight o'clock this morning and they're like standing behind the uh...
barricade out there in embouching hiding they ambushed me with the cameras
but but but but but but but they're just going nuts
and uh... hank testicle from channel six they did a nice piece in our close
personal friend one man de edda from channel seven and even ricky sanchez called
and like i said very quietly you notice how channel ten sneaked in the in fact
they're still here you're with channel ten right illegal alien from channel ten
is in here it's unbelievable see if he's got a green card or a visa or a master
card here's a mobile in the summer hello
mobile
going once
going twice okay like this we've already had seventy five
all the finger man is back welcome sir
hello yes it felt like a
finger
i've been wonderful to have your boys again
must have a month of suffering
because i have no one to tell you about my finger my problem my my
disease i don't know i don't know if you are remember you're from sixty nine
if we didn't own this guy i could have done something about my hemorrhids this
summer what happened oh no comment no that that you remember what happened to me
that sure do that that pre-existing uh... i don't want to repeat it because i
have to admit to it too many things about that people are calling me people that are
out of penis yeah
right what penis
no any any old penis will do
oh yes
but it did i'm not a finger listen i would be talking to me more responsive i
if i could hear you but you know we don't want to get push you on the first day
one day go and read readle me forced to spend more money we don't want to do that
what what what what what i want to keep it straight my friend your finger to and i
read it here she this guy is amazing here's a plantation hello
nil yes sir good to get to hear you again when i was the yes good good i
now i was getting tired of listening to dr. Laura sloepinger uh-huh oh jeez but just
remember she's her mother's mother whatever the hell she says well i don't need a
better i don't need another mother i'll tell you i got plenty with my we got we got the
warren schmolmarnie on this station we got our own mother
uh-huh listen the one thing good things about the dolphins losing i don't have to hear
mad dog anymore what do you mean by that you know all right
and there you go there you go
god damn fighting yeah listen what's George been doing lately i told you George has been the
production director all summer and he was and all fall for like seven months he was the fall guy
oh so he was bringing the check home yeah i was worried that he you know he wasn't going to be
making any money while you were in writing okay because when you do in business with these
radio people one thing my attorney norm can't now he's out of the room i know he's in the other
room one thing he did very good he didn't do a lot of things uh quite the way he should have
but one thing he did great he put it all in writing and said you will hire George penalty a death
and after like two three hundred phone calls they actually hired him put him on a payroll
by the way listen when you when i hang up call back call a switchboard and leave a number for
Greg Reed and see if he returns your call i don't think so no chance no chance right no chance
listen you're good to hear you again uh you know just um that's wishes on your new enterprise there
thanks a lot okay take care have a great life okay Neil Rogers god by the way how's
their show doing you know what the saddest part of it is this this is pathetic is that people and
i understand the people over at the q a m studio it's a working with crap that's put together with
uh Scotch tape i mean i went in there one day and that place whatever Hank has told you was an
understatement that place is a turlid i mean it's it's unbelievable you can't imagine there
ought to be some kind of a law to prevent people from being forced to work under those inhumane
conditions the place is a sewer it is a festering toilet and paxon in his infinite wisdom they
spent zillions of dollars the sky was the limit you want it will bill it even if you don't want
it we'll stick it in there and they spent a fortune on all these grandiose studios and then of
course they build this great studio for Ron and Ron which half of the show never showed up anyway
he ain't got it exactly and then like a few months later guess what they're off the year in Miami
there are the they've vanished period they're gone no great loss but i mean uh just typical of the
paxon businesses he came and entrashed everything in his sight nice god buddy bud how's
peaches doing by the way you want it's flashing what is it that's how you know it's next because these
stay numerical order whatever you say for a lottery hello male god winners to you it's the
Italian iceman welcome back oh yeah George okay have a nice day well you saw how long he was
now we don't want chronics on the first day okay you'd think that there'd be enough with all
this promotion publicity and all those great paid spots that Greg's getting us you think that we
you know have enough people out there we don't need the chronics we don't need the asshole from
that video place we don't need the Italian iceman who's another simple jackass let's get some
real jackasses on her some new and different ones okay in this town there should be no shortage
maybe the mayor will call in here's a lady hello welcome back you gave back it super
free welcome back you've had same old case since you went away well the names have all
changed since you've been around with a something that made you come back again who the thoughts
that major who the thoughts that major what's that have to do with anything exactly okay
quit while you're ahead yeah but wait yeah but wait a second okay ten forty seven on five sixty
q a m i tell you like you said sure missed it for seven months we picked up right where we left off
now do I have to take the one that's flashing like under penalty of death or what here's a mobile hello
uncle Neil yes sir how are you great it's stem that's what i thought that's what you thought
even though i can't hear you at all i thought this is stem that would be me yeah welcome back
and get a real name Andrew well because i tried that and it's just haunting me just didn't fit
in with your personality how many kids you got four or five no still just the one just the one good
stay in a bother no don't start reproducing like rabbits okay yeah the toddler now so it's
twice as bad leave that to the ethnic minorities all that over reproducing don't just start doing that
unbelievable so what about you but say be a call day and help before you got back on the air
to check the thermometer today yeah kind of cool yeah you said it's deep in there
back dome right that's right anyway i was good to hear you glad to glad you're back what's up
see you stem take care Neil bye bye what's up okay by the way we are going to be doing several shows
on ethnic minorities in this country now they've damaged America but that's coming up tomorrow okay let's
do uh... is uh... he's gone i worry foster he's out of the room here's uh... candle hello
hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing great welcome back thank you uh got a little bit of hockey
talk for you yeah you know the uh... the panthers want to build on on youth they got a lot of
youthful defense men and uh... those youthful defense men have not been doing too well and we've
got all these articles in the paper about what's the matter with the defense you can answer it in two
words terry carcass towards that i can sing i can think of joce cerella oh yeah you're absolutely
correct sir why do you take the world the history of the world and they make it the coach they
have been saying that all season long they bring a guy who never coach before in his life they make
him the coach of the defense men and uh... terry carcass playing like he's a loss somewhere gourd
murphy all of a sudden degenerated any plays great for like two or three games and then of course he
thinks it's christmas all the time and gives away more than Santa Claus it's unbelievable no defense
and then these great experts out there and the people who don't like him personally by the way
started attacking the b-ser i got news for if we're worried for the b-ser if they don't sign this guy
next year we're going to be protesting right out there in front of the arena all five million of us
they're out of their minds this guy you know so we let's end an occasional soft goal at least you
don't let her in from the other side of center like philix of potpan i think philix's last name is
starting to get to him you know i'm talking about why is it that nobody has mentioned cerella's name
and any of the articles wondering the problem with the banter yeah because they're because you think
these guys who are writing about it know what they're writing about it's just beyond belief yeah
okay i just want to get my two and what about uh... what about uh... rimmer's stepchild
erabi need a martin it's time to send him back in it's a nice try robby but we got
and curk muller by the way is the anti christ i want to say about curk muller
curk muller you are the anti christ back to kinks den ontario sweet art maybe don't
cheerle that you move in with him and miss osaga but go away soon i believe that curk muller
is getting a second paycheck from someone else i think they should check his bank statement wouldn't
surprise me put him in your hand garpen law on the same bus have a great day pal go on okay go
panthers got the big sano's a game tonight and of course you'll be able to hear a uh... fact
simile representation of the game tonight right here i five sixty q a m well i tell you it's just uh...
you know it's just astonishing that some people see there are some people thought i was going to
spend a lot of time ripping them today and i don't have time for that i can't waste time on small
potatoes but what time is christ moron you know what i'm saying i mean i just i don't have time to
waste with all the things that have gone down the last seven months wasting my time on morons
you know anyway let's uh... these lines are spoken baby let me just give you the numbers to get
familiar these are by the way brand new numbers and of course the people back at the state they
always not only got to have his own studio he's got to have his own god damn numbers he's got right
you're right i mean what i'll not here's the surf side hello
neal welcome back thank you sir this is a metatacio for the old days i need some help
a wild back to it selling really
a wild back what a wild back you help the contest at the old radio station where you awarded
free tickets to the twenty-fifth anniversary godfather and you also awarded a uh...
video and i think i see the with the music and the boys at the w r d sent us the tickets but they
never sent us the balance of the prices how the system garbage up with them guys call up but
tax and palen good luck to you okay give put a horse has had an email to this asshole oh gee
here it is can this is what you just heard this is the epitome of this town right there what you
just heard i'm off the air for seven months we got all these people running around here it's like a
big simmissal a meteor in here the television stations every one of them's in here and this guy
calls up seven freaking months later and wants to know can i get him is uh... give him some assistance
with getting his prize from the a-packs and people i'll tell you what maybe they'll give me a few
shares of that stock before goes down to about three okay pal oh my god seven and a half i think
this morning the stock was eleven and seven eights at one point seven and something seven and
change on freaking believable buddy buddy who are really i see it jorge how's this one okay he's
giving me two fingers i'm giving him one just relax we're not on the air hello
yeah big emergency take long to go where's the fabulous sports bay what you get that
odor in your system it's hard to get it out yeah hello nale welcome back what is this
Henry no yes get out of here why well i can't be able to read it on this thing here
Henry yes oh oh oh oh oh oh it's nice to have you back well thank you Henry you're still alive i mean
how is mikey doing mikey's doing great yeah we just celebrated our fourth anniversary doing that
congratulations are you on the air yes yeah yeah we're still there i say more power to you
gun i really mean it man these guys takes forever to get that taste and smell how do your system these
guys got screwed big time i mean right deep in the rectum by the cox people which is kind of
interesting we put that together and they said okay we're nearly set out for a year which tell
them i'm jealous by the way i only got paid seven months he got paid for a year laying golf
and the drink and the booze and uh you know and these guys went over to waxy and put their own
thing on here now who owns you guys now mike no no by mean who owns that station still different
it's still Jefferson yeah Dennis Collins yes Dennis is still there when he comes in god he's still alive
oh yeah damn it they're in a big repodeling now building an addition under the building by the way
Dennis yeah now it's not personally you know this business Henry absolutely you got you got
kind of your own deal you work for uh reneering he kind of is like an independent uh boozard uh
contractor that's right i just want you know that sent your back this morning gave me an excuse uh
i opened the bottle of wine there you go excellent timing is always nice going Henry welcome back
Neil it's good to have you say hi is Roger still around oh yeah and uh Harrison
Ron Harrison yeah yeah it's probably listening right now all right Ron maybe he'll build up the
co-horns to call in i doubt it maybe we can straighten him out but i doubt it no chance say hi to
Mike give him a big kiss for us we'll do it thanks Henry bye bye see you Henry Barrow from the days when
w i would in fact tenor and i were talking about this yesterday w i would be used to be the news station
even though it wasn't a news format they were the station that had the credibility for news they had a
great news staff we had people on the air during a hurricane during the go uh well let's not go
back through all of this crap okay it's depressing it's depressing to think about the greatness all
of work and the toil of people put in there and then of course the FCC comes along with this phrase
what did i tell you people in the audience when they came down with his deal about letting all these
big companies snuff out the competition by the way speaking of big companies and stuff it out
the competition i was that asshole Wayne doing these days by the way oh yeah i got plenty to talk
about Wayne my good buddy Wayne hey let's go build that stadium right now maybe while the mayor of
Miami is still on hallucinogens maybe we can talk him into spending $250 million that we find in a
broom closet somewhere yeah so we can build a new stadium i mean it's the aromas still in the year
from all the panthers are leaving unless we build them in arena in broward and we uh oh whatever you
don't want them to leave what building the arena way and here you go and all of a sudden the
marlins this miracle of miracles win the world serious and the the parades aren't even over yet the
glory and the excitement in the community hasn't even subsided and long comes Wayne and his
pimped don smiley to announce to the world oh we've got a deal here but but of course you do
understand if we're going to put all this money up we have to have a $250 million
don't stadium i'll tell you what you're going to get this year baby you're going to get oh i
shouldn't say this goes deficit in there we got the games on here we pay a lot for it but we're
going to have double a marlin baseball didn't the marlins used to be wasn't it the florida marlins
worth a class a team when they played in the uh yeah it was the florida marlins they were class a
so what comes around goes around maybe we can get sunny herds to manage okay's a lot cheaper than
lealand and leesty lives in town the florida marlins are coming back class a baseball they're going
to soak you through the ass for your tickets and they're going to say oh please build us that stadium
or guess what we're moving to nashville we're moving to parlor and like david said we'll pack you
a sandwich okay we'll pack you a salami sandwich good luck to you hit the road and get the hell
out of here somehow we survive without you know what i'm saying before they were here somehow we
made it the panthers we want the marlins we'll see you anyway it's a 10 56 and 5 60 q a and by
the way you notice george are you probably made through the first hour haven't said the
thing i'll do not want so i haven't uh you know nine years i did that no sir having a phone
that way there's in there when you switch stations you you know you uh have a problem there we
because of the habit of saying the old call letters and the old the frequency it's something you
have to be conscious of but being unconscious myself i don't worry about now what will happen is
in about six months i'll come on and say hey it's uh ten forty two on wbt and batavia i did that
i don't know why i don't understand i don't know what that's all about it's called getting old i
don't know what that let's all about but one time on i i almost said it on that other place i came
on and just subconsciously it slipped out in the words too i said uh the wbt of atavenir was the
my first job and radio how do you like that so of course to show you must be near the god damn end
it's ten fifty six on five sixty q a.m don't forget hanks starts it too today get all your get the
food ready by the way speaking of food we're going to have lots of food jeff is here with food today
we got the sub guy across the street how do you like that i saw that place the sub center driving by
from that great honey hill road what whoa that's a nice neighborhood and uh oh man thank god we got
security around this joint and i saw the sub center every day i would drive in here we'd get on
the elevator yesterday and this guy is there he says i'm the guy so and so joe put pick from the
sub center we're bringing you food tomorrow i said okay we'll eat it anyway dry concepts has been
with me for a long time they've been with this area even longer since nineteen seventy nine and i
have been telling you for years and years you've got to get the schmutz out of your carpets and
rug not only because it's going to look better in your house but for your health for you and your
kids and your pets and your opinion he has guests and everybody else dry concepts does it better than
anybody else which is why i have them in my house every year and even my picking mother has them
in the house they have certified tray technicians that'll dry clean your carpets just like the dry
cleaning process that's used to clean your clothing they'll clean your furniture your drapery they
do spot dying they do fiber protection they'll even do carpet repairs beware of those five ninety
five room pricing scams because those other joints they start adding up the price by the time you
done they charge an arm and four legs so called dry concepts today for all your home sanitizing needs
never any ripoffs just a super job every time you can depend on it called dry concepts in date at
nine five oh thirty six thirty six nine five oh thirty six thirty six in brodered five eight one
forty seven thirty nine five eight one forty seven thirty nine in Palm Beach nine three oh forty
seven thirty nine and dry clean your home get them get those carpets looking just like brand new
with our friends and dry concepts this is five sixty q a m well i'm here with you up can't
isn't here disrupting the show if you want to be on your go over on the on the sloppy uh talk
network there will you good god almighty so did they just did they do the idea net thing or not
are we doing it oh no i think you should do it you think i should do it here the neal Roger show
now on sports radio five sixty w q a m my army fort lauderdale let me ask you something mr
consultant why are they saying now on sports radio five sixty q a m and then a little bizarre
this is not a sports show change the ideas or else or else we're coming back tomorrow you assholes
so anyway George comes in here my George and like uh fiddles with the thing and puts the brightness
so there's no problem with the screen just need a little brightness here see George Corso is
under so much pressure he thinks everything now is like going to require getting on a phone and
screaming and yelling which by the way speaking of getting on the phone and screaming and yelling
and i have two people in the other one who can uh very well vouch for this for six solid months
every day that i was out of town i had the time of my life greatest days of my life every day that
i was in this town was like a living hell but see unlike George my producer who is going to
absolutely have an ulcer no you're always talking about knots in your stomach i let it out you
hold it in and the uh stress too and i'm telling you man you have to vent you can't just hold it
and you're going to wind up with bleeding ulcers i on the other hand and a lovely 196 pounds
looks like the same old piece of crap i always have and i'm doing just fine thank you and one
point of expectation okay here's a see i can read these now thank you George and thank you norm
for wanting to do it but you never would have found it anyway he's still looking for it norm
here's the mobile in a Cooper city hello nail yes sir hey good welcome back thank you man i couldn't
even get my hand on my thing fast enough this morning when i heard this was your first day back a lot
of masturbation when i'm young now my radio uh-huh and uh what else did i have to say that was that
mean welcome back thank you so much that's all it's required we're not on any formality that's the
first day and uh we want to talk to eight million people today nail nail yes also when you're when
you're on hold and you go to commercial yeah you can't hear anything it's just dead air are you
hearing that am i hearing why i'm not talking to you i'm not when they go when we go to a spot
stay here nothing so we're gonna wind up losing a lot of calls after the uh-huh i was on my mobile
but i almost hung up because i thought i was gone oh the the caller is on hold don't hear it
why not well what kind of crap is that yeah you very well puts her what kind of a pilot crap
is that oh man your first day back and we're already gonna start this now no it's good though we
we live with this this is a little experimentation you get the bugs iron out now okay while great
you while Greg reads out of town okay give George another bleeding also okay thanks a lot pal so we
got a little problem there we can fix that i mean they can hear on hold why you saying it matter
or factly like that's the way it's supposed to be like that should be our biggest problem exactly
like norm can running around in here like an old uh-dewish uh housewife here's plantation hello
yeah yes sir hey you're back unbelievable here i am hey man yeah you could have bigger problems hey i
was there for the final seventh game of the series about the marlins yeah the champs but do they're
all gone huh yeah won't see them no mole destroyed it fast so let me see are you continuing to be a
big Wayne fan at this point or what no i think he uh-huh he has absolutely turned off virtually
everybody with iq larger than their penis in this town and uh it's it's scary i mean what he said
years ago when i turned on him and rightfully so what he said he didn't get into the uh- base ball
because he he cares about the fans he got into it for the money and he's showing us now exactly what
it's all about and you know what's gonna happen this mile this mildly business is the biggest
scan the biggest bunch of crap there is no group put together to buy this team why would a bunch of
people who've got you know a marginal amount of money relatively speaking buy into a thing that
a billionaire was losing his ass on you know what i'm saying absolutely were you were there huh were
you at the final game no i'm not a bandwagon jumper i have no interest in the marlins and i what
you know i had free tickets thank goodness from this joint but i'm not you know i gave them away
i'm not gonna go and pretend that i'm a fan because i don't really care but not because they
they became big winners and went to the theory well that's why a lot of people were there that's
what you're i want to remind you of something i don't know how good your memory is but you remember
when they got when the season started they got Alex Fernandez and they were singing the media oh all
the Cubans are gonna come out now you know on the days when Alex pitches they're gonna have 40,000
people in the stand because you know it's a Cuban it's an ethnic thing there wasn't one extra
person in the stand he had a big year till he got hurt there wasn't one extra person in the stands
Cuban or otherwise on the days when Alex Fernandez pitched it had nothing to do with that and then
all of a sudden because of this hyped up bad wagon jumping fever they get in the world series they
beat you know the braves and the playoffs to get in the series and now all of a sudden a leave on
Hernandez and they're playing dominoes in dominoe park and the Cubans are hyper ventilating and they're
they're rolling back their foreskin you know i mean uh who gives a crap it's a whole theme the
whole theme of bony they were all bought i mean you talked about that a million time he bought a world
series and then he sold the town out that's why i'm predominantly not playing us way in okay you
gray robber that's why boy's been a dodger fan the dodgers build from their minor leaks yeah but
boy are they boring yeah but they would they would they were they boring is there anybody you take
bill russell and Steve Garvey put those two together they could put you in a coma for a hundred
years boring oh god are they born now you are without Tommy LaSorta at least he was a little bit
colorful you know what i'm saying he was a comedian when he used to jump on the filiphenatic and kick
the crap out of him and try to eat his pasta i mean then it was at least a little bit exciting
the dodgers we're talking baseball have an ice taster see i almost i told it just like i
said in this article it's a one thing le god right not too much else sweetheart but the one
thing she got right is they're gonna try to suck you into talking sports but le got that right
that fucking bitch by the way remind me tomorrow to bring in my foot massager that was in my contract
well what is she where do you come up with crap like this le brachor okay
as in brach all over the place and please don't tell me that the brach is not here George
here's my me sure as hello well it is you a lot because you're gay a lot welcome back
doesn't be nothing be a good boy okay thank you so much okay they're calling in from queer
channel that was good if you know who that is too no chance one of our regular is pretty weak
pal pretty weak work on it and a song too here's candle hello hello nil yes hi welcome back
i'm glad i just heard oh okay yeah right i have some very pressing questions that i hope you can
answer yes okay first i'm gonna last Vegas can you recommend a good hotel and a good buffet okay let's
go to a mobile in Miami hello welcome back baby how you doing sir good good hey i just want to tell
you about us man we lost no momentum we picked up right where we left off for one of me the ball
better than the damned dolphins we're gonna write down that field hey i want to tell you why you're
worth a million dollars a year okay they start they had it i don't know that's what they said in the
papers yeah but just like my foot massager that was in my contract hey a year they had to come up with
somebody with the life somebody you could talk somebody you could say their name somebody could
could make me laugh one time you know something Greg oh you have just huh Greg oh now is what they
came up with let go let go my Greg oh and you know something they still didn't let them go they
stuck his ass on at night i was coming out here last night we were here old 930 and they got him
on there at night playing amateur a collegiate radio i can't get over it talk about sophomoreik and
juvenile this guy thinks if he keeps talking about his girlfriend poop and what it looks like and
smells like every day that's gonna make a show now you know why i did not turn on my radio sixth and
this is the gun in the honest truth six times all year since today i got off my the my thing
you listen to the new super talk twelve forty got a twelve thirty eight
j-n-o or twelve no not twelve they're they're also doing a stupid talk well no what they've got
what they did was they strengthen their signal yeah they strengthen their signal and now they
can't really ask you something if you take a pile of dog crap and you magnify it times a thousand
okay right it's still dog crap so what difference does it make the j-n-o had four billion watts it
would still be j-n-o with all the respect to my friend randy i love randy but with all the
respect to that it's still the same drag well welcome back baby we love you thank you so much
you're up and have a sweet day okay our numbers again we don't really have to give the numbers but i
want to give you the numbers so you write them down and have them for the most of the day is probably
starting tomorrow when it's a death-fally days because see unless you're talking about what do you
think about that marino and jimmy jocelyn you like jimmy you hate jimmy you like danish and you
already will you jimmy johnson the day he came here and kept you i don't want to start getting
sidetracked with the day he came here and fired tom olive a dotty and kept gary stevens i knew that
something really offensive was going on it wouldn't be the team i mean this man needs a psychiatrist
keeps gary stevens he is about as imaginative as duffy doerty and he's been dead for 20 years okay
a yard and a half and a cloud of dust there we go with that great offense gary and of course now
gary stevens going to be the convenient scapegoat he's going to get his ass can because jimmy's not
minding the stories to busy of what doing his hair to busy doing his hair getting his satellites
stuff done by the way my hamid house my receiver coming baby it's eight minutes after 11 on
5.60 q.a.m. what are we doing now we're doing pizza crust oh just turn your head of the wall okay
not everybody okay i'll even stick you in their spot they don't mind not everybody can
slip over the pizza lot and not everybody lives close enough to get delivery which is like an awful
lot of people but if you want to have a great pizza right there at home some of the best you've
ever had in a million times better than any frozen pizza in the world and 10 million times better
than the other so-called pizza crust stay home and make a great pizza yourself with mama marie's
gourmet pizza crusts even george's upset right obsessed yeah partially because they were for free
but they were great and i took a bunch of them home and it's so easy that even i can make a great
pizza right there in ten minutes in the house it's an actual pizza crust not a bread shell but really
great quality pizza crust made of the best stuff they use honey instead of sugar they're cholesterol
free they use only the best products in the world you just take one out of the plastic wrapping
in the last forever by the way just about you bring it home you put on your your shmirah on your sauce
your mozzarella you put on your like clemenza said you stick on your meatballs your sausages
your pepperoni you pop it in the oven for 10 minutes and you've got a great great pizza right there
in the house they also each crust has a no spillage that lets you bake your pizza without a pan
mama marie's gourmet pizza crust not only help you look like a great chef but like i said they're
made of the best stuff on earth mama marie's gourmet pizza crust they're easier they're faster
they're better for you and less expensive than the competition look for mama marie's gourmet
pizza crusts in the deli section of your local supermarket or ask for mama marie's gourmet pizza crust
if they don't have them smack them over the head this is five sixty q a m
don't you forget it really all that hard to swallow
let me see it just prance with me just prance with me now slide
oh right there let me see a dupe from weights then oh perfect let me drift limp
oh
that's it baby just
whoa now look what you went and dead oh i got a wipe this off
oh jeez it's everywhere
does anybody have a moist towel
okay look what's the cut that's crab out
you're no shooting garlic
11 13 on 5 60 q a m now you notice what i said before about the fact that my being off the year
for seven months much more significant that the desk brought those out there than it was to me
even though i enjoyed it very much it was a real bonus in my life to get paid oh my god are
these people starting to look a lot better every day of my life god bless you for no you know
there's an old saying the grass is greener on the other side you know what i'm talking about
and green there it is it's pretty green right there bob green and sharyl and the old entourage
from the real wio day which by the way they're glad that they changed the format but wish they
would change the call it is because they're embarrassed by what the queer channel is doing
to what formerly was a wonderful in fact just one more time for the west coast
unbelievable what's happened how many months it was like uh 12 months and not even two years
and two years they've gone from great to mediocre to non-freaking existence thank you so much buddy
putt and queer channel man you guys are just absolutely incredible as they i've never seen anything
in a business like it in my life i've see i thought i had seen everything i have never ever seen
a decimation like what they've done to wiolde even now what's your name the old bag in fact i got
the cart back there the old bag that uh what the hell was your name when they put the station
on the year the four hundred year old bag that talked about how the city of mime beach and they put
up the tower and they stuck a deep inside rick sanchez and what ever the hell was about
you remember her the one the old broad she's not even paying attention she's moosen with normal
there no chance on you forget about that you can do better than that okay let's do uh hollywood
hello hello nachtman yes i want to wish you a freelich and chronica oh it's another jew all right we
got two jews listen to qam all right thank you're talking you don't know which jew this is yes i do of
course if your life gets to i know did you eat life gets yet i don't it's not on my atkins uh what about
soof kanyot the what those jelly stuff donuts that george love yeah right neither on the atkins
no not this week what about in celebration of the last night of hannaka tonight the last night of
hannaka you haven't mentioned that yeah because i'm i don't know that i didn't realize we had so
many idlo hot list then you don't have to start doing my it issue if i realize we had a few
years out there i don't have your jewish count basically a gauysh station nah i can't be
thanks is jewish is uh at the pop and we got gildi there in the morning how did you see the pop
lighting the menorah yeah i saw he was lighting it in the menorah to write unbelievably when the pop
lights it'll be a major bulletin all over Italy trust me he sent one of his little puppets to do it
yeah well listen side gazon happy uh hold on we kneel yeah i want to wish you and george lots of
mazel and your newest endeavor and looked great on tv and in the night and in the herald this morning
never changed do i you know i could still be the same old part that i was four hundred years ago
and those doggies look great too exactly anyway i pray look at the chronica a good chauvus and
siphon i've junior who i just saw this morning in shoulsens is love and happy circus take any i'll
read it urch yeah the uh piece the channel afforded i told john dootsman the other day they should
win an award you know they have those journal i mean he's not as good as grego let's face it
but uh do you know seriously they had an award thing who was that that did that awards
well who the south florida what douchebag do you have the south florida douche bags and assholes
had an award thing and they gave Greg they said let go my grego what the march of dimes
why because he paralyzed the radio dial i mean is that what it's all about the march of dimes gave
grego an award for for what talking about how his girlfriend smelled and uh looked in the uh
consistency of it they don't pick the people they just collect the money for the dinners man
oh man outside of they have really put a new kink into a radio over there make no mistake about that
the bad part about this is we're not going to be able to hear loud ass here's uh here's a mobile
in four-letter day hello niel yes god how you doing sir i've been counting it since you left
a lot of masturbation when i'm yeah niel i've missed you so much i've been waiting for you that's
why there's been so much more moisture in the year since i was off the air people are looking for
something to do to keep busy i guess oh man niel it's great to hear you back i mean that's really
all i call to tell you and and you know i hope i hope that they go down in flames everybody but
rick and sud yeah don't you feel i mean let me ask you something okay seriously i mean i'm not
suggesting you're a programmer but in this business anybody can be a programmer you drag him
off the street that's what they used to do with iod but at any rate you you i mean if we've
had an IQ bigger than your little finger i mean look at this lineup they got mr. ego do
injureiatric talk in the morning and of course he's on 14 hundred ease on 12 90s on i mean you've
got to have a roadmap and a compass to find out which station which one is on and of course you
don't want to hear any of them in the first place except maybe rick and suds and by the time they
come on every radio and town is off anyway well the thing that was funny yesterday by chance i just
happened to turn on at like 11 o'clock and yeah i heard something about you know like like
like this this this that i was like well don't tell me paxen bought the thing back i have no idea
but um you know i what you were just saying about being a programmer i have to admit rick
riley and uh i don't remember who the the guy the program manager was um before they went
we only went first went to clear channel yeah you mean people you don't mean Peter bulls
they did no way that yeah it here he is harry valentine yes it was harry valentine because by the way
thank you again harry valentine for having that momentous dinner with me at britain jacks and
convincing me even though you didn't intend to do it that you're a complete asshole a water
sailboat clone and that's what convinced me not to sign the paxen deal and thank the lord if there
is one which i doubt but thank goodness any with it i wise up and at dinner with harry penis
but i met them at i met them at that sweet tomato place that used to be across the way from
i always knew deep in my mind that if i ever had a great experience in my life it would be with
a harry penis but anyway you know you're great yeah well now we get a chance to see if that thing works
that was great you'll have that on the uh we'll have that for a promos sir promo excellent job
i think that was an inside job that was probably a greg colon from out of town to see if the dump
anyway it's eleven twenty on five sixty qa m don't forget hank moves up to two he's on from two to
six we're still talking with him get out of here with that i'm still working on this stuff talking
with our programming department department of final what time is uh chris moron but we'll find out
man what a talent there is a man and he thought i was going to come on here today and slice him and
ask even Denise potman even Denise potman at the game is sucking around with me every game
very nervously like i'm going to come on here and to rip him an ass i feel really really happy
why would i waste my time with small potatoes Denise okay why would i waste my time now i know
why the ranger fans hate him like poison okay did we kill enough time i think so here's a lady
and four-lotterdale hello hello yes ma'am yes no welcome back we missed you thank you and um the
you tell your nice man a mitch hey you yeah how do you like that how do you like that this is this
little conglomeration this is what i was talking about they're all like joined at the hip they all
have each other's privates deep inside each other's where the hell is it oh man am i slow where's
him right right right right right right right there it is i know what find one but at any rate
there they're like all connected at the hip and it's like a little uh chain gang there a little
daisy chain they got going what is it i brought us some food on believe in how i paint yes i remember
this gentleman with his great jalapeno packers and the subguides here too and the subplaces here
some center big cloud anybody hungry man stop by we got tons of food Greg read each your heart out baby
eat this here's a aventura hello aventura don't you love this so nea let me ask you this question
do you miss being back on the year here is a cutleridge hello yeah hello yes sir good morning with
our new welcome back thank you sir happy suckers yeah my day is almost complete now how it's
started in the morning you're at 10 o'clock already now still Henry yeah we need the fill he's doing
great by the way in LA he's he's kicking ass out there what did they got all the good luck he'd be
doing it yeah this uh are you a Michigan state you know nine what is it are you a Michigan state
yes Michigan state by the way in the big great lakes hockey tournament beat Michigan's ass five to
three how do you like that i like that great running back to magic urban yeah out Florida he'd be good
yeah well it's my that's my god son is it really yes he really is now wait a minute that's your god
son but he's Michael Irvin's brother do he be your like Michael Irvin's cousin oh it'd be his cousin
yeah that's his cousin not his kissing cousin yeah i i had a fortune i had to four you know like
sellmates are they no no not really yeah i had this fortunate experience a reason since he was nine
years old and he's not another gangster like uh he's he's he's he's he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a he's a
what he's a christian oh now we're in trouble oh god he's a he's a good a represent soft
Florida very well yeah they love him up there in Michigan great like this everybody loves
Vegard although you do understand now what was the final score in at Michigan state in that uh
alone 51 was 175 to three or something like that one thing about us Spartans like
i always said we don't give a crap about winning we just go out there get drunk get screwed and
have a good time that's all we care about we're out of tight like those michiganters those
michigan we don't care we're thinking we know it and we're proud of it that's it most important
but he's he's a good kid thank you for it pro next year okay and i'll be moving up in uh
central Florida well don't let him come to the dolphins man oh no no i don't accident waiting
to happen make no mistake about it take a use and though by the way i think Wayne is
Brett new room of the dolphins are moving to a gainsville oh is that right we'll have a great day
pal and they're good luck good luck to swap them back now thank you bye bye you'll be well okay it's
11 23 on 5 60 q a m bob green is here in Cheryl and Linda Doyle is sharing old memories from the
and even one man he and it's like it's like the old i would be back together again when there's a
real radio station all right all right how do you like that we got some real broadcasters here
instead of those goi them they got over there now and man did you see the piece they did
it was kind of like an obligatory thing on the change between the the queer channel thing
between i and z and i would be and they had a piece and Alice Randell was sitting there like a
loan in this big room announcing the new q a m line up all right even get your score cards out
fellas the first team morning 60 10 Neil Rogers midday's 10 to 2 Hank Goldberg afternoons now
from two to six the new chris and boogie night 60 10 and then it's game night with ed cappellon
from 10 till the last game is have a great 98 from sports radio 5 60 q a m
Neil Rogers God
i see the hunger in your eyes i see the steam between your thighs
that's why i bought some condoms today
you don't have to find it be careful not to bite it
maybe all you have to do is just listen to what i say
hey
you're all i'm ready to eat and slip you my meat i'll turn up my eat come all over me
girl you turn me on you give me a sip i when you wear that song come all over me
stroke on on my pecker right i'll rub your breastline
you've got a nice crack got you down on your back baby come all over me
baby come all over me
see uh okay bobbin shearl uh i'll tell you like i said things always look greener on the other side
but man they were pretty damn good you know it even george is smiling and not too bad
anyway it's 11 30 on 5 60 q a m and then we're having a little picnic here weighing
Arnold's and over food merias here uh wings and things wings and curls rather brought us the um
who i said we like i said wings and curls brought us uh wings and those poppers or whatever the
how the what do you call those things you can't say oh yeah holopaniel popper peckers and uh we
got the course pizza lot let's mention him again 20 or 30 times so you don't got a business
and it's just a big party here today too bad Greg ain't here to see it right here's uh tamarac
hello hey nail how are you doing sir great that you back man i missed you thank you
hey nail can you play rostas you okay no problem in about six weeks okay it's all requests
uh Tuesday and if you believe that anybody who thinks first of all that we would play request
on the first day but of course this guy's only joking but some of them are serious some of them
are serious what are you just shoveling in your push these are the drumettes from uh win Arnold's
oh we got drumettes also huh and we got major rats that's for the jox out here like i said before
why don't you people lighten up a little bit with it i mean one dimensional market one
dimensional marino i mean even my good friend rimmer who's a great guy all his wife's a lot nicer
but even rimmer that day that he was on for a hang on a marino good guy busy all done as he washed
up i think it's terrible let's keep him for another 20 years who cares you know what i'm saying
they haven't developed another quarterback anyway crag iris and couldn't quarterback a
a midget little league team and they haven't developed another quarterback to replace this guy like
he's going to be there forever and you guys can hack a china from now until the year 2050 is
Danny done is he great i mean forget it already enough neurotic repetition neurotic here's plantation
hello hey meal god yes sir how you doing hey man what makes you such a hockey expert what do you mean
what makes me such an expert yeah you come on you say that you're hockey expert because i've been a
hockey fan for 40 years sir and most of the people down here don't know a hockey from a lenders
bagel just because you know the difference between the length of the stick and the width of the
pocket doesn't make you a hockey expert yes are you an expert i don't know if i'm just wondering what
make well thank you so much for uh... sharing your knowledge about hockey with a sir we'll see
at the game tonight not see one thing about our our crowd is one thing they know and thank goodness
not on my side not on the side where i sit on the other side it's hey ref you suck you know one
of our guys trips another guy flag release sticks out a sticker maybe spares him in the gut with
and a referee and off goes the arm here's the penalty hey ref you suck it's great to have that
knowledgeable crowd out there at the arena but at least we show up we may not stay as long as we
used to which really pissed off Wayne but in fact how did it take me an hour and a half to mention
about my friend Doug McLean and in the beginning i thought well you know i was out of the country i
read it in the papers i was shocked that it happened so soon but i did predict to everyone who would
listen that he would never last the season because duggy was like crumbling from the pressure he was
getting psychotic with the officials the referees wouldn't even talk to him anymore and it just
seemed that the team wouldn't play for him anymore for whatever the reason that's what i thought
but then his time is going on after the initial Brian Murray game you know they'd be Boston 10 to 5
which i couldn't believe and after that and things have been really a rocky road until he's last
two road games they still can't win at home so the verdict is still out but to me dog McLean was
the scapegoat and part of this whole Wayne business as a matter of fact is that in here by the way
oh please don't tell me it's not in here yet oh jeez it's not in there yet so like i said we'll
play it tomorrow okay let's do uh Miami hello Neil God yes sir welcome back buddy
good yes welcome back buddy thank you how you feeling today i'm feeling great you know see people kept
asking me are you anxious to go back to work and i would look at them like they were not since
saying no i'm enjoying over you know a free ride but when you know mentally that you don't have
enough money to be tired you're gonna have to go back to work at a certain point you get
revved up for it and now i'm ready i'm here and i'm ready and i'm full of crap as usual yeah
Neil i will get you cigar but you got next to the cars backing you up man that's right
hey Neil i have a shameless request man okay later i stay okay there's here here you go
there's the one with yellow key there you go pal there and you asked for it and you got it
1134 on 560 qa m where are we going next this thing all you did was just to flip that little
brightness up there look a little the contrast the contrast the contrast that's all it took we
don't this isn't rocket scientist the quarter engineer it's not rocket science you put the contrast
up you see you see something on the screen not bad here's a lady in hell and they'll hello
hell and they'll yes i'm it hi Neil this is Nick yeah i'm sorry next to guards no no no that
i just want to welcome you back and when you and i go back to the days where i was on the cruise with
you with now until that's a long yeah i'm a long time visit listen uh-huh but the only
i now i have to change my rate my car radio back to your qma back to 560
you have a qa m now you're not all sports station thank god but the problem is that i'm
a fine it is all sports yeah just before you do have new but you'll listen to hanky's jewish
that's after you but before you i think i really want that's after you i'm with i'm jewish that's okay
well like i said we got we got the gold in the morning is that new is that new stain we got gold
steam in goldberg as long as we got a nice bunch of yiddish boys on here you'll listen
yeah forget about the yet new things but yeah i want to get my way out of july when i turn up
I'm i'm answering when i turn my radio on at six o'clock i put up a news not to sports yeah
now unfortunately don't know from news no well i don't they do that we i don't know you know
we don't like all those interruptions we like getting the guy on the air and letting him
my role with this thing you want news turn on cnn for ten minutes you know everything you need
to know i don't want to watch the i'll tell you what you should be upset about i know i'm upset
plenty so what do you so let me ask you something did you will you listen to me yes absolutely
did you shed a lot of tears when diana died well i was well i was talking when anybody would be
courage i have yet but i mean yeah i felt very badly because she was a lovely mother to two
children yeah she was a nice but but but aren't there lovely mothers with two children in this
it like you're right right in town who give killed every day and nobody says a word about it
but we know i mean everybody's so worried about William and and uh Harry don't you think
that they're going to be fairly well taken care of i mean there's orphan kids here they're
for their parents get killed in a car crash there's like five kids in a family they're on a street
corner begging for dimes and quarters and everybody's worried about the uh the poor boys up there
the princes there would be the king and the queen whichever one is which it's more of a romantic thing
in the you know what real man says yeah right right yeah especially after this year but let me tell
you one thing if you if you would you do any reading all the time i belong to brand i the
universe have you read the kitty have you read the kitty kelly book no absolutely not why not
i don't read such crap such shot you can't say not the air but i can say crap i can take one but i can't say
that's serious seriously you must listen to me you must read the book i was very skeptical
i read that book i had more laughs i just peed my pants it's the funniest book you'll ever read
if only 10 percent of it is true you'll go nuts well everybody should go out today and buy that
book the royals by kitty kelly and then after they read that they should read the book kitty kelly
wrote 10 years ago on frank sanatra old blue eyes and blue nose brown nose and then they'll really
you know something about life i think that your experience is how on there would be more exciting
than that book you're right remember the Rosenberg experience you have forever he would shake your
hand okay have a happy chanuka yeah thank you so much and try to get news on your program before
it for you come okay well hire back one mandiera he's gonna do the news in spaniola
the film with you look oh yeah that's okay too see you sweetheart bye bye seriously everybody should
go out by the kitty kelly book you should make a run and then run to the store and buy the royals
big book big thick book for those very boring days like especially in you know in the early morning
hours when there's nothing to listen to on the radio oh sorry guys just a joke just joke that Joe
rose you notice how uptight nervous everybody was and by the way pony tail i'm not saying you're the
only one because other people are got sucked into with two pony tail Jeff Cohen comes in here the
other day hold you hear about defone blah blah blah blah blah i mean a real yenta man are you ever
a yenta if you want to hire like the he's got a side business next to the pizza joint called rent
a yenta and if you want a yenta this man can hockey a china like you never saw and you're like
tell me oh defos and rehab and uh here he's got either a gambling or a drinking problem he's
on vacation the guy was in here with Linda from sales last Thursday with his puffy cheeks he's a
great guy we were yuckin it up and he told me i won't be there next week i'm on vacation so
Joe rose and guilty in their desperation to do their fill Henry junior bit they're like they're
doing their stick always and the rehab and he's gambling about blah blah and uh oh god give me a
break are you positive it's eleven thirty eight on five sixty q a am attention toyota buyers don't make
a five thousand dollar mistake whatever you do only candle toyota by the way where we got George
that great for one or that he's enjoying very much exactly america's low price powerhouse beats
every advertised price not just in town not just in the state but in america or a candle toyota will
give you five thousand dollars in cash that's how sure they are they're going to beat those other
guys to a pulp over a thousand new toyota's and use cars in stock at candle toyota on these thirty
nine month leases new ninety eight corollas with aeronautomatic only hundred forty nine a month
ninety eight cameras with air in a c only hundred sixty nine a month that's air in the automatic like
i said ninety eight four runners two hundred thirty nine dollars a month little more for your
George because it's loaded ninety eight to comb a pickup sixty nine dollars a month for twenty
seven months and you can still buy with no cash down zero zippity doodah at candle toyota man
they're great in fact watch his name with the white beard ain't there no more but we saw him and of
course when we got went the every time i go and see him at a dealership that's his last day so i
won't be seeing you again soon mark but they got great people down there say hi to our friend frank
what's his name what's the a guido down there frank frank marcella frank marcella guy the
name day a veal after him don't make a five thousand dollar mistake candle toyota will beat every
advertised price in america on the same equipped in stock new to it or they'll pay you five thousand
dollars in cash candle toyota on us one just out the day land folks folks oh that's it this
there it is five sixty i know i know i catch all the nfl postseason action and super bowl thirty two
on the home of your Miami dolphins sports radio five sixty q a m bring back Alex Bennett for
gosh sake though yourself a favor will you pal oh don't get in that Mercedes princess
style we're begging please paparazzi's coming after you you're gonna crash into a wall no rich guys for you
princess is gone oh princess style
princess is gone she's really going to a tunnel hello all
like forty two i'm both the blinders here which by the way i forgot the innings of those other two
bits that were supposed to play and we also got to play that good by i.o.d about forty five
thousand times that's very lamenting the other one i've got in here edited sorry it's so noisy
in this room it's too bad it's so noisy in there but jeff cohen is holding court along with
john do you know people don't know what to do in the studio exactly they're in there like
how could a china cohen which we don't really care let me give you that number again five six seven
oh five sixty that's date and browned anybody didn't get through five six seven oh five sixty
and pound five sixty we pay for it eighty and tea and mobile one okay here's uh Miami hello
Neil how you doing great welcome back so glad to see you know to hear you again really missed your
big time thank you not only have i missed you but i've also missed the chronics because they are
entertaining and there's what he graber is and yeah most of the chronics i wouldn't give you a
diamond a hand but you know what the way your hand limits fun yeah it's true you don't
have corners and you don't know they're gone they're on for like four seconds and they're they're gone
okay so we have an open line where we know that was what he graber is in there with a bunch of big
elephants and positives nice going what do you hope the hemorrhoids heal up here's a mobile
effect i'll give you some tips here's a mobile in pebbroke pines hello mobile in pebbroke pines
so we need to let me ask you this question here's uh oh my god no wonder we got the space
clearing out on the board to make room for this guy oh no oh shan provocateur how you doing buddy
Jeff hi how you're the free food can i come down yeah we don't have enough for you sweetheart
hey i want to tell you i'm vahap a trouser trot and you like is really only one slap we really miss you bud
you're still there yeah well i tell you one thing you better do something that people are
you better taint his uh me and a's on his salami sandwich or something hey you missed the kevin
Courtney sports talk six times show last night yeah thank god hey but really and i know and i'm
serious is it you know three and a half years what you know it's pretty amazing from the cox sisters
to the to alpo to uh here we are today now let me ask you something because i'm probably they're
probably still listening in the car you know bob green and chirol were here from the old iod
right and i'm not joking might have tell you that in retrospect they're starting to look pretty
damn good you know things where we had our problems like any place else but only until you
experience sub-paction and then some other things which i don't even have time to go into
then you start looking back and they starting to look pretty good uh it was awesome it was that
was great radio i mean with that line up and uh and uh and poor Rick i mean i was talking to
Rick the other day he said uh this is going to be interesting you know that he's like he said
before the nine hours of leading yeah and uh he i tried to talk to at home and he's still here
guarding the food she said i heard fat boys on the phone i'm gonna stay here and guard the food
haha
you know we don't get any of it anymore you know we don't let me ask you how many remotes of
you sold this month that nobody knows about yet
all about two or three you know we're just sure yeah i'm sure yeah but same old Jeff hi man
it's the same story right pal you're okay in my book anybody who's from buffalo and actually talks
about it can't be all bad you bet sure little bob say they miss them a lot chirol and bob say
they miss you a lot and they got their fingers legs and eyes crossed have a great day pali hey
hey hey good best of luck and we'll see you again thanks all right bye say hi to a peep boulder oh man
talk about dumb talk about dumb see the one thing with the paxon organization is Brian Murray would say
with that organization you have to ask yourself is it is it paxon himself well certainly partly
because he's an absolute bozo is it jay hocker uh don't know is it alan mason is it parry mason
is it rana wolf is it uh Walter sable well do we have that in there please tell me that's in
there George please i'm begging you what's not in there but it will be well see we only have like
20% of our crap in there because there was a little bit of a delay because Greg had to go out of
town so we needed money for airfare here's uh here's hollywood hello hollywood oh these are beautiful
one after another after another here's pepper pines hello nioh god yes sir great to talk to you thank
you i may wish i could say go ahead i'm a multi-year listener i've only called you a few times but i
just had to call and tell you how awesome it was to get in my car this morning turn the key and
here you coming out with speakers there was one really yes i had quite an opportunity this morning
they took me up stairs and i was on power 96 with a morning guy up there was a good guy yeah if you
could see the that's more of this beasley read business man they got equipment up there seriously
we have thrown out stuff i mean entire cart machines and boards we've thrown
drag out that was better than the stuff that they're pasting together up there to try to make a
radio stage would you never say seriously i'm not exaggerating this is unbelievable so what
what what i think i'm going to accomplish and i hope these other people here the ones that are
jealous and paranoid and very petty right now eventually they'll come to thank me for dragging
this company out of the stone age and forcing them to spend a few bucks and get some real equipment
and uh... you know be a real radio station as opposed to this uh... shlock well i hope it really
happens and uh... you have to report a question a little earlier today uh... about the stock for uh...
tax and you know what i'm from eleven seven eight seven i have an answer to that rhetorical question
uh... well trying to call you a little earlier i dialed uh... pound uh... blow blow the other
station by accident yeah and it rang i mean like immediately and it took me by a first surprise
that i i've pulled the phone away looked at the uh... screen again and realize that i had missed
child
it took me forever to get through to you and no time at all i mean ten ten seconds to get through to the
other station that we're gonna be there we have a dark it don't get carried away this is the first day
i mean i'm not in a state of delusion you know i know where i am i know the way these people are
and the first few days of a nil it's great to be back then then by next monday it'll be you know
we got eighty five open lines over here but i'm not i'm not trying to blow small that's a serious
answer i mean that that really is to truth you know what happened over that yeah i do i told
Rick and so i had two words of advice for him get out i wonder does anybody know have they
re-signed with that outfit i hope not for their i didn't here i don't know because i know
their deal was going to come up in fribory and if they've got any uh... smarts at all they'll
get the hell out of there they'll ship anyway it's great to hear you nil i'll uh... i'll hang up
let's go and keep listening okay that's a lot of thanks here is a mirror mar hello
nil yes sir what's up dude how you doing pal
there's a pure protein guy the one they go to the bars the pure proteins
all you know right right it's the guy that's peddling that the drag i mean it was good protein
bars what's going on man we're saying old stuff man uh same old stuff man you know
you know i was so worried that um that i'm liking the middle of the day yeah you know it's um
don't talk about and fish your plug that will you please god um rena says hello by the way
renai renai are you cereal yeah renai the uh yeah i know which renai the one
huh they guys did your commercial oh my god unbelievable yeah you know but uh anyway
i need for it to say hello and uh i bet she doesn't look as good anymore as he used to does he
no no he has more holes on his face now yeah bet he does you know i'm not so
lost here it's going back by the way the salad salesman uh-huh
anyway uh glad to hear you back and uh glad you're uh qm thanks pal thanks
give uh-what's his name a big kiss for us what's his name renai see you
any guy named renai you have to stay asking a lot of questions ten till noon and like i said we don't
have news we don't care about the weather one good thing in this studio is unlike anywhere else
we actually have a vindi okay we have a window here we can look outside and if they are dropping
nuclear weapons on home instead we'll see a mushroom cloud down the road we'll assume
maybe something is going on and we'll get a radio and tune in to some other station and we'll
find out or maybe even get a tv set eventually which i know that our crack sales department is working
feverishly on getting us that tv set in dcs which was part of the package promised to us but uh-what
do they know they're busy getting my foot massager which is in the deal right le you idiot you
imbecile you le i mean i like le she's a sweetheart but god is she uh-pathetic here's uh-what is that
well i like the way that thing that lights up on here maybe we could get this on tv where it shows
the screener it's beautiful almost looks like state of the art here's my amy hello hello me oh
yeah hey man all those pics were starting to mess you knew you were actually starting to get
used to that crap over there on six ten yeah mike church you like mike church he found it like he
graduated from the neo-war just school of radio man he was a butcher bider yeah a lot of wannabes
a lot of wannabes pal have you uh happen to catch the new lucema girl production
say it again i can't hear a damn thing these people are i can hear them in there better than
what do you think about uh the new lucema girl production third uh the third one the third one
yeah i got it here for real yo yeah he's uh in fact his concert was when it was cancelled again
yep no it was cancelled the first time it was cancelled again no no they were scheduling
but i thought it was in december oh i'm i'm not sure about that yeah we missed it and i missed
Enrique too and they're very uh-psychotically and we can never been the same again
yes his press lady called me up and said how am i going to break the news he's going to be a
blow in his brains out i said i sure hope he ain't blowing nothing you know what i'm saying sweet
hearts you city i catch you drift the guy is great all right man okay pal have a great day by the way
i could actually play this record which would blow off the whole audience and they'd be very
psyched well see you have no taste what is wrong with the back door boys okay they're great they're
from Orlando what more could you want oh man see over the summer when you're in Europe they're
dry they're big in Europe about this big they're they're gigantic in Europe and they're exact
mean they're born again they're from Orlando they're very religious if you look at the uh in the
up notes of this thing of Jesus this and got that and the player go got it's good what's not to like
the back door boys from Orlando you'll be hearing a lot of them on this show in fact i should take
that up to power 96 to get some damn uh english speaking people singing music on that damn
loser up there oh sorry by the way when shfowl Griffin come into the building is she been around
shfowl Griffin haven't seen her or war and shfowl marty hey listen we got a few
sparses on the uh staff just to make it look good we're we're doing it it's uh 1152 on 560 qa
m we even have a real clock up here each your hearts out guys we got a real clock up here of course
an old fashioned one would like six hands and all you cigar people out there we have got a place
we have got a place in fact you know it's bad because i'm starting to chain smoke these again
what's the what is the name of these in particular because i always take the uh skinny ones
yeah i got a skinny one here not that i these young lanceros speak so anyway this is from our good
our good friend at nix secars down in little avana not too far just a matter of blocks from where
a ponytail used to be there at 71 11 west flagrish street a mile east of uh the the palmetto 826
right at the corner of flagrish north west 72nd avenue you can call them at 266 9907 we were down
and i say we that includes george because he loves freeload and cigars we were down at nix about uh
week ago and this is an operation i mean it's a gigantic place and it's a factory it's not just a
place where they pedal a few cigars they have their own factory right there and they have all these
old illegal alien i mean the nicaraguan folks they're great sitting there rolling the cigars and
leaving you a tour the whole joint it's amazing how much effort goes into making each and every one
of their great handmade cigars it's phenomenal it's unbelievable and of course they've got you
know they've got uh... all the accessories and everything as well but man they have got cigars that
are so damn good you absolutely wouldn't believe it in fact cigar a fissionato magazine which all
the real cigar lovers rate some of their cigars like ninety ones and eighty nine's and eighty seven's
i mean given the top ratings because there's some of the best you'll ever pop in your push so if
you're one of those people really love cigars and like i said take the tour because they'll show you
the people hand wrapping and making the cigars and i mean they do it from from a to z and then
they put them in there they dry them out in the one room the the going here and freeze your ass
off then you go into another room and they have they storm in there and the age of and freeze your
ass off in there and maybe if you're nice to nickel it's out of the room okay great place great
cigars stop buying if you we're not going to do that thing about mentioning that we're not going
to do that thing okay mention us in the that like it that's about it okay next to cars at seventy one
eleven west flaggers street and be sure and tell them how much you miss ponytail when you go down
there this is five sixty q a m you'll Smith toyota closes out left side line marley three point
oh he hit it oh he hit it oh he hit it i don't mean that was a three i mean that was from the
moon from the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here
when i was young i found out i was gay i found out i was gay and i found a new way to
around myself you love i find i like it from behind but it just ain't right when i walk around
i don't feel so tight when i am with you i give my buns to you this ain't a love i give it
i give you all a boy good deal you give me all the and i'm stupid
touch me baby ain't alone touch me baby ain't alone
eleven fifty eight on five sixty q a m you like that better yeah it's better you do like that huh
that bit just ends like that what language is he speaking what is it that bit just ended like that
yes oh that's how it ends now if you would like to come in here and rewrite it i'm just no
i'm real paranoid now my psychotic uh spick friend just come on here and do it just relax just
relax everybody's very uptight be like me okay you're relaxed here's color ridge hello a meal i like
to hear you talk about the mornings and uh how high pingos destroying them yeah why is it a
bulletin well you weren't around when they won the world series and i figured you wouldn't like
that so i'd be your system about it i wouldn't like what marlin's one in the world series well
the marlins are history there are no more marlins we got the florida marlins class a baseball team back
you like them okay palable see you at the game not signing right up baby season tickets a sucker is
born every minute and be sure oh my god al goldstein is here now that's the end of the food oh you're
you know something i've seen some some gigantic people i've seen some monsters in the
porno industry in my time every breath you know that song by police every breath you take maybe
you're last that's al goldstein you are joe what's that hole in your neck is that where they
stick the feeding tube oh my god he's got the industrial size box a special k and he's got the
and oh this is the samper is at the oh no special tri fund pack these are like the 45 pound boxes
that they feed to the inmates at raford and he's got a bib oh my god ready to eat what a great
bit for balka brine ready to eat there you go sweetheart on freaking believable he's he's got his own
he look at this he's got his own this got to be on tv this is too good to mess up al goldstein has
got his own extension forks so he cannot only it's like an ant radio antenna it's a it's a
telescopic forks we cannot only eat his own but reach across the table and eat everybody else's too
thank you well go out and get the get a few meals out there yeah go out and get a few meals you need it
just s s five six seven oh five sixty five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty for you
mobile one and AT&T wireless here's a curl springs hello Neil hello Neil yes sir welcome back man
thank you Michael clean my poo's at my with my walkman's on a collision to you from ten to two it's great
right I don't know if you remember me me and my boss we installed your poo heater in the motha June
he what we installed your poo heater yeah remember me absolutely and I pulled on going to call you back
now I know which one are you so fino oh yeah this is the Italian guy yes yes
right who this sounds like Orlando
bro no just another boy yeah they all sound the same Neil yeah yeah how does it feel to um to be
working with uh Hank how does it feel I mean yeah I mean I don't know I just tuned in a recently
so I don't know if he talked about it uh Hank is over there and I'm over here you guys but you
don't like each other right not that's not true at all I don't have any problem with Hank and as far
as I know he doesn't have a problem with me okay we spoke this summer on the phone not not for very
long but I'll be seeing Hank yeah I'm not going to suggest we're going to be boozing buddies and hanging
out at the booby trap together but that's beside the point I'll leave that up to Don Cox this
I saw you on the channel seven yeah you're a good looking man okay I'll be right over sweetheart is
this is this uh yeah I thought there was something a miss with this hello lion three I think is dead
yeah
see I spot these things immediately they're in hold they're what there was music there was music
hello no they're not there's nobody on there unless it's just stuck it's stuck on you okay here's
a uh Davey caller hello hey what's up Neil how you doing sir hey welcome back thank you um well I've
been waiting for like seven months to hear what you have to say about all the stuff that's gone down
the Kathy Lee thing and the princess die thing and finally I guess this morning I got my chance
well let me ask you am I wrong about princess diamond you know it's a tragedy when anybody dies
but they carried on I mean if she's the most important person in the world does that explain
you why the world is as screwed up as it is oh I agree wholeheartedly they carried on I mean like
it was that with the end of any and I got swept out you couldn't help but get swept up in every
time you turn on the TV CNN every network I mean MSNBC CNBC Diana there's the car and the
paparazzi and the stalker rotsie and the Nazi rotsie I mean what is all that what is that crap
well I guess you got a figure the only reason to keep putting it on is because people keep watching it so
well I that's like that's like the chicken and the egg thing you know I I don't believe that I think
that you know if you force feed people enough they're gonna start eating it even if it's dog
droppings if you know put a little ketchup and mustard on it and keep sticking in front of their
poison or start for something they might start tasting yeah I also want to agree with that guy
if you call back I guess yeah you really don't realize how bad South Florida radio is until I'm
gone yep until you're forced to listen to it amen yes all right Neil thanks a lot thanks a lot
pal have a look and happy five six seven oh five sixty line three is the dead as a door nail okay I
just I just mentioned that in passing it's only with I'm two and a quarter hours it's our first
real major you know so we're counting on these things continuing to happen because George
Corso needs a lot more work here's a mobile in somewhere hello like I said mobile and boca hello
mobile and boca nice going nice going Neil here's a lady in Miami hello
lady in Miami air recall is getting knocked off here George it's a beautiful thing air
recall is getting I'm gonna take a cold one WI whatever it is QAM Neil is that you see I almost did
it I almost that kind of midstream Neil I got to tell you it's hard to believe you're gonna
IOM it's hard to believe you're gonna make QAM the number one station and this is this is really
unbelievable yeah hearing you on QAM instead of IOD it's like listening to God again there you go
how's it going my friend I'm dragging these people out of the Stone Age and bringing in into the world
of real broadcasting for the again 90s Neil in another few weeks you're gonna put that IOD
the 1400 F.D.L whatever they call themselves out of business
where channel is already taking we don't have to even I'll tell you after today just like I did
with a light bulb I don't acknowledge them I don't have time for small potatoes you know I'll go
take over there if there's anybody over there that thinks I'm gonna get into a dialogue with
them or publicize them forget it I don't have time for them how about your little protg
that our hotel junior yeah what up what up what up more on he's been trying to be you ever since you
were taking off the air you've been following that guy no I have been following her at all not my type
have a great day pal okay five six seven so his line three officially a death yes that not that
it's important okay because we have like two hundred other ones but I just want to make sure
Dave the cop another guy with that we're anxious to talk to briefly how are you okay
hey what do you sound so depressed about baseball be here soon cardinals will be kicking it
you're right they this year they just may do it yeah anyway you know stuff Florida ready on
politics at least local politics do have a lot in common when you weren't on the air I won't say
what but I think you can read in between the lines there uh-huh they both suck yeah hey it's a
last night of Hanukkah tonight you having a party or what oh yeah you think we're gonna drink the wine
at the Jeff Cohen brought over as a matter of fact manage hevids and speaking of big
grandma boon I think big new stories you missed the uh passing of and bishops so I maybe in
a retrospect you can play anbo uh if we had that in the thing here believe me it would have been
one of my first bits but unfortunately our DCS which was finally put in your 915 last night
we don't have anbo in there but believe me she's not far from my mind I'm glad to hear that
she's rolling in her grave if she only knew that a camera guy from channel 10 was in here earlier
and then we're gonna get a little publicity on channel 10 she is pit off there you go hey listen
anyway she might even put in a call to Janet Reno before the day is out or I'd love to make a
red date not sure about something be like the undertaker yeah well all right anyway listen you know
it's like those marlin's huh yeah right rest in peace it's like it's out on the match alive
cartana virtually today so in closing uh wish my happy birthday for me would you okay happy birthday
douche bag have a great day Dave you take care you go see ya okay five six seven oh five sixty
I'm real disturbed about that line three you know me you know me I just look at it and it's
sitting there and it's just uh kind of an annoying little irritant like like a mild hemorrhoid
speaking of that by the way I want to tell you about the biggest scam or at least one of the
biggest scams going anywhere and that is magnets magnets now I don't want to go into a big long
thing about this but I might anyway um I have been in incredible pain on my foot thank god it maybe
it's psychological maybe it's a Greg Reed pain but the last uh two months in the heel of my foot
they took x-rays there's nothing in there it might be a tiny bones per baloney I went I went
listen to this hemorrhoids okay because you're traveling all over the world you're eating bad diet
and you know you're irritating a lot of candy ice cream and crap and not eating the right foods
pasta very irrit tomato sauce irritating bad hemorrhoids real bad okay a real pan and yes I go to my
proctologist which I will not mention their names on the air for obvious reasons because they're
sitting monitoring right now but at any rate checks everything out you got piles okay thank you so
much as to after he looks deep inside my rectum I got piles thank you that's a bulletin then he
sits me down in his orifice and he's peddling me on oh the greatest thing magnets
magnets magnetic insoles for my feet okay 65 dollars he pedals made for magnets which everybody
oh Dan marino is wearing them on his back look at what it's doing for him huh nice going Danny
and race horses they're putting blankets on race horses with magnets for their backs for their
days for their ass so I buy these insoles for my shoes we go out to Vegas I'm out there three or
four days walking around running around losing my ass and my foot is starting to kill me from
these goddamn magnets in my shoes I take the magnets out because now at least I can walk a little
bit and as the days progressed I realized I've got a serious problem in the hill of my foot that hurts
like a mother which only in the last couple of two months of agony because of these freaking magnets
so let me just alert all of you out there you know first it's you know the the pill that's going to
house the lend energy doing by the way how's good old into doing with that fan fan bought any lately
guys first at some crap like that then at some other crackery with the less than kelp b6 remember
those for the you're gonna lose weight take a you know a few of these you'll lose some weight that's
in your wallet you're gonna lose the weight you'll feel a little bit lighter like about ten bucks
and now it's magnets and and the worst part of it is it's a pyramid scam and that the people
who are involved in this are like they're like moonies their brainwash they're obsessed oh well
it's uh you know everything is a pyramid exon is a pyramid the whole world is a pyramid but it's
great for you gotta learn up on it yeah I learned up on it all right my foot is killing me already okay
you know I think that my proctologist will look into branch out another area so to speak because
if you ever wondered what kind of a practice what kind of a young man who goes to medical school
chooses proctology to be his profession to be his area of endeavor so to speak as in rectum
you know I mean what is that what kind of person wants to look inside other people's rectums all day
I mean let's get serious okay doc so it's no wonder he's looking to branch out a little bit
get off my ass doc it's 1225 magnets well here we're gonna get some calls about that probably
that crazy bitch up there that's pedaling the man oh no you gotta learn about this it's exon is
a pyramid okay I'd like to stick my foot up her ass it's 1224 on 560 QAM are you feeling lucky
hollywood seminal gaming open to 1979 as the first high stakes Indian bingo in the country over a
billion dollars given away since then hollywood seminal gaming 48 poker tables offering Texas hold
them seven cards stud and Omaha high low hundreds of video poker machines two big weekly tournaments
on Sundays at 10 a.m. and Mondays at 6 30 in the p.m. daily many tournaments with estimated top
prizes from 500 to 1200 bucks various buy-ins rebise into our prizes four daily bingo sessions 11.45
in the morning three in the p.m. 715 and 10.45 in the p.m. also lightning bingo for the truly
adventurous a three-number bingo that takes no prisoners and come on Saturday, February 7th the
hundred dollar bingo game over a hundred thousand dollars in cash and prizes play the spin to win
bingo game guaranteed winners can get free bingo 80 percent of the jackpot or a five day trip for
two two Vegas hollywood seminal gaming 41 15 North savorow seven just minutes west of i 95
it's sterling road open 24 hours a day seven days a week called nine five four nine six one thirty
to twenty that's nine five four nine six one thirty to twenty are you feeling lucky this is five sixty QAM
tomorrow night Kansas state and zero cues face off in the fiesta bull QAM's coverage begins at seven
what do you point in your major is like we're back on or something twelve twenty six on five sixty QAM
let me ask you don't we do uh... rejoins on the way back after you that was it that was the
rejoins because if i can hear anything in the overhead not that i want to complain you understand
i don't want to throw any uh... things here but if we can hear the overhead then i would be able
to hear the rejoin you know i'm saying Joe Joe by the way another great guy is he working over
there is that Joe that's getting all hyper good guy did a lot of work for us which we appreciate
here's uh... my good old friend Kathy from the air you're not there you still doing the hero
Kathy is the well he's Kathy when she writes something she gets it right
Ellie who's that Greg read to one Greg read has been known on occasion to show we say pervericate
is that the word i'm looking for in other words sometimes he lies like a champion you know
but that happens he told you that you have we put the foot massager in a contract well now i know
where to put my foot and what the massage okay as in maybe Greg read back to him okay Greg nice going
okay where we go in here to uh... my me beach i can actually read these now it's beautiful hello
boy am i glad the folks from the herald are there that's why i'm calling i just cannot understand
why the uh... herald moved the editorial pages a few pages in instead of the last couple of pages
of section a that happened while you were off the air and i just don't know why they did it i couldn't
figure it out that is that something new with the herald yet what they did was the
the they they used to be not the back page of section a but what they did was they took the editorial
pages which used to be on the second to last page in the third to last page but let me let me just
say that to me no let me say this it's one more good reason not to buy the herald let me tell you
that now that now that Ellie is here i'm going to demand a dollar and a quarter
because i bought some days paper seventy five cents out of my herder money i bought
yesterday's paper assuming the uh... story she did had to be nested is a book
and then again today's and after reading about my foot massager that's a book in a
quarter that you owe me on the next meal if there is one
i can figure out what those people are doing not to mention the change in the
family of the other side of the cussure it's a great paper and to get out of here you
comey pico faggy you get out of here with his dollar you like howard clenberg with a quarter
that he gave me christia you know he only works part time for the relapse all the
can afford plus he's a cheap uh... i don't want to say jiu
okay twelve thirty right here jiuwis to ellie is jiuwis should look how generous
she is only because she's under a lot of duress
nice to rest by the way here's pember pine hello hello yes sir
yeah i'm from canadicate and i was laying by the pool listening to your show and
did you want to go back to canadicate we need some good radio canadicate is like
forget that the animals built animals billy and is placed well that should be
right up your alley yeah stay out of my alley pal
now your alley my alley yeah yeah i think so thanks for the great show i really enjoyed it
when you go back uh... on the six you can bring the after that okay thank god
having a trip out the con that real bad snowstorm you see that tear a turbulence on
a united jet okay we have one open line five six seven oh five six the i'm so used to that
bit about we got open over here open over there
course on channel seven everybody's a little open somewhere all i didn't do it i
couldn't do it couldn't bring myself to do it because one might still be listening
okay let's do um a mobile and candle hello
mobile and candle what does that make four hundred and twelve of those we've had today that's okay
we're not in any hurry five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on mobile one and eighteen
tea wireless here's uh Miami hello Miami hello yes sir
Neil yes hi hi i'm fitting another weather today now what is it i'm
feeling a little under the weather well feel this okay let's go to a mobile in
pember pine hello
Neil yes sir first we get the guy that wants to share his consternation at the editorial page they
move two pages in a herald which we could give a crap about then this guy's feeling a little
under the weather share your misery with us folks because this is south florida this is what it's
all about yes sir next complaint yes hello
Neil yes sir i'm in Palm Beach garden time wasn't sure that was me that's you
hello and hey rewoodney god what is it re re re rewoodney god okay thank you re okay five six seven
oh five sixty so Neil let me ask you did you miss the uh being on a year
those seven months that you were enjoying Rome and Amsterdam and Toronto and Las Vegas and gambling
your guts out and having a great time and winning Rome doing the Romans and all the other things
you were having a great time to did you really miss this oh yeah god i sure wish i
had to do it over again i'd have stayed and worked for and you know the interesting part of it is
to show you what assholes there on this business i was getting calls from people offering me part-time
fillin gigs because they thought i would be so bored i want to pick up a few extra bucks oh would
you like to work in tapah fl a wanted me to go over there and work on would you believe me on fl a
oh my god with that terminal blopster over there and then uh someplace in l a i don't even know
what station it was but oh yeah they want you to come out and do a fillin yeah right
yeah i miss it so badly have no idea we've had six hundred and eighty five calls with nobody on
there so far and it's only twelve thirty six on five sixty w q a m how do you like that you know
the thing that you don't know comestie all the many great you lay uh been easy more
yeah but i just wanted to call you to congratulate you on the uh on your program and now that we
have lots of solely water we can start taking classes again absolutely whenever you're ready you
doctor jack from fiu the best language your professor and the history of mankind who's
teaching us italiano who teaches eighty five thousand languages and uh what a great guy
i thank you very much for that commercial and i apologize for not returning the call for like
the last a month or whatever but uh we'll get to it i'm sure you will i just want to congratulate you
they should go on and you should be happy and uh we're 110 years at least thank you
gratia gratia melee gratia melee i riveted i riveted urch jao see ya i start doing a lary king i
riveted urch here's a jew saying a riveted urch hey listen lary got a lot of credibility with me
you know what i'm saying okay let's go to a uh hollywood call hollywood hello see i'm and i'm not
gonna wait i mean there's no point i mean uh too much pochking around waste of time here's a
mobile in hollywood hello niel yes sir how are you great uh life is great you're back on the air
and uh we're about to have some some real horse racing down here again yeah well same
dream opening up yeah um it's time durkin coming down to do golf stream man i hope so i think he is
uh oh wonderful listen and you're uh and you look repertoire there or whatever you want to call it
um do you still have the old stretch call of uh sunday philus and he's going oh thank god i just
threw that out uh yesterday's matter of fact going through all the old carts and threw it out
yesterday but thanks for asking okay we have an open line five six seven oh five sixty five six
seven oh five sixty works for date works for brown anybody else who would like to call in
and pound five sixty eighteen t wireless and mobile one it's interesting because i knew somebody would
call for that and that's one of the things i'm gonna try to do is avoid playing stuff that tunes
out ninety nine percent of the audience for example getting on a year and talking about some kid
that plays for Auburn University and some uh there are half-ass school that nobody cares about
immediate two-out the dials are switching dramatically rapidly nobody and i mean like harvey paxes
nobody picked six nobody cares you know what i'm saying get the message joe i'm sorry
here's a mobile in pember pine hello hey uncle nioh yes sir welcome back thank you very good to hear
you you care about whether Auburn wins their game or not oh no only if you got a bet on it that's all
let's have just a gambling station i mean all these companies are buying up all these stations let's
just set one station decide the gambling channel for all you degeneral gamblers out there i don't
don't have no phone all day instead of being in rehab i'd rather watch the golf show yes
hey listen i just you know i was on home when you took off a vacation yeah and uh
i left was left on hold and then you were gone and he's still on hold and uh you know don't put me
on hold i just really want to get back and i called at that time just to let you know that i
really enjoyed the howl i need after seven months we finally picked the day out but i thought you
should see my phone bill goes to show if you wait long enough but i actually at that time i called
just to let you know that i really enjoyed the show thank you and i haven't listened to
AM radio since i was back in new york and i didn't listen to it much then because there really
wasn't much for listen to when i came down here and i started listening to that you know that
other station yeah i heard you when i called you and i filled in the
handry there and uh we got a lot of jews on this a lot of fags on his station too by the way
well listen you know whatever you're into lots of fags around his joint all these macho sports
guys boy are you in for a big shock when i start dragging these guys out of the closet lots of
fags around his place hey well as long as they're entertaining that's right that's why i like an
entertaining fact that's what elton john says hey boy if you got a business going or what if they
keep dying he'll be a billionaire by the end of the year yeah what the same song too as in tomorrow
okay pal oh i got to say it's one thing yeah hey backpipes okay all right see ya five
seven months ago and he's still on hold nice going pal they shot him five with the hit him with five
shots and he's still a lot by the way i have no life gone i just mentioned that George now we
didn't we know just in case we do have i have no force can you have that but we don't have i have no
life and you'll have to excuse me for like doing little programming stuff here on a year but we're
just a little bit disorganized we've got about one half of one percent of our material in here but
hey that's good enough we got that foot massager baby and wait till reek gets back from our
and how he went that foot is going right in the right spot here's a mobile and four-letter
deal hello uncle niel yes sir god damn listen niel i want to say i really miss you and i'm going to
say welcome back because everyone else has a thought you on channel seven with a one mandy edda one
mandy edda yeah i don't know what you're talking about these people send niels ugly inside you know
niel i think you're really sexy for an old guy all right i saw loads of garbage but a little brown
a little bit of a thing yeah unbelievable i'm not going to have any shameless requests yeah just
wanting to say that um really miss the uh spigot that's a good thing yeah and uh the uh go back to
cana you do bastards because you know a niel they suck and i really i really don't feel bad for
that Canadian kid that guy that i got that five hundred and i hold the old box bottle in niel yes i love
you niel okay five baby see you sweetie eight thirty night okay it's a five six seven oh five
sixty little too old for me i think five six seven oh five sixty ray wittney god there you go that's
right up my alley ray wittney tonight at the arena the uh san jose in fact that's going to be a great
grudging as we got uh ray shepard who might remember how to play pretty soon we love your ray but get
with it sweetheart and ray wittney who uh i should play that don't share anything again and again but
i won't because like i said don't play that narrow casting stuff that ninety eight percent of the
audience including george do not care about all george cares about is north carolina and professional
cubans here's hi alia hello hi alia hello yes sir hi niel yes on behalf of the uh who we
listen to upload i wanted to uh welcome you back when is this which is gracias so tell me how was
it early italy was beautiful and he will use up there no no i don't think they let any
spicks into uh well it's really kind of hard to tell because they all have that four skin so you know
once you see one that's right when they are really glad you're back thank you and i'll try not to
okay all right please see you okay there's a guy knows his place five six seven oh five sixty five
six seven oh five sixty here's uh what is it a lady in boca hello yes ma'am hey nia listen i have
been listening to you for so long and you are the guy that got me started on lewis miguel and i used
to live in tampa and i flew down to see lewis miguel twice yeah and i moved here and so of course
when he was coming to my amy in uh december november whenever it was yeah and it got canceled you
know it's it was rescuered for february february all for february oh yeah so i can still catch lewis oh yes
you can uh huh and uh so those tickets are good for february seventh and which is a Saturday and then
we had catch and reekay first but i'll uh you know but then they added another show for february eight
really so two in a row right at my amy what was the deal he was sick or something uh you know
what only know that i got down there and there were like three cars there and they said oh the show's
been canceled and it's like oh crap and they just said technical good difficulties uh so who knows
bet you lewis was parked off about that well with i got to tell you i got two radios going i'm taping
you on both radios i'm sending both tapes to tampa or both about three sets of tapes rather
because one is going to an flacronic who hates the blopster and he's gonna die he's like please please
get the show for me get the show for me so this is going immediately out after this is over
beautiful and it's going and the other's going all around town i'm telling you we're so glad
you're back and let me ask you this question canas mas macho lewis oh and reekay oh lewis
agreed yes okay okay see ya there she goes there rumored junior it's uh although i do love and
reekay and lewis make no mistake about that okay and i'm trying to find the cut on here which we
won't play but just to scare the crap out of these people this is the one some stick music here
i don't think this is the one for debajo de la mesa okay
a lot of the table that's our business baby you got it like that focus on it that's where i keep
buying one that's in my contract you know along with those extra strengths and positive
worries for the hemorrhage you get from grec reed who will not return your phone calls and stuff
like that out i don't think that's a cut i'll find there's one great cut on his new album called
romances he's only had about what 85 romances out he's doing good with it don't knock it all the
we start and you think he had a nose job look at his snout look at that honker and his nose too
it looks like he had a some some kind of a job maybe had a job i'm not sure i know we needed the
other thing on there i'd listen i'm doing huh the bleep is on there but it's not on that bank oh i'm
sir you have it on there what you call it it's twelve fifty on five sixty qa don't push me okay
i'm out of practice this stuff is like a marginal ad best for today and we'll fake our way by and
then with the next seven or eight months we'll finally get our crap together and they'll say oh
guess what we're moving to those new studios now we're getting out okay you first the nfl playoffs are
on qa m catch all the nfl postseason action and super bowl thirty two on the home of your Miami dolphins
sports radio five sixty qa m let me fifty
you know i really got to
far don't spread my cheeks apart clear the room is about to start chocolate thunder mega
it's testing all its folks if yeah
what's the center burn hot spread it made just remember to shoot my legs right on my ass
yeah i got to relieve me and pump this high i can't get
i'm ready to blow i'm about to unload right now
something's starting to be baby and i can't keep it out to myself yeah yeah you better not breathe
woo
good much more good for your health i really gotta
far don't spread my cheeks apart clear the room is about to start chocolate thunder mega
far no much about to go boom
let's get them out the room
hey hey hey hey get out the way get out the way more
oh no no no no no can't get it to go can't get it to go
who my finger now who my finger now who my finger now
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who am I finger now?
Who?
256 and 560, QAM.
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Jesus, Neil Christ.
You're back.
That's right.
Oh man.
It is so great to end.
It was worth the hold.
I got to say from one Julio to your great.
You're great to have back.
One thing about me, I'm going to give up on Edmoticity.
But I'm so God damn good that it scares the hell out of me.
And it scared me when I saw you on Channel 7 with men.
It is scary, yeah.
Mantechia, Mendelletta.
See?
It was great to see you again, puffing on a cigar and alive.
Always got something around in my purse.
Alive.
I'm sad to hear that you're walking around in pain on your vacation.
But man, don't let them have you back.
Don't buy any magnetic bracelets and he wouldn't nickels.
Just stay away from your proctologist.
You know what's another scam?
Now that you mentioned magnets, that court.
You know that they were pushing that courts around, that metal, that bracelet that you wore with court.
Oh yeah.
Well thank God that the old Cuban women don't fall for that scam.
My grandmother had, you know, she's religious on all that stuff and she had one and she threw it away six months later.
It didn't work.
All right.
Let's hear it for grandma.
She's the best.
And you are too.
So Neil, I'm glad to have you back.
And Neil Crystal.
All right.
How do you like that boy?
The Julio's are out of control.
The Neil Roger's show.
Now on Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
Miami for Flutterdale.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Oh God man.
I've been trying to talk to you for a long time.
Well here we go.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Let's make it real long.
I'm calling on behalf of Mr. Radius.
He's my brother.
He's in Colorado.
He looked with his boyfriend, is that it?
No, his wife and three kids.
His wife, three kids and his boyfriend.
He's not okay at all, you know.
Yeah.
You made him wear...
He was for Carbell.
He brought you a cake and you guys brought it.
Boy, yeah, absolutely.
I know all about it.
I know all about it.
I'm telling you show today because he begged me on his knees to...
He'll record it.
But he was on his knees when he begged you.
Yeah, he did.
I hope you said no.
I hope you said no man.
You know, the things that he's going around these days.
Yeah, I tried to stay away from him even though.
Yeah.
Man, I'm glad to have you back.
I'm glad you back.
You're not the wife and kids but you kind of wonder.
One big surprise if he calls you from Colorado.
He's skiing over there.
Uh-huh, he's skiing over there.
I don't doubt that.
Okay, amigo.
Hey, listen, Neil.
I just want to say something about the dolphin.
There's nothing wrong with Marino.
We just need a good distance.
I mean, a good oce.
Yeah.
Get rid of Gary Stevens.
Right.
Now you're talking.
Now you're talking my language, pal.
Get downstruck back in here.
He's the man.
All right.
Downstruck.
I hope Jimmy's listening to his show.
Well, he's the man.
Okay.
That's what you need.
Jimmy is listening right now.
Hey, Neil.
Many, many shows.
I wish you, man.
Hasta luego.
Oh, that was Suarez.
Okay.
He can't keep it together.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 6, 7.
And like I said, only Xavier Suarez could make Joe Carrroyo look good in retrospect.
The only man on the face of the earth who could make us appreciate the dearly departed Joe Carrroyo.
Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
This is Nettie and Ron.
You're a senior citizen fan of Del Rey Beach.
All right.
We're so happy you're back.
The best of everything, too, you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Have a happy.
Bye-bye.
I do like that.
All the old parts are out there listening.
Of course, they won't write it down, but there's nothing we can do about that.
Plus those 80 plus demos.
Don't mean too much anyway.
But we appreciate it very much.
You have no idea.
I threw a L.
What's your name?
Ellie, a Brecher's tongue in a waist basket.
So if anybody wonders why she ain't speaking too much,
she actually brought me a little public sack with a tongue in it.
There's nothing wrong with little tongue, but I sure don't want it from Ellie.
I'll guarantee you that right now.
Here's Chris the cop.
Boy, all the cops are out there.
How you doing, Chris?
Cut Neil.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
From all of your friendly highway pigs, a horny welcome back.
Well, I bet you the porkers have really been Jones in for seven months, huh?
We got nothing to do with Dr. Carr Coffee.
Need our donuts.
Now we got no back.
But the public is pissed because now you got back in those seven months,
you had a lot more time to write those tickets.
He better be careful.
It's the end of the month and you know what that means.
Right.
But the house fat rich doing stainless roll,
I ain't seen them.
We'll go to a reasonable one.
He just left with a stool.
One of our gold stains, 20 pound boxes of special case.
So I have a feeling if you feel the earth move, it won't be an earthquake.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll find out.
He has great time.
You back.
The midday guys.
I got two words.
They suck.
Welcome back.
Thanks, Pat.
See you, Chris.
I wonder what he meant by that.
He's 60 and pound five, 60.
Bokeh brands walking around.
He hasn't got a steep press yet, but he's working on it.
Okay.
I got to play the, you told me, but I don't know what's, what is it called?
Harry's lament.
Harry's penis.
Your channel collective.
What does that mean?
That's the one that I have in my country.
I'm Harry Valentine.
Your new program director for WIOD.
And I'm here to tell you that with the new packed in management in place,
we feel we no longer need a talent such as Neil Rogers.
But we do have some very exciting changes in store for you here at WIOD
that we believe will emulate the enormous success of our Orlando stations.
And John.
John.
Yeah.
You can stop rubbing my legs now.
Okay.
Yes.
You did a fine job down there.
Oh, there's no doubt about it in my mind.
In fact, you know what I think I'll do?
What?
Oh, I think I'll make you the creative services director.
How's that sound?
Wow.
Great.
Hey, how about those old jingles?
Pretty funny stuff, huh?
Yes.
Yes.
Very funny.
You know what, John?
Yeah.
In a couple of hours, you'll have a year's worth of production done.
Yeah.
Oh, well, looks like I'm going to hit the garage for another smoke.
Nice call, man.
They don't make them anymore like that.
Harry's penis.
I'll tell you that.
I wonder where the hell he wound up.
I wonder what AA meeting he's at this week, huh?
Boy, oh boy.
Do they know how to pick him at Paxton at the John M?
And Walter Sabo and Harry Valentine all cut out of the same cookie cutter.
Wow.
Another winner.
What is that?
I think the second and third decks are tying away before our ears.
Okay.
Thank you, Beasley folks.
George Beasley.
The only guy could send you like a $4 cart machine for $600 bucks.
Dead.
Dead isn't a door-neil.
No, be young.
Well, I didn't take it personally, Roby.
Well, I guess it won't make any difference now.
Why are we sure following a bucket of crap there?
Didn't we?
All right, Roby.
Bring them back.
They're going to put him on the stupid talk network, by the way.
Most of their hosts are dead anyway.
Here's the show, Shurar.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back, Neil.
Thank you.
It's been hell without you.
You're right.
Oh, man.
Sure was hell for me, man.
Having had good time for seven months.
Taking a nice big fat paycheck every week.
Oh, yeah.
That's super talk.
Looking like getting a big fat one every week.
That's an oxy moron.
Yep.
Well, just a call.
Welcome back, Neil.
Great show.
Thank you.
Okay, Shuritan Sweet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, like kind of like Ray Whitney.
Shuritan Sweet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 4, I can't wait for that game tonight, man.
That San Jose game, Mudder Grudge Max.
The Panthers are going to kick their ass or else.
Tonight's the night.
No more excuses, man.
And that Fitsy, who rhymes with something else that starts with an S in an H.
Fitsy, bad attitude.
Looks like he's on a way out.
None too soon.
Here's a mobile in Aventura.
Hello.
Neil, I've been on home for seven months.
So good to hear you.
How about that Latrine Spiewell, by the way?
We forgot to talk about that.
What a guy.
Yeah.
I just want to welcome you back.
I can do digs up here.
I'm going to have one of the ones who tried that on Greg Reed
if he ever shows up in town again.
Yes, sir.
And you got a nice place there.
A nice board.
Fine.
All great stuff.
You're right.
Except for the old Beasley discards.
Everything else is great.
There you go.
Well, welcome back.
It's good to hear you, voice.
Neil and Whitney.
God.
Thank you.
Excellent company to be in.
By the way, Ray Whitney is engaged.
I was asking Rima about that last night.
Is Ray Whitney married yet?
And he said he's engaged in any minute.
But it's not too late.
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Miami Springs.
Going once.
Going twice.
I know they're on there.
But we got a little bit of difficulty on the phone thing.
We got one line not working.
They can't hear us.
I can't hear them.
But hey, it's only a radio show.
Who cares?
Let's take the money.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Betty.
And welcome you back.
Hi, Betty.
I'm on behalf of Roger who's sitting on the beach listening to you.
He couldn't wait for you to get back to you.
Hey, Roger.
How are you doing, Roger?
How are you doing, maybe?
He's nice.
Hello to you all the time at the Panther Games.
And go Panthers.
Now, wait a minute.
Roger is not...
This is not...
Oh, God.
He's not the one that's Brian Scroodlin's former neighbor.
No.
Oh, thank God.
By the way, that guy is listening.
Brian Scroodlin's former neighbor.
I get the same message.
You don't have to come and say hi to me before the game tonight.
And tell me the same thing about your wife is sitting over there,
or wait for your wife.
And she's scared of me.
Nice seeing you.
Go away.
You know what he said to you.
He came up to you when I said, uh, Neil, there's X amount of days until you're back on the year.
Right.
He was one of the first ones that said it to you.
Excellent.
Thank you.
At least you got a boyfriend who can count.
That's a good thing.
That's a plus.
Okay, sweetheart.
Thanks.
Thank you so much.
There she goes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
Okay, I forgot to give our facts number out.
Thank God, because that saved us a lot of money on that paper.
But our facts number, we do have our own facts line, which is a major,
major accomplishment here.
Thank God the beesleys don't know about that yet.
It's, uh, oh, you know what else I have forgotten about Bill?
We're on in Fort Myers now, right?
On the, um, on that margin, we think so.
We're on a station over there that is so marginal that even if we were on the year,
even the beesleys people don't know if we're on the year.
That's how my, it might be that old WWCN member George,
770 that we're on for about five minutes.
That was a boy-guarri idea back in the good old days.
I think we got three calls from over there from the people on to the age of a hundred,
who weren't, uh, who weren't parking their account.
But at any rate, we might be on WWCN or some station in Fort Myers,
which I don't think they can call us on these lines, but wouldn't that be an exciting,
a momentous thing.
But our facts number is 305-Urea code 650-198.
305-650-198.
So if you want to set us a facts and, uh, yeah, I got one from Brian Andrews.
She's floating around over there at Channel 7 and says,
hey, Neil, great to hear you back on here.
Wish you all the best.
You're a friend in theplex, Brian Andrews.
Nice going. Nice hearing from you, Brian. Good guy.
Little strange, but aren't we all? Okay, that's why we're in broadcasting.
Here's, uh, Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing? How you doing, buddy?
Great.
Just got to have you back, man. Get, uh, got tired of listening to Zeta.
I don't blame you.
Yeah. One more thing. I need to hear a bound move, man.
Otherwise, something else might happen, man. Still a capability.
Uh-huh.
I might just, I might just do it, you know?
I just want to make it through.
You know what I'm right now.
Got no more chairs.
Okay. Thanks a million, pal. See ya.
Okay, 567-05. So let me ask you, Neil, are you really still, uh, yeah?
Okay, let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Oh, my goodness. I've been jonesing for you for seven months now.
Here you go. Go to Shoei.
I'm the best things in life I've worth waiting for.
I'm just having a great time.
Like, great Whitney.
I kicked my, uh, little portable radio into the doctors off side.
I take my son to the doctor and he always hates that because I sit there and snicker and chuckle
and nobody knows that I'm laughing at. Uh-huh.
It's great. Get him all a radio.
Your doctor's not a proctologist, is he?
No, this is a back specialist, my kid has a ruptured disc. He plays hockey.
Really? Yes, he does.
Great. Get those kids out there.
Hey, listen, last, uh, you keep, by the time he, you know, every time he gets transported to the hospital
across from Pine's Isher in, and they know him by name.
They're going to put a new wing on that hospital. It's got two blocks from the Isher in.
In fact, we might have to sign them up all depending on how things go.
If we don't win a home game pretty soon, the Panthers may have to sign them up.
He's ready. I can have them suited up in an hour.
Okay.
I got a number nine. I already got his uniform number nine.
What is your seat number at the arena?
I am in section 106 in roll R in the seat seven.
I have gone and, you know, we sat there and everybody else is looking at the game.
I'm looking in the stands trying to find you.
Well, there I am.
I'm so glad you're there.
And I'll be there tonight. I'll be there bright and early.
Oh, have a great game.
Thank you. We'll see you tonight.
Bye-bye. Bye.
Yeah, I'll be there into these potfans.
Breathe in a big sigh. We leave having ripped him and ask too much today yet.
And of course, some of the other people, I mean, you know, I don't have a personal problem with Denise.
There are other people who do, but, you know, I can't, I can't find other people's battles for them on this show.
There are other people that want to develop a small pair.
Be my guest. Go ahead. Have a great life. Do your thing.
But don't expect me to start coming on a year and talking about Denise, potfan,
and talking about the fact that he contributes nothing to the broadcast.
He has nothing to say. It's a dumb frog.
Far be it for me to say those things because Denise is my buddy to my face.
And never the twain shall meet.
What do you want from a frog anyway?
It's 109. 109 already? God, it seems like we only been here for what? 15, 20 hours.
You know, I'll tell you, these first shows or anniversary shows, any of these like special events,
which thank God don't happen in this time much.
But these things are draining, especially after seven months of a life of luxury.
Get up in the morning whenever you feel like it until your dog wants to start peeing on the floor.
Then you know it's time to get up. But I mean, this is the way to go.
This is a preview of retirement.
The only thing is lurking in the back of your mind at all times knowing that you have to come back to work at a certain time.
There's a little something missing there.
But once you got a few bucks stashed away, these people would say, wow, I don't know about this retirement.
I'd be bored to death.
Get a life, get a clue man.
They'd be bored to death like Dick Clark and that other Dick Ed McMahon are running around ringing people's goddamn doorbells.
What is the story with them already? Get a life.
The two of them have got enough money to buy Ed enough booze to last a year, 2500.
And Dick Clark to get a facelift.
By the way, looking pretty old. Thank God we like you Dick.
But thank God he's starting to age rapidly.
He's making up for about those 30 years when he looked the same when Steve Cain's surgery was working good on his push.
Give him a Steve's number, will you?
10 after one on 560 QAN.
Are you feeling lucky? Hollywood Seminole Gaming opened in 1979.
He's the first high-stakes Indian bingo in the country over a billion dollars that's with a B given away since then.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming 48 poker tables offering Texas hold them.
Seven cards stood in Omaha, high low.
Two big weekly tournaments on Sundays at 10 a.m. and Mondays at 6.30 p.m.
Daily mini tournaments were estimated top prizes from 500 to 1200 bucks, various buy-ins, rebies and door prizes.
Four daily bingo sessions at 11.45 in the morning, 3.75 and 10.45 in the p.m.
Also lightning bingo for the truly adventurous, a three-number bingo that takes no prisoners.
And coming Saturday, February 7th, the $100 bingo game over 100,000 bucks in cash and prizes.
Place spin to win bingo game. Guaranteed winners get free bingo 80% of the jackpot or a 5-day trip for two to Las Vegas.
It's Hollywood Seminole Gaming 41-50 North-Stay Road 7 just minutes west of I-95 on Sterling Road.
Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Call 954961-3220.
That's 954961-3220.
Are you feeling lucky?
This is 560 QAM.
Get back my bags, Las Vegas.
Elton John has them enables to get out of the studio.
He's back there again with his.
They're dropping like flies album.
A tribute to John Denver.
You'll hear that classic.
I'm dying in a prop plane.
Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road.
Hello, this is Elton John, an LBE studio to record other tribute records.
That's right, look for a good buy FDR.
And a candle in the Kremlin.
A tribute to Joseph Stalin.
Elton John's tribute album.
They're dropping like flies on sale now.
Okay, good time to give lots of credit to the FBI, the Miami Beach Police, for a great job on E. Kunanan and business over there with Gianni Versace Man.
Great job, really alerted the community.
They knew he was in town for like weeks and weeks before the murder.
And well, they were handing out flyers in the bag bar so they said bull crap, baby.
They dropped the ball.
How come this guy was one of the 10 most wanted on the FBI list?
Why was his picture not on the front page of the Harold, the Diario De las, whatever that fact Spanish paper is?
And the Sun Sentinel.
Nobody knew he was here except the FBI and the police.
And then of course, you notice like three or four days ago they did this thing where they changed the way they on the pawn shops.
And they had to change the way they do that and they actually have a computer.
They must, the Miami Beach police must be run by the Beasley people because they just don't believe money in spending money for equipment.
Okay, no, we don't want to have no computers in here.
It takes us a few weeks and then of course maybe the guy got out of time.
He gives them his, signs his real name.
Here's El Pasaporto.
Here's the whole thing.
This is who I am.
Come take me away.
Ah, we haven't got around to it yet because we haven't the Texas days to get to that pile of crap over there.
Besides, he was only killing fags.
That's true.
That's a good point.
He was only killing fags except that Kylie, Miglin and Chicago.
He was no fag.
We don't think.
And they carried the guy, the undertaker there in the Jersey.
He was no fag.
We don't think.
So I mean, you know, we don't think but you never know.
You know what those undertakers do out there.
Those dark cemeteries lay at night.
You know what I'm saying?
Exactly.
So watch out for them.
Look at what Quasimodo did.
Anyway, it's 115 and we'll let's better not look at what Quasimodo did.
Welcome back, Neil, from Juliet, Chronic Juliet.
Missed you, can't call him on the swish board at work.
Thank you, Juliet.
That's for you.
Facts is ought to be pouring in, aren't they pouring in?
Pouring?
They are.
They're dribbling.
They're kind of like me.
They're dribbling in 305, 650, 0198.
I should have given that up the beginning of the show.
We could have wasted a lot of paper and spent lots and lots of their money,
which I'm going to be doing.
Here's one from Barbara Cabrera.
Oh, Barbara Cabrera.
You know, Barbara, from La Prensa, the yummy.
A real Juliet.
Wishing you the best and your newest endeavor at QA.
Thank God you are back.
Theos Mio, she says, have missed you in Jorge Laquiel.
Love you, Boca.
Thank you, Barbara.
We love you, sweetheart.
God, do we love her.
Here they come.
Here come the facts and screw the callers.
Here's...
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is from Barbara La Prensa.
She's got the horoscopes.
Let's see.
What does it do for...
Oh, Scorpio's not on the list, so I guess I don't count.
Thanks a lot, Barbara.
Like I said, I take it back.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I sell magnets and the problem with the heel.
They gave you the wrong magnets.
Now, I have a set here.
It's in support of the story.
It's reusable.
And it's reusable after bowel movements.
Can I take your order?
It's reusable, what?
After it's in suppository form.
You use it...
It's reusable after bowel movements.
I'd like to take your order.
Okay, how many...
I'll give you my proctologist's address.
You send him right over.
56670560.
Here's Scorpio.
It says, the worst of the lot, you are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted.
You shall achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics.
You are a perfect son of a bitch.
Oh, I see this is all a comedy thing from Barbara.
I thought this was like a real horrendous like a terminal.
It is kind of terminal, Barbara, but we love you anyway.
Here's...
How come no one is flashing on here?
Oh, I see.
It's a lady in Key West.
Hello.
Lady in Key West.
Hi there.
How you be doing?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Neil.
How's that?
Everyone's keeping you so happy.
It's so heavy back.
Even with a bag like me at work, sir.
Oh, easy.
All that holiday food, you know.
Yeah.
I just can't help it.
That was a better way to pardon me.
I have a question for you.
Yes?
I heard this nasty rumor that all that money that Elton John made.
Did not go where we were supposed to.
Absolutely correct.
Right.
I mean, I thought the kids had enough money.
Well, that's a wrong cut.
Sorry about that, Elton.
Boy, did I blow that?
That's what Elton said.
Yeah, well, you...
Oh, well, I really need to go now.
Okay, sweetheart.
Yeah, I really need to go now because I have thought.
Don't step on Elton.
Good-bye, you little rose.
May you ever grow in our hearts.
You were the greatest that lived to settle.
Well, lives were torn apart.
You call that a penis?
You call out to our country.
Roar and you whisper to those in pain.
Now you belong to heaven.
Oh, my God.
And the stars fill out your name.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it seems to me that you live your life like a candle when...
Okay.
Never fade with the sunset when the rain's sitting.
Are you sure?
And your footsteps will always fall here.
And the long England green is here.
You've turned.
You candles burned out long before.
You're legend of real.
By the way, do you know what her last words were going on?
Her poem with Yanaki.
Okay, it's 118.
Yeah, that was all a bunch of baloney.
There were no last words that was all made up.
They had...
I guess it was Cyril Wecht.
You know, the guy that told us he could talk shows
who was in the Kennedy thing.
From Dallas, where it held his from.
But at any rate, he said that as soon as the heart separates
from the chest cavity, you'll be dead.
There are no final words.
There's no emoting and no instructions.
He was dead.
Once they had the wreck in her heart was...
But we don't want to spoil it for you because after all,
very princess, very tacos, it all works out together.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's great to have talk radio back on here.
Thank God for a guy that's alive and not sitting here trying to force feed stupid ass topics.
He's a little worried about you when Tunand was on the list about maybe he would be on his list.
Who?
Tunand.
Tunand.
Now, he was...
I'm a small potato.
He's after the big guys.
Oh, well, it's good that he didn't hit you.
And great to have you back on the air.
It was too old for me anyway.
After he left the expenditure was nothing but news, news,
I mean, William Roberts.
I mean, he was a little worried about you when Tunand was on the list about maybe he would be on his list.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
You're a little worried about him.
I wanted to know if I could sue Joe Rose for calling me a Mexican idiot.
I wasn't going to do it, but he stuck his...
He stuck his...
He stuck his...
His...
Of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
of my dogs...
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let's see if seven months of being off the air...
if you affected your recognizing voices at all.
You know who this is?
Who this is?
Yeah, it wouldn't be the same show.
It's one of your chronic squal'd end, right?
Yeah, I recognize the voice, but I...
This is Stubby, the Kirby man.
The real stubby?
The real life stubby.
Oh my God!
The real life stubby.
How the hell you're blind?
Wow.
Man, it's so good to have you back.
Talk about ponderous radio, man.
Well, it's a show I've been off the air for seven months...
and I'm in such a good mood.
I don't even mind hearing from you, Stubby.
I'm going, yeah.
I'm surprised you haven't hung up on me yet.
My fingers not even near it and the butt here.
How do you like that?
It's so great to hear you, man.
It's so good to have the new year coming in...
with Uncle Neil on the radio again.
So I think we can all agree on one thing...
that Mark Valverde...
I mean, everybody's kinky, everybody's got their thing.
And I...
no, not all those guys dress up in panties, even the faggot.
But if you just would not have come on the air...
and lied so much...
and you know, Mark, get a new wig...
and get out of our face already.
Everybody now hates Mark Valverde like poison.
And that kid of is that Kenny Albert...
with the moon... with the moon head.
He's got one eye in his forehead...
and the other one where his left ear is supposed to be.
I mean, get that kid off of there.
Maybe him and OJ can get together.
This guy's in the Chris Moore School of Broadcasting...
couldn't call a game if you stuck an oozzy...
deep inside his...
I mean, forget it.
Marvin OJ will get back together...
and I'll be sure to hire him back.
There you go.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Get a 90-share easy.
All right, Uncle Neil.
I don't care.
I just wanted to see if he'd hang up on me...
and I'll see you at the hockey game, buddy.
I'm almost...
I'm almost ready to say it's great hearing from you...
but I don't want to be a liar in the first day.
Right away. When that piece of crap...
Ken Moore knocks out on you...
give me an up call.
Where you...
Get a real vacuum.
Ken Moore.
Yeah, you...
I remember you said you bought a new Ken Moore...
for your cleaning lady before you went off the air on IOT.
Yeah, but you want to see what she's doing with it.
See you, Tommy.
Okay, see you.
And out of here...
Stop trying to pedal crap.
They come on here.
It's not bad enough that the chronic's are in.
I don't mind that.
They're peddling crap.
They got magnets.
They got the vacuums.
Who knows what they're doing with those...
Rackum.
Vacuum hoses.
God only knows.
And even he's afraid to look.
But once in a while does take a peek.
I understand.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Hello, Nio.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to say...
now you're back in the radio.
Why don't you use it as a public forum...
to discuss issues like gun control and abortion.
Right. That's what we're going to be doing.
You found out about it.
You found out about it.
That's what we're going to be doing starting tomorrow.
It's important because there's so much community involvement...
that needs to be reached here throughout the whole county.
Right. We're going to change the whole world here on the radio.
Right.
Okay. Starts tomorrow, pal.
940, 1290, 1417, 25, 195, come three.
I mean, let's get serious, okay?
Crap that went out with knickers, with high-button shoes,
with guys wearing striped tops at the beach.
Okay?
That's how old this stuff is that they're doing on this stupid talk network.
The queer channel people destroying two butchering,
two once great radio stations,
with a single wipe of their hand.
On, even Mr. Whipple never wiped like their wipe in it.
Here is a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Steve, do you know what the peanut oil implant doctor's number is?
Neil? Yes, sir.
It's okay. Have a deep back on the day. I call.
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
Oh, I got a lot of problems, but not, not your back, Neil.
You know, at least I got a lot of problems.
I'm telling you, you've been, you've been sorely missed.
I tell you, I called SUDS yesterday.
I said SUDS, I hope you guys have good lawyers at that station.
We all normally drove up the road in the coma in the morning program,
and he started cracking up.
Yeah, and I just, I feel so sorry for that guy.
I feel sorry for SUDS. I even feel sorry for Rick.
I mean, I know it's hard for me to say that,
because most of the people that work with Rick hated him like poison.
I wasn't what him, George hated him badly, deeply, seriously.
I never worked with him. I never really wasn't.
I haven't been to a feeling about Rick.
No, Rick never seemed like a bad guy.
He's not a bad guy. He's just a redneck.
You know, if he would admit to being a redneck from Orange County,
it would be fine. We'd have no problem, but he's in denial.
We don't know how he's definitely going to kill one of those kids
before too many more years rule by with his, you know,
with all those dirt bikes and all that other redneck crap.
But he means well.
Well, you know, I, I did hold, you know, a buddy for Buchanan against him,
slightly, but you know, everywhere that's had a coolest day or two,
you know, whatever I guess, you know, wasn't, we had a bad guy
when you looked, you know, a little closer, right?
By the way, ease up at MLK. So we stole one.
It's the only piece of material that Rick had in like seven years
and we stole it. Okay. They're pissed off.
Hey, maybe you can make it over there.
Also, here is good for you and I like Chinese.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Maybe you can have a afternoon trifecta with Rick Suds and Hank.
We love Suds. Yeah.
Hank and Suds. Maybe Suds can just put a cab over there.
Got a good ring to it. Hank and Suds.
I got to talk to you later. Somebody's coming up to my car.
Okay. Watch out. Roll the window up.
Open line at 5.6705.675.6705.6705.670.
Hank and Suds. Got kind of a nice sound to it, huh?
Poor Rick. Rick takes things.
That's a prop. He takes things to heart.
He takes them so seriously.
It's just business. Rick, it's most definitely personal.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
I come to hell. Welcome back.
Thank you.
Did you hit the nail on the head with Linda Energy and Dr. Hool?
You must have been laughing, laughing, laughing, laughing.
No, it was a physician.
A physician.
Remember that?
Dr. Hool. Yeah.
Dr. Hool? Yeah.
And then this prop was so weak.
She's sending us clippings of how fan-fan was killing people
and about all the stuff that was going on with the lawsuits
and it was like a big joke to her.
You must be physics. You start before it happens.
Yeah.
Well, I couldn't wait for you to come back to get on your case.
In fact, I think that's what the hero meant when they said no moss.
I think it was the fan-fan article and they put in the horror he moss canosa article
by mistake. That's what they were talking about.
That's a typo.
What are you guys?
Yeah, let me, I want you to think about this.
It was the week before Christmas, okay?
Yeah.
Now, let's say you're an advertiser and you put a big multi-thousand dollar ad in
Traffic Magazine to peddle your crab for Christmas, right?
Sure.
And the hero cancels the Goddamn magazine because they're so afraid that no moss
is going to offend a few old Cubans playing dominoes in Domino Park who don't buy
your stuff anyway who knows bigot English.
You've got to be foaming at them off.
I see a lot of lawsuits to the hero.
Another revolution in Miami.
I can see a lot of people canceling that herald immediately.
Welcome back, Uncle Leo.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
See ya.
We don't want to start another campaign with people canceling the herald, do we?
We do.
Okay, 127 on 560 QAM.
Are you as confused as I am with all these cellular digital PCS offers out there?
You got to be a techno nerd to finger it out.
Well, mobile one wireless network makes it simple.
Even us idiots can figure it out whether you own an analog phone or one of those
underwater sounding digital phones.
Mobile one's new America's plan works for both.
Offering the lowest monthly rate of only $14.95 a month including free unlimited.
Let me say it again, unlimited mobile one long distance calling all throughout the USA.
It costs only $25 to $0.35 a minute in your local area, whether you're calling Miami or New
Jork and it's good for digital or analog cellular phones.
Plus for a limited time when you switch to mobile one you'll get a free beeper with six months of service
included as well.
So call mobile one right now at 1-800-FONEM-1.
They are incredible.
That's 1-800-FONEM-1 and sign up with their new America's plan for only $14.95 a month including
unlimited mobile long distance calling.
You can't beat him with a stick.
The mobile one differences those mighty mighty lower rates.
Call him today 1-800-FONEM-1.
This is 560 QAM.
Well, have one.
Well, have a WQAM.com.
Just go on air and you'll find a bunch of crap.
And also we are on the audio net.
We're on the audio net how you get there.
We're not too sure about the audio net.com.
Audio net.com.
There you go.
Piece of cake.
Okay, WWW.
That's in Detroit.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Welcome back.
Feels like only 20-30 hours ago we started this show, right?
Yeah.
It's been a workout, making up for seven months in one day.
Listen, Adam, question.
I'm a little surprised.
Is the bird's contract still under negotiation or what?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No, we brought him back, but he's sitting outside eating the food.
What we did this morning, yeah, we didn't put him on here.
We're just letting him eat the food.
Anyway, look, you sound great.
Welcome back and I'll be tuning in.
Okay.
Later.
See ya.
Thanks.
567-0560.
Actually, this has gone by pretty fast.
We had a lot of pen and he asked people hanging around here earlier today.
Most of them have moved out and it's a piece of cake now.
But man, early in the show, frantic.
Frantic.
Socotic.
That's John Dutzman.
Man, John Dutzbag needs therapy.
He needs to be locked in a...
Remember in clockwork orange when they locked him in the room and they had the Beethoven
blasting?
That's what they need to do with John Dutzbag from Channel 4.
Lock him in a room with Neil Rogers tapes.
Just blaring and blasting if there's any chance to cure him of his Neil hysteria.
Man is obsessed.
He's got Neil Rogers disease.
It is terminal.
Here's kind of like the shows on the stupid talk network terminal.
Here's Voka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, it's great to have you back.
I cannot believe the quality of this call.
Why?
Are you looking at a real phone?
Yeah.
You're the first guy I've been able to hear all day.
I'm going to show for three and a half hours fake my way through.
I can't hear a goddamn thing.
And you sound like you're right next door and you're in Voka.
Well, I'm the first caller then.
There you go.
Right in your diarrhea.
Yeah.
I just can't believe...
I wanted to talk to you back when Diana died and I couldn't get it.
You weren't there.
I guess I agree with you.
I mean, what was the big deal?
What is the big simmiss with her?
I mean, did anybody give a flying crap about her before she died?
Well, a lot of people...
I mean, the British, we understand because they're so desperate for anybody
who might have the slightest touch of humanity, which I guess she did.
We can understand that.
But all around the rest of the world, who can...
And no matter where I was, Amsterdam, Rome, Berlin,
no matter where I was, you turn on the TV and every local channel.
They're hacking a China-kin Dutch and in German and Italian about a beep,
but a beep, but a beep, but a dianna this, dianna the NHK,
the Japanese channel, all those little gooks.
She had a beep that birds landed on, but it...
Right.
But I don't have a hunker like very man-a-low man.
I should play that damn thing.
If you're a billionaire, I'm glad you're giving away some money.
You should give away money to people who are building it.
And not only that, but all of this charity stuff, it was all arranged them in the whole royal family.
Not saying she didn't do some good things, but nevertheless it was all prearranged,
it was all PR stuff.
And in the meantime, she was spending money like it was coming out of a faucet.
Right.
And everybody telling me about it, all don't you feel sorry for the kids?
Wait a minute, they're building it.
Oh, you're there.
Oh, you're there.
Everybody's kids out there should have a rough future like they're going to have, man.
Right.
I think he's 15 years old.
They're already saying, Daddy's got big ears.
We hate his guts.
He ought to run off with what's your name, that bitch, and make him the king.
Right.
I mean...
I'm not too sure.
I think maybe they're going to make him the queen.
I'm not too sure about him.
He's a little too pretty to be the king.
How many kids lose their mother?
How many kids lose their mother and they're not...
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, what happened?
I mean, they...
Oh, I'm terrible.
And then, of course, the same thing with this broad in New England, with the babysitter,
the old pair, same thing, the media people decided.
I mean, there are kids getting killed every goddamn day, and the media doesn't care for five minutes.
And this story for whatever reason, they decided this was the big deal,
and then we're going to, of course, then the guy with a big note, very direct, had to get involved,
and then he had to stick his nose.
And then we got Johnny Cochrane sticking his nose in Latrine's free well out there in a West Coast.
I mean, it's just unbelievable.
The media has created all these assholes, and we can't get rid of them.
The OJ thing is what, done it.
Yeah.
The OJ thing is what really started this.
It started the whole court TV thing.
All these guys have got jobs.
The guy that's on MSNBC.
John, what is his name?
Right.
The guy with a glasses from the West Coast.
He's on there like constantly, with the carrot color here.
John Gibson.
Yeah, okay.
He's on there.
He's...
Because he was on the OJ thing.
These two fakers, the, on 1230 on CNN, they're sitting there doing their point counterpoint.
The two lawyers, Elfride van Nordre.
What are their names?
Eva Brown.
And the other guy, Roger Koss...
Roger Belia.
Roger Kossacker.
Whatever the hell his name is.
They got all of a sudden they're stars because they were on with the OJ thing.
Right.
And everybody's got to have a career because of OJ.
God.
He's giving us a break already.
That's right.
Okay.
Okay, Bob.
Okay.
But, this two show pass.
Okay.
All the pass.
You can't decode.
You can't decode.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
You can't decode.
You can't decode.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How old.
Wow.
Oh, nice smell.
And now because of the yuccan  ah ah.
And now because of the yuccan.
because of the yuccan,
You kill the cold, you kill the cold, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
Hey, hey, you want to get them Oh, you want to get them Holy Zeiten? I can't even imagine them. Oh That's a level explanation but they can't be paid in karaoke or karaoke or karaoke? Fix your accounts. I'll just go address them. Okay? What's working on housing? OK, okay, hey, hey, hey, hey, heck, you want to pay them? Oh You want them, use Lavas like distributors like your company and subordin forcing credit to pay up your money out of? You want them to pay up your money? Oh That's a good one to pay up, isn't it? HUANG mechanism. Okay
you want them to pay up Stanley's CCB from a career that R&P partner will have to pay up from feed to cash SMPs so their health premium gives them
right now. Paid forward my talent by the way. Thank you very much. Wasn't in a
contract by the way. The Panthers tried to bite the sharks tonight at Miami
Arena. Please pick on the wrong guy. Right hand right hand. Oh, Steve Least is
going to the cleaners. Eddie Jovenovsky said Steve Least to the cleaners. On
sports radio 560 QAN. Someone showed them the way to San Jose. Panther
crewed by the FDA. Orestra helps you stay there. Orestra may destroy your
kidneys. Orestra has a strange taste. Orestra. It's so good in greasy snack. Orestra
causes abdominal cramps. Orestra causes loose stool syndrome. Orestra causes anal
leakage. Introducing a new snack with Orestra. Diarrito.
C C. Diarritos. Very good. You can hardly taste the Orestra. I got to go to the
John. Diarritos with real Orestra. You can't just eat one without the
runs. Okay, we're not going to be hearing all these belching and farting
things on his show. Are we sure hope not? Anyway, it's a 144 on 560 QAN.
Hang coming up at two from two to six. And then we got the Panthers tonight.
We got like a real team back. I'm telling you they're going to kick ass. They
got to get rid of Kirk Muller. Get rid of that Garpert Law. Send him back to
where the hell he came from and butch up Carcdor and Murphy and we might have a
team this year. Here's a fax about Larry King. Okay, old news. We don't care.
After what seems like forever, it's great to hear your voice again. Atlanta
radio wasn't big enough. Fought a jail-rated party. David Paul Sherbert. David
Paul is back in Atlanta. How do you like that? A man that couldn't be on on KPX
for two minutes just to give the time in the tent. And he's on here in Atlanta
probably on a cox stage. Oh, sorry. Game was shown on. There's a hockey thing.
Nobody cares about that one. Did you see Yagarin Barnes? Each had three assists
last night. Yes, I did for the Penguins. Is they wonder game five? Do I want to
see that? But we got Ray Whitten who was better than Stu Barnes. Trust me.
Welcome back. Can't get the AM in my office. I'm big, big trouble for taking a
three hour lunch so I can hear your show in the car, et cetera. And so on. This is
from Dennis in Boca. All right, Dennis. Nice going and just take the day off.
Okay, here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, what's your problem with
baggage? You're Christ killing you boy. All right. Now we're talking. Okay. Now we're
talking. Forget the fact stuff. Let's get that kite stuff in there. Now we're
an happy Hanukut. By the way, here's a here's a payphone and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Glad to have you back. Thank you so much. Listen, this town was so boring without you.
I moved up to Orlando. Is there any chance of getting you up there on that station?
No, no, no, give me a break. We already tried Tampa. Those those those
nose pickers up there. They wouldn't know a radio show if you stuck it in their ass.
But let me tell you that after the signal, a hundred thousand watt gets gets up to Jackson
though all the way south to Palm Beach. You would be great on that stage. Oh, yeah. I'd be
big in Jacksonville and the land and the Ford Myers. All the all the clansmen at it. Who
now needs that? All the yeah. I need to be on the air where there's a bunch of Jews and
Fags like New York and Frisco and LA and Chicago and Detroit and Rome. You know,
Hey, Neil, I did my homework while you were gone. I watched the Godfather. Yeah.
And network. Man, that's two movies ever made. There you go. All right.
I'll show you right now. Great to have you back. Get that book. Royals by Kitty Kelly.
The Royal. You will you'll need to change underwear every five minutes. I'll do it.
Okay, pal. See you. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the 5 6 7 0 5 6 0. Here is Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Going on. I just want to give a shout out to all the dolphin fans.
Love Gary Stevens. Let me tell you, we would have said Stevens back to where he came from to the
hurricane. You know, maybe they would have scored a touchdown or two back to the Huracans for Gary
Stevens. That's what I say. And the seven months you've been off the air. I got a sad story. I
I gained about 22 pounds. Yeah. And the main reason was because I lost the address. The
I can specially store schloimi. That's one if you can give me the address of schloimi. Okay,
just head east on he. Hellendale Beach Boulevard till the water gets up to the steering wheel and
call us back when you get there. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the and that's that was one of the great moments to
show you how stupid these old farts are in his town. Schloimi's which doesn't exist. They were
going for the Atkins cheesecake and I gave them an address that was like seven miles off the
Atlantic coast into the middle of the ocean and they were going there and thank God for me because
they probably wound up there and never came back. Oh, man. I'll tell you if they if they could have
an IQ test for an entire community, this place would be in a minus column. Hey, hey guys,
don't you think this would be a good trade? Brett Hedicke for the bea's are. Yeah. Right. Whatever
you say, man. How about Tim Horton for the bea's are now we're talking. Butch up that defense. At
least he had a good haircut. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. And make your first child.
You're manly child. Okay, Rimmer. Thank you, Rimmer. Excellent call. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the 5 6 7. See how I
have these people program? I can't imagine how some of these people survived during the seven months
because their entire lives are based around crap that they hear on his show. The Godfather and the
network and this and that and but I beep and every once in a while, a little one of those, you know,
I mean, their entire lives are so thank God for me coming back. You welcome. Here's two bad Greg
Reed's out of town and can be here to enjoy all the excitement. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hey, I'm glad you're back because I was listening to Boog and Chris Moore for the past
couple months. Bad move and talk about I mean, Boog, okay? Who's a good guy? I tell you right now,
Chris Moore is the he thinks he's funnier and he's not funny. Yeah. And his imitation. I ask you,
what time is Chris Moore on? But here's a minute. I didn't turn on the radio more than six times. All
summer and all during the fall. I can assure you he's show was not one of those six times. Oh, okay.
Well, I'm just but I do hear the rumors that you know, the guy's a little bent out of shape and
while Neil's not speaking, I never liked the guy to begin with. He's a no-town. He could broadcast
a hockey game of his life, depended on it. And every time he comes slump it up those stairs at the
arena because I get there early. I'm sitting in my seat and he you know, do this phony to my face.
I don't like people who put on an act to your face and pretend to be your friend and then go on
the air and rip you. I mean, if I got something to say to you, I'll say it to your face. I never
took one step out of the way to say hello to Chris Moore and I don't wish him any ill and I wasn't
out to try to destroy his career such as it is whatever it is. But this guy is in La La Land.
He fancies and stuff and like a major talent, which he is not. He's not funny. He should put all his
concentration into learning how to call a hockey game. Exactly. He would just once describe 30
seconds of the game. It would be no seriously. They would put it in a hockey hall of fame. Don Cherry
would stand there proudly and say for 30 seconds, this man actually called a hockey game. Yep. And you
boog at least has something to say and Chris Moore would kind of bring boog down to his level
unfortunately. Yeah. And boog would get sucked into trying to see what I was going to say. He's
been more eyes. Exactly. Yeah. All right, my brother. Have a great day. Yeah, it was funny because
the one before one of the games, and this was all I don't know about a month ago, or a boogster who
I've only seen from a distance. Hi, how you doing? You got orange here. But other than that, he came
up and started a conversation with me and defending Chris Moore and Bapapah. And I'm saying to him,
I don't really in the course of the this is practices going on. The loud music in the arena,
and I'm getting a horse. I'm screaming trying to have a conversation while all this is going on.
Like I have to get into a debate with the boogs. Shambi about what are Chris Moore as a broadcaster
like this kid knows a hockey broadcaster. Okay. Give me a freaking break. Now, where the hell is the
very important thing that I was just going to oh, I know what it is. I know what it is because I
want to get everybody in the mood for tonight again because it is San Jose, the team from which
our guy came and I have the wrong damn discant thing. How do you like that, George? I'm so disorganized,
it's terrifying. I'll find it. Okay, let's go to a lady in Pemberg Pines. Hello.
I've got the picture. You've got to leave me.
I'm going to leave you a lady. I'm about to say my baby. I can do all these things. I want to do.
I just want to see you. I'm going to be the same thing. I'll give you that.
I'm a rapture. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh. I'm going to laugh.
That's why I'm a consultant. That's why I'm a consultant. That's why I'm a consultant.
All right. Thank you profusely so much. That was...
Leave it to the audience, man. Leave it to this audience to have the material.
We may not have it, but they got it. Excellent.
Nice job, Walter, by the way. Clean House.
And you noticed the first person in that lineup who vanished off the year,
the moment a queer channel bought it, was...
Exactly. Karen Gay, the one at Walter's alleged girlfriend, which we don't believe for a minute anyway.
Nice try, Walter. Nobody was buying it.
It's 152 on 560 QAM. God, this has been a draining. I feel like, man, I can't even begin to
put words to it. Here's a great place. Republic Security Bank and Family Bank have come together.
You know what that's like? Your community bank has grown, but they still understand the importance
of personal attention. I love them. They love me. Greater resources now let them offer you and
expanded array of financial products, services and locations. More choices and greater accessibility.
That's what Republic Security Bank can provide for their customers.
Technology helps them enhance and expand the services, but rest assured,
and Republic Security Bank, the advantages of high-tech banking, are always temperate with the
human touch. After all, it's their goal to ensure that all their customers feel like part of the
family. Republic Security Bank has 32 branches all over day, Broward Palm Beach counties.
Republic Security Bank is one of Florida's biggest independent banks and proud to be locally
owned and operated, called toll free 800 409 7556 for the location nearest by you. That's 1 800 409 7556.
Republic Security Bank FDIC ensured and Matt at the Asagras branch is still God.
This is 560 QAM. The NFL playoffs are on QAM. Catch all the NFL post-season action and Super Bowl 32
on the home of your Miami Dolphins Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Welcome to the Clear Channel Collective. You have been assimilated,
resistances few tile, and will result in your termination. We know what's best for radio,
and you will be required through a system via simulation of all relevant radio stations.
Irrelevant radio stations will become all news and left to die. Since talent is expensive,
they will be transported to what we believe are relevant radio stations with smaller wattages
and scattered in a network of confusion. And by the time they are rendered helpless,
the collective will have already disposed of them for profit. Now, grab that Ryan van and repeat after us.
We know what we're doing. We know what we're doing. We know what we're doing.
All right, 157th on Good Leapin, by the way, on 560 QAM Hank. Hello. How you doing? Does this work?
It's are we on? Can you hear me? Do you know that they were going to have a billboard campaign
since you moved up to two and were on like back to back? They were going to have a billboard
with you and me standing back to back and they couldn't find billboards, bringing up for the two of us?
They they run a billboard for anybody. Yeah, exactly. I've been here now for, I think about five years,
have not had one promo outside the radio station. Not a club, not a plaque, not a street sign with my name on it.
Not a sandwich board, nothing. Sandwich board, that would be appropriate.
Seriously, you guys are going to thank me in a long run because if you could see, well, I don't want
you to see you'll be in tears, but I mean, this is a pretty good joint over here. I'm just sitting
here squatting flies. That toilet, that festering sewer that you're working in over there, you will be
out of there. Hell of a lot of fun. In fact, you never would have been out of there. They tried to
con me into building a studio in a broom closet over there. I said, I've been out of the closet for 20
years through that. We were going to be out of here two years ago, April. Yeah, how's it coming
over there? We fooled everybody. Things here are coming along. Thank God for George Corso. This man
is the best engineer single-handedly. He did the work of five for the pay of like about one half.
And if it weren't for him, we'd never would have got this thing on. Yeah. How was your first day?
Pretty good. Pretty paneless. Yeah, everything worked. What's everything worked? We got the
painting, yes. Media people out of here. John Duschbag, this guy's out of control. And the things
they're actually work over here. It'll stop working soon. Oh, yeah. Well, I have one question for
you. What can you see the cart deck over here? You'll know that those are words of wisdom. You're right.
What? I have one question for you. How many vacation days did you get?
298 plus Jewish holidays. I know. I know. I know.
Jewish holidays for my army days. You always have no load. You get people are saying, well,
you demanded this. Look, if somebody promises you that they're going to do a bunch of things,
you say, hey, no problem. I'll take it. I'll take the money. I'll take the studio. And then you
hold their feet to the fire, which of course, in this case, we never had to do because the guy is
always out of town. How do you like this great act of courage on a part of our general manager?
Greg Reed, everybody else is in the studio. The boss, he left town. He high-tailed it. Yeah, he's,
he has some things he's supposed to give me this week. He's not around. There you go.
Typical. Couldn't be a coincidence. Could it? No. No. So, so how do you like moving up two to six?
I don't know yet. I haven't tried it. But I, it doesn't. I don't, I think it'll be okay. I missed that,
I missed a crossover with Kermardi. Yeah. There you go. Now you okay.
Yeah. That was funny. I always like it when you used to say to him, hey, stupid. And he said yes.
That was my favorite part of the show. I think that's history. Okay, Hank. We'll, we'll be with you.
This two to six will work. You know, I think since I have a, I have a lead in.
Since you have a lead in and we have no, how does it feel now to have no competition, not weak
competition, no competition. Thank you, queer channel for doing what nobody else could ever do.
Well, actually, that started a few months ago. And not, I'm not blowing smoke at you, but
when you went off the air, that, that was the end of that station. And nobody enjoyed it more
than I did. Stick it at the Paxen and now our good friend, David Ross. Yeah. And by the way,
and I don't feel sorry for Rick Riley either. But I do feel sorry for SUDs. And I want you to either,
be up front. Not if you don't feel sorry for that guy. Not at least. Not at all. See you, Hank.
Hey, Neil, welcome. Thank you. So that just spells all those aromers. But I can,
can I, we'll take a 30 seconds issue. We have no format on the station. I just got to play this
again in honor of tonight's big game with San Jose, the Panthers 730 in the arena. Don Cherry says,
Ray, wait, let's just throw him in 13 goals. The best point now in the world. Given away from Edmonton,
used to be a stick point. He's that high. The best point guy I saw him last night. Unbelievable.
13 goals. He's been, nobody's talking about him. All spare that the two Barnes has gone that Ray
would come in. Now you're unbelievable. Okay, just a little guy worth a mass. I still like a
Duggy Gilmore on the points. Been pretty super too. So Duggy's been good. Duggy, I love you. But you
Ray is better right now. 13 goals. Yeah. The Neil Roger show now on sports radio 560 WQAM, Miami
Fort Lauderdale. At three o'clock, I'm Cory's two o'clock. I'm Cory saving with the
I want to talk to Neil for a minute if he's still there. Like you know, like he says, there's no
floor mat here. I thought to them. I got to tell him one story. Are you still there? Sure.
I can't get out of here that fast. I go to the fight that I went to. I think it was the Whitaker,
the Whitaker Delahue fight. And I'm walking through ringside and there's Larry sitting there with his
current wife then his fiancee. By the way, he's not a bad looking woman. And he stops me. Not
hello. How are you? Not so much like that. All he says to me is, so his Neil Roger's really getting
a million dollars from you Ray. I station. First thing out of his mouth. I hadn't seen him in a
couple of years. Don't be 50 dollars. You can do that now. And you should have said to him,
well, when you paying all those people back, do you remember no seriously about two years ago?
That two years, exactly. I know most of them two years ago that his PR people put a big thing
like in the tabloids. All Larry's getting a pangs of guilty conscience. He's making millions and
millions. He's going to go back and make amends and pay back everybody that he owed all that money.
Hold your breath, baby. They're not a Chinaman's chance in hell. Never pay any. And you know over at
Gulfstream, I don't know if you know about the Larry King Memorial drawer they've got with all the
bounds checks. You ask the people over there ask a papi harness in those guys. He's still around.
And our harness is not there anymore. You don't come to the flood to the Thurbridge anymore.
They'll come out there. Another Gulfster is Durkin coming down. Oh yeah. I'll be there.
Yeah. Durkin starts Saturday. Now that I'm making the big bucks, I'll come there and make my
contribution. Got a freedom. He's stoneless in the me. Anyway, it's good to have you here. Okay?
Well, I will talk. I'll see. We're going to kick. We're going to kick some ass. It'll be good to do that.
Okay. The O'Rodgers daily, 10 o'clock. Here on. Don't be 50 dollars. How can we call the sports radio
560 now? It's sports and Neil. But I'm sure our creative people are together now. You have
something you want to do here? I was going to do the update, but wow. Add to a clock. I'm going to
do it. Cory. I appreciate it. The earliest update I've ever seen. Cory saving with the QAM sports
update. Panthers at the ice night with the sharks. They're home at the arena. The first of a few
at home, first of three, as a matter of fact, and John Van B's brook says they've been playing well,
lately. In Gritty efforts, you know, you get goals and it's funny. We've been paying a lot of
attention to our own end and we got five goals last night, six goals. Night Gran, and we got a
couple of fortune to break. But we did. We had to do Victor cause off. I'll go against this
former team while Dave Lowry and Tom with San Jose face off at seven on sports radio 560 QAM.
The heat on the court in Cleveland, and they're in Charlotte before coming back on Saturday against
the spurs. Tip off at seven thirty tonight. The Alamo Bowl number 17 Purdue. Great and three.
They meet number 24 Oklahoma State. They can three kick off at eight. Penn State Junior running
back Curtis. He says he'll leave Penn State early. Make himself available for the NFL draft.
Tomorrow the hurricane's on the court at seat and all tonight. The Pittsburgh Syracuse
game post phone. Cusses snow. Stand top of your game every 20 minutes only on
sports radio 560 QAM.
It's time. Yeah. Yeah baby.
Detox sports with Hank Goldberg. You have some rich ears.
Has an order to find wine. Women,
mortgain, and men want to be on sports radio 560.
Why must I be surrounded by wicked idiots?
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
