I would suggest flying in coach because nobody important is going to want to fly in coach so you won't get bumped anyway
Bumped by the Dan Bee Gees. There they were there was Barry and there was Marisa and there was the agent and there was other whole on to Roger
Miss Fitz there they were
If I would have had if we had tragedy if I still had Bee Gees music first of all I threw it out the window
We could open a window if we had Bee Gees music in here. I would play tragedy because that's what they are
I mean here's a bunch of guys like the Bee Gees who supposedly made all this big money
Wouldn't you think they could afford a little bit better than a miracle worst airlines to go to which it wasn't for another week by the way
It wasn't that weekend. It was the following weekend that they were coming to do their big stick in Vegas. They were gonna stick it
So they stuck us instead
1124 at 5.60 Q.A.M. dry concepts man is a sponsor I've had for a long long time a sponsor that I use
Because they've been in town since 79 they do a phenomenal job. They don't rip you off
They don't have any kind of gimmicks no scams. They come to your home and whatever you want clean your crop
It's your draper your upholstery your furniture whatever it is
They do a phenomenal job like you wouldn't believe and they give you a written-guaranteed price right up front
No, these you know so much 5.95 per room scams rain this other crap like you see with some of these other
Joints that wind up doing a crappy job and then gouge you when the job is all done
So if you want to keep your cup. It's clean which of course for sanitary purposes
Plus if you're not a slot, you know kind of makes your house look beautiful as well
And also keeps your cup. It's clean a lot longer and makes them last a lot longer too
You save all the way around do yourself a favor forget about just let them on the heavy equipment from the supermarket forget about the
Fakers and the shysters out there these are people you can always depend on in this town or just out that many of those folks around anymore
Call them today dry concepts in day call 950
3636 get your carpets clean after the holidays to probably a mess get them clean right now and they'd call 950
3636 in Broward 581 4739
581 4739 and in Palm Beach
930 4739 they'd be the best in the world the best in the business dry concepts the Neil Roger show now
exclusively on sports radio 560 QAM
Already for this
The new QAM line up all right even get your score cards off tell us the first team morning
Sixty ten Neil Rogers midday tend to tank Goldberg afternoons now from two to two
The new Chris and Boogie night sixty ten and then it's game night with Ed Kaplan from ten till the last game is
Have a great 98 from sports radio by sixty QAM
Neil Rogers
Hi
You had to
in X
you rode
For a way to
든�
Mike
It's like your career, a fellow heart and a crab.
Spend some with your lucky.
As you want to fly like Rocky Mountain,
I've been a plane with Lizzy Weak.
What happens is for us to take the country road and save.
And some kind with our new shelter, when you're all dirty,
Your sense to spill down, long before the country born was in.
So great, but goodbye John Devo.
Thank God I'm not a country bull who writes all about and good.
I've been a fly a plane.
All your songs were lame, but you made money.
Yes, we tried to act like a down-owned country,
It's to appeal to those with no praise.
As you want to fly like Rocky Mountain,
I've been a plane with Lizzy Weak.
What happens is for us to take the country road and save.
And some kind with our new shelter, when you're all dirty,
Your sense to spill down, long before the country born was in.
That's another one we lost while I was off to your John Denver.
Thank God, 1129 on 560 QA in the near Roger.
Sure, I'll forget Hank, the Humphrey, he'll be along 2 to 6 an hour earlier.
2 to 6.
And all those people, all you know, those guys hate each other wrong.
Wrong. No problems.
You when you're a pole, you operate like a pole.
I don't hate Rick Wally.
I mean, this crap that some of you people started with yesterday,
Rick and I worked together for years.
I wish them luck and God without outfit they'll need it.
And then I did hear a little bit of the aftermath,
which evidently after they had several of those calls from O'Jahm,
provocateur, I'm Graham, starting the stuff and such,
and saying, well, I didn't know he's not here washing our car.
Yeah, right.
I'm out there washing your cars.
Okay, Mr. Shoma, here is. I'll show you mine. Start licking.
Right.
Anyway, here's the facts about the pizza lot.
He's got enough publicity already.
But he's with Jimmy Johnson.
Shoma, you're Johnson.
He's got his finger nails all brushed up for the holidays.
Great. Here's a bunch of stuff from Davey Gravy line.
So where is it? Yeah, it's not in there.
Anyway, no matter what I want to play, it's not in there.
Anyway, just be glad we got to them.
Yeah, so what is it, Davey Gravy line?
Welcome back. We missed you. Happy New Year.
Send us over a bunch of luck orifice supplies.
And if anybody knows about orifice supplies,
it's Davey Gravy line. Thanks, Dave.
As we continue, there's Tony Yup, Yup, Yup.
In the other room, he just continues walking around with a big smile on his face,
like he knows what's going on.
Is there anybody here today?
Few people.
They'll be bailing out around noon.
New Year's, oh, I shouldn't be planting new year stuff.
Shouldn't I? Yeah, I'd rather play the good stuff though.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
When is this?
Bon journal.
Okay.
Well, it's these phones. It's just set up.
Well, it'll start working in a few months.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Just start, uh, since you're at the game, you didn't get to hear a rimmer last night.
You'd like to know why they weren't playing Whitney toward the end of the game.
And why was that?
The teams that Brian Murray wants to get a chance to have cons love make a goal.
So every time you turn around, Victor cons love it on the ice.
Wait, wait, wait.
See, I was saying this.
I was saying this to all the people in my role.
We have to keep seeing cons love and Chris Wells.
And you know why?
Because Brian, this, you know, how I'm trying to prove a point.
I want to jump out the window.
If we were on a higher floor, I would jump out the damn window.
It proves what I've been saying.
This guy is a hard ass, a hard head.
And he is going to prove to us what a genius he is.
So all this money he wasted on Victor's cons love, I'm almost a million a year.
And all the money he's spending on Chris Wells, whatever it is, he's going to keep playing these guys
and playing these guys to prove to us what a genius.
Even if we have to give up a point, how about if we missed a playoffs by one point this year?
Okay, let's look back at the game last night and keep in mind that he decided to put this big Russian out there
who does nothing instead of our best player.
Because Brian Murray does not like small guys.
He's a size queen.
He's in the big guys.
He does not like small players.
Remember the shield kept saying too much of the wrong thing.
Look how much time cons love got.
Murray really went through the score.
I was screaming.
I was screaming at him up there.
In fact during one of their commercial breaks, I was a hot band and he took his headset off.
And I was screaming at him.
I said we played half the period.
He's sitting with me on the bench.
At least and he knows what's going on up there.
You know what he's wearing 14 just like points did.
There you go.
Same story, neurotic repetition man.
The subject one I know about Brian Murray is the anti-Christ.
You got it.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
You have Victor Kuzla.
Go back to Siberia.
Victor will pack you a parogue or whatever the hell are you doing over there.
What do they eat?
I know they eat in Russia.
A lot of it.
Okay.
We have open line 56670560.
56670560.
If you have 18th-Ewellers or mobile one.
It's pounded 560.
You pick it up and pounded.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Welcome back.
I have a comment about the panthers.
Who?
The panthers.
I remember them.
Yeah.
Well listen.
Next year if they do these bonehead trades with Visa or they don't give Whitney enough money
when they go to the New Arena, let's talk as a sawgrass mills mall.
At 10,000 cars a night, I'm $10,000.
That's $100,000.
What do you think last year?
30,000?
Yeah.
And we can send a message to the team to manage.
And it's a Tory and Murray and say, hey, we have fans don't like what you're doing.
And we'll just do that when they do bonehead trades.
Stay over there, walk a mile, go to the game and they'll get the message.
I'll park at the Shell Station.
I'm serious.
I can frankly, we walk from my house to, I mean, it's a little bit rough.
It may get some mile, two miles.
I look at it two minutes from the New Arena.
Yeah, but you know what?
Do you think that's a great idea?
We go into the...
No.
Okay.
We have an open line, 567-056-6756-7056.
Oh, yeah.
That's a great idea.
And by the way, let's also trade the Beesoo for Red Henrikin.
Right.
Okay.
See, a lot of these guys on the year, this is...
Why are there so many ass suckers on the year?
This is what bothers me.
It's one thing to be a...
Sucker.
But to be an ass sucker, I mean, that to me is extraordinarily disturbing.
Oh, these guys that get on no matter what these people do.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to do this.
And no matter what the caller say, no matter how in name it is.
Oh, yeah.
A great idea.
Forget it, pal.
Ain't going to happen.
But while lazy, we want to park up close and personal and to leave us alone.
Here is Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Happy New Year.
Thank you.
Likewise.
Now, listen, the Panthers, they have what?
Fourteen wins, like 20 losses.
I was just wondering.
They have to do...
Everybody keep in track of how many wins or how many losses we'd have.
If Whitney wasn't on that team.
If Ray Whitney had not joined this team, if Ryan Moran, I give him credit,
if he hadn't got out there inside Ray Whitney, this time would be right down there with the Lightning,
a vying for last place in the conference.
I mean, he's got to be responsible.
I would think for five, six wins or a equivalent of six, seven times.
At least.
At least, right?
So where the hell would they be without him?
No worries.
So why the heck is he setting them down?
And when we need it, we can need a win.
So they have to ask the brain trust, okay?
He's trying to showcase all these other guys to show us what a genius he is.
No, I was showing out on two left, right?
But in doing...
They didn't do me any, didn't do you much good.
Now, I didn't out of my system.
I'm not holding you then anymore.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
If we go to that arena tomorrow, which I'll be there,
and Kirk Muller is out there on EIs, I am going to go ballistic.
If he puts Kirk Muller in line up tomorrow, I personally am going to go out there
and tie him up in bandages and send it back to Kingston, Ontario.
He's got to settle it.
I'm going to...
He's got to settle it.
He's got to put Kirk Muller out there with Cosloff and...
Chris Brown.
And what?
Yeah, and he's got the ball at the same time.
Nice.
It sounds good to me.
Sounds like a real wiener to me.
Yeah, how'd it go?
Right there, amigo.
Yeah, take care.
1136 and 560 QAM.
You know, so is the dump thing still going or you just don't want to tell me?
Joe.
Huh?
Oh, Joe, you're going to ask Joe.
By the way, I mentioned yesterday what a great job Joe did for us.
How about us putting all this stuff in the ECS?
What a good guy he is?
No, I don't think he mentioned it.
His name is Castello and he's Italian, but not related to Frank Castello.
The mobster we don't think.
We hope not.
But not.
It hasn't dumped in 45 minutes.
Well, it's about time to let one loose, I would think.
Most of the people down here haven't dumped in 45 weeks, so what are you worried about?
That's good.
Okay, maybe it just needs a little time to, you know, get greased up and loomed up and ready to go.
What am I going to do about my side view mirrors, by the way?
You know, it's bad enough that we have, oh, you brought his daughter.
See that, that's a cover up.
That's a cover up.
It's healed people who brought his daughter so that they don't say anything bad about Don Cox, the degenerate.
I mean, that wonderful guy up there, Power 96, who brought us a very nice, you know, he brought us an elephant.
Is that a elephant's depository yesterday?
Disguised us as cigar?
Your daddy smokes elephants' depository and pretends that they're cigars, which is great because they're delicious no matter which end you insert.
Okay, here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Veedio.
Yes, sir.
You were absolutely right.
Things have gotten right back to where they were a certain month ago.
Except now, you've got a, you know, an interstation kind of a thing going like they used to do.
Well, like they used to do.
What do you mean?
Well, with this thing with comments by Rick and Sir Jeff today.
But it ain't going to happen.
It ain't going to happen.
I'm not going to, I have no problem with Rick and Sir Jeff.
I wish them the best.
I mean, Rick knows that it's Stick and that he's a certain part of Rick Wally.
You like to pick on.
He knows all about that.
I like those guys.
I don't have a problem with them.
I'm not going to get into some kind of a, can leave that to Mr. Ego.
I don't, that whole outfit.
And I'm not talking personally about Rick and Sir Jeff, but this, this queer channel thing with this, with this crap talk network,
whatever the hell it is, the stupid talk network, it doesn't, I don't have time to waste talking about them.
I don't respond to things that nobody is listening to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Correct, sir.
It's what it's like.
It's like the light bulb.
They tried forever and ever and ever.
Oh, they're talking about Neil to do it with that.
I don't care what they say.
It's like Christina Moore on this station, who thinks that I, number one, listen to him, which I don't.
And number two, care what he says about me.
I couldn't care less.
I don't have time for spot potatoes.
No, I make, I, I like to make a suggestion.
Why don't you and Hank put together a trip to Las Vegas?
That's a good idea.
That's a great idea.
Well, I'll find out.
Let's just hope it's not on America Worst.
Yep.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
See, there's a caller.
Had a good idea.
Hank loves Vegas.
I love Vegas.
Anybody in their right mind loves Vegas.
What does not it like?
Let's just hope that NBG's don't screw up the deal.
We'll call up our good friend Bob Lincoln.
That's a good idea.
All right.
You must be dropping acid again.
21 till noon on 560 QAM attention audio Toyota buyers out there don't make a big, big mistake.
Like a $5,000 mistake.
Only Kendall Toyota America's low price powerhouse beats every advertised price in America.
Not just in this, not in Miami, Dave County.
Not just in South Florida.
Not in this guy forsaken the penal shaped state, but in the entire country.
Or Kendall Toyota will give you $5,000 in cash if they don't beat that advertised price.
You can't beat that.
Over 1,000 new Toyota's and used cars in stock.
At Kendall Toyota on these 39 month leases, you're going to save a lot of cash.
New 98 QOLAs with Aaron Automatic 149 a month.
98 Camries with Aaron Automatic 169 a month.
98 4 runners just 239 a month.
And Georgia's got one is a little more than that because it's loaded with all kinds of stuff and he's very happy with it.
What is it?
That's what it says here.
I'd run down here immediately.
Kendall Toyota will beat every advertised price in America on the same equipped in stock Toyota.
Or they'll pay you $5,000 cash.
And this may be our last spot ever for them because that price sounds very picky to me.
Kendall Toyota on US 1 just out of the day land.
This is 560 QAM.
Hello Ivan.
This is Jerry Rolig.
My new year resident, Ray Zelvayev.
Ray Zelvayev.
Ray Zelvayev.
This is a town of French nice people that I'm not exingous.
I'm not ready with the giving awards and the kindness nutty people.
On the good ship of this guy it's a slave ship and it's very tough when you roll all day.
It's the issue of the back with change.
It's a wooden ship and it's also not like an arse fits for a bad egg.
Life is very hard on the good ship of this star.
11.43.56 QAM.
Look at this.
Somebody fast this this from the web page.
I guess from Phil Henry show on KFI in Los Angeles.
The first annual suck off tonight.
It says over the past eight months Phil Henry has sold an on air competition called
Who sucks on KFI to determine.
Ha ha ha.
This is great.
Are you sure positive?
To determine which host really sucks the most tonight from 9 to 11 they'll have the
year end first annual Who sucks on KFI kickoff.
This time we'll be allowed to vote for their finalist Wayne Resnick Tommy Bruce Rodry,
John and Ken or wait to hear this doctor Laura.
I think Dr. Laura wins glands down don't you she sucks big time nice going Phil.
Let's take a cool a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
No Rogers.
That's me.
You've been off the air for seven months and I it's like a soap opera you show you you you you you're
off for seven months you turn on it's the same stick.
Yeah.
What is that?
What do you mean what is it?
I mean it's great.
I love it.
But I mean because look if they took guiding light off the air for seven months and they put it back on.
What's your name would still be walking around trying to find out where she's going and the guy
would still haven't shaved and Vanessa would still be having the baby.
That's exactly right.
That's what it's all about.
That's why I got you on.
Thank you sir.
That's right he's absolutely correct.
Like I said.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
So we do have two open lines which strains me strains my imagination.
The only thing I'm a little disappointed considering everything things are going very well.
But a lot of our lot of my friends not yours like Paul Harvey Jr. for example whom you hate like poison.
A lot of those people we haven't heard from.
The knots landing lady a lot of our geoclose personal friends out there we haven't heard from yet.
And I don't understand I mean if they just forsaken us maybe they are like inside a real building and they can't get you in.
We don't have look let's face it one a.m.
We got some signal problems.
We don't have the world's greatest signal.
But I'll tell you compare this this this other schlock network there where every station at this before sunrise and after sundown is fading out and you drive another 10 blocks.
Oh just keep turning your dial.
It's a good thing we got digital radios in the car.
Just keep cranking that thing up 10 kilo cycles or 20 kilo cycles and you'll be able to hear it.
You might miss a few words or a few sentences but just keep cranking it up.
Hello.
Oh my god you must be psychic.
Do you were anyway have you got something in your mouth or an apple let me make a little likely story.
Let me ask you a question I don't want you to mention to you.
George has got a sour look on his purse.
Why does he hate you so much?
Oh that's a stick.
No it's not.
He hates you like poison.
I told him that that thing here is which I'm looking feverishly I think it's lost forever that Chris with somebody.
Chris is Chris well as I said that make him a rimmer that was thrown out that was thrown out out that George hated that I love wasn't I didn't hate it it was just I think
Rimmer Rimmer slept Jordan out remember I was gonna say something a few bucks Rimmer wouldn't slip anybody a few bucks.
Let me probably give my hockey puck.
What was your first reaction when you heard McClean was like I was very surprised.
That it happened so soon I wasn't surprised it happened because I predicted it would happen but I was shocked that after only 23 games that they went
I saw such a panic and I will say it again I keep I keep hearing these rumors that it was motivated by Wayne because the time when he was
Can was the same time they had all the big newspaper ads about buying tickets for the new arena and Wayne saw all these people
leading early in the third period and the team sticking the joint out at home and not running any home games and people getting
Real disenchanted and he started panicking and there screaming a toy we got to sell all these tickets to fill in the arena you got to do something
Now that this is just a rumor that I heard yeah obviously not from our friend but I mean from outside I've also I've heard a couple rumors similar that
But add a little more yeah the profanities that were used during the game.
What about it well that wasn't very much like by Mrs. I think.
Oh no oh yeah you have to be joking oh no so we have to have a family oriented team now.
Now you you're I mean you know nothing about the game but if you turn a game on TV you know they have all the
mics that are down just over the ice and Rocky yeah and every time a penalty is called a player that's screaming what kind of an
app and call you I mean you hear every word that's ever been invented with little Canadian accent you were but I
mean it's all the same and they're worried about because Dougie has got a colorful mouth.
Mm-hmm I that's what I heard I'm restraining myself I've been hearing so much crap lately if I'm
believe with the inside stores I've been going to games so I'm used to crap let me tell you what another scene last night I'm
serious last night to call that performance and abortion would be a compliment and that's the damn truth.
Another explosion that took place while you were off the air when the brain stem was getting a
doctor into the hall of fame yeah and Danny boy wanted to go it would only been only meant missing one game
of practice yeah the boss would not allow him to go really the induction I told you the hate each other like poison
well they need to get that I got to look for something else to do yeah they need to get that crap straightened out
because I did not want to see him go out without a ring and all these idiots who are called on the
head haven't got a clue don't even get into it got a clue let's just give him a ring listen you're gonna
okay go sell some pasta and get out of here already when all the crap we love you Danny but see you
yeah one other thing yeah what other thing what all this crap is going on with
you know yeah yes it was sit down for my help buddy nevans yes the I really uh-huh why is that
they knew there was a bag inside yeah well they were trying to protect you look so that
fat Paul Harvey to do so that house could I do long long story I'll say one night at the game yeah but anyway I bet it was
long anybody who finds out he makes field cute and closing who who you ever seen that show I'm on the night I
think feel it looks like a frog no no no no no all these guys are going crazy for the
wailing lesbian music you know just when we need after Rosie O'Donnell is another bull bike on TV
yeah it was it was bad enough to try to salvage a dying show but Rosie O'Donnell I don't know
that she's a lesbian who not Rosie O'Donnell I mean feel who cares great show I mean at this point you
most heterosexual men are very much in the lesbians if they're attractive and if they're doing each
other but as far as Rosie O'Donnell and people who are grotesque I've not yet I don't want to bring up
hands name have a good good deck not what what have a good day oh can you believe that can you but
no one of the FBI was standing outside his house he blew it so like I say Kuneha and Bruce
brains out cuz he was turned on by Jack Campbell okay let's go to that is the ultimate slapping
of push man when you get turned on by Jack Campbell or me here's a Fort Lauderdale hello
Fort Lauderdale speak to us going once going twice what a pain in the eyes that is huh let's try
a D'arreal hello D'arreal going once going twice okay we got three open lines now all of a sudden
because this phone systems really really cranking it out five six seven how can I never hear this
in the morning or on hand show I never hear this where the colors aren't there do you I never hear it
but of course we're over here what here what huh well that's right you're not writing the void
during your show you're not doing it here either here's a Pembert Pine so Neil yes sir
God welcome back thank you oh it's such a blessing to have you on the radio I'm really so yeah
I just I haven't heard you say anything about ten cents since you've been back I was talking about it
yesterday we're talking about the magnets and the this new quack we as magnets magnetic
insoles for your feet and magnetic blankets and magnets for your back and magnets for your rectum
and magnets and then we talked about the fend pen thing and our good friend Linda energy did
you do back flips when they outlawed it or what of course I was thinking oh my goodness
that's pathetic all those people are hard-filed problems and all kinds of other pulmonary high
pretension I mean you name it a long list and once again the FDA proves they don't give a crap
about anybody all they are is in bed with the pharmaceutical companies to make
them a lot of money Neil for surgeon general right hey can I call someone a douchebag
video girl beard go ahead sir Chris Pena Donas a douchebag oh god thank you so much for saying goodbye
seems like the guy said before he was right about three calls ago to want to start about the soap
operand you go away for seven months and you come back absolutely do not miss a beat not a beat
because there they still are this Chris Pena Donas a douchebag and then that jackass with a video
place was trying to call in here yesterday any add the Italian ice man all of his other little
lemmings trying to call it's right where we picked off so once my next seven month vacation coming
up in fact seven months off the year sounds real attractive to me as in starting in a couple of days
would be good oh my god Phil Saltsman find him who thinks that Brian Cox is a misunderstood guy
I know he's a misunderstood guy but I didn't call through just Brian Cox I know I can't
to tell you I missed you so much and I'm so glad you're back on the air yeah yeah really you know
that that's true you're still long strong I will not hold it against you and depot forever that
you ripped Dave Johnson on the air that time I never ripped Dave Johnson how you didn't race callers
don't rip out the race callers I've heard it with my own four years Phil now that happened to be
depot saying whatever he was saying and I didn't say anything that he mails in the calls that's
what he that's what depot said he does we should all have Dave Johnson's talent and money not
necessarily in that order right and and whatever else the police is in there real yeah me too I go
for that yeah absolutely anyway listen I've got an ex-wife that's that that's selfish by the way
that says that she would marry you if you were straight really and I know she's listening because
she was in 24 hours a day how about you and El Paso I tell you the truth I wish I could be in
your place because you'd be missing something so Durkin is going to be doing gospel right yeah
Durkin does gospel stream I feel called the races for the national raceline at Gulf Stream and I
think you're not just sitting on your butt up there you're doing something instructing and making a
few bucks I'm making a few just enough to survive and place some gals and then when I go highly
open like a one vacation and then I'll be back for the call to opening May 20 something how you feeling
I'm good I'm good I've had a couple of bouts with gals that have killed me but other than that I've
been okay and I was thinking about you a few days ago this is a guy that was so sick what was
about two three years ago no it was more like seven years seven years ago time flies when you're sick
and they just they just butcher this poor guy up in a hospital and like put all his parts in
the wrong places and then open them up again and it's it's amazing that you're here yeah man I'm
very grateful that they eventually got it right well they can't keep a good you down I've always said that
absolutely right man and that's why you're always on top you're the best okay don't have to
suck around but I love you man good here and from you it's good here from you to and stay on the
end now forever with you just out of spite okay pal thank you yeah thank you all right all right
Phil Saltsman the voice of Caldera's chorus and etc I was almost said and down the stretch
they come but that was Bob Savage of course who isn't called races here in the morco the mario
very tall and rich woman up in Chicago and is a pretty good guy in spite of it all Bobby Savage and
down the stretch they come and it's cherry cat on the outside giving the rail good guy but boy
could he call a race that Bob Savage or what no here's Watson Island hello hello doctor Roger
hey New York yeah believe it back I can't be new here San Tria listen um a couple of things
between the fabulous mookal the worst team and Hank I don't know how I got to these past seven months
like I finally take my finger off that trigger waiting for you to come back thank you okay okay listen
also um I also want to thank the mall is because I'm gonna say something in your slot the only thing
that stayed that day for me was booed because Chris Voron as you said was awful the last day he was
on the air I don't know if you were listening no I mean he rick marino for four hours straight what's
on his Chris Voron I mean right no do me as a personal favorite of me do me a favor for next five
years if he's here that long I hope he's not I want you to rip him and ask so big you can drive both
your coordinates in and make it back out I wouldn't waste my time like I said I don't have time for
small potatoes have a great day pal have a great life and happy chanooka happy new year and happy
suckers and happy tishabob and happy grace your holidays etc five six seven oh five sixty five
six seven oh five six oh it's eleven fifty six and five sixty qa and don't forget Hank the
Humper the Thumper he'll be along it out earlier than usually is on two to six now which is where
he should have been all along anyway and uh like I said we want to be great when we have those
billboards when we have the big billboard campaign with me and Hank standing back and back
yeah big billboard campaign because that's what uh what's his name said Gregory oh yeah we're waiting
we're holding our our thing waiting for it Lorenzo's announces its new cafe menu featuring their
oak wood burning brick oven that's right the brick oven just like they do in Italy you go to
Rome you go to any good pizza rear and they have wood burning brick ovens and that's what they
cook the pizzas real fast like in two or three minutes the original classic pizza margarita of
naples Italy is waiting for you now at Lorenzo's where pizza was born and it does have an official
birthday by the way of June 11 1989 the oven what does that mean it hasn't it has an official
birthday of June 11 1989 do we know what that means do they mean like 1689 I don't know but anyway
they do go in there and ask David Lorenzo what the hell does that mean to savor and understand
the magic of real pizza margarita you must eat it immediately after it comes out of the 700
degree wood burning brick oven neo-pollot and pizza is the emis it's the real thing it's thin it's
crisper around the edges fragrant flavor for its light where they offer millionaire or Bianco
margarita with no mozzarella for only 499 the margarita is an individual size pizza about 12
inches enough for one of course nappily with tomato mozzarella and fresh basil 499
quattro for magio 4 cheese only 699 quattro stagione prosciutto and fresh greens only 699
a ruggler prosciutto or grilled vegetables all 699 also come in and check out the great new
menu at Lorenzo's their chefs will cook fresh to order in the store right in front of your
post or call them a 305 945 63 81 L thanks a menu to you to order from they are outstanding they
got all the real emis the real good Italian stuff at Lorenzo's market and restaurant 305 945 63 81 this is 560 Q
ma m
Start bombing Baghdad
Through it every day
I want to watch it on TV
I rat, I rat
We've not moved
It should take a day
Oh my gosh
Let us just put a nut to it
I rat, I rat
Okay
I want to wake up
And see their cities don't exist
But in thin air
And tell that Saddam Hussein
We're really pissed
You're on the my skin
That little piece of shit
Ain't yet no way
I'll get none of the make-ahits
From all through your eyes
The sun has got to go on that now
We all know it's time to bomb
I rat, I rat
I rat, I rat
I rat, I rat
I want to wake up
And see their cities don't belong to fits
I'll blow it away
And say that when number one
Oh for the heat
We can't be beyond
Again we have won
Start bombing our rat
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
What's wrong with us today?
Let's make the party lot of這
That old guy right
Right
When all the boys are there, I'll do a show
With that kickcare and say goodbye
I'm right
I'm right
I'm right
Hold on, I'm right
What is he going to croak over?
I love him
Okay, it's good
The city telly book was written in 1986, the unauthorized biography of this guy, which was great
But once he croaks, then the real good stuff will come out, speaking of Frank Kaiselman
Okay, let's go to a...
I'm starting to do that in sound like Rick Rally used to do, and he used to really buy used to rip him for doing it
I apologize not
Here's Daryl, hello
A Neil
Yes sir
Wow, I missed you man
So did everybody, even if the ones that don't admit it, even the ones that pretend they hate me, they had no life for seven months
Wow, I've been listening, crying to listen to the radio all this month and it's like it is crap
Yeah, crap
My radio got a good rest
Peace, thank god you're back
Listen, I was listening to you show yesterday, because I said let me call him today
Because I know you're going to have a million callers yesterday
Yeah
So today you're probably getting only about a thousand, so I'll probably get a half a million
You never was that right here on 2 a.m.
Listen, yesterday you were talking about Ambyship
Is that really true that she says that no one to interview you?
That you said that there would be fired?
Yeah, she's still saying that, she's in debt for a couple of months and she's still saying it
No, it wasn't that they weren't to interview me, it was that she didn't want them to listen to me
Oh god
She put a note up and again this is alleged but nevertheless I heard it from somebody who worked over there this several years ago
She put a note up on the bulletin board in the newsroom at 10 saying anybody caught listening to the Elijah show will be terminated immediately, no questions asked
And don't call her a bullbike and stuff like that
Of course that's simply a bitch-sandy, Peyton comes on the air
Oh yes, well Anne was such a good friend and she had such a great sense of humor
You mind to be a Margaret, we needed a fillback for that
I mean, oh just pathetic, simple ring, whip ring, pathetic
Listen, I was wondering
Peyton was doing a five watt make-believe show
That's a fucking bitch
Right, let me tell you something pretty clear in this station
Yeah, very clear
We never know what in here because we're getting used to the new surroundings and the board
But I guess it's okay
Yeah, no, it's all great
The reason it sounds better than the rest of the station is because the rest of the guys are working that red and festive toilet over there
And everything that you, if you ever listened to any of the ball games
The stuff that comes from outside like the Dauphin games and the ball of games
Sound real crisp and clear on the station but then when you go back and listen to the spots or the people talking at QAM
It's probably good
Because the stuff is like from before Marconi was born
Yeah
And as a result I would say it again I'm doing them a hell of a favor by forcing them, forcing
Screaming and yelling and making them build a studio and getting this place going over here
It's going to get those guys out of there, hell of a lot sooner
Yeah, listen one last thing
I was watching the interviews that they did with you in Channel 4 and the last one in Channel 7
Yeah
And you know I'm looking at you guys
You got these two new Corvette
And I remember you had one new one and the silver one and you had the old one
Which is like a light one
The silver 96 is the one I smashed up
Yeah and then I guess you got tired of the old Corvette
That I'm reading the paper yesterday of course the Harold
And I see yeah they crushed the car
Oh yeah
That must have been horrible
Very lucky I didn't I mean I had bumps and bruises on my forehead
But they went away in one day but I was lucky I didn't get killed
But that was like they must have been really scary trying to see if you can make it with your radiate or leaking and overheating
Because that's happened to me before it
And of course I don't want to say that Honey Hill Road or 199 for whatever it is is a bad neighborhood
Yeah
But I wanted to be getting out of that hood real fast and getting to 441 and be getting to a phone
And I wanted to thank again the people who put that into it and were very nice to me
The guy I don't know how the guy happened to have an ice pack over there in the refrigerator
Maybe he works in management I don't know
But he had an ice pack and I was sitting there holding it on my head
And calling Trump and all the Chevrolet and came in to tow the car in right away
And George stuck me over to the hospital which was totally unneeded
And Dr. Mark said don't worry you got a hard head and everything was fine
But you don't you don't carry around a cell phone or anything
I mean you got two cars I mean I have one
And if you're thinking about it you know you switch phones and you take the car you're using but I always remember to do that
Yeah because I carry it just for that
Gotta have it
Yeah
Alright welcome back Neil it's good to have you know I'm always listening
Thanks a lot
Alright bro see you
Happy New Year everybody
We'll be off tomorrow by the way we got a hockey game
We got the Panthers remember them
And then after the game you know Randy Moher comes to me before the game like this
I said how come you didn't rip me I said I'd never had anybody complain that I didn't rip them
He wants me to rip them
Or I'll rip you Randy because he's on her last night with Geldie
And they're belly I can oh gee all the clutching and grabbing and that's tough to play
These guys are first of all if it's so tough to play them how come the records things so bad
How come their team is horse crap
And number two clutching and grabbing was always the trademark of the Panthers
The first four years in league all the other teams especially when Fred Chusik and Derek Santis were doing a Bruins game
They used to practically be in tears when they played the Panthers
But all this clutching and grabbing and they won't call it penalties
So please stop making excuses
Stop sugar coating
We're going into a diabetic coma from all the sugar coating of the crappy play
Okay cut it out Randy you're a great guy I love Randy Moher good guy
But for a crap any worse for Wayne
Here she is what is taking you so long
Well it's hard to get through
Is it so hard?
Very hard
Yes it is
Great to have you back
Thank you
Sorry I steer your voice
I like thank you
I can even hear the call is a little bit today
Not too much they don't want to go overboard but much better than yesterday
Well that helps
We're getting there
Sure
See that actually there's a method in these people's madness every station have worked that
They like to screw things up when you're first start because then it gives you material
It gets you agitated and they enjoy that
And then you open it
And of course when you have a stroke and croak the next day
Maybe we've all went all the low
That's a little too much stress
Well next guy will take it easy Ron
Oh yeah
Nobody could replace you
Everybody should know that now
I guess this market found that out the last seven months how sweet huh?
That's right
That's right
All these experts out there with these slime bags that bring it off the street
Oh proof you're a talk host you're an entertainer right
All these 20 year old this jockies try to be talk host
That's right
I can't
So how are you doing?
Real good how are you doing?
Are you doing your accounting thing?
I'm doing my accounting thing
You come back saying?
Yeah checking over my new software
Really?
Yeah
How about your computer?
My computer too
That too
Yeah the hardware is great
Maybe I'll have you do my regular taxes this year
There you go
Because I do pay those people in Texas a lot of money to do my corporate taxes
But maybe I'll have to because I need something to do it
So I can cheat the government real good
There you go
Now that I have all my investment losses
That there you go
That's what you need
Nothing like that to start from
You know the day, remember the day the market went down 550 points
So I do
Luckily for me
Because you know when I was in town I had CNBC on a lot
Which is a bad mistake because it makes you very neurotic
Right
The market is off and down
And the little arrow was in your getting psychotic
Right
And by the time that that day came I had already conditioned myself
If it would have gone down 1200 points I was laughing
But well you know this is a silly game and it goes down
It'll come back up and then of course all this stuff with the gook starter
With the you know over there in South Korea and Japan
Did you buy yourself an island in Korea?
Huh?
Did you buy yourself a little town?
Yeah right
For $15
That's right
And it doesn't phase me anymore
It doesn't phase me and sure enough I bought a lot of GE stock
Because I have friends at Channel 6 or whatever the reason would be
And it went down to like 60th back to 70th almost 35th
A lot of people you know you just sit around and be patient and start listening to all these BS artists
That's right the only people I think that really lost out with the ones that sold the next day when it recovered
Right
That's right and of course the packs and people who stock isn't worth the pay of the shaman that it's their rignaut
That's right
Is that yours?
Yes it is
Oh thank god I thought we were starting to hear a fan from my nose again
No just my
Well it's great hearing your voice
How good hearing you too
Have you kept the weight off?
I've kept most of it off
Well it's great
I'm definitely
I just give Bill Tanner the adkins book by the way
I just bought the new one there was a little soft cover book in the store
Yeah
I don't know if it was that thing
I've seen that
But I thought I'd pick it up and give it a read and since you're going to start it again
I think I'll do it again too before I really need it
Yeah I'm getting on it too
Well you know I hate to say this because he's such a good guy and a very talented
broker-blind
Right
For us all this great material, funny, funny stuff and yesterday he comes in here
I thought I finally cheered him up a little bit and he brings it a box from Doris Market
Okay which I shopped at Doris Market
Right
Because it's close to me to want a plantation
Right
And then of course on the weekend I drive down to Lorenzo's
But anyway he brings me half a dozen canolies
Do you know how fattening canolies are?
And I love them
And of course they Italy they've got these unbelievable canoli in the all the bakeries
And he brings me half a dozen I want to be eating three
Wow
Is that disgusting?
Yeah
Somebody who ate one
And I have two sitting at house which I pray that John eats those two
But I want to be in three canolies because Brian doesn't get it
Brian I'm trying desperate I was having such a great day yesterday
I eat only the lunch meets out there I didn't eat any of the dresk
I had only one of those jalapeno pingapoppers
What was the name of those guys with the lunch meet?
The sub center right across the street
Oh I don't have a menu for that
They'll bring us a menu when you just rely
Like today was jalapeno peppers over with damn good
Oh yeah those things are great
Those were too bad if they have one
They're great taste to you
But anyway so he brings me the canolie and I scoot up
I'll get back on it
Yeah
And the diet too
And the diet
Well how do great taste sweetheart
Great talking
Take care of yourself and happy new year
Love you happy new year
Bye bye
They're not slanting lady how do you like that?
Oh and I forgot to ask oh damn it
Well I told her we'll talk to her again sometime this next year
Forgot to ask her if she realized that the young senator from not slanting
The guy which I hate this guy like with her
He's got a nose you could make a real bad but it's been broken
Like a hockey player to sky 85 times his nose has been broken
He's playing on a guiding light now
Ben Rowan
Ross Marrow's long lost illegitimate brother
Whatever it is
And one of those characters that you despise
That you hate
Wonder what's your name Michelle's gonna be able to see today
We'll find out
12 minutes after you're new
Not 560 QA and pizza lot wants to thank every but they want to thank me mainly
But they want to thank you folks for all of a sudden come in last night
Like the world was coming to an end like it with the last supper
And the good news is all that great family style Italian food
The pasta and the pizzas and the subs and the eggplant and the chicken and the
Veal and their great garlic rolls which are the juiciest in the best in the world
It's all waiting for you today and tomorrow and every day
That's right they're open new year's eve
New year's day featuring their regular menu
And no price scouting
Every time it gets to the holidays especially the big use Christmas New Year's
Whatever a lot of the other restaurants that do stay open they got they you know they
They skyrocket the prices because they know your despic most places are closed
And they gouge the hell out of you never it pizza lot same menu same prices which are
Estonishingly low every Monday's lasagna night Tuesday is eggplant and both nights
If you buy one of these you get the second one for only five bucks and they give you tons of food
Air beyond praise enough for like three people Wednesday like tonight bring the kids for kids
Night it will every adult on trade two kids can get choices spaghetti with tomato sauce or a slice of cheese pizza
And every day the best express one specials which deliver white cheer orifice if you can't get over there
They're really doing a great job. They're in brow now and their new location pizza lot which has been in
Sopproda for 23 years bigger and much much better than even ever before you'll find the lot at 3514
South University driving Davie just north of Gryphon Road right next to Nova
Or if you want to have delivery or have it ready for you when you get there called 9 5 4 9 1 6
88 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 the amazing pizza lot and Jeff Cohen says thank you and please don't look at my fingernail
The Neil Roger show now exclusively on sports radio 5 60 Q AM
In Toy Story now from the makers of tickle me Elmo it's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo
Man Elmo taking my temperature with his hands the new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon
The vibrating Elmo man I think I'm falling in love with Elmo in Toy Story now
Wow yeah I do like it and the headset too
Okay it's 12 16 and 5 60 QM we're experimenting with a new lightweight headset with a thing I feel like
Like Frank Gifford almost with it almost for not that old and not that desperate
Okay where are we going we're going to a mobile in Miami hello
Mobile in Miami hello once hello twice nice talking to you good conversation
Here's a opens up one line at 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 6 7 0 5 6 6
How come there's nobody flashing oh it is flashing here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Hey Neil yes sir I was going great great show yes it is let me just add this during the commercials we don't hear anything
So I may have been listening to our radio we're working on it all right hey I was in the
Bumper last night up in a box you were sitting above me huh up in a box okay what
Did you hear me during the third period streamer about first spray Whitney no I couldn't
Have heard anybody because I was too busy screaming the same thing I was screaming up there
It's remember in Denise Poppin and what you know what the hell is going on here and the time is going by
I kept saying five minutes seven minutes seven minutes half the period's gone before we got his first shift
And then finally he sticks him out there for 20 seconds and I looked up at Denise Poppin and he said
I was really really happy because he knew it was a bunch of crap yeah I see I see need a matter of flying go out
I think I need a thing to go out well flying do you mind again I mean they're just trying to destroy the fans by proving to
Watch that need a Mars going to be a real force and that cosla was going to be real play I'm tired of it man
Put the guys out there they're playing you know Lindsay and Fitzgerald and Wells that lines playing okay and
And Whitney's playing great. He should be double shifting that kid every power play
I don't understand he plays them for half the power play then the last power play we had he puts Eddie out there
He's on air for like the first minute and 40 seconds puts Whitney out nothing happens
Okay, puts Whitney on in the last 20 seconds it creates a scoring chance
We didn't score but he creates an opportunity why wasn't he out there the whole time he was not on the shift before the power play
I'm Tonya man Brian Murray is the anti-Christine's just I'm forming at the mouth with this guy
I love him because I don't like I don't care how many times people lie to you Brian Murray does not like guys who are not big
Goofy gooo like cos love and Chris well that's I'm telling you that's his idea players
Dougie had a lightning record
I'm pretty more in Detroit these Caroline and I look at a stepheater and into he's a step
Dougie had a winning record on the road last before he left. Yeah
And just because he had some lost the oh my no it's not but I got news for you
We can't worry anymore about Dougie about stew barns about the past they have got to make some moves now
And because we still thank goodness the mediocrity is so rampant
I mean we're only a point behind islanders the Rangers a couple of points
We're still in there for the playoffs Buffalo is coming on a little bit though now these other guys aren't gonna wait
Around all year for us to catch up to him
He has got to do something now because he's got a bunch of stiffs on his team that just can't get it done
I think it's the white jerseys we can't win with the white jerseys tomorrow tomorrow's the red jerseys
What's that tomorrow? We're in the red jerseys. They they're right. Yeah, Devils are wearing the white ones
We're in the red jerseys to change our luck. Well, we're gonna win that's I hope all those two okay
Yeah, I'll see them all again. Goldie's go. I mean go punches go
We need Ty Dohme on that team to shake these guys up
Maybe get a high stick some of his own guys and shake these bastards up. Okay, wake up sniff the panties man
Some of these guys are like sleepwalking and we're paying the big bucks for the tickets
Here's Boca hello
Neil yes, sir happy New Year. Welcome back to you. Uh listen now
I'm sorry about your accident and a related birthday to you too. Thank you so much
And how do you suck us don't forget that? Oh, thank you
Where did you lie? Listen? I you know, I was listening to people on Rick and such yesterday
I know what you said on your show. Yeah, and it was just you know
It's back to the same old crap with some of these people, but you know something George was telling me heard some of it and Rick
Is credit said I'm not gonna get stuck into this and I'll leave that to King because he likes to create that that can try for any
Controversy I'm not gonna get stuck to it here. I am not gonna
I've already said what I have to say about it and I'm gonna do my own show and I'm not gonna publicize
You know the the the Phantom talk network there that you have to keep turning the radio every block
You drive up the road because you can't hear any of the stations. I am a wife and bother well
That's an idiotic. They cried on F.T.L. for five years desperately to get me to talk about them
And I won't do it. Why should I bother?
No Rick or some of my audience doesn't listen to those stations. Neil Rick and such didn't fall for it at all
Yeah, you know Rick was upset because you know Bob Green was there and he hates Bob Green
And okay, but let me tell you something. Let me tell you it. This is one thing I do want to say. Yeah, Tom
Jicke has been a friend of mine. I've been in the market for I don't know
