610 W I O D
Neil Rogers
While you're goofing off, it works.
Hey, that's a good idea. Thank you, sir.
610 W I O D
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh!
Please lock him away
For I recall the day
I'm a side
I'll bronch a ride
And he won't confess
Neil
I don't care what they say
Cause OJ
Murdered her where we love
Oh!
It happened so soon
On the 12th of June
And OJ ran away
From that bloody mess
I don't care what they say
Cause OJ
Murdered her where we love
I have waited quite a while
But I see you still on trial
It goes on and never ends
Oh my god
As it does I know that OJ murdered them
Lock him up please
And throw away the keys
Just lick him
It's a game
All the claims
Of his innocence
I don't care what they say
Cause OJ
Murdered her where we love
Oh!
I don't care what they say
Cause OJ
Murdered her where we love
Oh!
You've heard
Okay, 1003, welcome to 610 W I O D
It's Friday and this mic is all screwed around again
This thing now just goes around and around
The thing on the bottom
It just the ring
It just goes round and around
And pretty soon your voice
You sound like Westbrook fan for he is great
Just keep spinning it
Just keep twirling it
Pretty soon I'm gonna sound just like I'mus
Anyways, so OJ is in town
What's the story?
That was at 745 this morning
Did he play?
Do he be playing now?
Does anybody care?
And Hot 105 by the way is one of the sponsors of that deal
Hot 105, Cox Broadcasting, our sponsoring that thing
We are definitely gonna maintain our sponsorships
That Daryl Davis of W HQT Hot 105
We support what the tournaments are all about
OJ chose to come
The other day they were peddling a story about how he was invited
On a group that was invited, that's a bunch of bullcrap
He paid, he paid this asshole $600 to play in the celebrity golf tournament
Okay?
Now I'm sure that a lot of us would have more than gladly substituted the $600 and donated ourselves to the Cicola
Celenemia Foundation, whatever the hell this thing is
Isn't that what it is?
Right, Cicola Celenemia Research
Isn't he supposed to be broke and campaigned?
That's my point
He's broke, he can't even walk because our threat is so bad
But he spent $600 plus, of course, however much it caused to come down here
To play golf again
So we could intrude once again and stick his nose
Where we don't want him here, okay?
And yesterday I'm watching the Channel 4 news
Jim Berry, first of all your an asshole
We all know that, you know nothing about sports
But number two, just another professional black guy
Following OJ over there WNBM
There aren't four people listening to WNBM
That's a station, how many times does that think they're off the air already?
How many times does it go on dark? Oh, I'm sorry
How many times have gone off the air?
Remember when NBM was doing their big talk thing
They had Ernie Sochin and Stan Major and Mike Thompson and all those great broadcasters
That lasted about what, two minutes?
I mean, what is this?
Again, we got a bunch of people making all kinds of excuses, apologists
We don't want no murderer who's been found in a civil trial
He's been found responsible and reprehensible for the murders of these two people
And anybody with a half a brain who watched the criminal trial knows he's guilty as hell
And yet in spite of that, he's down here mudding up the waters, okay?
What a disgrace, what a bunch of bullcrap get out of our town and go away
Now we don't want to see an horror
We don't want nothing to do with you, we can't stand you
We hate you like poison
So all your Ranger fans out there rejoice
I got a hand at two men are playing great defense, Richter standing on his head
The devils are a coma, toast man
I told you yesterday they were ready to be head
And they got head again last night they couldn't score into an empty net
They couldn't score if the Rangers just stayed on the bench
They still couldn't stick in them that I don't think
They are tragic
The New Jersey devils man that frog, Jacques Lemur, he's getting his comeuppance
And I got to say the Rangers are playing a lot better than I thought they were capable of
But again, I don't think they're going too far
I don't get too excited but nevertheless congratulations to those Ranger fans
We put them down, we ripped them an ass, everybody of course
All the experts like our coach here and certain others were saying
Oh yeah they're so old and they're ready to fold up
That was back when we were playing, remember that?
All we had to do was show up they're old, they can't play back to back games
They're ready to choke on it, they're gagging on it
And the Rangers shut them out again last night, three to nothing with an empty net goal at the end
By Asa Tickenin who just keeps sticking it in there and stick it in there
I bet you there's nobody in Scandinavia in the history of the human race
Whoever's stuck it in there as many times as Asa Tickenin
We got some good crap to give away today by the way
No pun intended
We got some good, I'm serious we got some great crap to give away
I'll tell you about that in a second, it's all request Friday, it's a great day
I do want to say this though I'm a little pithed off about my diet
I mean I love the Atkins diet, they're wonderful sponsors of ours, etc and so on
But I just, I can't make that needle move
And the scale either, I just, I don't know what it is
It just ain't working this time, plus I think the thing that I've had which is just really pretty much gone
You know, but you think it's gone but not 100% and the reason being I think I got a yeast infection
Remember in the Atkins diet he talks a lot about that about most people especially if you eat a lot of sugar and ice cream and stuff like that
You have yeast infections
Inside your body there's all this and you look on your tongue and you see that coating of green
Oh God, yeast infection, my doctor instance, my doctor's a great doctor
Very stubborn guy though, very stubborn
Insist that that's not what it is
I think I got a yeast infection which first of all makes the diet almost useless
And secondly makes you feel like crap and does all sorts of not too pleasant things
Maybe we got some nutrition like spurt out there, it knows how to get rid of it
Maybe we even got some quack doctor out there who'll prescribe me some crap I can get rid of that
You know what I'm saying? Candida albicans, is that what that is?
Oh fat
I think that's the same basically, I think that women get in in...
I'm a vagina
Yeah I think so, but anyway I don't want to get into that, believe me
But uh...
Oh, gotta do something about that you know?
Get it out of your system once and for all, I mean my doctor's great but he's a little slow on the nutritional side
A little slow on the uptake, I mean how many years can you go along with this thing and you know
Just one day you'd like to wake up and say hey good bye and the scales going down
I'm starting to lose a few pounds, that would be great
But I think I have an impediment to my success somewhere in my system
Let's get some witch doctor on here today who's peddling some good crap
Here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach, hello?
Morning Neil
More ablinus dias
How are you?
Great
Neil, I didn't know if you caught this, I just caught the last two seconds of it on Larry King last night interviewing Michael Myers
I don't watch Larry King
Okay, I normally don't either but Michael Myers is on, I think he's funny, anyway
They were talking about the Toronto Maple Leaf and why would they be talking about the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Because Michael Myers is from Toronto, I think
And so he was just talking about how he pretty much believed, moved blood because he loves the Toronto Maple Leafs, etc.
And they were having an argument because Larry was saying that yeah in 1956 they used to wear green
And he's like, why?
Who used to wear green?
The Toronto Maple Leaf
They never wore green
And they had a huge, I mean they were going back and forth saying yes and then he's like, no, are you kidding me?
Jim Duramey have had something huge but it wasn't green
So then Michael Myers is like, you know, maybe it was St. Patrick's Day or something, you know?
Yeah
And he's like, no, no, no, in 19 and there's...
Oh Larry, King's an asshole, okay, that's embarrassing
They went to commercial on that
The Leafs have had blue and white since before Foster Hewitt was in embryo
Anyway, I figured you'd know and put this record straight
Never happened
Okay, thanks
Okay, see ya
Oh my God, all of a sudden my whole neck I feel his stress
Larry King is hucking and trying to spewing more bull crap, how do you like that?
622 WIOD and Dade, Broward County on all requests Friday, 7679, 463, open line in the out of town line, a purple line
You know how it works, you know how it goes
Any response yesterday to our survey that we took on this show which I thought was mighty amazing
Huh?
Any response?
Response from some of the parties involved
I wasn't listening last night
Billy Bob asked me the score and I told him that he was way ahead and he was happy to hear it
How come he asked you the score I was doing it here, I congratulated him but now he ignores me
Now he's such a big star because he got like 47 to 18 or whatever it is, public approval
So now it's like, well, he can't respond to me, he's too busy of being a star
He's too busy looking at his awards, I guess
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Okanil
Yes sir
Hey, happy Friday
And back to you
Listen, talking about criminals
The funny box that were give you a check for a center one
Yes he did
Oh, because you never mentioned it, maybe I missed it
Yes I did
Oh, okay
And yes he did, how do you like that?
That was back when he was filling in on the Iran and Iran when they were jerking him around over here
Oh, what's in the dollar?
Huh?
It was a nice check, it was a few hundred bucks
How do you like that for a cheap auto work prick like him? I mean guy like that
Hey, how about every question?
Yeah
Prissen bitch
Oh, okay, he's in town
Prissen bitch
Yeah
And we dedicate to OJ?
Yeah
Okay, grease him up, grease him up
All right
Have a great day
I love you, stickier meters, okay
They say I love his taboo
That what we're doing is wrong
But I don't care what they say
Because my love is so strong
They tell us we should be ashamed
We're not husband and wife
But I cherish each moment with you
I'm so glad you're in my life
You're my prison bitch
My prison bitch
You're not a light of the men
I'm glad we share a prison cell
Where lights go out at ten
I can't expect who I feel
Now that would be a pride
As long as I am doing new
I don't mind doing time
Oh
Cause you're my prison bitch
My prison bitch
And I have no regrets
I got you for a candy bar
And a pack of cigarettes
At first you were resistant
But now you are my friend
I knew that I would get you in the end
Prissen bitch
Just lick a prison bitch
I guess that you were sent from a ball
Lick it and stick
Prison bitch
Prison bitch
And now you are my prisoner
And your prison bitch
Your prison bitch
And you're a sex machine
Only have a one request
How about some gasoline
Sure
I'm tired of this prison cell
I need to get away
They sentenced me to seven years
Not seven times a day
And your prison bitch
Your prison bitch
You're in for many act
Kill me
I really hate these knockers
That you stabbed you on my back
I thought that I could break away
But now I'm losing hope
God I'm bored of picking up the song
And over prison bitch
Prison bitch
Turn up the lights
Cause I can hardly wait
Prison bitch
Prison bitch
And when I get out I'm ready to go straight
You're my prison bitch
My prison bitch
I'll never say goodbye
You're not like all the others
Too bad they had to die
On the second thought I'd live outstack
If you want me to
Your prison bitch
Is never leaving
You
I heard you were by a cellmate
But now you're my soulmate
So come here, merry girl
I know, never go
Now I know what they call you
Hard criminal
You bought the fern out when you called this
The Poké
The Poké
The Poké
The Poké
The Poké
1015 at W.I.D.
So Kim, the lovely Kim from our continuity department
Walks in here this morning at about 9.30
I'm sitting here reading the papers
And she comes in and says
George told me not to waste my time with this
But I'm just wondering
You want to go up the other way to the building and see
Eric Estrada?
What do I want to see that old lady for?
You know what I'm saying?
First of all, she's as old as I am
Number two, never looked good even when it was younger
And give me a break
Eric Estrada gets serious
He looks worse than John M
Thank you, I just did joke John
I was a compliment by the way, kind of backhand again
Facts is here, these chronic facts is
Anyway, it's 1016 at W.I.D.
Go drink some diet soda and get out of here
610 W.I.O.D.
We've replaced the tire of old morning show
With a tire new morning show
My accountant said to me, do you have any receipts?
I go, what do you think?
I go, let's make some up now
But don't think that I'm collecting things when I'm driving places
Yes, I spent $12 for gas
You don't say this?
I don't say anything
I have a little bag
That I just dropped the receipts in
I get a little bag too, but I'm taking stuff out of it
Ron and Ron
610 W.I.O.D.
610 W.I.O.D.
610 W.I.O.D.
Well, hey Lord, how do you Lloyd?
We're Floyd Lloyd!
Let's do some picking for
Not your nose, Lloyd!
Listen to my story about us good old boys
We come from Alabama and we come from Alabama
We come from Carolina and Mississippi too
We love to chew tobacco and shout
We're red necked, Daddy
Pick up trucks, beer guts
Oh, and Mr. Tony George had a good idea
Give him stock cars boys and bring him on up here
We'll throw a big party and we'll fill up the place
It's time that Indie had a NASCAR race
Add the brickyard that is
In Speedway Indiana, US of A
What's that space?
Diamonds and car fans are a whole new breed
We love Rusty Wallace and we love Lake Speed
You can see I'm a NASCAR fan from the back
His pants are so low you can see his butt cracked
Floyd, I can see a half moon and it's broad daylight
Get yourself a belt
Can I put my name on the buckle?
Some NASCAR girls don't wear no shoes
On their big floppy hooters they got big tattoo
And Mr. Hick, you mean a certain beller from the south
Be careful if he tells you you got a pretty mile
Floyd, give me big hooters with big tattoos any day
Hey Lloyd, look at them jiggled twins
She's got a day to learn heart tattoo right there
Twain her boobies
And Harry get between her legs
Hey Lloyd, let them see your big prickle
Floyd, I'm in your dick prickle tattoo
We sure had fun and in the end we'll be coming back
I got myself a checkered flag, it's nailed to my gun rack
The break yard is best time the soul boy has ever had
Next year I'll bring my parents mom and uncle dad
Show me new teeth Lloyd
I bought them on layaway
I got me a picture of Richard Petty and Elvis
No, they're just shaking hands
Tech-Flood II at WIOD by the way the ubiquitous Jack Mark was in here this morning briefly
I couldn't get rid of him for like about two minutes
And what an asshole man, look at this, gives me a letter on his letterhead
Which I'm very impressed not
Two ne'er Rogers May 9th, I will be out of the office on Friday May 16th and Monday May 19th
You may use, you can use my parking space on these days
Let me know when you want to match wits on the ear
So in other words he wasn't embarrassed enough yesterday by being made an ass out of
He'd like to come back and you know subject himself to more
Just in order to plug that five watt station he's got with a signal straight up in the ear
Well Jack, thank you parking space and shove it okay
He was very proud and wants to copy the tape
Wants to copy the tape for what?
For so we can show his ass to all his friends?
To both his friend? Oh my god
I told his secretary, forget it
We don't do tapes anyway by the way
Huh? For money?
Yeah for money
For a hundred bucks we'll be glad to supply with a little bit of the tape
So anyway we got some great crap to give away today literally
That's right not for my yard by the way
Could be though
Here's a guy named Larry Brighman in Fort Lauderdale
And very rarely you know every now and then people send us over a bunch of stuff to give away
But never before ever have they sent us over a bunch of stamped envelopes, mailing envelopes
How do you like that?
He's got a dozen mailers that he sent in here with stamps
Postage supplied everything
And what we have to give away today to those who really know their crap is ten plastic dog poop's
Oh and they are beautiful
Wow I got one in my hand right now with the plastic around it though just to be safe
I mean if that doesn't look like the MS like the real thing
Then I have never seen no dog poop and believe me I've seen plenty
Including in places where it ain't exactly where you wanted
Also we got a plastic puke here if anybody wants that I was going to take this home
But it's not something I really want to look at the rest of my life
So it's like still on its it's called whoops the most disgusting laugh getter
And it's you all seen these this is so anyway the name of this guy's business is Dungpile Novelties
He's got kind of a crappy business
And if you want one of the oh let's see it says the realistic looking dog poop
The realist looking vomit and shrunk and head replicas
Which George has one that he ain't given up by the way can be ordered from the Dungpile at the above address
PO box 23758
Fort Lauderdale 33307
$4 each including shipping handling sales tax etc.
Whichever you like so we got ten dog poops to give away and one plastic puke
What a puke what a classy show
Dungpile Novelties PO box 23758
Fort Lauderdale Florida 33307
$4 for each dog poop realistic looking vomit or and or shrunken head replica
Very nice nice going Larry and thank you so much for
Supplying to postage in a good stuff too and even even includes a copy
Look at this of his license he's got a license in the city of Fort Lauderdale
And he's got a thing what is this a tax thing occupational
Just to make sure he's not some bozo out there who doesn't have like a real business
His business his crap and the crap business of course is the biggest business
Here's Miami hello
Good morning Neil yes sir
You like that Bob and Tom huh? Yeah
I'm the one that sent you that CD and the tape
Thank you so much
No problem I'll tell you
If you want to rehash that Howard thing yesterday
But if you can play the tape
Later on he goes that goes to say that about ten years ago
When you stole his act when you stopped doing topics
First of all when I stopped doing topics I had never heard Howard Stern in my life
I hate to break the news but when you got an ego as big as your nose
That's you think the whole world is out to steal your rack
I had never heard Howard Stern I got rid of topics
Because I was tired of boring myself
I think he was referring to John when he was talking about pretty pretty boys
You you prayed around town
John I think he was about the hockey games and stuff
John is a boy 33 years old
Yeah you know but that's my request if you can feel like you're playing
I don't have it with me here today
The Howard tape that you brought us down
I wouldn't dignify him by wasting that much air time okay
I wouldn't in addition to which why is he so concerned about me like I said he just got multi-million dollars worth of publicity
His ratings went through the roof here and everywhere else with all that hundreds of zillions of dollars
What is he worried about me for? Talk about paranoid and psychotic
I don't know if it's stick or not but I don't know
Week very weak and let me say it again
99 and 9 tens of the people in all the markets who get a show they don't have any ID who I am anyway
So that's the point
All right Neil have a good day
Thanks for your good stuff
We have an open line in day at 622-9463-1 and Broward-767-W-Y-O-D
Everybody stealing from Howard even a guy that even the Statue of Liberty that thing at that torch it's holding up in here
Was once stuck inside Howard's back though everybody stealing
Because he's the only guy that needs to be on the air man him and Lardass and Larry King how many times have I told you that
These syndicated shows that's all that needs to be on here all the rest of us can just pack a salami sandwich and go out and have a picnic
And just throw in the towel
Sorry we just continue plotting right along
Wonderful I love demons
610-W-I-O-D
Neil Rogers
I have some mega-mode as well I still won't die I have no teeth in my body's DK with miracles paint my thing out of my legs still I'm rocking
In my jelly shoes they're yelling you out the cock at you and I'm rocking your cock's a hoist to you you pasted you
I'm over that to raise you guys
Oh
Hey
I'm fucking scared to death
I'm scared to death to you
So sorry
1032-W-I-O-D
I sure hope that Jewish guy that called was the yesterday or the day before don't get offended by that the one that was trying to give me chapter and verse make a list of what it is that I can say
That doesn't offend them and the rest of the stuff that does offend them sorry not okay
We have an open line in date 622-946-3622
In addition you know I'm just thinking about the guy called before brought me the tape and talk about inconsistencies when he was talking to this
Melrose guy remember he was saying well Neil Rogers whoever that is like he doesn't know who I am and then all of a sudden
He's well you know I'm doing little boys and I'm creating somebody around town. I thought he doesn't know who I am
Talk about inconsistency and more bull crap and lies. It's very sad
It's really pathetic if you're gonna rip somebody at least you know be honest about what you know and what you're talking about instead of the bull crap
Terrifying two open lines in day at 622-9 two open lines in date on a day when we're giving away some good crap like this
Oh my god is that a shot in the head or what and is anybody got any my pills for my yeast yet?
We're gonna have we're gonna have 14 doctors lined up at the door right now all with forget about the prescriptions who want to go to Walgreens with pills saying here you go pop a bunch of these and you'll feel great by like noon
Not like he used to be baby. It's not like it used to be in the good old days. Here's Bokeh. Hello
Hey Dale. Yes sir about yeast. There's a book William Brook wrote at the yeast action handbook William who?
Crook CRO okay empty yeah and he what he says is take nice that and four to eight million units four times a day
Yeah and a diet sugar free yeast free free of fermented items. Yeah, but if you're gonna start with a die stat and start with one million
Well, where am I gonna get that you get a prescription is very simple bin on the market at USP generic for about 30 years
It's just came out for extemporaneous preparation of a single dose. Yeah nice that in USP powder USP is US product appear. Have you take have you taken it? Yes, I have it is a work
It works great the yeast connection here at excellent reader. You know how to absorb what you're reading right the book you'll learn an awful lot. Okay. I think you can continue with actions on the yeast diet. Well, yeah, the
Atkins doesn't work unless you get rid of the use that says Ray talks about that in the book. Well, you could start right away with
Atkins the same day you start with nice that but go shook absolutely sugar free no more fermented stuff no more vinegar no more cheese no more cheese right cut the
Cheese I think you got it. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Bye. See you there we go William Crook an MD who's a crook. How do you like that? That's unusual now all I got to do is find a doctor is gonna give me a
Prescription right hey that won't be too hard it will
Because my doctor just he's just like I said a great guy but very stubborn and hard-headed and you know he knows everything we have an open line
Indeed 629 463 a one on the out of town line 188 4749 463 188 474 here's a lady in Hollywood hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am first time caller have a request for my husband who's a long time listener. Yes, he's too sick in the car. Oh my God. What a pussy. Can you play a big black guy named in I can't I don't have it. You don't
Have it. How is it that everybody's got such a great memory I Georgia's got it somewhere and I've only asked him 400 times to bring that disc and it's got it on there and he just refuses to do it. Oh, he keeps forgetting. Yeah. Okay. Sorry about that. That's okay. That's the only that's it. That's
That's all I have. Oh, I'm so sorry. Okay. Thank you for making me feel so bad. Two open lines in day 622 W. I. D. One and Broward 767 9463 1 on the audio net the worldwide the Palm Beach lines 1
AAA 474 East. Here's a call from Los Angeles alleged. This is from LA. Yes, sir. You know, I got into a lot of trouble with one of your callers who called about me. I'm the guy that called Howard. I'm the guy that got the guy that called in. I never let me say this to you. Okay. You're in LA. No, you don't hang up on me. No, wait a minute. You're in LA. Yeah. I'm in LA. I live in LA. Yeah. And you called here from LA yesterday. I called no. I called in from my for from
10. Blur points about two weeks ago. And I called and I said I was listening to your show and I was enjoying it. But I never bad now. Howard Stern. Now what are you listening to? Wait a minute. What are you? What are you talking about? Didn't you call me? You're the guy that started yesterday? No, no, no. I didn't call yesterday. What are you talking about? This is that Melrose guy. Oh, this is get out of here. Oh, if you guys think that this thing's going to continue. Forget it. Forget it. Don't waste my time. Okay. If Howard's that desperate needs to use a putz like you. Then more
power to him. Okay. If he can get anybody listening, you lose an all using a loser like you on here. Get out of here. They think that they're going to continue this. Get a life. Get a life. Two open lines on the out of townlines. One
AAA 474. Like I'm going to get sucked into this stupidity. Give me a break. Life is too short for assholes like that. Oh, here's Dr. Mark on there right now. Mr. Bonehead. I mean, my good doctor friend. I told George it was
Dr. No, it all. Oh, it's just that you know, this thing is like every day. It's another degree that it goes away. And it's just
lingers. I forgive me. I didn't. I haven't heard what the symptoms are. And it's really what I called and was to address that nice, that and yeast thing. Well, what do you mean what the symptoms are? I mean, I didn't really hear what your complaint was. I mean, you're always saying this something. Oh, my God. I mean, your general principles. You know, that's your dad. I know. It's the same thing I've had for 17 weeks. Uh huh.
With the lips and the coating on the tongue, the tongue is like almost completely better, but I got the driest lips in town. Well, I told you I could go on for a while. For a while. Yeah. For how many years? Now months months. Yeah. You know, no, the reason I. Oh, my God.
God, I never said months. I'm always afraid to talk specifically about what you and I talk about. And shall we say the sanctity of the examiner. So I never really had be my guest. I have. And this pathetic, peaked old body of mine. I got nothing to hide.
First, first of all, the business about nice stat and nice, that you know, the guy said before it, doctors, I even used said it. We, I don't want to use yes word. But we, we, we, we, we grapple around a lot. Only 20% of what we do is scientifically validated 20%. That's nothing.
But this is one of these things that's actually been thoroughly studied even to my satisfaction. I mean, you talk about me being a hard head and it's true. My first job is not to kill you by accident.
And so when I know that something, yes, it's a nuisance. But I also know that in the in the real world. So in other words, you're going to do it on purpose, not by accident.
Now, yeah. Right. Now, if I'm going to tell you it's going to be very deliberately and hopefully well done anyway. Yeah.
But you know, if I know that the problem that a patient has, like this nuisance thing that you have, I'm sympathetic with the discomfort and with the fact that you were talking all day long. In fact, I was talking about you with a mutual acquaintance who's a saxophonist.
And I, and I, he was saying, yeah, he's telling me about his lips. I said, you know, you can imagine what the guy was going through. He works with his mouth and face all day. And he has these symptoms.
So I know he has health. Yeah. It's annoying his health. But I also know that I'm more likely to hurt you than help you with a some kind of medicine treatment like that.
And my stat and stuff. There's very few people have any kind of bad reaction to it. But more people have bad reactions to it than get a benefit from it. It's been disproven.
It's one of the few things in medicine. It's actually been thoroughly disproven to the guy who was like, so maybe that's why the doctor's name was crook.
Well, you know, you got to wonder, I, I asked an infectious disease specialist about this whole yeast thing. And he said, you know, we all have to keep an open mind. There are some people who maybe by yeast elimination from their diet might benefit and feel better.
But it's so difficult to prove because the symptoms are entirely subjective. Yeah. That thing that you have. Remember I told you it was apthestomatitis. Yes, you did.
There's like 60 different treatments for it. And that in itself is evidence that nothing can be proven to work.
Therefore, if a doctor selects a treatment that can never be proven to work, he's actually likely to do more harm than good.
And that's against the rules. And that's the thing I'm, I'm a really hard headed about. So I basically call it the tell you about my stat and but I should have known you were going to tell me I just still feel.
I suggested an oral surgeon to get a biopsy because that will prove it to you. And then you'll get another opinion.
Oh, God, an oral surgeon. You get a biopsy. Well, I'm not telling you need to, but that sounds great.
That would give you the objective evidence that you need. It would be a report from a laboratory and a biopsy on what?
The dry glands on the lips.
How do you do a biopsy on your dry lips? Well, I don't do it myself for the technical element.
I'm not really exactly sure how it's done specifically, but it's going to be done with a sharp instrument and a little suture and a little quartering and so forth.
And they'll take a little tiny piece. I mean, we're talking about an eighth of an inch, a millimeter.
And they tend to elaborate to really look at an laboratory and say this fits after stomatitis.
And then we would tell you once again, hey, this happens sometimes and it goes away by itself and it waxes and wanes as it has.
Yeah. That's right. Some days it's like it's gone.
Yeah. Yeah. And that's why that makes it so difficult because I give you a treatment where you go to somebody and he tells you nice statin or whatever else.
And then a couple days later, it's better. Like that B12 shot, how much better you felt?
Yeah. It's entirely subjective and it's very, very difficult to prove if it actually worked or not. And then the symptoms come back.
And then it's like, oh, well, is this a resistant case? No, it just waxes and wanes and it's hard to tell if it got better.
Yeah. That's it. So how many more months you think? Eight?
Well, you know, I'm going to say three to six, but I know it's been almost three already.
Yeah. You mean three to six months total? Yeah.
You don't mean three to six months more? No. Well, no. I mean, three months more to make it six months.
What's the longest case you ever saw of somebody having this a year?
A year? Yeah. Oh, my God. It's pure nuisance. And again, you know, the thing is if it's a nuisance to use a real drug against a nuisance is really important.
And then you're risking the side effects of the drug against the nuisance of a nuisance as opposed to a serious problem.
And that's the whole MO. I mean, the doctors create is supposed to be first due no harm.
And you know, we go around screwing people all the time because like, you feel this pressure to do something, do something and then you go here, take this pill.
And then you get a side effect and the guy, you know, burst into spontaneous human combustion. And you feel bad because he killed somebody for a nuisance.
Okay. All right. You got me sold again. You know, you know, I care a lot for you personally and professionally.
Yeah. And so all I can do is say, stay away from these quack cures as far as use the elimination from the diet.
Give it a try. It may make you feel better. It may modify your... No, sugar and no cheese. How's that? Well, sugar is easy for you because you're a Mr.
Mr. insulin disease diet, you know, your de-ackens proponent of the century. What do you mean sugar is easy for me?
Yeah, because you comprehend sugar. Yeah. That doesn't make it easy. I can comprehend booze. And if I was an alcoholic, it would make it easy.
But I'll tell you what though, it's easier to deal with it, comprehending it than not comprehend it.
You're right. You're right. I'm going to cut out the cheese until I get to Italy in a couple of weeks. Happy Mother's Day.
I'll read my energy. Okay. Grazie, MLA doctor. It's my doctor again. He's very convincing.
We have an open line in day six two two nine four six three six two two. I mean, it's really much into about nothing. Just, you know, just a very
throwing thing. It's just basically like dry lips, not blue lips, but dry lips. Maybe some yellow pudding might do it. Maybe watching a bill
Cosby show would cure it 1044 at W I O D.
610 W I O D. The 50 50 hits of today's hits. My grandfather was a professional firefighter with me here.
He's constantly say, if your house is on fire, why don't you jump in out the window? I'm like, I live on the third floor here.
I mean, he had me at the point. I couldn't even lay to match until I was like in six point. And yesterday's favorites.
There were a lot of talk stations that are successful without Neo Rogers. We plan to be one of those stations. The best variety in South Florida.
610 W I O D. He's pleased. 610 W I O D. I'm dying on the hands.
610 W I O D. I'm dying on the hands.
610 W I O D. I'm dying on the hands.
610 W I O D. I'm dying on the hands.
610 W I O D. We got some great framboats still waiting to give away today. But hey, we got some other, we got the Dasha on there.
We had that Jack asked from the West Coast call in trying to suck us into that ongoing. That's amazing. That's desperate.
Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello.
Neo, good morning.
Buenos dias.
Did you get a chance to watch any of the other game last night Detroit against Anna?
No, I did not.
Oh, well, I see Detroit. It took overtime again. Detroit won a three to two to win a series. Three of the four games had to go to overtime to win it.
Did you catch any of the like sports center, any of the highlights?
I saw the winning goal.
Okay, you did see the winning Detroit goal.
Yeah. Did you see Shanahan? Was it Shanahan?
I think it was Shanahan that came in and pushed the defender right into the goalie.
Oh, I didn't see that. I saw there was a wild scramble all over the front of the net.
But it happened so fast and then of course the puck was just sitting there and the whole net was open and they stuck it in.
Well, if you take a look at it again, you'll see him come in and just push the defender from, I mean, he was on the weak side of where all the action was.
He pushed him into this pile and the puck just jumped out and he scored it. I mean, it was, you know, I'm glad to see them go on.
But it was a cheesy kind of goal when he pushed them in.
That figures. They're not going anywhere. I don't care what Don Cherry says. Don's all up in arms about Detroit now and how great they look.
When it takes you three, three of the four wins over time against the mighty ducks. You know you're not going anywhere.
They can't be Colorado.
No way. Anyways, I'd like to have a request and I'd like to...
Well, first of all, if you're giving something away, I'll take that too. But other than that, you had that Floyd and Willie or whatever.
Keeping with the country theme, could we do my grandfather's, my brother or whatever, my grandmother, my mother? You know the one I'm talking about?
I'm my own grandpa.
Something like that.
Is that what it'd be called? I'm my own.
No, you don't want to play that. What?
You think of the Arkansas State Song.
What do you say?
The Arkansas State Song?
You mean...
You mean that?
Yeah, I'm my own grandpa.
That's not my own grandpa.
What is it?
Oh.
Well, I know my sister, all my life.
That's not what he wants.
Yeah, but you don't want to play that other thing. It's long and really boring and old.
I'm my own grandpa.
It's long and takes up a lot of time.
What do we care if it's boring? There can't be as boring as the stuff they got on the ear here most of the day.
It's not funny.
It's not long.
It's not funny.
Who's asking you?
I'm my own grandpa.
Good bag.
I'm my own grandpa.
Better watch yourself.
It sounds funny.
I know, but it really is so.
Yes, I'm my own grandpa.
Okay, that was enough.
I didn't say I was going to play the whole thing.
Well, we have an open line on the mobile one purple line.
Pound Iodidai said I give him a little bit.
A little taste.
A little taste.
He's also the same guy that said,
if you're giving something away, I'll take that.
But of course, he's gone.
As if he didn't know what we were giving away.
So we ain't getting it.
We haven't given away one of these yet.
I guess this audience is too classy for plastic dog poop.
Man, if you saw this, I have never seen such realistic.
In fact, I'm starting to gag up a little bit just looking at it.
And it's own little plastic sack.
From our friend Larry Brickman at Dungpile Novelties,
up in Fort Lauderdale.
Mm-hmm.
And it's got its own yeast in it, too, by the way.
Here's the Coral Springs. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, your arena is looking pretty nice here off the highway.
That's what I hear.
I haven't been, I guess you got to get it.
I keep seeing that thing in front.
That's the four dealership.
Right.
I keep thinking that's going to be it.
But I guess you have to get on the saw, the sawgrass.
It's blooming.
It's growing.
It's getting up there.
It's ballooning?
Yeah.
Yeah, they said this morning they haven't had enough dark,
complex construction workers on there.
They're getting all pissed off.
Well, with all the sun that they're getting,
some of them are turning dark.
Good. That's good.
Yeah.
But they think about it.
I wanted to touch on OJ, if I could.
Please.
With both hands.
On Tuesday, just getting right around the neck.
Getting back to your WFOR.
They're the ones who said that they were the station that went to work
to guarantee that OJ wasn't coming back and they spoke to the protester
and told her to cancel her plans and everything.
Hey, good work, Channel 4.
You assholes.
But I thought that was pretty funny.
And I did watch the everybody doing the thing on him yesterday
at the radio station, which I've never heard of before.
WNBM, it's a little very low power station on Miami Beach.
It's been around for a zillion years.
They've tried every format.
Most of the time it's been a black-oriented station.
And then they try to do talk and that flopped.
And then they went off the ear for a while.
Then they came back on, I guess, it's black format again.
And I mean, nobody here is WNBM.
Nobody can even pick the damn thing up.
Nobody even knows where it is on the dial.
And in closing meal, I tell George not to brag about his shrunken head.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Have a great day.
Well, you know, he didn't want to hear that on my own grandpa thing
because it got to kill too much time.
What else wrong with you?
Oh, it's just ponderous.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Who cares? Kill some time.
Oh, here's that goal, by the way.
Here's Detroit and Anaheim.
There's Mike Vernon, one's, oh, nice save there, Mike.
Right into that.
There's a Sri Lanka up, right into that.
Oh, we don't want to see all the other goals.
It's one to one.
And now it's going to be a two to one Detroit.
And just a second, there it is right in front of the net.
And is it La Point?
He ain't going to get it. Who's that?
They're Shanahan.
Oh, that was the winning goal.
Well, it happened so fast.
I got it on tape at home.
I taped it and went to bed.
I'll have to watch it slow, slow, you know what I'm saying?
Because I see Iserman's out there at the time.
Always good looking at Steve Y in the freeze frame in slow mo.
Especially with this close off.
Steve Izerman, God, there's a player.
I don't care what Brian Murray said about, wow, too bad.
He's such a small guy.
Yeah, right.
We should only have a guy like Steve Izerman and our team, Brian.
And Doug, wait.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't get started again.
Don't start up with those people again.
Just when you thought everything was calm down,
you're going to start up with those Panther people again.
How they doing, by the way?
When's the next, oh, and by the way, speaking of the Panthers,
I got my thing in the mail yesterday.
All you seasoned ticket holders.
I'm sure you've received yours or will today or tomorrow.
Saying, hey, guess what?
Here's a nice introductory bill for next season.
Wasn't really a bill yet.
No money due yet.
But get ready is basically what it said.
Get ready for a big check.
So it came out to a lot of money.
And I'm like, have this dilemma because I will get a couple of season tickets
from the other station that I'm going to, which I don't want to say QAM.
I am going to get a couple of season tickets, real good founder seats.
But I am warned by certain people that those are like way down in the first three or four rows,
which sounds very impressive.
But at the same time, when you're down the first couple of rows,
you can't see nothing.
You can see nothing.
So I'll have those for free.
But at the same time, do I want to give up my great seats?
See, there would be no question.
I would spend the money.
If I didn't know that a lot of those assholes, those butt plugs, were going to be back.
And you know, you know beyond the shadow of a doubt that those people who are so irritating in my section,
they're not paying for those tickets.
I don't know who they work for or there were their steal in the money.
There's no way in the world that they're paying like 20, what is it?
Like two grand of peace for a season ticket in that section.
No way.
Some of these guys, they don't make two grand all year.
Although they spend, they spend like two grand a week in beer at the game, but other than that.
So that's the only a trigger in the wood pile as far as thinking about going to get my season tickets back in 106 again,
is just that half a dozen misfits in my row and the row in front of me.
Other than that, 106 is fine.
We got some nice people in there.
Unfortunately, not right around me.
We got some real, real, real clowns, fools, jokers.
And you can go, I don't care what you say about the obnoxious fans in New York and in Philadelphia.
They boo a lot in there.
But you can go anywhere and you can watch a ball game.
And for the most part, no matter what kind of sporting event is, you can watch it and have a pretty good time.
I go on to games in Wrigley Field and Fenway Park in Yankee Stadium and Chase Stadium.
Sixth-hand WYOD by any port Lauderdale and embarrassment of backs and communications.
An American Stock Exchange listed company.
Sixth-hand WYOD.
Sixth-hand WYOD, Neil Rogers.
While you're goofing off at work.
Meaning what? Sixth-hand WYOD.
It's Friday, you bastards.
I got a girlfriend named Carmen.
She only likes to eat one thing.
She don't mess around with no hash browns.
Forget her or any other thing.
Carmen just likes to eat sausage.
Sausage makes a world go round.
She'll open up wide, slide a deep down inside and you can't help but watch, you go down.
So pass the sausage to Carmen.
Carmen likes it, steaming hot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen, well, she might even say you got a lot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen, well, I'll bet every penny in the pot.
That to see you still believe in with one gigantic heaps, she'll swallow all the sausage you got.
And I stand in the kitchen with Carmen.
Late one Friday night.
She told me that she had a craving for Kilbassi and nothing else would sue the appetite.
We looked a while in the ice box, but there was nothing we could find.
Until Carmen looked into my pajamas and I guess you could say she blew my mind.
So pass the sausage to Carmen.
Carmen likes it, steaming hot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen, well, she might even say you got a lot.
If you pass that sausage to Carmen, well, I'll bet every penny in the pot.
That to see you still believe in with one gigantic heaps, she'll swallow all the sausage you got.
Yes, sir, she'll swallow all the sausage you got.
I liked it.
Number 07 at W. I know we get some spy reports.
I knew there must have been some repercussion last night on this radio station from our poll that we were commissioned to take yesterday in which somebody got a total shutout.
What was it like 56 to nothing with six abstentions, something like that, some embarrassing number.
There wasn't one thumbs up for the brought on at night late night.
So here's Pasquale who for whatever reason is obsessed and very chronic fax, but nevertheless we enjoy it and obsessed with that show just so we can rip it.
And he says she was talking about castration last night and also said on the show, at least according to Pasquale, I can't hold it back any longer.
I hate Neil Rogers.
My whole day was ruined today.
Now that's interesting.
You silly bitch because did I, did I can drive that pool in any way, shape or form?
Even the news guy whom you hate like poison.
I said, I want to hear your feelings.
You know, exactly how you feel about these people.
And she struck out what?
59 and nothing with six abstentions, right?
59 to nothing.
I ruined your day.
No, you must hate the whole audience.
You must hate this whole town here.
And because they ruined your day because they all said you suck.
She hates Neil Rogers.
Well, isn't that a shame?
So I'm somehow responsible in addition to which to here's another fact that says her topic last night is to whack the peepies off convicted sex offenders.
Well, I'll go along with that.
How about if we whack the heads off of a talk host who don't belong on the air that way they can't talk anymore?
Right?
If you slice off the penis of a sex offender, he can't do that no more.
And if you slice off, you can't just slice off the mouth.
How about slicing the tongue out of talk hosts who don't belong on the air who are boring the audience, the number one offense in the world?
Sounds good to me.
Starting soon.
We have an open line in the out of town line.
One AAA we haven't given away no poop yet.
Can you believe that?
This audience man, two uptight, it's like the fact thing.
They're all in the closet.
They would all love this realistic looking dog poop which would make a great gag.
So to speak for the was, you know, for like around the house, for like right next to somebody's where their shoe is, for like maybe on the dinner table at night, for anywhere or right underneath the dinner table right in the middle of a meal for somebody you can't stand.
But that's okay.
I'll just take I'll just take it home and lay it around the house and try to guess which is the real one.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Great.
Number one, I might say I've never listened to Howard's term because I've always listened to you and there's no need to change.
Well, we're not discussing Howard.
Not getting sucked into a stupid thing with some bozo out there in California.
Exactly.
And also that windies near your house.
I stopped by there ordered a hamburger without pickles and not only did I get two, I got eight pickles.
All right.
I'm believable, huh?
Anyway, can I get some poop?
Yes, sir.
You got some crap.
Here's a guy that wanted crap and you came to the right place.
I wanted a big load.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you for that.
You'll be a maize, man.
Oh, and could you play the Dave Game song?
Okay.
Thank you.
Speaking of a lot, go, can you imagine that?
Well, I don't want to say that's so close to lunchtime.
Hang on.
All right.
Oh, God.
What line is he on?
Did I just put him on hold on five, I think?
I thought.
I think he's on it.
He's here.
Here, can you imagine?
I realize it is getting very close to lunchtime for many of us.
Isn't Lorenzo bringing cold cuts today, I think?
Yes.
And also Las Vegas is bringing in an employee lunch.
Las Vegas.
We're getting lunch from Las Vegas.
Oh, is Alice Rentel bringing it in?
Oh, he's not going.
What a pussy you are, Al.
I can't believe it.
What a pussy.
Anybody who chooses to continue working for this company and for that radio station doing
that stick, talking to people older than death with a bunch of terminal guests when you have
an opportunity.
It's like somebody on death row and somebody comes along and says, hey, here's an opportunity.
I'm going to open up the door for 60 seconds.
Either stay where you are or run out there and be free for the rest of your life.
Well, I'm, I'm a scared.
The guy gets up off the seat and starts running to the door and then runs around and goes back
in here and sits down again.
I'm a scared to go out there to the sunlight and check out the real world, how embarrassing.
So what was I going to say about having lunch?
Oh, yeah, Dave Game taking a dump.
That might be Worst and Marv Albert.
Here's Wes Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Certainly much more voluminous.
Yes, sir.
Buenos dias.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Hey, I was listening this morning with that hard hitting a strata interview.
I was captivated.
Missed that.
Just when you think it can't get worse, then they've got the mom from the parker's family to follow
it up.
Surely Jones?
Oh, no.
Absolutely.
I don't understand.
I thought the demographic on these morning shows was like 18 to 34.
Absolutely.
Mod.
Erica Strata.
What was the name of that chili?
It was on a cop show.
Chip.
Yeah, chip.
Which is what we got.
I think it was John or John's Ponce or whatever it was.
You know, the old run and run wouldn't let Erica strata in their parking lot for God's sakes.
What are they doing?
They had somebody else on here not too long ago.
Are they waiting for them?
No, no.
Oh, much worse than that.
Oh, always Alan.
Alan King.
Alan King.
How about Alan Sherman?
No, seriously.
They had Alan King on here.
Is that really?
Well, who'd Alan?
That's where they had their demographic on.
Who in the demographic of 18 to 34 knows who to hell, Alan King is?
Absolutely not.
Or Erica Strata.
Absolutely not.
I don't, you know, the show just continued to come.
That's Tommy Kramer again, man.
This guy, he couldn't drive his finger up his ass.
Yeah, I was also interested on the feedback on Karen Kay because yesterday was some great radio.
That survey was excellent.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
And then she's got the gall, at least according to Pasquale.
I didn't hear it myself, but Pasquale generally gets a lot of people to confirm his reports.
She says she can't hold it back any longer.
She hates Neil Rogers, but her whole day was ruined.
And you know, if I would have had all 59 callers call in and say she's great, that would have been fine.
It would have all gone on a year.
Absolutely.
I wasn't a fudge in the thing, so to speak.
I listened the entire day, not one person could honestly say they liked her.
And then even right at the very end there, when that one guy tried to do it out of sympathy, and I knew he was lying.
I said, are you really serious?
He said, no, I just, you know, nobody.
Now one person could say that they liked her show.
How do you like that?
And her whole day was ruined.
Why doesn't she get the message?
She can't do it.
She blows.
She's going to run a room with ski Anderson's house.
Oh, she what?
She's going to rent a room with ski Anderson's house.
Yeah, good.
Like the basement.
Neil, can I get some of that?
Leave it in the basement.
Florida, yeah, you got it.
Okay, hang on.
Yeah, I think the basement in Florida is in underwater.
We have an open line in Florida.
Seven in Florida.
It's in Florida.
Broward.
Pretty close.
In old Florida.
Seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W.
I'm going to find that the big thank God I got this stuff now.
During the break, I will dig and I will just scrounge and I'll find that big black guy.
And then we've had eight million requests for that.
And then all of a sudden for whatever reason we never popped that thing in the DCS.
I'll find it.
Okay, so just hang on tight.
I'll find that big black guy.
If it's the last damn thing I do, okay?
Not maybe the big black guy.
You're looking for the one thing you'd all like to put your neck and neck and neck or thing around his neck.
Oh man.
Not that one.
Anyway, it's 1114 to W.
W.
I have a lot of stress here today.
A lot of stress.
I think I need a few months off.
Broadcasting from a big stick with flashing lights so planes don't hit it.
Sixth ten.
Double NYOD.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with,
although he really doesn't say much just...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car,
let's me sleep better at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guy.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Okay, finally, thankfully, after all these weeks we found a big black guy we've been looking for.
I had one in my mouth once.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm not a long time listener.
I just started listening, but I heard your survey yesterday,
so I thought I'd give Brooke Daniels a try.
Evening?
Listen to her, see how she sounded.
Yes, sir.
She sucked bad.
She had nothing at all the top of that.
Except for some fungus she's got going on.
She was...
Oh, she is a fungus too?
She was stretching this fungus crap for so long.
I have no idea why she's on the air.
Yeah.
Why don't you guys just kick her in the ass, get her out of there.
Why are you guys...
Why are you guys...
There are some topics, maybe.
How's that?
Okay, there's... there you go, topics.
Let's get back to that guy with the engagement ring.
That's good.
How about the turnpike tolls?
There's another one we can get on the show.
Give her something to talk about.
I don't know.
That's all I had to say, Neil.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
And have a great life.
Okay, there's a guy who likes Brooke.
We have an open line in Broward, 7679-463.
We have one on the out of town line, the Anemia line,
at 1.48474.
So she's got a fungus, huh?
Now let's see, when did I get this?
One of this things first are bothering me.
I mean, you know, we like Brooke a lot, but...
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe she brought something in here, we're all contracting it.
Maybe it's on this microphone.
Well, if you'd stop tongue kissing her.
I'm not tongue kissing Brooke, okay?
And by the way, she could afford to lose a few pounds.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God.
Well, make me never 60 on the survey.
Against where we're going.
We're not doing no more survey today, sir.
The survey is closed.
Okay, I got you.
The survey is closed.
The message on that one you're talking about,
the message is crystal queer, okay?
They don't like her.
They can't stand her.
And she can blame me for that or for all her other failures.
But the fact is, the audience hates her
and that lame ass routine of her is like poison.
Well, the last part, I mean, the worst part I was driving back
from the airport last night, about 9.45.
She's talking about the thing about casthreading the rapists.
And she says, you know, I'm not trying to contrive any controversy here.
Right.
And it's exactly what she's doing.
Right.
Desperate.
Desperate attempt.
I mean, these topics are older than Mathuzla.
All this desperate attempt, even the light bulb don't deal
with these topics anymore.
Even Mr. Ego would be embarrassed to bring up these old contrived
hackney topics again.
We've been through it eight zillion times, okay?
And the bottom line of it is they bring a bunch of outsiders
in here to a market where we've been through all of these things,
80 million times, as you know.
And they think that this is all new and revolutionary.
And this audience is going to be dazzled by their bullcrap.
Well, guess what, they're not.
Hey, this consultant piece must be pretty nice though, right?
Yeah, I'm sure.
I'm sure he's just scraping the big bucks out of this outfit.
Yeah, I've got an actin success story for you.
I was up in New York on Wednesday, and I was in a reception after an opera performance.
And found out that Metropolitan Opera's soprano Susan Graham
has lost 20 to 30 pounds on the Atkins diet.
All right.
And you know what?
So I asked whether she had gone to the Atkins office, you know,
they're in New York City.
Right.
And she said, no, that she just bought the book
and followed the instructions and the recipes there.
And she travels, obviously, a lot of opera singers, you know,
get back and forth around the world,
and she doesn't have any trouble staying on it on the road.
Uh-huh.
So, again, the power of the blue book.
Well, the power of the blue book is great, but I'm stuck, man.
I lost about four or five pounds there, and now I'm just,
I keep having real good Atkins days, but the need to late-moving.
Keep out of there.
The need to late-moving, man.
Neil, could I scoop up some poop, please?
Mike Sherlock Holmes used the same move that needle wants, and you got it.
Thank you, sir.
Hang on. Line six.
Give that guy some crap, okay?
There we go.
You wanted crap.
You came to the right place, folks.
Let me tell you, that's the one thing this show is famous for.
We got crap right up the old...
Back home.
Where'd you expect to find it?
Anyway, it's 1124.
The heater plane, didn't case anybody cares about that.
It's on sunshine. It's on this station.
It's, uh, yeah, exactly.
We got any heat fans out there.
We're not really sure today.
By the way, how about those marlins?
Gary Sh- they won a game last night.
Gary Sheffield's all the way down to 204, and Charles and his Johnson are down to 203.
Gary Sheffield.
Here's a guy.
I mean, all they talked about was the fact he's been walked so many times.
Well, whoop, whoopie do, you know.
Here's a guy that's hidden 204 that's getting $60 million for like playing five minutes.
I mean, I am so amazed and astonished and grossed out by the fact that here's a guy
that they're acting like this guy is a combination of Ted Williams, Stan Musiel, Babe Ruth,
uh, Ty Cobb, all rolled into one, and he's hidden 204.
And it's not like they've only played for a week.
They've played the, I'm in the games that they've played.
They're like 18 and 15 something like that.
Let me take a look.
Let's see.
Let me take a, let me take a puke of the standings here just one moment please.
I think I'm right there.
18 and, uh, is that right?
Where the hell are the standings in here?
You got so much, you have sailing and yachting and bullcrap in this paper over here.
They're like I said 18 and 15 very good and you'll thank you.
So they played 33 games, which is like, uh, like a third, uh, fifth of the schedule,
20% of the schedule already.
And he's sitting 204 and getting paid $10 million a year.
Oh my God, well, it must be because he's so bright.
That must be it.
Here's a lady mobile in Tamarack. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
Thanks for being on W-I-O-D.
Well, thanks for calling W-I-O-D.
Um, I know how you appreciate nice things.
Yes.
Yes.
Last night I had the occasion to go to a restaurant, a brand new restaurant that opened in Western.
It's called, uh, and Tonello.
The people were fabulous.
The food was marvelous.
Everything was homemade, tasted homemade, and they were just a delight, which I find very rare here in South Florida.
And my husband and I have the experience.
You can go to a restaurant 50 times and they don't remember your face.
They don't even know that you're alive.
But these people welcomed us like we were, you know, something special.
And in addition to that, the food was marvelous.
And if you get a chance, you should try it.
Where was it?
It's, um, it's off of State Road 84, or you can take the 75 at Indian trace.
And you make a lesson that circle there.
It's a brand new shopping center.
And it's called Antonello.
Where is the State Road 84 and where?
In Indian trace.
Where the hell is that?
It's off of 75.
If you take 75, you'll see even a bill.
You mean out in the middle of the Everglades?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
But it's, it's worth it.
We live in Coral Springs and 20 minute ride.
It's only, it's only 20 minutes west of Coral Springs, right?
Yeah.
So like, uh, like 10 minutes from Naples, right?
It's on the way to Naples, but it's not that far.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Thanks for your free plug.
You're welcome.
We have an open line of Broward, 7679 463, 7678.
Here's a lady, mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
Great.
Does my phone tell like it's cropping out?
No, it's okay.
Okay.
I wanted to say that I was finally, I opened up the paper and I saw something that I really liked.
Yeah.
You know?
Yes.
AM radio personality, Neil Rogers.
What paper is that?
Access magazine.
Oh, that's old though.
It's old.
What happened to the new times thing that was supposed to come out this week?
George the Dayd one.
We haven't got it yet.
Yeah, that's Broward and Palm Beach.
I'm really excited about that.
Well, I think it's really cool because at least finally somebody's got it right.
What do you mean, finally?
They do it every year.
I've had it every year for like the last 600 years.
Oh, well, this is the first year I see.
Except last year when the paper picked Phil Henry and the reader still picked me,
which was a nice balance because that way we both got a little stroke.
That's right.
So tell me.
And I said, go ahead Phil.
I've already had a little stroke.
How come the Marlins can't win on the road, Neil?
Who?
How come the Marlins can't win on the road?
Have a great day, sweetheart.
I found that behind me.
No, I did not.
Oh.
So you were going to stop on me.
Huh?
I don't care about the Marlins.
Don't you understand?
I don't care.
I was just wondering why you had an opinion.
What the problem?
Maybe because Gary Sheffield's hitting 204.
You think that might have something to do with it?
Yeah, wow.
I would just, you know, because you're so fierce.
And Charles Johnson, your big star catcher from UM from the Huracans, is hitting 203.
That might have something to do with it, as in a lack of hitting.
Like Kevin Brown has to go out and pitch a perfect game or they can't win a game.
Neil, I love you.
You're one of those guys.
Have a great day.
Wait, can you just get, can I get a shameless request?
Yes.
Can I hear the lady's LPA golf tour?
LPAGA.
LPA, what is it?
You got it.
Have a great day.
Say goodbye already.
God.
We have an open line of Broward, 7679463, one on the out of town line, 1-888-4749-463.
1-888-474, Karen is very pissed and upset.
Let's not run her day again.
By the way, why would we run her day?
Because she doesn't listen to the station.
Didn't she say she doesn't listen to the show?
Hasn't she lied about that several times?
She doesn't listen to the show.
So how could I run her day?
Lie or lie or pants on?
Fire, she's worse than Jack Mark.
Well, 610-W-I-O-D, wonderful aisle of do-do.
I pooped my pants, 610-W-I-O-D.
I thought Joey sucked.
I am that hemorrhoid.
What's the matter with Les being golfers?
Can't you tell we really love hidden balls?
The only thing that separates us from the men
Is the country club's bathroom stalls.
I let my girlfriend, who's all-send-catty,
She's the film I'm the book, she calls me daddy.
Muff die, bat five, tune to talk,
All right, it's still ladies golf to me.
My favorite hola doesn't have any number.
A green or a fairway.
No, quit me cause I'm a snapper, lapper.
I play golf and I'm gay.
A most mighty time got caught in the clubhouse.
Les being golf is the only time with the girls.
I'm gay, let's play L-E-G-A.
Still ladies golf to me.
N-R-D-D-S, grace kicks it.
All my face is still ladies golf to me.
So Adam just said he had a great time listening to
A Karen's K-Lize night.
It's 11.35 at W-I-O-D.
We have two open lines in the out of townlines.
1-8-8-8-4749-463.
That's the audio net.
That's the worldwide wicked web.
In fact, probably Vanessa and Matt are talking on there right now.
Doing poetry.
Being evasive.
Oh, let's see, it's 10 in the morning.
He might be in Houston.
Oh, look at that. He might even be in Springfield.
I hate to break the news to you, Vanessa, but you're supposed to be pretty sharp at a smart broad.
If it's 4 in the afternoon in Switzerland, wherever the hell you are,
it's 10 in the morning in Springfield, wherever the hell that is.
Where is it?
Here's a Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Great.
Did you happen to catch Oprah yesterday?
I don't want you.
With Sheldon.
No, I did not.
Oh, boy.
Took her less than two minutes to get him crying.
No, no.
He ruined my life.
Yes.
Are you serious?
He ruined my life.
Yes.
I guess that means he likes it now.
Did she ever pin him down as to why he kept going back there for more?
No. She never really brought that up.
She just let it go.
It's like a woman who's a multiple rape victim.
She's been a victim by the same guy 6,500 times because she keeps going back to his house.
Well, my auntie's has been raped.
Oh, so she never brought it up, huh?
No.
That's stupid, bitch.
Did you see the article in the paper about Lamar Thomas?
Yeah.
Isn't that wonderful?
About his girlfriend.
Don't want it.
She do not want to testify now.
Another isolated sports incident.
Right.
Beating the crap out of his pregnant girlfriend, by the way, the first time, which is what he was on charges for.
And then when he violated the probation for doing it again, now she denies that he's done it.
Yeah.
She doesn't want to press charges, but as long as she doesn't go in and press charges, they're not going to let him go.
Yeah.
It negates.
So no practice.
Oh, poor Lamar.
Poor guy.
Yeah.
And OJ, in an interview after practicing his golf swing, said he just wanted people to treat him like he treats people.
Right.
Give me the knife.
Give me the machete.
Can I get some crap?
Okay.
All right.
You got some crap.
Okay, give that guy an enforcement crap, George.
How many is that make?
How many we got left?
How much crap are we got left?
This makes the fourth turn.
So we have six turd burgers left.
All right.
Two open lines under Palm Beach and out of townlines.
At 1-884-749-463.
Thanks again to Larry and Fort Lauderdale for the great pile of crap and especially for all these stamped envelopes, the amalers, man.
That's really heavy duty.
When a guy goes to those lengths, that is really heavy duty.
Okay.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Well, I have a request for you.
Okay.
I heard that blue hands must be very good and I haven't had the opportunity.
Blue hands.
Yeah, blue hands.
Okay.
Get the gel pudding ready.
And also, can I get some crap?
Okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
Have a good day.
Watch out for those brown hands.
Okay, I will.
Hang on.
Okay.
Give some crap to that lady on one.
Everybody wants crap now.
Blue hands.
Wave at me.
Nothing but blue hands.
On my TV.
Blue hands.
Under blue sheets.
And they got 90s.
On their feet.
I never saw the house smelling so nice.
Now I'll have to lower my asking price.
Nothing but containers lying on beds.
All of them weird.
All of them desks.
Blue hands.
Waving by by.
Going just serious.
Seriously by.
Just do it.
Okay.
By the way, chronic fax, your retotal flooring.
Chris sends me a fax about some article in paper I didn't read.
And okay, whatever you say, Chris, I haven't read the article.
But it says, disgust in for a lot of it.
Do you don't mean disgusted?
Do you, Chris?
Disgust.
He me disgust.
Okay, Chris.
What do you say?
Okay, I'll tell you one thing.
I did not once predict that if we gave away crap on here,
that these people would be falling all over each other for it.
And here we are today and they're doing it.
Oh, man.
Do I know my audience or what?
I know my customers, man.
They love their crap.
They're up to their earlobes and crap.
Just like us here at WIWD, which is why we relate to each other so well.
Oh, my God.
What time is the lunch coming, by the way, from Lorenzo's?
The Lorenzo's, I have no idea.
And what about this other thing you were talking about?
Vegas.
What is that?
Cuban food, sir.
Which you've never eaten in your life except for the pollo tropicals.
I can't stand Cuban food.
I do, I do like the, I love the pork.
You never had a palmina steak.
Well, look at this.
I wanted to place something over here.
This is equipment here.
This is a joke.
This is a joke.
This is a big freaking joke, which ain't funny.
A Palomino steak.
Palomia.
Palomino.
Yeah, probably from Poppano Park.
Probably couldn't break two-ten, and they just said, okay, you're out.
Palomia steak.
What the hell is that?
Palomia.
It's a flat pounded steak with a-
They pounded flat, huh?
Garlic and onions and-
How can you tell with all that skin on it?
The skin on top of it, and it's wonderful.
Yeah, with skins and lice on it.
Oh, and by the way, thank you so much.
I can't remember which.
It was right around dinner time yesterday.
I was making a little repassed.
And one of our news stations, maybe it was CNN.
I think it was CNN.
They were doing two great stories back to back.
One was about the kids getting asthma from the cockroaches being in the house.
And the other one was about headlights.
Back to back on CNN right in the middle of my dinner.
Thank you so much.
Part of the new, uh, Skackens diet.
Oh my god.
Anyway, so what's the story?
What are they bringing?
Do we know when is it going to be here?
No, but we don't know what exactly they're bringing.
Okay, love.
And you're telling me Las Vegas, like I'm supposed to know,
that doesn't sound like a-
It's a chain all over the place.
It is.
A Cuban started small, but yet it's like a real-
Doesn't make any sense to me.
That sounds like a Mexican thing would be Vegas.
There's no Cubans in Vegas.
There's Mexicans.
There's a lot of Cubans in Vegas, actually.
There are no Cubans in Las Vegas.
Are you crazy?
No one was more surprised than me.
From where?
From Cuba.
Well, that's a good place for Cubans to be for my guess.
No, seriously, what are Cubans doing in Vegas?
Apparently they get around.
No, yeah.
Okay.
Whenever you say George finds Cubans ever-
Even in Taipei he's going to find Cubans.
Even in Bombay he'll find Cubans.
This man can find Cubans in Uranus.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
What is this Pellamyus stuff?
It's a little-
Little dove, huh?
That's what you're going to be eating.
It's little-
I'm not going to be eating any of that.
I'm eating my cold cuts from Lorenzo's.
I'm just asking.
I'm inquiring.
Yeah, it's a-
It's a pigeon.
It's-
It's a sautee.
They do it in a-
Some type of-
Forced.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say.
Uh, anyway, take it-
Maybe we got some pigeon out-
Droppings for you too.
Yeah, I-
Hey, I want to get one of those.
No chance.
We have an open line in the out of town line.
One triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
Why, it sounds like you got enough of your own Pell.
You don't need any of ours.
What a bad, bad, bad call that was, man.
That just sour-
That ruined my whole day if you believe that.
Just like here in K, my whole day is ruined.
Eighteen-
Eighteen-
Dill-noon.
I mean, that-
What a childish bitch.
You know it when you come right down to it.
Pathetic.
Right out of the box, she comes in a town here.
Comes prancing in a town like a hot shot.
From doing part time at some bogus station in Trenton, New Jersey.
Comes on the other first night to announce to the world that she's the girlfriend of the consultant.
That couldn't consult as way out of a paper sack.
And then she proceeds to do this hackneyed,
tried corn ball, horse crap.
It don't work formula of spritz,
spritz, hot water on it.
Talk radio.
And now she's all bent out of shape because the audience hates her like poison.
So therefore it's my fault and I ruined her day,
even though she don't listen to this show.
I mean, talk about just being all over the place.
Yeah, that's right.
There's a little pile over here,
a little pile over there.
Yeah, I got a little dog that does that once in a while.
When he's got bad, you know,
had to bowl the bad grits.
It kind of gives him the,
the YOD.
Listen,
or will be forced to play crap.
Love will keep us together.
Six tabs,
Double DUI,
God help us from this.
He's a creative freaking monster man.
1148 at WIOD.
Here's Hollywood on a mobile.
Hello.
Yes.
I got you doing deal.
Okay.
Can we hear Mr. Grisselm from Dick Burton?
Mr. Grisselm?
Yes, please.
I'll see if I can dig Mr. Grisselm up.
Thank you. Have a good week.
I'll get my shovel out and back to you.
Thank you so much.
We have an open line on a purple line,
pound IOD.
How's Dick Burton doing, by the way?
Anybody know Dick and Detroit?
There are some people I remember from Detroit.
They didn't know Dick.
Here's a coconut grove. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you?
Great.
I want to thank you for taking my call.
For the extent WIOD.
Well, thanks for calling our good friends here at 610 WIOD.
By the way, I wanted to correct George's right.
Wow, there are a lot of Cubans in Las Vegas.
Doing what?
Well, gambling and other things.
But I mean, like living and working there?
Oh, yes.
But you know something now that you mentioned.
It goes to show what a short memory I've gotten for once in his life.
George is right.
Because what I went to the Luis Miguel concert in Vegas about three years ago?
Yes.
What the hell was that?
A radio.
Oh.
I went to Luis Miguel about three or four years ago in Vegas.
There were like a lot of Hispanic people.
And yes, some of them were Mexicans, of course, and some were Cubans.
Because we did like a grease check at the door to make sure which were which.
But anyway, I know you're not a great Marlin fans.
But anyway, I went to the game and I was fortunate enough to sit in one of the present box very close to WIOD.
Huh.
And I don't think there was any life form in there, except the last night.
But there was just a bunch of goyms standing outside guarding the door.
So I don't know what that was about.
Yeah.
You mean it are box?
Yeah, about two doors down.
And there was no life.
So I don't know what that was about.
Yeah, there's no life at PAX.
And that's for sure.
But anyway, now I'm happy.
The Anaheim looks comatose.
Well, they're done.
They can be as comatose as they want.
They're toast.
They're done.
It's all over.
And so who do you like in the finals?
Colorado.
Yeah.
Colorado.
And I'm rooting for Edmonton, though, man.
I'm rooting for those oilers.
I hope they pull off another big one tonight.
Now, I hear that the last lady, my forgotten name, Brooke.
She's going to do a something that they arena tonight.
Do you know anything about that?
No, I do not.
Oh, yes, she's doing a live spot.
And I was just curious.
You're doing a live spot?
I mean, she's doing an appearance.
She's doing an appearance there.
Yeah.
And I was just wondering if she attracted, is she good-looking?
No.
She's a very nice person, but she's not attractive or good-looking.
No.
But I'm going to go there anyway.
Well, why does she have to be?
I'm not attractive or good-looking.
And all kinds of people come to me at the hockey games in their area, friendly.
And we have a good time.
I don't have to be attractive or good-looking.
But just because she's a woman, you're like, you want to go up there and like, feel her up a little bit.
No, I'm going to go there.
Sure you would.
Yes, you would.
If she was attractive and good-looking, you'd be talking all of a sudden you'd lose your balance in the fall.
Oops.
You know, and bump up into her boobs a little bit.
You know you would do that.
OK, if you say so.
You know you would.
But you would like to, anyway.
Well, of course.
But in this case, she could lose a couple of pounds.
One more thing in closing.
Yes.
Can I get something?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
That was the greatest call, and unfortunately, I disconnected him.
I would give him some crap.
I said you have to say it assuming that it would say crap and he said the shot.
I didn't mean to say...
Oh God that was good.
I said say crap and he said, Meerdad, I can't believe that.
That was excellent sir, thank you so much.
We have two open lines in day 6229463622WIOD.
So Berks do you want to think of the heat game tonight?
Do we know anything about it?
We do, I don't.
But I guess I don't count anymore.
I'm outside the loop.
Okay, so in other words if I promoted it, it would be a bad deal.
I mean how come we don't get any stuff in here so we know what's going on.
Even though we are bailing out of this, you're hitting so many other people out here.
But I mean how come?
We'll be very nice to be able to promote our close personal friend, huh?
And we can't do it because I got no information on it.
That's a bunch of crap, okay?
That is a bunch of dog do.
He called back, should I give him some crap, yeah.
He was great.
Tell him thank you for the greatest call in history.
He said it like so...
Do you know what I'm saying?
Not maliciously but so harmlessly, like so effortlessly.
It's just kind of like a slip out.
We have an open line in day at 6229463 where we know our crap man make no mistake about that.
Here is D'Areal.
Hello.
He's Neil.
How's OJ doing?
I don't know, good morning.
Win his deus.
He's Neil, I was the best man.
Wasn't that great?
You asked for it, you know.
You got to say it and he said it.
He did it.
That would be like if I said you got to do it and he just took his pants down and dropped one right there on the other end of the phone.
He did it.
Well this is Neil.
You were talking about a couple of things a couple of days ago.
I couldn't call you because I was extremely busy but I'm going to call you now.
That's just a no topic show.
Yes it is.
It's an all request Friday too by the way.
I wanted to talk about these fast food places.
Has this ever happened to you and probably everyone can relate to this?
Have you ever gone to, let's say in the Wendy's drive-through and the lady goes,
welcome to Wendy's, you know, can I take your order?
And you go, yes, give me a double cheeseburger and I say,
with ketchup only and lettuce and then there's silence.
And I go and also give me five piece chicken nuggets and then there's silence.
And then I go, hello and then there goes, yes, welcome to Wendy's.
Can I take your order?
Like you didn't even exist.
Yeah, never had that.
Well that happens to me like once a month.
Wait a minute, what just happened there that got you so hysterical?
Huh?
I'm talking to George.
What just happened?
Our wonderful friend, the the Eskye who I just gave a thing to.
Got really been out of shape because I would not convey a request on his behalf.
So what are you going to do?
You're not going to send him the crap?
I'll send him the crap.
What was the request?
I didn't get that far.
I did not convey request.
Well he's a Cuban, leave him alone.
You should be able to understand that.
Go ahead sir, I'm sorry.
Okay, some of them some real crap.
Milletin, speak, getting carried away on the phone there.
Yeah.
Oh listen, have you ever heard of something called as a bit of a little millaneza?
What is it?
Bite alla millaneza, probably George might know.
Vitella alla millaneza?
Yeah.
It will.
No, it's the same.
That's not Italian, that's not Spanish.
Well it's the same.
Vitella millaneza?
Millaneza.
Oh millaneza.
Yeah, it's the same thing, since they've breaded.
And then he put tomato sauce over that.
And then he put cheese over that.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Oh, delicious.
You'll never go back to the palomia steak or the pigeon steak.
Is that really a pigeon steak?
No, that's not it.
I think it's made out of pigeon steak.
No, they just cut the steaks like real thin.
And then they hammer them real flat.
And then they cook them that way.
I'll tell you one thing, those Cubans sure know how to pound their meat.
Listen, one more thing.
Yes.
Yes, quickly.
Also you talked about these people that were talking about Halloween and the Jehovah
Wins, whatever.
I used to work in a bank.
I'm not going to say the name Southeast Bank, but anyways, I used to work in a bank.
And then on every Halloween, everyone dressed up.
And then there was always these people who wouldn't dress up and I would ask them, why aren't
you dressed?
Oh no, you know, we can't do that.
My religion doesn't allow that.
Oh wow.
And then they always have to explain to me where it came from.
Oh god.
Or just like in the birthdays where I go, happy birthday, oh, we don't celebrate birthdays.
Because do you know what the candles signify?
And I'm like, I don't care.
You know, I mean, it's a shame that children are raised to miss three of the best things
of the whole year, which is their birthday Christmas.
And Halloween.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll let Chiquanty, all that sugar, all those sugar shocks.
Yeah.
Well, but it's fine when they're an adult and they say, okay, you're a Jew.
I think the Jew had said so.
I think it said Jew would plot if he asked me.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
Have a nice day.
And back to you.
Thank you.
See ya.
Okay.
I think it's a Jew would plot.
We have two open lines in date six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two.
How many more of a plops?
I mean, things we got left to give away.
I'm surprised you actually gave that guy the the mound.
How much?
How many?
How many we got left?
Three, four, two, two, three, four, one.
We gave away six.
Oh, so we still got four.
All right.
In A language, Quattro would acue with a Cue with a Cue with a Cue however you want to spell it, it'd be four.
Open line in Broward, 7, 6, 7, 9, 4, 6, 3.
We're giving away crap here on Friday on WIOD, which sounds very appropriate to me.
It's 1157 at WIOD.
Even.
Six-tan WIOD, Neil Rogers, while you're goofing off, it worked.
Okay.
God bless you, my son.
Six-tan WIOD.
It's Friday, you bastards.
Hi, I'm Martin, and I'm Barton, and I'm Farge.
It is a lovely day.
What say we hit the lake?
Jolly good, I could go for a game of golf.
That reminds me.
It was just a couple days ago, while golfing at the course.
I met a lovely lady who just got a divorce.
She was looking for a partner.
Now that we're playing to see, she said if you've got the ball, you can play around with me.
And she rubbed my bag for luck.
It was just a couple days ago, while at the driving range, I saw a gent in an overcoat, acting very strange.
Then he dropped his trousers, revealing everything.
Did you grab your clubs and go?
No, I stayed to watch him swing.
He's the longest player on the tour.
That's about your front nine.
And it's one, two, three, four.
I made it at the pin.
Stroke it nice and easy right before you put it in.
Go, go, go.
It suits me to a tee.
I always have a ball.
It's the golfers life for me.
I say Farge, oh do you remember your best ball?
Oh yes.
Her name was Daphne. She was a arm over the 19th hour.
Let's say Andrews.
She told me I reminded her of Arnold.
Paul Muff repeatedly.
Oh, we're good with this.
Yes, speaking of young ladies, I was out on the golf course one day with a lovely young lady.
And she was stunned by a beat.
Oh, dreadful. Where was she stuck?
Right between the first and second hole.
I goodness, sounds like her stance was too wide.
I say boys, if I am ever out in the course and struck by lightning and killed,
I want to be reincarnated as a lesbian.
Why a lesbian?
Well, I still want to make love to women, but I want to get from the red team.
I'm a very good.
It was just a couple days ago.
I met a lovely lass.
We've finished 18 holes and we sprawled out on the grass.
In the heat of fashion, we began to intertwine.
Did you finish off her par?
No, we had a 69.
My strokes weren't the only thing that was shame that day.
And it's 1, 2, 3.
For golfing is our goal.
We love to rip the shaft and put it in the hole.
Go, go, go.
It suits me to a sea.
I always have a ball.
It's the golfing light for me.
610 W I O D, Neil Rogers, while your goofing off it worked.
Okay, God bless you, my son.
610 W I O D.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Hi, I'm Martin and I'm Potton.
And I'm Farge.
It's a lovely day.
What say we hit the lake?
Jolly good, I could go for a game of golf.
That reminds me.
It was just a couple days ago, while golfing at the course.
I met a lovely lady who just got a divorce.
She was looking for a partner.
Now that was playing to see.
She said, if you've got the ball, you can play around with me.
And she rubbed my bag for luck.
It was just a couple days ago, while at the driving range.
I saw a gentleman in an overcoat, acting very strange.
Then he dropped his trousers, revealing everything.
Did you grab your clubs and go?
No, I stayed to watch him swing.
He was the longest player on the tour.
So come on, you'll fall at 9.
And it's 1, 2, 3.
4.
Aim it at the pin.
Stroke it nice and easy right before you put it in.
Go, go, go.
It suits me to a tee.
I always have a ball.
It's the golfers life for me.
I say, Fargo, do you remember your best ball?
Oh, yes.
Her name was Daphne.
She was a armadier.
The 19th-old at Saint Andrews.
She told me I reminded her of Arnold.
Paul Ma, repeatedly.
Jolly good, I could win this.
Yes, speaking of young ladies, I was out on the golf course one day
with a lovely young lady.
And she was stunned by a beat.
Oh, dreadful.
Where was she stuck?
Right between the first and second hole.
I goodness, sounds like her stance was too wide.
I say, boys, if I am ever out on the course and struck by lightning and killed,
I want to be reincarnated as a lesbian.
Why a lesbian?
Well, I still want to make love to women,
but I want to hit from the red team.
It was very good.
It was just a couple days ago.
I met a lovely lass.
We've finished 18 holes and we sprawled out on the grass.
In the heat of fashion, we began to intertwine.
Did you finish over par?
No, we had a 69.
My strokes weren't the only things that were shaved that day.
One, two, three.
Four golfing is our goal.
We love to rip the shaft and pull it in the hole.
Go, go, go.
It suits me to a sea.
I always have a ball.
It's the golfing light for me.
Hi there, boys and girls.
Today, we've got a very extra special friend, Staten Bike.
The show was all about something really special.
I hear him at the door right now.
Come on in, Mr. Nick Mac.
Are you ready?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
It is.
It looks like a octopus with a kilter.
It's me bag boy.
You want your bag?
Hey.
Oh, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands over that.
That's soft.
Hey, like velvet.
You're soft.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with a blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
Blow.
You blow on it.
Oh, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, lad.
You've got to put your mouth around it, lad.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
All right, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat out.
It's getting bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's mit Shanta.
What do we do with that?
What you do with that, lad?
You put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
You would like to know what you're doing like that?
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddy, is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
There's good laddy.
Keep blowing.
No harder ladding.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
You pick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
Keep blowing.
Oh, oh.
I'm just enjoying it.
I'm playing on my phone.
Oh, laddy.
Oh, oh.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, laddy.
You can do that again.
After the kiss of me, breath maybe.
Okay, 10 past noon at WLD.
Welcome to all Scottish and new now here today.
Oh, Scott's been man.
They're flipping it.
So thanks to Lorenzo's launches here.
What about that other stuff?
Are you going to go out there and grab that?
I got some people bringing stuff.
Bringing what?
They have roast pork with onions and chicken.
Roast pork with onions.
That sounds really kosher.
Good.
Anyway, we got roast pork here as a matter of fact.
We got oven gold turkey breast and pecan te provolone and natural Swiss cheese
and Lorenzo's own roast beef.
And it is multiband.
It is great.
Thank you Lorenzo.
Thank you, David.
Great stuff.
A nice Atkins lunch.
I'm doing the best I can, man.
I don't see that needle moving, but I'm doing the best I can.
And my doctor says just dummy up.
We have two open lines in date.
622-29463.
622-2-W-I-O-D.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Uncle D.L.
Yes, sir.
What's the matter?
You know, you think Zoh and Chef are worth 300 grand a week?
Yeah.
And the way I figured it out.
Does everybody comes out too?
Yeah, about 300 grand a week.
Okay.
Crazy, huh?
What's 300 grand when you got the money that Wayne's got, you know?
You on the other hand, you know, with your new contract, congratulations on that.
Uh-huh.
You're well worth a thousand bucks an hour, man.
Right, I agree.
They're getting a deal.
I think 10,000 an hour sounds better.
Hey, why not?
Starting last week.
Hey, um.
Interactive's in 1976.
Yes?
Oh, I'm still here.
You're still here.
I do have a request for you.
Okay.
Later on, but, just, I want to hear that mad dog thing is the greatest hit.
Okay.
But, um.
I've read in the paper, the Broward County, and it was given a Department of Transportation,
a bunch of money.
Now, how in the world, why are they giving 10 million dollars to improve the Oakland Park Boulevard 441 intersection?
I mean, where do they spend that kind of money?
I don't know.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Hey, and, uh, as far as you're giving away a bunch of crap today.
Yeah.
Two weeks in a row, the Sunset and I'll screw it up my ad.
So please send them my crap.
Okay.
And, uh, there you go.
That's for the Sunset, where they really know their crap.
What crap is their middle name?
And you're talking about Wendy's and, uh.
By the way, how'd you like that newscast we just had with John Millhouse, uh,
Pupik III, who spent 45 seconds editorializing about value jet,
which quite frankly, the fact they let value jet go back up in the air,
there ought to be a congressional investigation as to who will allow that to happen.
Absolutely.
But he likes them.
It's all politics, you know.
Yeah.
Definitely got to pull the reins back a little bit on the commentary.
I like, you know, the way you get excited about it.
Yeah.
Too much can no news in all commentary now.
It's turning in now that he's got this award winning, and he won our poll yesterday, big time.
Now all of a sudden, there's no news anymore.
It's just William Robert Millhouse's opinions now.
See, that's the thing.
People get big heads, and then you can't stop.
Right.
You can't stop them, Neil.
Anyway, we should all blake out Wendy's and Chrysler for pulling their ads off that Ellen DeGeneres show,
because we know no gay people lead at Wendy's or drive.
So, uh, the hell with them?
Gay people don't eat that trache meat.
I'll tell you that right now.
Right, right, sure.
Any gay guy that hasn't had better meat in his mouth than that?
They should not.
I'd love to hear Mad Dog sing a great attit, Neil.
Have a few weekends.
If I can.
If I can.
You got it.
See ya.
Say goodbye.
We have an open line in Broward 767-463.
Would you like a taste of this poke?
I'll have a taste of some poke.
Whose poke is it?
Huh?
Oh, it's his poke.
I didn't know that.
I'll taste it.
I wanted it.
Not bad.
So anyway, it's 1214 at WIOD on a really great Friday.
And of course, like I said, William Robert Millford the turd.
Tremendous popularity.
Everybody loved him up till today.
But now all of a sudden, he's hacking a trache.
He's starting to rip a little school kids, okay?
Rippin' little punky school kids on there who want to put memorials down to make a big song
And a dance about the people who dried dried and died in that plane crash.
Do they die first or dry first?
Well, it's not important now.
Anybody who would defend value jet needs a lobotomy immediately if not sooner.
I'll tell you that right now.
How could this government, if they cared about the public?
Oh, I just answered my own question because they don't let them go up.
Let me say it again.
If you're going anywhere on a plane and you see a clown on the plane,
I would run like crazy and get off of there and scream and yell bloody murder.
I'm telling you right now, don't do it.
That's my own personal opinion.
I don't get on airplanes where there's a clown on the plane.
And if there happens to be a picture of a clown on a plane, then I really get off fast.
1215 at WIOD.
Now you can have your cake and eat it too, speak of that.
The Dr. Ratkins low carbohydrate cheesecake.
Dr. Ratkins, the creator of the wildly successful Atkins diet,
has created the only authorized Dr. Ratkins cheesecake.
With only three grams of carbs per serving, it is the perfect treat for low carb dieters.
Plus the Dr. Ratkins cheesecake is rich.
It's creamy, it's delicious.
Dr. Ratkins developed the cheesecake to meet his rigorous demands so you can enjoy to know
that you're staying within your diet guidelines and not overloading on carbs.
But you want to make sure you're getting the real thing.
So look for the Dr. Ratkins signature right on the label.
Have your cake and eat it too with Dr. Ratkins low carb cheesecake
and try the other great Dr. Ratkins products too like lipolysia.
I have no idea if I'm pronouncing that right, but who cares?
Here's delicious protein drink, lipolysia, lipolysia, whatever it is.
And the Atkins baked mousse for pancakes as well.
You can call to find the store nearest to you that carries all this good stuff
or even call this number and find out about home delivery.
Call one triple eight Dr. Atkins.
That's one eight eight eight DR ATK INS.
And be sure to look for Dr. Atkins signature right on the box.
One triple eight DR ATK INS.
Six-Tam WIOD.
She'll never see the light of day.
What happens in your bedroom is your own private business.
But if you're going to start looking at movies and you're sick,
this is bottom line, you're sick of.
Like I said, I don't like it, but I don't...
I'm a born again Christian and I don't want to force my religion upon you.
Yes, please.
That's the way I see it.
See, I tend to trust people who watch pornography before I trust born again.
Karen Kay, Wigknights, Six-Tam WIOD.
Wonderful Isle of dementia.
Six-Tam WIOD.
The last minute.
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why.
When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment.
Jim Mandage, Singh's, Duets.
Well, I'll ride.
Riding around in the streets.
Well, it's I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Jim Mandage, Singh's, Duets.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
My mad Olha.
The mad Esto Josef Mor��� tapa patrol Aria Poluzza.
We'll be safe.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'm not going to be a fucking fool.
Well, no ride!
Well, no ride!
You know what?
I'm not going to be a fucking fool.
At first, Jim Setti felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You're not going to horror.
But now he says, I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't kiss enough
for that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America
and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll do it.
You got foam!
And everybody knows that it's all right!
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy!
All right!
All right!
All right!
Jim Madden sings duet.
Available now at All Blocked Susters Store.
Okay, so here's the emis.
Here's the lowdown.
Okay, here's the story.
Brook Daniels just called me just simultaneously.
In fact, she and Tracy just had a simultaneous something.
Well, you'd pay admission to see that.
So, in any way, and by the way, she looks just like Cindy Crawford.
Okay, I'm just trying to get the guys to back off a little bit
because otherwise we'll have this enormous ground swell.
All these horny guys will be out there, like falling all over her,
like stink on the bumper, given away today.
So, the Brook Daniels show is, she's very sensitive.
You could lose a couple of pounds.
Okay, I said a couple.
I didn't say a ton of weight.
That's all I said.
And I also said she's not a beauty queen.
Now, is there anybody who would say that Brook Daniels is a beauty queen?
I'm looking at 120 people in the other room.
None of them are raising their hands.
She has deep inner beauty.
She's a terrific person.
She does a fine show.
We love Brook.
Is that like saying you have nice eyes?
Something like that.
She's fine.
She's fine.
She's no Randy.
Wow, thank God.
So anyway, Brook is doing her show live on location
from the Heat Pre-Game Festivities this afternoon at the arena.
And her show is going to be airing from 6 to 7 to what?
6 to 7 30 in the PM.
Followed the course by.
You're right.
And the pre-game show.
Oh, I just can't wait to hear.
You're right.
Talk about getting fat.
Now, you'll look really great out there.
Brook, you're hanging out with him.
He is gotten, he's blown up.
He's blown up like somebody stuck up bicycle pump inside his
and just blew him up like a bullfrog.
He must be eating high off the hog.
I'll tell you that.
And speaking of the hog, thank you so much to Las Vegas.
I really thank Lorenzo's.
I mean, that goes without saying Lorenzo's is just the best.
They're great.
God, their stuff is so beautiful.
It's great.
But anyway, I'm trying to just Las Vegas stuff for the first time.
And it's, um, now if I say this is this going to get our friends
at Poio Tropic, how upset because they love me.
Is that going to get them out?
We love them too.
Are they competitors?
Las Vegas does not have a drive-through window.
Yeah, but Poio Tropic Hall advertised as on a show.
It's a different kind of restaurant and they also have
palomias, steaks at Las Vegas and they don't have Poio Tropic Hall.
They have pigeon steak.
So at any rate, I'm having a little bit of poke here with onions.
What is that?
What is it?
Puerto.
Asado.
Mmm.
Those Cubans, see how many new ones?
Cubans, you sure love their pork.
Man, oh man.
The Cubans love their pork.
Make no mistake about it.
In fact, I would say probably more than anybody in the world
a Cubans love their pork.
I had one in my mouth once.
Mmm.
We have an open line.
An open line in day 622, one in Broward, 767.
And don't forget to lovely the talented, the amusing Brook Daniels
will be at the, before the heat came.
She'll be out there at the arena.
So give her a big kiss.
There you go.
I'm trying for you, Brook.
I beg that I pleaded to get some PR and this.
And I'm doing it.
So there you go.
But you can never satisfy these people like, line, you sure really they said I was ugly.
Did I ever say she was ugly?
I never said that.
On the air.
I mean.
Hey, I'm an ugly old fag, okay?
I can deal with that.
It doesn't bother me.
People don't listen to the show because they think I'm some kind of a,
and we can egregious to something like that.
We can't all be young and lovely.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, buddy.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, I've been watching the Jersey New York series.
Oh, geez.
And you're still awake.
Congratulations, sir.
Probably taking no-dos, pop it in by the handful.
No, the game last night wasn't so bad.
Oh, it was, are you serious?
They had another bit of odd goal, which was sort of, I mean,
at some point you have to look at yourself and say,
but that, that, that goal was kicked into the net.
You're talking about the goal at Randy McKay kicked into the net.
That was, that was like even no contest.
They kicked it in.
Oh, I know, but I mean still.
I mean, I'm still not the net had nothing to do with an increase.
He kicked a puck in the net.
Okay.
I mean, even still, it's killing me that, that, that, that,
that New Jersey can't put it together without Andrew Chuck.
Although I heard rumors that he might be coming back.
Yeah, it's in the paper this morning that he's skating,
but they don't know when he's going.
He better come back pretty quick like tomorrow, man,
or they can just all, they can all go home to the Palisades Park.
Yeah, like you say, though, it's pointless because...
They're dead.
The jerk isn't going to be present.
They are just dead.
I know, but New Jersey rolled over and played dead.
They're sticking the joint out.
Yeah, well, I mean, I'm not worried about New York anyway,
because Philadelphia makes short work of it.
I, I think so.
I, I gotta give credit, man.
I mean, I try to be fair, not a lot like a lot of these jackasses out there.
Rangers are playing real good.
They're playing great defense.
Richter is on his head again.
He's playing great once again.
And they're tough.
And of course, Gretski is much as I despise him.
What a goal that was last night.
Nobody touched them on touch by human hands again.
It was like a Xerox copy of any one of a number of goals against the Panther Corps.
Right, exactly.
And it's that typical Gretski sleazy sucker on the net and stick it in there.
Not that one from the, from the circle boy,
who was named where near the net, that was a great shot.
Yeah, it was a rocket.
I mean, he had that tight angle, but you know,
whatever you want to say at bottom, he got to give him credit.
They're playing good.
That's the thing.
It is still boring, but they're playing good.
So I look forward to seeing Philadelphia and Colorado,
because that's what it's going to be.
I love, I love, did you watch the whole game?
Yeah, yeah.
Did you hear toward the end of the game when the Ranger fans started y'all?
The devil suck.
Yeah.
Only in New York.
And I loved it.
It was, it was even as much as I don't like the Rangers or their fans.
It was most amusing.
It was kind of like pop fans sucks.
It was the same thing.
The devil suck.
The devil suck.
It was great.
It was typical New York.
I know, and it's true, that's the thing.
They do suck.
They're thinking the joy.
They're just other than that one big year they had two years ago.
They just, I don't know what it is.
I still love Bobby Copper to though.
So, you know, that might be right.
Well, I hope you have a happy life with him.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Him or Bobby Hoolieke.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, I don't need any crap, because I got enough in my real life.
It sounds like it.
Okay.
Okay.
See it.
Okay, there's a devil's fan who's a little down in the dumps,
and I can understand that.
I can relate to it.
Okay.
How my leaf's doing in the playoffs, by the way.
They're doing it.
They're kicking some serious ass.
There goes Bert Olmstedt on a breakaway.
Come on, Bert, you can skate faster than that.
Where's Jim McKenny when we need him?
Where's the lovely Jim Dory?
Where's my good friend Bill Huy what, how's he feeling?
He ain't feeling no pain.
He ain't taking no more barbs from that John Shannon at the CBC.
I'll tell you that.
We have an open line at day 622 WIOD.
We have 100 Broward, 7679463.
We still got some more crap here.
What?
We got about three or four.
I think we got like four more piles of crap to give away.
We got six.
What?
Six.
No way.
We had a dozen.
Oh, we had a dozen.
No, we didn't have a dozen.
I thought you took one.
We had extra.
What do you mean by that?
We have extra crap.
They sent 14 and a dozen envelopes.
What language are you speaking?
Is this damn porkway?
This is a...
It's a big pile.
Can you speak in English and give me some like real numbers?
20.
Quindici.
Catoidici.
They sent 14.
What do you want to tag in Spanish?
I'll give you some numbers.
Domino for Viscom.
There's a matter of fact.
Can we get a good number in here before, too?
The opinion is expressed on WIOD.
How can people believe this crap?
You know what?
There are other opinions, but not for long.
A rock.
A rock.
A rock.
WIOD.
I know that the Lord even loves neo-roger.
The Pope's Pope's road.
He takes it as a mask.
The Pope's Pope's road.
Reckon.
He's riding on an ass.
The Pope's Pope's road.
He likes to twist the boner.
The Pope's Pope's road.
The Pope's Pope's road.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You can talk it if you want.
And the Pope will join you.
If you let him touch your road, he will surely bless you.
If he tries to pull your road, let him have a feel.
If he looks like this girl, let's call a p Uncle Neo.
The Pope's Pope's road.
He takes it as a mask.
The Pope's Pope's road.
He's riding on an ass.
The Pope's Pope's road.
He likes to twist the boner.
The Pope's Pope's road.
The Pope's road.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
The Pope's road is nine thousand years.
I got a mouthful of pork.
1233 at WIOD.
We have an open line in day six, two, two, one, and bruh.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
Israel Square.
prayers prabal mat importantly for
you to like it.
Then we see what the Pope said.
I miss something I'm pretty surprised to talk a lot of fucking voice.
I had a nickname day.
One day she flew away.
To Tio, I know where the moon is.
The moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship,
boy, our words that must have slept.
To truly tell you how I feel for him.
That's you for me.
So, if you see K and G1R,
I'll see you with Tio 1R2.
Now if you see K, tell her I miss her each day.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
So I'm my role today.
Now if you see K, take her hand, gently say.
That after this transmission,
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, is the CK and Tio 1R?
Then I'll see you with Tio 1R2.
Go, wanna go, but gotta see with Tio 1R2.
Well, 35 at WIOD.
I can just see the headline in the Herald on Monday morning, man.
Roger's Wuzlister is with Crap.
Hey, listen, I've been doing it for 21 years.
Why not now?
Well, this is from a guy in KC2 and Inlet named Larry Brigman in For Lauderdale,
who makes a Dung Pile Novelties,
that's the name of his company.
And for four bucks, you can order realistic looking dog poop
or realistic looking vomit, or even a shrunken head replica,
which looks just like water sable on a bad day.
And all you have to do is send four bucks for each,
including shipping, handling, and sales tax,
two Dung Pile Novelties,
PO Box 23758,
four Lauderdale Florida 3307,
that's PO Box 23758,
four Lauderdale 3307.
And talk about realistic looking,
it's enough to make you just looking at it.
Wow, that is a beautiful thing.
No corn though,
no corn because dogs don't eat corn.
If there was corn in it, you know it was Erzatz.
Here's Lauderdale, for all we know, it might be weird.
Here's Lauderdale Lake, hello.
Yeah, now how you doing today?
I'm okay sir.
I like to say I like your show, man.
I'm a young dog, listen to radio that much.
That's a good move.
I just turned it on last week and I'll be turning on every day
just, I'll just listen to you now.
You great.
I am great.
Hey, right.
Hey listen, I don't want to be argumentative, you know what I'm saying?
Whatever you say, you say I'm great, I'm great.
Yeah, I was wondering about the Florida Mallans, man.
Oh God, what about that Gary Sheffield, didn't 204?
Oh, what are we going to do about that?
This guy's getting made $8 billion a year and he'll be in 204?
I hit better than that.
Exactly, you could go out there and do a better net.
You'd do it for half the price, right?
You know, I was wondering, won't they move that team
to Lauderdale or something?
Yeah.
They make more money.
How about Davey?
Davey or something like that?
Like a big cow pasture out there and Davey would be good.
Miami, they say they brought it for the Cubans.
Cubans don't know from baseball, the Cubans are too busy eating pork.
I'm telling you man, the Cubans love their pork.
And then what's up with the Hitch, man?
With who?
Tonight's tonight, we'll find out.
What do you think they're going to come out?
No, I think they've had it.
I think they'd be done.
Have a great day, Pali.
You too, man.
And a great life.
I'm even there to you.
Let's see, will my, uh, okay, here's one that says will my S come in the mail
or someone from WI do it.
I think that Walder Sabo is going to come right to your door and drop it right there on your mat.
That's what Vanessa said on guiding light.
Somebody's going to drop some on mat if he don't cut the crap.
So we've had quite a day here today, given away dog poop and, uh, just eaten some free meals or two or three.
And thanks again to the people from Las Vegas, not Nevada, but Las Vegas, the Ristorante.
Excellent.
And then we even had the honor of having my doctor run a phone before doing his like little witch doctor routine there.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, which I have no idea what he said.
But he does like I told you, I promised you and he didn't let us down.
I had a feeling he might call.
Didn't never let us just down.
Very authentic sound it.
Right.
Very, uh, very forceful, very demanding.
Very, uh, he's like a bush boss.
He knows what's going on.
And then when he threatened me, well, if you want to really have a biopsy and have like your lower lip removed, we can do that.
I said, no, I think I'll pass.
Okay, then shut up and leave me alone.
Open line in day.
It's six to two.
We got a parent, Broward things have slowed down to a crawl here.
It's the new now where you don't think the fact of reading all this good food has inspired these people to start putting the stuff in their mouth like pork.
I will guarantee you we got people in this audience right now.
I would bet a lot of money it just to because they're copy cats.
Nobody has found ever got an original idea.
I bet there's people out there eating pork just to be copy cats right now.
I had one in my mouth once.
Let's go to Sarasota.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good.
I haven't been able to talk to you for a couple years since the S.U.N.
I just wanted to touch on a couple of things about this Ellen show last week.
I think it's a sad statement of our country and our society when we have to hype and hype and hype and prepare.
Right.
Oh, get ready.
Get ready.
There's a lesbian out there.
I'll get for bed.
Isn't that juvenile and pathetic and embarrassing?
An addition to which the show sucks to begin with nobody watched it anyway.
And all it is is for ratings to try to save a dying show.
And there are a bunch of desperate people out there who are so stupid they get sucked into it like it's a major event in the course of human history.
I don't understand why people are so hung up with other people's sexuality.
Because they because most of those people are probably in denial.
I'm going to tell you something and I'm going to say this before I'll say it again.
I have never in my life ever encountered anybody who started pointing the finger with other people screaming.
And I'm not saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying
that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that
I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I
They know were they God they know were they no way not like you did not make you do that not a way not a bit trailing me , I mean you irgendwas delete that, most
Yeah, why can't you hear...
Well, you're not on this side of the coast, on this coast.
Where are you?
I'm in Sarisota.
Oh, in Sarisota?
Sarisota?
What a Saris place that is.
Oh, yeah, well, somebody's got to be here.
Except for City Island over there, I guess.
And the Columbia restaurant in the Free Sangria.
You are correct, sir.
Well, I'm not going to ask for any crap
because I've got enough.
If you're over there on the West Coast,
you got all you can handle right now.
That's right.
Have a great life, pal.
All right, thank you.
Be seeing you.
See ya.
Be seeing you.
As they said in the prisoner with Patrick McGoo
and one of the really cerebral great shows
in the history of mankind, which most of the people
don't understand because they're too stupid,
worrying about his Oprah Winfrey really bad ugly.
See Oprah, she's worth billions and she's ugly.
I think she's all upset about it.
You better write your sweet ass she is.
Why is it that people are in denial?
There, it reminds me, I was hearing yesterday
somebody talking about a swimsuit contest.
And it brought to mind the kind of people who show up.
Everyone, Alex Bennett used to have the studio audience
and used to try to bring people in like scantily,
clad guys and girls.
And the people who show up thinking that they're sex pots.
I mean, I'm talking about people so ugly
that they won't even do themselves.
I mean, that's how grotesque they are.
Their body reviles from their own hands
because they're so grotesque looking.
And it just astonishes me.
The number of people who run around prancing around
like their sex symbols, like what's his name?
That big goofball.
The Italian asshole, the one that everybody looks sloppy.
Slabio, right?
Slabio, I mean, if there's anything.
All you know, whatever he is, I don't know.
Whatever the hell it is, I sure hope not.
And if it is, I sure hope it anywhere in Italy
when I go back there.
God, their people that find that attractive.
In fact, I'm looking right now at this stuff
and I'm not giving away today.
And I'm telling you, it's 10 times
who are attracted to Slabio.
So just face up to it, okay?
Not everybody needs to be beautiful looking at sex pot
and not only beautiful looking sex pot.
People get any, okay?
Thank God.
They're not the only ones getting a little action, okay?
We have two open lines in Broward, 7679463, 767.
I wanted it.
1244, WIOD.
610, WIOD.
The 50, 50 mix of today's hits.
Hey, by the way, you know, interesting.
When you say to your girlfriend
that hooker looks familiar,
it's got to be very secure guy to even have admitted that.
And yesterday's favorites.
Little girls today, man, are more dangerous than anybody.
I'm starting to wonder about that whole John Bodey Ramsey thing.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't be a wise guy, a wise ass.
Or you're going to get it.
The best variety in South Florida.
610, WIOD.
MWIOD.
The countdown continues.
Countdown.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
610, WIOD.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Wow, what?
All right, here's the moment you've been waiting for all night, gentlemen.
Let's give it up for our headliner, Jason Paxman.
Woohoo!
Here, buddy.
Take it off, Jimmy!
Take it off, Jimmy!
Since you are the businessman, just for you horny guys, I'm not mad at you.
Yeah.
Let's give us some dollars, youngies.
Feed on the work for nothing.
Give them up.
One of the year goes for the $1.
What?
Yeah, buddy.
How about that?
How about what do you tell Republicans get them fairly and face up on the same?
With a dollar between you two.
That's right.
There you go.
Keep going.
Now.
And now.
Yeah, buddy.
The one.
He just Paxman.
Oh, man.
I like congratulations again to Barry Jackson at the Aherald for another inane and totally innocuous column.
This morning, I was going, Barry, you putz.
1250, 10-10-1, a W-I-O-D, is a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, let me tell you, I'm Cuban, man.
I love pork, man.
Yeah, but you do.
And it's good for the acting side, too.
Let me tell you.
That's what I hear.
Yeah, I love pork, man.
And let me tell you, can I have some crap?
Okay.
Here's a guy who loves pork and knows his crap.
I love pork, yellow.
I love two pork, too.
You love one?
I love two pork.
Two pork.
Yeah, okay.
Hang on before you talk yourself out of your crap.
Hang on.
Okay, give that, uh, Julio, that's pick on three, some crap.
That's what I've always wanted as people calling in asking to be given crap.
There were those who would accuse me of giving the audience crap and today they're begging for it.
They're dying for it.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
They like it.
We have an open line in Broward, 767.
And when you see this, those of you lucky stiffs who are going to get this, so you're going to say, hey, man,
that looks really a little bit too real to be true.
That looks really, really nasty.
I think it's not so much the texture and the color.
Trust me when I tell you.
Believe me as an expert.
Here's the homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I was just wondering on your survey that you had about the announcer, the third.
Yes, yesterday, yes.
Yes.
Were they thinking about getting rid of him or something?
You're asking me?
Well, I was just wondering because I think I'm one of the ones that voted for him.
Yeah.
Oh, he's not going anywhere.
They love him.
Harry Penis brought him in from Orlando.
He's imported.
He's part of the Paxon Plan.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they stick him on here doing tend to do an I leave.
Huh.
Well, I hope he stays around for a while.
I'm voting for it.
Yeah, he's great.
In fact, that last news cast to me when he gave like 85 seconds of opinion on value jet
and those poor little kids.
That to me was what it's all about.
Yeah, I mean, he tells it like it is and that's how it should be.
Right.
Exactly.
No news, just opinions, right?
Yeah.
Well, I'm here a long time.
Do you remember Gabriel Header?
Oh, yeah.
There's good news tonight.
Oh, yeah.
There's good news tonight.
Yeah.
Yeah, I put this guy in the same class with Gabriel Header in Westbrook van Voorhees and Walter
Kronkhei.
Well, I think you should be around.
I enjoy hearing him.
I get my dial in the radio set for WQAM.
All right.
So WIOD.
There you go.
You can hop back and forth.
Just go back and forth and then get all the good stuff.
Excellent.
I was wondering about your knowledge of restaurants because I've been here for a while and I
ask a guy the other day if the restaurant was kind of fast food restaurant, kind of a little
dirty.
And I said, do you guys have to get health cards?
And he didn't know what I was talking about.
Sure they do.
Do they really?
Yeah.
I was just wondering about that because unless they're from Haiti.
They're from Haiti.
They give them a special dispensation.
That's right.
And unless they have real long hair.
I was wondering if I can have two requests.
Yes.
The more cheese please.
More cheese please.
You know, when you just say more cheese please and then you get the sound behind it.
Oh, as in.
Yeah.
That's it.
And can I get some crap?
Yeah.
Okay.
You got some.
Okay.
There you go.
Line two.
That old guy.
I mean, that nice guy there wants some crap.
How do you like that?
Young people, old people, everybody can use some crap.
How many we got left?
Three?
How many crap do we got left?
I want to make sure.
I don't want to give away more crap than we've got.
We got three more now.
Three as in.
You've heard.
Exactly.
We have two.
This is disgusting.
You know what?
What do we come to now?
What kind of level is this show degenerated to that we have to buy the audience by giving away
crap?
Does that give you some idea?
I'm enjoying it.
And I'm sure you are too.
Right?
You're on.
Two open lines, any out of townlines.
One, triple eight, four, seven, four, health card, my ass.
Just the stick them in there.
They work cheap.
As long as they give it, especially in the drive-through with the fast food joints, as long as
they give their customers a hard time and be the wrong order, we like them a lot.
Never heard nothing from Dave Thomas, the other day, who was allegedly here right in
town.
From Wendy's, we love their food.
We just don't like their help.
We love their food, especially hold the bun.
But we don't like their help.
In fact, you know, one of the things about Wendy's, they used to piss me off back before
Actkins, when I didn't give a crap.
Oh, sorry, I can't say that.
When I didn't care about their weight, when I was really a lot fatter than I even am now,
Wendy's used to what they would do is they'd bring in like, I would say, for a limited
time only, something really, really good.
Then when you got to really liking it, you go back there, oh, we don't have that anymore,
it's been discontinued.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
They had some really, I wish to, I could remember what they were doing.
They had to have a, they were, there was like about a half a dozen different burger sandwiches,
whatever they were, that were sensational.
Burger King did that with the Veal Parm sandwich, which I really liked.
Yeah, right.
That was about the only good thing they ever had, by the way.
That didn't taste like shoelether or rubber.
They had the Veal Parm sandwich and we don't have that no more.
It was too good.
What up, but, and you know, who else did that?
Arby's.
Arby's did that.
They had a sandwich.
What the hell was it?
Oh, it's for a limited time only because it's really pretty good.
Well, what does that mean?
Why do they do that?
They get you all whipped up, they get you making special trips to go over there because
they actually have something that might be consumed by a human being who's still got
taste buds and then, oh, we don't have that no more.
That was for a very, very limited time only.
Bastards.
Probably because it's like a lost leader, costing a money to loosen on it.
We have two open lines in date if you care to participate here and if not, we don't
care.
6229463622WIOD.
Here's Pemberg Pines on a mobile.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Uncle Neil, I was curious.
I had a radio accident and I listened to Jim really one Saturday.
Oh, my God.
You're the one, huh?
The worst radio I ever heard sounded like Larry King there, right?
Yeah.
The worst crap in history, in fact, it's worse than the crap we're giving away today.
Is Karen as bad as that?
Now that's, we may have to take a poll on that on Monday.
No, you may, you just planted a seed in my mind.
We may, I wanted to waste another three hours, but we might have to take a poll on that.
There you go.
Kienes Masmolo, Karen Kay or Jim really, Monday, three hours sounds good to me.
Can I get two requests?
Not that I want to ruin her day again.
Two requests, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
One, can I get some crap?
Yeah.
And number two, two joints.
You want to crap in two joints?
Okay.
Wait till you see what's in your bag.
It'll probably be like a Wendy's triple cheese.
Hang on.
Thanks.
Six-tan double-du-i-o-d.
Neil Rogers.
While you're goofing off, it worked.
Yeah.
Six-tan double-du-i-o-d.
It's the one to two hour.
Where's the biggest guy?
Oh, he's right.
He's free.
Just thank God he only had one.
Like I said, I could do it.
I spoke to joints in the morning.
I spoke to joints at night.
I liked it.
I spoke to joints in the afternoon.
Oh, it makes me feel alright.
I have no life.
I spoke to joints in time of peace.
And no time of war.
I spoke to joints before I spoke to joints.
I said I spoke to more.
Oh, my daddy wants to meet some new,
be hardworking man.
My mama wants to meet some new,
to the best you can.
But then one day I met Emma,
who came to me and said,
hard work, good and hard work, fine.
But first take care of him.
So now I spoke to joints when I get up.
Alright.
In the car I spoke to joints.
Neil, good.
I spoke to joints when I played the E-D-O game.
And at every 10,000 points.
I spoke to joints.
I spoke to joints in time of peace.
And doing time of war.
Oh.
I spoke to joints before I spoke to joints.
And then I spoke to more.
Yeah, boy.
I spoke to my home.
My foot, John, I really get my hands in a line.
I spoke to my home.
I spoke to my home.
I spoke to my home.
You heard me.
My daddy wants to meet some new,
be hardworking man.
My mama wants to meet some new,
to the best you can.
But then one day I met Emma,
who came to me and said,
hard work, good and hard work, fine.
I spoke to joints in the morning.
I have no foreskin.
I spoke to joints at night.
I spoke to joints in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I spoke to joints in time of peace.
And doing time of war.
I spoke to joints before I spoke to joints.
And then I spoke to more.
I spoke to joints.
And then I spoke to more.
I spoke to joints while I was playing.
I spoke to joints.
So every gun,
And then it's us all working on unity.
That's what I do.
Okay, it's 109 at WIO.
We got two piles left, right?
Point at Rice Krispie's treats.
17 carbs I just had.
That's my quarter for the day.
That's it.
Well, I'm all done eating for the day.
Done eating.
I am.
I'm done eating for the day.
I got a tiny class.
Got that big hockey game Edmonton and whoever they're playing.
Who they playing?
O'Callorado.
And that's it.
No more eating today, baby.
No more solid food for this kid.
Boy, these if I could just have one of these every day.
That would be my quota.
No more sugar.
That's what the doctor said.
You know you're a sugar.
That's right.
It's loaded with sugar.
And boy, as soon as you bite into that thing, you say,
oh, I could eat about 40 of these.
Right.
Because it's addictive.
It's loaded with azucado.
It's loaded with nature's poison.
With man-made poison.
Sugar.
Sugar kills.
Why did I eat that?
I hate that Adam Kirschner.
Thanks Adam.
Okay, let's go out.
Sounds good.
Here's the mobile in Haley.
Hello.
Uncle Dale.
Yes, sir.
I just turned in.
I haven't heard you in a while.
I'm unable to listen to you.
Why is that?
I was working at the airport on a schedule like nine in the morning till five at night.
And I couldn't listen to the radio.
Oh, my God.
What a waste of time that is.
Yes, sir.
It was.
And poor pay.
But I gave that up.
And now I'm out here learning to drive 18 wheels.
Great.
So I tuned in today.
And I heard briefly a little while ago that you're going somewhere else.
You're moving?
Yes, I am.
Where are you going, sir?
I'm going to 560 WQAM one of these days, like in the next few months sometime.
All right.
God bless you.
That's great.
I've heard a couple other guys have been over there since, uh, whatever.
Yeah, like Manage and Bo Campa and DFO and a whole bunch of go-am, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, Mad Dogg is my favorite, as far as that goes.
But anyway, you're God.
And, um, God, it was another question I wanted to ask you and forgot what it was.
Well, oh, yeah.
Can I make a request?
Yes.
Can I hear, uh, Neil God sometime before 130?
Yes, you may.
Thank you very much.
You can and you will.
Maybe one more request?
Yes.
Uh, possibility getting some crap to melt on my dashboard.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
You got it.
Hang on.
All right.
Okay.
There's a guy who's back with us again looking for some crap right away.
Line one.
We only got one thing a crap left.
Oh, brother.
It's going to be real nip and tuck.
It's going to be down to the wire to see who gets our last, uh, oozing thing a crap.
Now, what about this one?
Are you counting this one, too?
Because I don't want no crap.
Do you have a dozen, fourteen in error?
What?
I know you're taking a guy's number.
Are you counting this?
No, that's extra.
Okay.
So we have like two more to go.
Well, you never know how long we can melt this.
Then we can always give away this puke.
It's quite frankly that.
That's, that's pass-say.
Everybody has seen plastic puke, you know?
It says sprinkle a little vaster on it to make it look more realistic.
Sprinkle, it spritz a little water on there.
Or maybe just do a little squirt, squirt, number yourself on it to make it look like real puke.
But everybody's seen that.
But this, oh my god.
This is the most beautiful, the realistic.
Oh, you can almost smell it.
I think it's real.
So anyway, we've got two more of those.
What the hell did this guy want?
W-I-O-D.
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, yeah, God.
Neil God.
Full power than Neil's presidency, man.
Yeah.
I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world.
Yes, I am.
Oh, yeah.
I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world.
That's so really correct.
Burgers are made out of people.
I know.
That's it.
Six for never.
We came to get that taste of smell out of your system.
While 86% of newborn boys in this cupierre circumcised, the procedure is widely performed
without any sort of anesthesia.
I have no pre-pure.
I'm bad on you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Neil God.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I know that the Lord even lost the Royalих Orlando.
Elder of the soul.
Oh, no.
Ugh, this is really kissing on every favourite villain of the great beauty ofllaken 게임.
Ah, you have no peace!
I don't do my job as well when I'm telling the data to him.
That is great radio.
I am that hemorrhage.
Don't we have a longer cord than this piece of crap?
Look at this. Look how short this damn thing is.
I'm gonna take this cord and I'm gonna shove it right up his ass.
Okay.
Oh, Neil.
This place operates like a freaking nut house.
It really does.
I want to be left a freak alone, okay?
I'm a man and mine, but just gotta board to be made to look ridiculous.
Oh, boy.
Oh, she does their fail.
They're doing that crap again out there.
Oh, boy.
Neil God.
More power than Neil.
President, say, man, I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world.
Oh, my God, they're not doing that thing at all.
This place.
We talk about the wheels of progress.
We used to say they moved slowly with cocks here.
They move in reverse.
These people are so slow, so ponderous, baby.
Even Lauren Green never saw anything so ponderousy is this place.
W-I-O-D.
It's a party out there.
Hey, let's eat out Italian tonight.
No, let's eat Jamaican, man.
Now you're both win with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant,
Mongea Lagansha.
Where the more you eat, the hungrier you get.
Try the Italian telly featuring the bacon lettuce and Jamaican sandwich.
It's Mongea Lagansha.
Hey, man, let me roll you a big canoy.
A big Marlibama.
Cool.
And Mongea Lagansha factony and big Curtis personally smoke all the meats we serve.
Hey, man, throw me the lighter.
I'm going back to the smoke out.
From pinstripes to rimstripes, you'll really love Mongea Lagansha.
It doesn't matter what's on the menu.
You'll want it all.
A secret blend of herbs and spices.
Well, mostly herbs.
Eat up.
That's it, I'll join.
We'll Jamaican more.
Yaman.
OK, 119 and W.I.D.
Happy Friday to you.
So what I say, we still have two of piles left.
We have dose.
Uno?
Solemento.
Oh, yeah, no, two counting the one that you had in there.
OK, we got, OK, I won't forget to give you a pass along my crap.
OK.
Anyway, here's four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Karen Kay, welcome back.
OK, great.
Thank you, Walter.
Two open lines in Broward, 7679463.
Oh, wait a minute.
How many piles do I say?
Three now.
Here's the Mimey Springs.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you mentioned the prisoner.
I'm on a previous show.
You said you had a malt tape.
Yeah.
How would you get that?
I mean, where can I get that?
What do you mean, where can you get it?
As a matter of fact, Gary Bruce, our former program director
many years ago was a big fan of that show, which amazes me,
because I thought it was much too dumb to understand it.
But he gave it to me.
And the tapes too.
Is there any way I can get a copy of those?
I saw a couple of shows really late at night.
Yeah.
And I can never find it on any time,
except like three in the morning.
Unless the video store be a pedal in them, I don't know.
No.
Maybe we'll find out.
Somebody will call.
Hey, did you see about who's going to be in a missing
university?
No, I did not.
And Rikki.
Well, that's right.
He is.
You're right.
It's a week from, when is it?
I think it's May 16th.
May 16th or 15th or 14th.
That's right.
And Rikki will be on there.
And he looked OK in a promo to me.
So he's going to be right here at Mimey Beach.
Do I hear he lives here?
Oh, he does.
He lives out at Bay Point or one of those hot shot places.
So you're billboarded.
Big one on US 1 on 27.
Yes, sir.
Is it like a George Burns thing going on there?
Yeah.
Yeah, I always have one of my push.
Where you got that old God thing from?
It means what they call you God?
Yeah, right.
OK, have a great day.
We have an open line in day 622.
Just call me George Burns.
OK, I'm going on 100.
Started out this morning, 54, going 100 now after calls like that.
Thank you so much, sir.
We have an open line of Broward 7679463 767WID.
Here is the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes.
Hey, this is Jason.
What's up?
Hi, Jason.
How you doing?
OK.
Hey, I was wondering if I can get a request.
Yes.
If the Donald Duck.
Yeah.
Having sex.
Having sex.
Yeah.
It's only your imagination, Jason.
Oh, it's been, can I get my imagination on Donald Duck?
Yes, you can.
OK, thank you, Neil.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
See, I'll rev it up to you.
What do you want?
Oh, my God.
If you're so good, oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh, my God.
Oh, you're close, my boss.
Play with my boss.
Oh, that feels so good.
Yeah, just roll them around.
They're so good.
Oh, my God.
I love it, we do.
Oh, oh, shit.
Oh, yeah.
Well, move.
I'll go get to the car.
OK, 122.
Thank you so much.
We have an open line in Broward, 7679463, 767.
Here's Sunrise on a mobile.
Hello.
Get up, dude.
When is Todd today's?
I was just out at Sogrest, and I wanted to stop for a little lunch.
I made a mistake at Sogrest that Wendy's there.
Yeah.
I don't understand what goes on in that place.
Either today.
So now you're even.
Now you're on even terms.
I should have went next door to that other chicken place.
It's a boy with Tropicong.
Right.
You were talking earlier.
I know you don't want to talk much sports today.
Why not?
But Chef Field.
Yeah.
They put a full, baby.
204.
Yeah, but the key is they put a stat up after the 7th inning
when the game's on the line.
He's hitting a buck 77.
All right, 177.
177 demands making $60 million, $10 million a year,
or some outrageous thing like that.
And he's hitting like 200 basically.
Right.
The other day, I'm away home from the game.
I happened to catch a little Karen unnamed there.
Yeah.
And her thing was bringing back the 70s TV shows, which one?
Oh, God.
And guess what?
Oh, God.
He said the only one that she couldn't remember it.
People were calling up and naming all these shows.
And she didn't remember hardly any of them.
And then she asked, as long as they bring back chips,
I'll be happy.
Oh, she should have been here this morning.
She and Erica Strata could have eloped.
That's what made me think about that.
Yeah, Mrs. Strata could have run off with it.
Friend of mine was out a couple of maybe one
of the Panthers played one of the last road games there.
And he said he was out on the establishment.
And all the coaches stopped in afterwards.
Yeah.
And Brian Murray was there.
And the announcers were there also.
Yes.
And he said the bill came and Rimmer went to the bathroom.
Right, exactly.
So I told him you could play maybe that alligator on.
Yeah, we all went out for a dinner at our favorite Chinese
who not by far.
Go.
I saw Jeff Rimmer right behind me in the next adjoining
go.
He won't need over.
And that's wouldn't be all right if I joined.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Alligator on.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
He ordered up a combination, arranged up the palbot
by the time the waitress brought the check
as Rimmer shrinking down.
He could have aged for his wallet.
Even if he tried.
And I said his total came to 14.
95.
Well, he slowly started standing up.
And told his daddy really had to go.
Ask for direction to the restroom.
And he shuffled across the floor.
His arm grew longer when he turned and headed for the exit door.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
All right.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
Rimmer.
Alligator on.
It doesn't matter if I spoke to the remainder yesterday.
He said, you know, that Ruth Chris is sure a great place.
And I said, yeah, and he just kept saying that over.
That Ruth Chris is sure a great place, you know?
Yeah.
Ruth Chris, boy, sure like that.
OK, is there a hint in there or what?
But times are really tough.
OK, as a matter of fact, I wasn't going to tell a story about his roof
that his neighbor's complained that his roof was so dirty just
had to have his roof clean.
Because he's so things are so tight now, not only is the whole family on food stamps,
not only do they have to pawn that big rock that he bought feral for a birthday.
But also, oh, by the way, I think is it today?
Is today feral's a birthday?
I think it might be.
Wait a minute.
One moment please.
You see what I've just fell into that.
But also, the neighbor's threatened to evict him unless they got the roof clean.
Nice going, Rimmer.
610, double U-I-O-D.
When you turn on the radio, we're one of the stations.
You forgot to turn the radio switch on.
Uh-oh, yeah.
I had the radio switch.
There.
610, double U-I-O-D.
It's Friday, you bastard.
There are two, almost those happy seniors.
They will show, will show happy when you come through their back door.
And those, almost defeated by the poor, they met in Tijuana.
Well, reach it for the soul.
Hit, hit, hit.
So, most episode 1, yes and no.
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
Those happy seniors, they much, much, much, happy when you come through their back door, they're those, almost they hope you come again, the see you much later when they see you in the end
They're throwing the chicken over here
Okay, 132, a WIOD almost at the end of another long excruciating week, we'll get there, trust me, just hang on real tight, we'll get there
We still have two dose, those, those almost and those, uh, turtles, okay, okay, I see here's hi alia, hello
Hi alia
Oh my god, they're not having another one of those cock fights over there already hi alia
Okay, see ya
Open line in day 622-9463, here's Halendale, hello
Hi Neil, yes sir, first time listen to first time quality, whatever you say, I believe you, yep
I was, I was a, a hockey fan since before I was born, my father and father are at the game a ranger game a ranger game
Yeah, I was born, uh-huh
I used to sit in 106, I had pair, I had season tickets for the first two years and I dropped them, yeah, why is that?
Well, I couldn't stand all the walking back and forth in the beer and every time a goal was scored
I never saw it, they all jumped up in front of me, there's a guy, he never saw it. I never saw it
I stay home and I see the replays five times now, yeah, it's much better there you go let me tell you something I think George is great
Don't ever get rid of George. He's not going over except the other place. Okay, good
I heard a I heard a request this morning that was great. I'm walking yeah
Could you play it again? I just might okay great. You have a child left for me?
Yes, I do as a matter of fact hang on and we'll we'll put out to you. Thank you hold on line five said that in New York or what he deserves
I'm fucking across the street
I'm fucking it cons and my feet I'm schlepping
Who's loy me's kosher the faye?
I'm waving my fucking cane I'm making that traffic wait time watching all the goyums stop for me
In an hour I'll get to the other side I have some rigour morning, but I still won't die
I have no teeth in my body's decay with miracles paint my thing out of my legs still I'm walking in my jelly shoes
They're yelling you out to cock a jewel and I'm walking
Show cock the hoist to you you past it you
Oh
Okay, we have an open line of data if you move real quickly now we have only one pile left a 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 if somebody would have said to me
When I walked in here this morning, you're gonna be given away a bunch of crap today. I'd look to them and said yeah
I would have said see
Here's North Miami Beach hello Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to ask you something were you at the Rascal House yesterday with Mitch and Brett?
No, I was not oh, I would just want to solve you there
Listen Brett whom huh who's Mitch and Brett?
Between no, I was not no no all right show them okay
Oh my god was at the rascal house. Yeah, maybe maybe if they paid me like 10 grand to go over there, okay the rascal house
Open line and date 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 6 2 2 W I would another nosy Jew
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how's it going?
Neil okay, sir. Yes, sir. I got to hearing about what you were talking about those baseball players and here's my view on it
Okay, let's see paid according to how they hit yeah, you don't hit you don't get paid there you go
So Gary Schiffy was always big money now these damn contracts and these stupid
stupid lawyers and yeah
Stupid goddamn owners. Oh, yeah, and then and you can also get the broom out for the heat because they're going okay
And could I get a shameless request? Yeah actually, too. I'd like to hear my cat fell in the well
Yeah, and could I sign up for some crap could you sign up for it? Can I go on hold for some? How about if you just hang on for it
I would if you hang on real tight yet. It's just like life. Okay, hang on take it easy. He's hanging on online for for some crap
And that's all a crap we got by the way
We love feeling up to say I
Look for my pussy, but my pussy was there
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well. Oh
First push push push push
Get it get it get it get it get it get it get it get it
Well, I got a letter and I climbed down to my bed
I find a jiffy that my
Puss was so good with
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well
Oh push push push push
Push push push
Get it get it get it get it get it get it my cat fell in the well
But down the whole battle
What she pushed and it she jump
Then once a kidy half as pretty as pussy that fell in the well
Then ever was a pussy that could quite compare with her
Pretty as a picture with her long and silky
well
Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the well
Oh, push push push push push push
Get it get it get it my cat fell in the well
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trade our sell
Never let her wander or she might fall in well
I like it
Well, well, well, my cat fell in the well
Oh push push push push
Get it get it get it get it my cat fell in the well
137 and W I O D so we give it away all the crap we've got we have no more crap for you man
So now we're on our own we got 22 perilous minutes to see we make it till two as all of our crap is gone
Here's Cooper City on the mobile. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing today great? All right. Have a good weekend. Okay. Thank you
Okay, there's a guy that didn't want to hang up. He just wanted some crap. We don't have no more crap at least blow it out his ass
Okay, we have two open lines in Broward 767 we have one in date 622 W I O D
Here's Pembroke Pines on a mobile hello
Okay
bad phone
Bad phone real bad phone call me back on a real phone. Okay bad phone. Sorry
Okay, here's all of what we got here. I never thought this guy would get any who was like behind 500 people. Hello
It's the enough of the sucking guy I've been able to call you because I'm on the run you're running you got the runs
Yeah, don't tell William Milford Charles Henry your shorts the turd. He's got this hang up about wetbacks
Oh really yeah, well tell him I can watch him. Okay. I can watch his back if he wanted to all right
Hey, what I wanted to ask you is I don't want any crap. I'm already teaching out of the crap. I can yeah
I was wondering if there's any way possible before I head to the motherland if I have two requests I got two shameless requests
Yes, okay. Oh before I go. I can give you the request first. I'm all for the self. I'm all dug up by
Elbister Michael and he's a weirdo
Huh if you can okay and
Today that's the day of your door is wetting okay before I go I was gonna tell you that I was having a
I was having a session with a friend of mine. She's listening to me right now
So and at the end you know what she said I
Papa Juan Carlos
Right here. Okay. Good morning. There he goes. What do they say? I don't the one he's talking about is not the same as all F-Dup
What is that call if I could get dug up? Oh if I could get dug up see
I would hate to play the wrong thing especially for him since he's only like about two minutes away from the slammer
Oh
We fleece a Marie now we got a pervert up the family tree
Spending in my grave and I'm about to throw up I kick his ass if I could get dug up
Oh
Oh
My legs are
Cold in the grave I got a nasty calm looking a pops pop in my butter cut by boss's ass
If I could get dug up
Hmm
Well a break is jaw and giving to black ass and nose was swept to its original size
I bleach his skin till he's all gone abandon
Over while a chip looks on so do me a favor it but you love me bring a back hole to the cemetery
There's a llama love and pedophile. I got a beat up, but I can't
Brack them
Somebody
Yeah
What I saw on the news is hard to believe Michael Jackson just married my lease a marie's a weirdo
Baby that's no
Because of there's one thing that she don't need to some more tabloid publicity with the weirdo
He's a weirdo. I guess that I don't understand
No, she won't a man
This guy
No
Guy in like you
He ain't got no
But I just cannot turn my head. I really think he's gay boy
He's a girl in men with a plastic nose trumpet pants is round in a panty hose is a weirdo
He's a weirdo
Well now being dead ain't so bad cuz he won't ever get to call me dead
He's a weirdo
Connick let her die
He's a weirdo
142 a w i didn't notice they got a new picture of Michael Mayo on his sports column in the scum Sentinel
And guess what they're probably changing the picture because they're too embarrassed to show the real guy
All these articles about the heat every day. It's about the heat the heat this the heat that they heated this and when popes full of crap
They didn't choke they're gonna lose again
Still no apology to our good buddy David H
No apology Michael Mayo, so no matter which picture you try to put in there to remain anonymous and ain't gonna help okay because we all know that you're
143 a w i o d the heat's got him boiling tonight's the big night, baby the heat and the connects and
A candle Toyota they got him rolling to they make it incredible deals this weekend candles got prices that absolutely
Will not be beaten anywhere like brand new
1997 Tursells from just
99-91 brand new
1997 Corollas from just 10,000 991
Beautiful new Tacomas 97 Tacomas from just 10, 7, 91 and a brand new
Camry with Roman comfort and all kinds of good stuff just 15,000 991
You're not gonna get prices like these anywhere in the universe and you sure won't get Mark Jacobson either
So head for candle Toyota on us one just out the day land and boy about that TV show
Mm-hmm prices include all rebates and incentives on approved credit quantities limits are hurry on down to
candle Toyota
610 double do i o d where you sit through this I went out of my nut I fell on my pump I couldn't believe it
There were fintieth to get to this I don't think sterilization is going to become
Popular but homosexuality is our only chance for survival in our future generation God bless the homosexual Phil thanks for calling
W I a G
Service of the wacky company
610 double do i o d 610 double do i o d every call we take brings you closer to FM
610 double do i o d hey hang this up baby
Well, hey lord how do you Lloyd we're Floyd and Lloyd
Let's do some picking for all right, boy, not your nose Lloyd
Listen to my story about us good old boys we come from my labar might and we come from Illinois
We come from Carolina and from Mississippi, too. We love to choose a back again. Shout
Pick up trucks
Dear God
And mr. Tony George had a good idea
Car boys and bring them on up here will throw a big party and we'll fill up the place
Time that india have a nascar race at the brick yards that is in speedway Indiana
U.S. of A
What's that space?
Yeah, we're
A whole new breed we love Rusty Wallace and we love lake speed you can see I'm an escarp and from the back
His pants are so low you can see his butt crack
Lloyd I can see a half moon and it's broad daylight get yourself a belt
Can I put my name on the buckle?
Some nascar girls don't wear no shoes on their big floppy hooters. They got big tattoo
Mr. if you mean to certain fella from the south be careful if he tells you you got a bird in my arms
Floyd give me big hooters with big tattoos any day. Hey Lloyd look at them jiggled twins
She's got a day to learn heart tattoo right there to eat her boobies
Harry get between your legs
Hey Lloyd let them see your big trickle
Oh
I made your dick trickle tattoos
We sure had fun in india and we'll be coming back
I got myself a checkered flag it's nailed to my gun right
The brick yards in this time the soul boy has ever had
Next year I'll bring my parents mom and uncle dad
Show you new teeth Lloyd
I bought them on layl a
I got me a picture of Richard Petty and Elvis
Landy no they're just shaking hang
Hey listen what kind of a sport could have a guy a star named dick trickle a 150 a
WIOD except a redneck sport we have all the day lines open see we ran out of crap
And now the last few minutes here are going to be real perilous just like I predicted
62 to WIOD and date an open line in brow at 767 the out of time lines the audio and the lines if we just keep giving the numbers
Over and over again we'll be out of here. I'll ride
Here's hollywood hello
Here it on its own. Okay, let's go to West Palm Beach on a mobile hello. Hey Neil
How you doing great? Hey, I don't know if you got any spire reports
I don't see no the week from last weekend did anyone see Hank on TV last weekend on ESPN. I saw him
How fat can that man be gigantic sitting on that stool huge and the button is like ready to come up
Well the button the button came right through the TV said yeah
I mean it was ridiculous. Yeah, there goes there's the button. Yeah, at least they could do is like keep them from the head up
I don't know from the eighth chin up exactly. I just wanted to point out. Keep your chin up, pumper
Something have a good weekend. Okay, and be sure and spray that toilet seat
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello
Motivation. Yes. Okay, another asshole see we gave away to crap and now they have no material isn't that said isn't that pathetic
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, I'd like to request a song for my two buddies. Yeah, and Chris
Will you play prison bitch? No, I will not already played that pal
Already played it. They're killing it. They're killing at prison bitch man. They're putting that thing right in the old Husqaw
Enough with that already. Okay. We played that was our very first request of the day. They want to kill it. They want over and over and over again
Broward County wide open 7679 463 767 all request Friday
We give away a whole bunch of crap and now we come down to this
Come down to these same last few minutes always the same
Always the same they never surprise you man. Here's hi, Alia. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Okay, just woke up wondering if anyone's called you about a bigger word show last night in wiki
You much want everything really? Yeah, what show was that?
Uh channel of being teetas load nuestra's award. Yeah, you want about five or six different awards plus some of the year
Uh some of the year he got was
It's Betty and she had really use up see but uh when I'm hearing it the first time I heard it in Spanish
So I wrote it my wife you know that's the first time I got in in Spanish and when I heard it in town. Yeah
Neil show and which was better
