Caution, adult to liquids at work.
610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with you, call 622 WIOD in date.
767 WIOD in Broward.
Mobile won an AT&T wireless customer
can call toll free at pound IOD.
And now, not only across South Florida,
but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-WIOD.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
It's Friday, you best day.
We need relief from minor arthritis pain.
Dry new ultra strength gay Ben.
Are you the pharmacist?
Yes. I need something from my shoulder.
It really hurts.
I have just the thing.
Take off your shirt, I'll rub it in.
Well, I don't know with all these people.
Look, I have to show you how to use it, don't I?
Well, okay.
Just dab a little on your shoulder and start rubbing.
It's like this.
How does that feel?
You have pretty good.
Your muscles are so high.
Yeah, well, like trying to keep in shape.
I get this hard all over.
Excuse me.
Are you feeling hot yet?
And not really.
I know I am.
Look, I'm really feeling a lot better now.
It's a deep penetrating heat.
I think I'll just be on my way.
Do you like hot things that penetrate deep?
Because I know I do.
New ultra strength gay Ben.
Relieves aches and stiffness in some.
Causes aches and stiffness in others.
Okay, here we go, boys.
And girls, 10-03 at WIOD.
As we're back to remember back in the middle of October
when nothing in here worked,
we're back to that again.
On freaking believable.
I got all kinds of great stuff here for you, man.
We're ready to rock and roll.
We're ready to kick some ass.
We got rumour.
We got generate.
We got some heavy duty stuff.
And I put it all on here.
And I'm sitting here talking to Fat Boy.
And everything is working great.
And then all of a sudden, it just dies.
Oh.
Exactly like that.
Only a little bit louder.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
How is it possible?
How is it possible that we got this dragon here?
Okay.
Here it is six months later.
And nobody still knows how this stupid garbage is supposed to work.
But hey, don't get worked up about that.
How about those Panthers, huh?
Oh.
Yeah, too bad we can't play that stuff right at the moment.
This is absolutely...
What do I say?
What do you do at this point?
You just put the microphone down and walk out.
Which sounds like a good idea to me.
Wow, he planned that.
Yeah, right.
That's why I put all that stuff on tape.
That's why I sat here putting it all on that mini-disk
because it's a conspiracy, baby.
Absolutely unbelievable.
This stuff's sitting here.
It's all ready to go.
And all of a sudden, well, I just decided to die.
It just decided to take a crap right here.
And just before we go on here,
because this is Paxit Broadcasting, baby.
Where we got all this fancy, fancy stuff.
But nobody knows how to make it work.
Oh, my God.
Now we're back to that again.
That looks very nice.
I like that Windows 95.
So anyway, we'll get to that stuff eventually.
Hey, listen, what's the point?
I'm here.
I'm prepared.
I'm ready to rock and roll, baby.
I'm ready to do this stuff.
But just like for the last several months, nothing in here.
This is a joke.
This is a major league joke.
Anyway, just calm down.
What are you getting worked up about?
What the hell?
Why should I care?
You know what I'm saying?
Why should I care?
Other than I'm the one that gets to me like an asshole.
And I've always said in the past, if I'm good to look like an asshole,
I'd like to be the one that makes myself look like an asshole and I'd have somebody else do it for me.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you following me so far?
Great.
How about that Jody Hall last night, the unsung hero?
What a job of penalty killing.
What a game.
One thing about Jody, man.
Once in a while, they get him out of the lineup.
But once he gets back in there,
it takes forever to get him back out again.
Because he just does a job.
Unsung hero.
These are phenomenal.
Nothing needs to be said.
How about that hit by Lindsay on the great one on Gretzky,
put him in La La Land,
Wayne was winding over there like,
oh, where am I going?
I'm walking around in circles over here.
What am I going to do now?
Somebody actually touched me.
He didn't just touch me, flattened his needle nose, that's.
It was great.
What a night.
What a great night.
I told you the final score, three, nothing to die.
Well, five, four, three, nothing.
Same difference.
Told you we'd win.
That's what counts.
They're all there.
They've had it.
We got their number.
And that makes seven times we played them during the season
and the playoffs.
Now four wins, one tie.
No, one loss and two ties.
One loss and seven tries.
We got their number.
You got it?
That's, let's see.
What disc is that?
That's no, that's number three.
Let's see if that one works.
Howard's working feverishly over here.
He's working.
He's on his hands.
He's doing cartwheels to try to get this crap to work.
He's making it an offer.
It can't refuse.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, baby?
I'm having a panther.
Yeah.
Can you hear me all right?
Just barely.
Oh, boy.
So, seriously, we think Doth is going to take the third round tomorrow.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Yes.
Hi.
How about those panthers?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, my God, it was out the game.
It was incredible.
Incredible.
The passing.
Everything was just great.
Right on last night.
Yeah.
And I wanted to tell you something, um, Fox on right next to the Amel Coast.
The Godfather's playing there.
Oh, I know that.
I saw that in the paper.
I was going to mention that.
Your way ahead of me, right?
Oh, OK.
So, evidently, what's happening is that they're moving it around from one part of town to another.
And they have like exclusive engagements in one theater here and then one over there.
Oh, hey, how it's hitting themself on the head.
I know.
I know how it's banging themself on the head with a ball-peat pan.
Or over here, we got this one machine working.
And now, when we put the disc in it, that we want to play.
And it just died because this is Paxing Communications, baby.
We don't like carts.
They're obsolete.
Forget about those carts.
Anyway, you were saying I'm sorry.
That they've been very worked up an emotion layer because I'm trying to do a freaking radio show with stuff that don't work.
It is.
What is it?
There's only a couple on theaters that are really good that play the good shows anymore in the movie.
Yeah.
Well, that Fox sunrise, the median agent area is usually 140 though.
Oh, I know.
I know.
I went last week to see the Substance of Fire, which is also an awesome film.
To see a blue hair in there.
Oh, my God.
The theater was packed.
And here I am 20 years old.
They hear everywhere there.
Oh, yeah.
It was pretty incredible.
But let's go panthers.
It's looking great.
I don't want to alter my predictions, but I think I said panthers and six.
I'd say five now.
Oh, yeah.
Rangers look old and they look ready to be ahead.
They look like they couldn't keep up with us at all.
I think we were looking bad, especially in the third, but OK.
I'll talk to you later.
Have a great day.
Bye, bye.
I'm going to try.
OK, wait a minute.
Let me have this real quick, because it says no disc.
Wait a minute.
One moment, please.
We're doing a little experiment here.
Tray down.
OK, will this thing download?
We're sitting here.
We're praying.
We're doing a brookal right here.
We're eating matsu by the fistful.
Just try to see.
It's not going to work.
You can see that already.
It's just not doing anything.
It just does not want to download.
It doesn't want to freaking download this one particular disc.
I'll play it off the cassette.
Forget about it.
Let's forget about it.
OK, let's just blow these things up.
I'm not doing one of those mini discs.
No more.
OK, they suck.
They blow like most of the equipment in his joint.
They're like a joke.
They're a joke.
Of course, Roy thinks they look really good.
And they are.
They're impressive, man.
They look really heavy duty, but the only problem is they don't work.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I think Max sabotage the place.
Guy doubted.
I doubted.
They weren't any better when he was here.
The competitors kicked on last night.
Yeah.
What about that?
They know what's really this red one is hitting everyone.
Pick him.
Everyone's asked.
Yeah.
Everybody contrary to what my good friend on a postgame,
you're on that scat calls.
My good friend, what's his name?
Randy Moller said last night.
He said, oh, everybody on his team, you couldn't find one guy played bad.
He's right with one exception, but of course, Randy would never say it.
And that was Eddie.
Eddie.
Eddie stuck the joint out last night.
He was a liability.
In fact, one on one shift alone three times inside his own blue line.
He coughed it up and was just desperate all night long.
But other than Eddie, everybody was great last night.
This team, this is the way we did it last year with the team performance.
And how about Straca looking pretty good first game back after all,
Italy off of the Agroyne?
Straca looked pretty.
He was flying last night.
Like Davidson said, yesterday on your show, that speed is what is what we need.
That's right.
Eddie needs to sit on his ass down with Chris Wellman, the bench.
Well, what can I tell you?
Hey, when are you going to have rim on the show for hockey show?
Who?
Don't know him.
All right, near a tenter today.
Hey, stark.
Have a great day, pal.
Sure.
Okay.
Okay, let's just forget this.
I'm going to, uh, during the break, I'll cue that thing up on the, uh,
cassette deck, which is going to sound really bad and going to be not all that good,
but it's the best I can do.
Okay.
Underimpossible circumstances here.
And the best part of the thing is it was all set up ready to go.
And I take a look over here and a offline.
It just changed its mind.
We got computers in here that have a mind of their own.
Anybody out there got that?
We got computers that have a mind of their own and they just did a little around
either whatever they want.
I see broke by the way.
It's taken off a couple of days for, uh, pay soft.
How do you like that?
She's all of a sudden a professional, Julius.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
One day, two days, pay soft.
All right, nice going, sweetheart.
That's a way to do it.
Even the golem take over and a Jewish holiday.
So what the hell not?
Here's highly on a, uh, mobile.
Hello.
Okay.
Like your equipment.
Uh, Denise sucks.
Yeah, we know that.
Yeah, it's asked me let me ask you something
The crease is the blue area, right? Yes. Well yesterday on the near my goal
He's saying for the reviewing this because
The puck has to be in the crease before the player buh buh buh
So they show the replay and the puck didn't even go in the crease and
He's going down it is the puck inside the crease and you might get it in well
What would it be the puck didn't go in the crease how to get in the net from behind?
Well, no, no it's from above
About from underneath
Well, then how did it get in the net? No before
Neither my are hit it. Yeah, so he's saying well, I don't want to waste my I mean, it's a great day
We had a great would forget about him. He's he's lost. Okay. He needs a compass in a road map
He's not getting any better
He has the he adds nothing to the telecast he has no idea what he's talking about and just because somebody played the game
20 years ago, don't mean he should be on air hockey and trying to pop up up, but that's all he does talk to him
Talk to your friends in the NHL get them up in the New York
I'm we're working on it. We're saying prayers right now at paysock. We're gonna eat extra maca to get his ass out of here
Okay, I'm happy paysock and back to you happy pass over to all okay. I'm gonna pass over to I'm gonna say a
Bruchor right here for this damn machine. I
Have never seen anything like this in my life
It's just all of your you're working your freaking brains off and speaking of freaking by the way
So as usual there a lot of people came by and said hello last night, which is always nice because at the hockey games is like where the good people are and
In between the first and second period. I believe very nice lady comes down and
She tells me that she was a guest in somebody sky box up top and she came down to look to see where I sat
To say hello and she was with their 10-year-old daughter
So anyway, she gets in the elevator to come downstairs from the sky boxes and there's three guys in there in suits and they're talking and talking and talking
Obviously based on what they're talking about they're with Paxen so she tells me now
She could have just made this story up, but I have to I don't think anybody's that creative and she said oh by the way
You're with Paxen they said yes, she said I want to go down say hi to Neil where does Neil sit and a one guy
She says named Mark six foot three at your wasn't Mark Hoffman unless he's grown at your wasn't Mark killing unless he's grown
And he sure wouldn't have the balls to do this so the guy says F Neorodgers
How do you like that and she's standing there with their 10-year-old daughter?
So she says excuse me. He says F Neorodgers
She says all I want to do is go say hello and F Neorodgers a third time, okay?
remember the scene Godfather three
Where he's talking to
once his name
Michael Corleone is talking to a Vincent and what the hell was his name the Joey Zaza and
Michael Vincent tells Michael that the Joey is going around town saying F Michael Corleone and
Michael Corleone says what do we do if this is true and if someone really is going around town saying F Michael Corleone
What do we do with a piece of like that remember that what do we do with a piece of shot like that?
So if somebody named Mark who works in the a Paxen hierarchy or is related or somehow involved in his corporate
Boom doggle if someone is going around saying F Neorodgers
What do we do about him?
But a bing is what I say
What kind of crap is that so that's you give you a real good idea of the class involved in the the whole ambiance of the operation here
F Neorodgers
We used to love him of course when he got the big numbers and when he brought in all that money
But now that he's bailing out like everybody else has F Neorodgers. Okay. Well guess what F you two
one of my favorite rock groups F you two not
1014 at W.I.D. We'll get these highlights on if I have to stand on my head to do it
I got Panthers. I got Rick Generette with the Sabers. I realize he's no one then he's a bot fan but
610 W.I.O.T.
In New Jersey Shane Corson
Has what for all in the board Melody a pass for Roberts
You
Rangers are regain the shot advantage of 2119
Live virtue of their prettiest power Blake Panthers have a minute 39 remaining in there
Messier losing the draw to Kirk Fully who's roots it back to the month
Murphy for Svilla crowd in front of
They
The only well-credit. Dancing with
Davier
nothing more than that there down across the line they storm the crease like
fumble these they travel like a burning flame we see them slide the
fucking inside
the
Yashin
Beginner let's want me out on the Arabside
Again
Brooks
the bucket set the other direction.
Wilson tragic at grip.
Wilson feeding it out of satirized.
May not did it ever.
This path lucky and true.
Day away.
Where?
Where?
Right up on your left.
Right up on your right.
You go loose.
Buck.
Busting in on.
Buck left fence.
Slamming at home.
And put the law right in the lane.
Bucking in on the line.
Bucking in on the line.
Wilson's a little bit of a bump.
But giving it a gasoline.
Look down there.
Feeding it down on the whole of the sugar.
Starting to get on the line.
The fact that it's breaking free is a shock.
The Buffalo Santeres can follow.
Greenwood Choy.
Red Dipper.
Longer.
Greenwood Choy.
Greenwood Choy.
Come follow.
Old thinking where.
Lockheed players face off down the lane.
And the spending is all filled up for the chance.
And the drink.
Now the final flick of a hockey stick.
And the one gigantic stream.
The fuck is in.
The home team wins.
The good ol' hockey game.
Okay, that's enough of that hook you saw anyway.
But it's a build-in-the-breach there, well I'm telling you.
And this is so frustrating.
It's like trying to build a rocket ship with bricks and mortar.
You know what I'm saying?
It's just a little bit on the difficult side.
But hey, we'll get through it.
One way or the other in spite of this crap.
And poor Howard.
At least Howard is working feverishly to try to figure out what this is all about.
And he has no clue.
And either do why.
And either does George and either does Max.
And Max is going anyway.
Okay, let's rock and roll here, baby.
Let's have a big party in our pants.
We have an open line on the mobile one purple line.
Pound IOD.
We have two unbroward.
767 WIOD.
We have two unbroward of townlines, the Palm Beach lines, one triplet.
You know, also 106 last night.
Even Section 106 was on their best behavior.
Thanks to the fact that that Jackass, that little immature Pipsqueak from Ohio,
was sitting like someplace else.
Way upstairs on the other side.
Great.
Well, Pacius Alamey sandwich, waved in between periods.
Just stay up there.
It was a Ohio.
It was a pleasure.
106 was an award-winning section last night.
Nice going guys.
It was great.
What a night.
What a performance all the way around.
First period pretty shaky.
I would say not too great.
Not really play off hockey.
And then all of a sudden these guys just woke up and it was just like last year all over again.
Could it be happening again?
Could it possibly be?
Could it be?
He said?
I'm just going to sit here and cry for four hours today.
I'm going to sit here and just break down and cry like a child because this place is a joke.
Here's Pemberg Pines.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I can't believe you're saying you have open lines.
What's wrong with these athletes?
I should have sat down here this morning every lunch.
Of course it wasn't very helpful.
I did have a lot of calls on here but it wasn't helpful.
The equipment is all a patch keyed up and I couldn't start and do what I wanted to start the show.
But hey, I'm doing the best I can.
But hey.
These lines should be smoking.
That's right.
Hey, this is Miami.
And I'm going to tell you something.
I started to mention this a second ago.
Coming home from the game all pumped up.
It was great.
And so here's scat calls after the game, right?
Here's the rat guy who came over to see me before the game who doesn't get the message that I think he's an asshole.
Okay, the rat guy.
He's the first caller with his self-aggrandizement.
Then we get this Debbie who calls after every game.
Then there was Lou on a mobile who I wasn't there.
And that was basically it.
It's the same three or four people call after every game.
And that's very, very sad.
Very sad.
Did you happen to flip over to 610?
I heard a little bit of that.
Yes.
People you would like to bitch slap?
Oh, yeah.
That's all she kept talking to is bitch slapping.
I figured you were wanting to bitch slap her if you listen to it.
That fucking bitch.
That's all she talked about.
Exactly.
It was bitch slapping.
This one and bitch slapping that one and etc.
Is that thing in here by the way George?
Yes.
Oh, thank God.
What's it under?
Say, well, okay.
But anyway.
Any ways.
She's a weak.
Yeah.
He was, he was playing.
Everybody played great except like I said, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie was scary.
He was a grotesque and really an impediment.
But other than that, it was great.
In fact, then one asshole caller calls and says to Randy,
how come we didn't have Eddie under killing off penalties more?
And speaking of killing off penalties, I'm going to tell you something.
That's what I was doing.
When they had the five on three when Lindsay and I'm going to tell you there was a fan
and roughing penalty to Robbie.
Fraser called one of the, you know, Colin Campbell's complain about bad refereeing,
but he's right, but he doesn't understand how bad it was.
It wasn't bad because they got so many penalties.
It was bad because Fraser didn't call half of the ones that were going on it.
Kirk, Kirk, Mark got tackled twice in the crease in front of a Richter.
No call.
I mean, don't carry Fraser.
It was too busy getting his hair back in shape.
Yeah.
Did you happen to, but as I started to say before I interrupted myself,
that penalty killing on that five on three and then the rest of the four minute,
the double minor to Lindsay, that was so phenomenal.
Man, they got one shot on a five on three and a minute 45, one shot.
It was unbelievable and jody and warner and everybody.
They were great.
That was the end of the game right there.
Yeah, that's it. That's when we stuck it to him and we showed him that they didn't have a prayer.
They didn't have a Chinaman's chance.
All the rest of the game he was like the invisible man, never saw him again.
He didn't do anything.
Right.
And either did Messier either, by the way.
Did you happen to see the highlights from many of the other games when you got home?
Well, I just got through playing the Buffalo.
Did you see the Martin Brodergole?
No, I read about that.
Martin Broder scored the empty net goal from shot it down the exit the end.
That's Martin Broder, baby.
It was beautiful.
He was something.
He was surrounded and he just flipped it up over everybody's head.
Yeah.
One time and went right into the middle of the league.
And what did I tell you about Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, by the way,
and everybody saying, oh, heck's the all.
Well, guess what?
Heck's the all didn't play.
Garth Snow played and played very well, evidently.
And it was five-nothing.
And Yager got a goal late.
And we'll five-one.
But Philadelphia is going to blow them out for a straight.
Pittsburgh's got no defense.
I feel bad for Mario, but they got nothing going.
Pittsburgh, they did.
Yeah.
They won't.
They're done.
I was burning the batteries up in my remote, going back and forth in the car.
They're in the commercials.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's it.
I'm out of material.
Good luck to us, pal.
Sunday at two.
We're going to kick our ass again.
What's your four to one?
Take it to the bank.
I just had an inspiration.
Take it right to the bank.
You got it, baby.
OK.
See ya.
Open line at Broward, 7679-463.
Two in Palm Beach in Oniata Townlines.
One triple-eighths, 4749-463.
One, eight, eight, eight, 474-WIOD.
Next time, WIOD.
Miami's first work fair experiment.
Well, God.
The next time you feel a little queasy, because you ain't too much.
Don't forget the Pepto Dismaw.
I feel sick to my stomach.
Here, take some of this.
God, what is that?
The Pepto Dismaw.
Oh, gross.
It's that achy pink color.
Well, what's the matter with it?
Let's make it my stomach flipp.
But it'll make you feel better.
It's so thick and glutenous.
That's how it'll coat your stomach.
Let's say that.
But here, try some.
Oh, it smells like peppermint.
It's overpowering.
Get away from me.
Oh, it's making me feel...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
How do you feel now?
Oh, I feel a lot better.
Thanks, honey.
Hey, don't thank me.
Thank gross, hikki, being thick.
Glutenous Pepto Dismaw.
Oh, how are the babies?
Pepto Dismaw.
Metasins so disgusting, you don't even have to take it to feel better.
Can't really want a WIOD happy Friday to you.
And we hope you're having a wonderful day,
because we sure aren't here, man.
It's just a technical nightmare.
Stuff is all over the place.
Hey, but we're used to it.
We've had six months of intensive training for this day.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm great.
Good, good.
Hopefully, I think it'll be better for you down the road as far as technically speaking.
Yeah.
You would think with all of money to pack,
and as they'd be able to put a little more money into the...
No, no, no, it's not a question of putting more money into it.
It's a question of putting stuff in here that we wanted.
But of course, when we moved over here,
he was the expert and didn't bother talking to us,
and no matter what it was, we wanted.
He knew better, okay?
No.
To put a bunch of very fancy, very expensive looking stuff,
it's not a shortage of money.
It's a question of being stupid.
See, there's a big difference.
You can spend all the money in the world,
but if it doesn't work right,
or the people don't know how to make it work,
and it doesn't do what you need it to do,
then it's just a waste of money.
And that's one thing they know how to do very well here,
is flush it down the toilet and the money, too.
Yeah, that's true.
Right.
Well, good luck down the dial and go Panthers.
Okay.
We'll talk to you.
Thank you. That was great.
Okay, an open line at day 622, one at Broward, 767.
One on the mobile, one purple line.
Like the guy said,
how is this possible this morning?
After last night,
after this incredible euphoric experience,
and I come in here to equipment
that doesn't work in an audience that's still
there, is a door now,
and I'm going to be honest with you,
if it weren't for the towels last night,
if it weren't for the towels,
that for a playoff game,
that crowd was a little bit lacking, you know what I'm saying?
It was enthusiastic,
but not like playoff,
but nothing like last year in the playoffs,
I'm going to tell you that right now,
and if we wouldn't have had the towels going to make it look different,
it would have been just like your ordinary Rangers Panthers game.
With the exception, of course,
that thank God for this season,
whether the games all be in sold out,
you notice how few Ranger fans that were in there
because they can't get the tickets?
Thank the Lord, Halle Looja.
It's enough to make you get religion.
They can't get the tickets.
So unlike the first three years,
when every time we played the Rangers during the regular season,
40% of the people in the crowd were in those ugly Rangers uniforms.
Last night, there were just a smattering and scattering
of Ranger Red, White, and Blue in there,
and mostly black and blue by the end of the game,
and what a shame that is,
huh? Too bad, you can't get in.
And quite frankly,
you probably wouldn't want to be there anyway.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I went to my first hockey game last night.
Yes?
And it was amazing.
It was great.
Don't get carried away, Howard.
That ain't working. That's the wrong disc.
Anyway, I'm sorry. Yes?
Here's your first game.
You sure picked a great night.
Yeah, I did. Didn't I?
I got a free ticket last night from my friend,
and I jumped on it.
Yeah, and the game too.
Yeah, and we got to get rid of Eddie.
Fight him for somebody.
Are you late now?
Fight him for a bench warm.
Too late now. The word is out.
By the way, how'd you like Chris Wells' performance last night?
He was impressive.
He was great.
I love them.
He's not the best he played all year.
Setting up on the band.
Yeah.
He must have been way up there on the high wire
instead of Stanley's he panthered.
Exactly.
Anyway, yeah.
Great idea for the rat guy, by the way.
You know that asshole that runs around with the rat outfit?
Uh-huh.
I think what we ought to do
is since he wants to be Stanley C. Rat,
is have him, you know, at the beginning of the game during the season
how Stanley C. comes down at high wire from way up above.
Let's have him come down there before the game on Sunday.
I think that it worked.
And if it just happens to snap as he gets about halfway down there,
wouldn't that be a shame?
Anyway, I get the San Boney out there, clean it up.
That's what I tell you.
I've felt my first hockey game.
I loved it.
And you do any request today or?
What do you want Peltz?
I'll request Friday.
Okay. The Dave Games song.
Okay, you got it.
Have a great day.
And we'll see you.
Open line of day at 622,
one and Broward 767.
Palm Beach and the rest of the world.
They don't care.
All of both open.
One triple eight, four seven, four nine, four six three.
Unbelievable.
See, it's also great.
And one of these days we'll find somebody knows how to download
the stuff off the disk in there to the, here it is six months later.
Oh, yeah, we can get your print out of all the stuff
while anybody know how to do that.
No, but see, so they bought a lot of very fancy looking stuff like I said.
But nobody, even the people who invented it,
who manufacture it, they don't know how to make it work.
So how are we supposed to use it?
But hey, you don't ask a lot of tough questions
because this is Paxton Broadcasting, man.
Here's, I'll email you the answers.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was, I guess, what you would call within the game last night.
Yes.
After you played those calls from the Buffalo,
I suppose radio announcer.
No, that's the TV announcer, Rick Jenner Redd.
Chris Moore is the worst.
You're, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You're comparing Chris Moore to Rick Jenner Redd?
I know, I'm saying after I heard the call that you just played,
it made me so intense.
Yeah.
Because I was stuck at work last night.
I had to listen to it on the radio.
And it was just the worst.
They wouldn't let Chris Moore into Rochester
to do the Amherst games in the A.H.L.
That's how we key is.
Well, see, he thinks that just by bumbling and fumbling around
during the game, and then when we score a goal,
screaming hysterically and yelling that that's played by play hockey,
unfortunately, that's what Christopher thinks.
And it's very sad.
You have to describe the action.
You have to make the game exciting.
You have to build up the excitement.
You can't just be mumbling.
And then all of a sudden start screaming and coherently
because we scored a goal.
That's not how you broadcast a sporting event.
But hey, what am I?
Who am I talking?
You know, all we heard about last night is how a Randy Mueller scared a heights up on the catwalk.
That was all we heard about.
We didn't hear nothing about that.
Wonder if Stanley C. Rat is scared to heights.
Let's find out someday.
Yeah, I hope so.
Anyway, go Panther.
Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news.
Sorry.
You had to be subjected to that.
Two open lines in day.
Six, two, two, nine, four, six, three.
It's all request Friday.
We're going to have a bonfire in the backyard by the way, Georgia.
Do you like the cylinder?
We're going to take a couple of the minifist players.
Some of the other equipment.
If you want to see fat action, you can wear a set of game.
T-Waste 500 pounds.
She's a mile around the game.
He'll eat high for fried rice and flat hands.
Divide.
He's a travel with the rich.
He's twice as size as fat rich.
Divide.
And with all of that dirt, he really takes the earth.
Dave Gain.
Fat is fat and just fat in the name.
Dave Gain.
This is Diana Morgan.
We're taking you down to a special report from Dave Gain.
All you can eat, fucks aes.
Are they his advertised?
Dave?
Thank you, Diana.
We're here at the local sizzler.
And have gone undercover.
Uh, Dave, undercover.
That's right, undercover.
I'm approaching the all you can eat salad bar for the seventh time.
Sir, don't you think you had enough?
No, I thought this was a buffet.
Yeah, but...
Yeah, but nothing.
Did you want to see huge 36-section new Dave Gain?
Yeah, he's 10 feet wide.
He's even bigger than Jeff Hutt's Dave Gain.
Kurt Tuggy Brass eats a pot with no slice.
Dave Gain.
Okay, that's it.
You eat almost everything.
Where are you from?
Let's go.
I'm dumb.
I have another job.
I'm my drummer.
I'll call all of them.
Shade, shave, shave.
Oh!
Shade love you.
1038 and WIV.
He's a legend.
He's a monster in the 53-inch TV business.
We have two open lines in Dave 622, WIOD.
Palm Beach, Yotter Townlines.
Forget it.
Don't waste your time, Annick.
Oh, and guess what?
It's era of paysock.
What are you getting all excited about?
Just relax.
I forgot about that.
It's Passover coming up this weekend.
They're all out there in a way to sloy means to get to free
Moths's and the Gafilta fish.
Forget it.
Relax.
Even the Goyama are eating Moths's this year.
Here's Haya Leah.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
I just found out two packs of your lies.
Okay, great.
Go out.
Give them a big kiss for us.
All the day lines are open.
622-9463.
622-9463.
All the day lines are open.
Is there anybody from the Ranger organization?
Is there anybody connected with the NHL?
Is there anybody including Dave Hyde?
Is there anybody connected with sports in general?
Or just the real world within?
I mean, I realized Tiger Woods was not in the game last night.
Okay, which is probably why we're not getting the kind of response you'd expect here.
Tiger Woods did not play in the game.
In fact, there was no black guys in the game last night at all.
So obviously, why would we want to talk about that?
Jackie Robinson did not play.
Bill Cosby, nor his dead son.
They didn't play.
Tiger Woods didn't play.
Jesse Jackson didn't play.
So what's the point of talking about it?
Okay.
In addition to which we got the big draft this weekend.
Which this town.
We're driving down here last night.
We're driving out of the game.
There's Kim by Saw Kim, but by the way in front of the arena last night going in.
How you doing, Volkamp?
Are you okay in my book?
And gave him a big wave and he got all excited and I just kept walking because you know, I'm not on that station yet.
But at any rate, so he was in there and he's talking of course he's outside the arena.
It's before the start of the playoffs.
The first call I hear is.
Well, you think the dolphins are going to run.
Oh, Jesus.
Talk about freaking one dimensional.
It's the middle of April for Christ's sakes.
It's the middle of freaking April and some jackasses worried about are the dolphins going to trade a guy with a large whatever it is.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, what are we talking about over here?
Not of course that Kim would have any answers about hockey, but at least he was putting on a good act anyway.
But I mean, what are we talking about over here?
Talk about one dimensional.
We got the rat guy on there in that Debbie.
I'm going to beat that broad.
I'm going to beat the snot out of her head every game she feels compelled.
She's got a we don't want you have nothing to say Debbie.
We don't want to hear you anymore.
Okay.
Every game on a way home.
I got to hear Debbie with some inane comment about this Mike Madonna really have a big penis.
We don't care.
We don't.
Here's we do.
Here's a mobile and curl springs.
Hello.
Yeah, it's become fashionable to be a pants fan.
What is that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
My my sour and my sour grapes.
Ranger fan.
What is that?
I don't know.
I'm a pants fan.
Yeah.
You sound like you're from the York to me.
We've been moving.
You sound like you're from the York to me.
Doesn't matter.
I want every pants that came where she actually came.
I came in smaller tickets this year.
Yeah.
And it polluted the quality of the fans at the point where I'm TV all I hear is, hey, rats,
you saw.
They were right last night.
They have a, you see if you say it often enough, you're going to be right.
They were right last night.
Carrie Fraser was brutal.
So if you keep saying it sooner or later, you're going to be right.
Yeah, yeah.
No, but you're right.
There's a lot of people in there.
You're right.
I see your point.
You're right.
The people who really understand the game, the people who want to go there and have a good
time, they can't get tickets.
And a lot of those people are in there.
They're clueless.
You're right.
I'm begging Barron trying to steal a ticket.
I can't get it.
Yeah.
And that's, you know, that's why the, the, the, the, the exclusivity.
It's out there.
It wasn't there.
It wasn't there last night.
Not like last year.
Nothing like it at all.
You should have been in my pants yesterday.
Oh, man.
A lot.
It was growing.
It was growing in my house.
I was yelling at the screaming.
I just wish I could have been there so bad.
You don't know.
Me too.
Okay.
I pay anything to get there.
Knock off somebody outside the arena Sunday.
We'll see you there.
Okay.
Grab their ticket.
We have an open line in day six, two, two.
What's in the box, by the way?
Is that Brad Pitt's head?
We don't know.
We got a box in there, which, uh, maybe it's a new, uh, some new equipment.
Maybe it's a new, uh, many display.
Boy, I can't, but if that particular display, by the way, if that one, uh, destructs, I think
it's a commie plot.
That one, I got more great stuff on that thing, which I'll never, ever have again.
Uh, there's Adam with a big smile on his push.
He was there last night.
He was there.
He said, I'll ride those Rangers really suck and boy, do I hate them?
Do I hate them?
And I'm going to tell you there was a one man standing ovation when Billy Lindsay nailed
Gretzky in the corner there.
The formerly great one when he nailed him.
I got up and said, yes.
I was screaming my guts off because right now, early in the game, we were standing around watching him,
watching me at that one shot in the first period.
Bees are made a tremendous save when they were out shooting the stand to one tremendous
save by the bees are a bullet shot because he could wind up like our cannon because there was
nobody near him.
We were standing around full strength.
No power play for New York at that point, but standing around watching the great one.
Okay.
And like I've told you before, all you got to do is nail his weasley ass one time, just nail
him one time and he walks around holding his head.
Oh, I got a headache.
Somebody touched me.
He's not used to that.
Okay.
You can't handle it.
He's a pussy.
He's a pussy is what he is.
So Lindsay decked him in a second period there and from that point on arrest of the game,
nobody called his number.
He was as useless as a dead man.
He was worse than Tim Horton laying out dead on a blue line there.
In fact, Tim Horton would have been more effective.
At least he would bring the donuts.
1044 at WIOD.
Do you think we're going to make that worker one?
No.
I think it is.
The disc is shot.
Oh my God.
Did you hear that, George?
The disc is shot.
Somebody shot the disc.
Probably a Paxon plot no doubt.
Anyway, it's 1044 at WIOD.
Well, you know what they say, F. Neill Rogers.
That's what they say around here.
Well, you got to find out from somebody on the inside whom Mark might be.
6-3 corporate asshole or maybe part of the family.
I just checked the list.
Yeah.
The list of extensions and there are only two marks.
And who are they?
Mark Hune.
And Mark Hoffman.
Well, they're two shrimpy guys.
I mean, Mark Hoffman does say F. Neill Rogers, but that's out in the hallway here.
He wasn't at Nohockey again.
And Mark Hune.
Oh, he don't have the balls to say that even in private.
Even under his breath, he wouldn't say that.
610 WIOD.
It's Friday, you bastards.
Yeah, I'll do all through Sabo in a flakas and then I want you to hop inside my company car.
I've got the pictures and taxis neat down on my hand.
I'm going to make a Uranio star.
I'm going to say, Bob, baby, I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm going to make it something you are giving that for.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your Sub헌a Boneya Boneya Boneya Boneya Boneya.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spatier laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser.
I'm your consultant woman.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spatier laser laser laser laser laser laser laser laser.
I'm your consultant woman.
Operation here man, it's beautiful. Here's a Davy. Hello.
Dr. Rydus. Yeah. Hey Neil, what's up? Listen, um,
how come I can't hear these collars George? I'm on bad pay for can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. Let's talk a couple of things.
I do you have your bark bag ready? Do I have my what your bark bag ready? Yeah. Okay. Here we go.
I'm in a 711 yesterday in plantation and they're respoking the magazines. Guess who shows up on the cover of GQ?
Take a while. I'll get Roy. Not well close. It's a tiger mania. Oh no. Oh my god. You're right. You're right.
Next, next look for the movie. Next look for the book and you heard. Hey, listen up. Um,
then I'll be heavy on as episode of Ellen. He'll be coming out. Oh,
bottom of the good Friday, which I want him to go back in. Listen, um, a couple things I'll ask you.
Seriously, I'm curious is yet it's an official language like Hebrew or is it like a slang? It's a,
uh, it's a, uh, you know, it's a hybrid. It's a dialect. It's a hybrid. It's not really.
Wouldn't be considered an official language. It's a dialect. No, it's not a dialect. It's a hybrid.
I mean, if you were to Israel, if you start talking, I mean, it's not official language, right? No.
Okay. No, he was the official language. Right. Right. Right. Right. Okay.
Listen, also, they still say Cox a hoist when they see the herbs. They know how to deal with them.
Oh, don't think Cox again, please. Listen up. Um, another thing I want to ask you to, uh, everybody
listen to this out of my voice. Tell your homes and move over to this game park.
I have a pork or pull me over about two weeks ago and guess what he gave me a ticket for? What is that,
sir? An improper display of life. Great. Now, now I'm curious. Must be the safest place in town.
That's what I'm, you know, but I had to buy my time. I didn't want to get smart ass
writing things. That's an officer. I mean, I have one of those cars with the windows of flat, right?
Yeah. It's even easier to see. But anyway, that an awful lot of problems, man.
It's good. It'll keep you out of the streets. Keep you busy.
Yeah. I feel like they obviously want to give our ticket to these assholes using
cell phones, they're a bigger threat to traffic. They're me and my license tag that are sticking straight
up. I mean, it's just unfriken, believable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go weekend. Okay.
Okay. Go wash out your mouth, disgusting. I had one in my mouth once.
We have two open lines in the out of townlines. One triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three, one, eight, eight, eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three,
Palm Beach and the rest of the universe, the audio net people, the out of townlines, this town is smoking. It's on fire.
It's not. It should be. It damn well. Should be. I'm going to play that song.
I'm going to do it. But you like it or not. So you wake up.
We love you, Panther. Yes, we do. All right.
The way you skate is more which reminds me, by the way, you notice rumors got this new deal, which I would have played that,
but I was so distracted because I don't play it off the cassette because our mini disc died and the equivalent
here's all fallen about it's Oscar, as they say in some language, pig Latin, Oscar, bro,
but at any rate, so he's doing is all right. What is that all about? It's Jeff Manditz, Jr. All right.
All right. Boy, oh, boy. Is he a butch enough or what? I mean, he ain't no Rick, generate, but what can I tell you?
Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. How you doing? Great. Listen, I don't mean to put a damper on your parade, but one game does not a series make.
Oh, give me a break. So in other words, we can't celebrate. Is that what you tell me now? Absolutely. Absolutely.
But I want you to do it one game at a time. Man, that's the way we do it. One game at a time. I'm celebrating. Nobody's going to pee on my parade.
All right. But listen, you promise that if Sunday goes the opposite way, you play the Ranger's goals and you keep them going.
I know what you're orchestrating the show now. No, I'm not. I just want to arrange your goals on this show. I want fair. You must be hallucinating. No, there is no fairness on this show. This is a one-sided show. This is a Panther show when it comes to hockey.
Listen, like I said, it's a Maple Leaf show or is there? I'll tell you one thing Maple Leafs didn't lose no games. And you know who was it the game last night?
A Leaf? Cliff Fletcher. Oh, no, scouting. I saw it. No, scouting. He's hanging out. He's trying to hide. He's trying to get out of town from Toronto.
They're going to Bushwack him up there. Cliff Fletcher. I saw him with his young wife up there last night before the game or his girlfriend, whoever it was.
And I'm going to tell you I was I was restraining myself from just screaming at him. Thanks for ruining my team, you asshole.
For nothing. Cliff Fletcher. They let him in the arena because his son works for the team.
For nothing. Listen, nobody's talked on it this morning. What I had to switch over and watch the Pittsburgh Flyer game.
Well, well, now why would you waste your time with that? I can't listen. I can't listen. Those two muppets do the show anymore.
It's pathetic. Who's that? Who are the two muppets? You mean doing the Panther game? You got it. Oh my god.
And you're not going to stunk. Yeah. I'm going to bring him in there this morning. Are you? Who?
Rimmer? Who said he's coming in here? I thought you said earlier. You got to bring him in.
But he's not. First of all, you give me instructions on how to do the show. Then you tell me that Rimmer can't come in here.
Please don't do that. That's a good point. I don't do that. Rimmer's Buchin' up. He did a good job last night.
What was wrong with those three goal calls? They were fine. He did a good job. Yes, he did. What game? Did you watch this real early in the morning?
The three I didn't watch the game because I was there. But the calls on the three goals were fine. They were excellent. Oh god. Okay.
What was wrong with them? I mean, he's no Chris more. I understand. I'd rather bring Danny, Danny Gallivan back and just.
Well, Danny ain't coming back. You're living in a ball. This is the same guy we had on here yesterday. Oh, Colman inducing. Get out of here. Go away.
It's like talking to the rat man and at the Debbie brought again. Go away. The same three or four people. Go away.
Let's cancel the rest of the playoffs. This town doesn't deserve this team. They know nothing about it.
Open line at day 622, one and Broward, 767. You know what I say? F, Michael Corleone. That's what I say.
And the Paxon people too. F them. Don't get weird on us. It's only radio.
610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. Okay, we have the answer to our mystery. It didn't take very long.
We got a spy report from the other building. The Paxon headquarters building down there in North.
Bud Paxon's son-in-law is very tall and his name is Mark and was it the game last night?
In fact, someone I won't mention who it was earlier this morning suggested that's who it probably was who was going around.
Here's a very nice list of ours with their 10 year old daughter in the elevator and this asshole is saying F. Nia Rogers, huh?
George or me or whoever it is. You can tell you a fake fat fucking.
A.C.F. He has no way to talk religion because he is a bag of.
Oh, what presents a bar of thinking?
Nothing makes you feel more like a woman than the romantic sensation of silky lingerie.
That touch of satin as you slip on a pair of thong back bikinis. A soft stretch garter built with stockings or a black lacy camisole.
Oh my goodness. I've never felt so womanly.
Victor's secret, the catalog for cross-dressers.
I haven't been this excited since Alex Trebex had put your hands on your buzzers.
Victor's secret, nothing makes you feel more like a woman.
Oh really? 1103 at WI-D, well you're the one who put it in there.
We have an open line at day 622-29-4636-22-WI-O-D, one on the out of town line,
one, triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three, one, eight, eight, eight, four, seven, four,
four, WI-O-D, Mark Budpax and Sunnallah is the one that's going around.
I wonder how that goes over with the family, huh?
San Eiffony, a rouges, the people which he don't even know who he's talking to,
which he might have been somebody very important, which he was because he was one of our listeners.
How do you like that?
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yes, good morning.
Yes sir. Buenos dias, to you.
Likewise, I think maybe Harold Ballard deserves a little bit of credit for the team's demise there.
But Harold Ballard's been dead for 500 years already. What are you talking about?
Well I'm just saying, you know, you blame Cliff Letcher.
Cliff Letcher built it up for two great years. We went to the final four, two years in a row
within a breadth of the Stanley Cup finals and you're telling me that Harold Ballard's
responsible for disassembling the team and Gertrude of Andrew Chuck and Gilmore and
I'm not disagreeing with you in the league.
Dave Ellet and Todd Gil and everybody and Sylvain LaFave. What are you talking about sir?
You don't know your maple leaf.
Well, the fact you've taken leaf of your senses.
Well, in fact, Mr. Ballard, I think had the team in the dumps for quite a few years.
But that's a lot. That's engine history.
Where now all you guys that want to live in the past get into the at least 20th century.
All right, let me get into the 20th century.
Cliff Letcher destroyed the team. He killed him.
Okay. He killed him while all those janitors were busy molesting little boys.
He was busy disassembling the team. Look at the other way.
Okay.
Nice going Cliff. You asshole. You white here. Jackass.
I hate Cliff Letcher.
I'm not a leafsator. Please.
So what are you talking about?
Well, it was just an aside.
I really wanted to get out of the meat of the matter. Let's go.
Okay. The last thing that happened.
The last night was terrific.
It was great. This town. These people should be moist.
They should be peeing in their pants right now.
And it's the same old crap with this crowd.
God, what's wrong with these people?
What does it take? Do you have to light a fire under their ass?
Well, I don't know. And again, I we didn't just destroy them.
We wreck them.
I wonder where some people too are coming from when they say that one of the other
callers in the post game show had remarked on what a great came Jovenosky play.
Yeah, right. And how come he was not there killing off penalties?
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
If they'd put him out there on a five on a five on three,
it would have been a five on two immediately with him out there.
Exactly.
He's killing us.
He's skating around in circles.
He can. I don't even want to talk about him.
He makes me very, very angry.
What I want.
Very angry.
What I wanted to bring up though on the on the converse is guys like ret warmer.
Cut right. Warner. There's a there's a player, man.
Okay.
There's a player. What a game. He played.
What a game. Spayla played in Murphy.
Everybody on that team right down the list for
Garpentlaw and everybody and struck a man was flying last night.
He was smoking up and down the ice.
But for some reason, unless a guy gets into the scoring column,
he doesn't get a star for the game.
Well, how many stars can you give?
We could add 10 stars in that game last night.
I honestly think the Beezer and Spayla and Jody and Lindsay and who else?
Everybody deserved a star in that game last night.
I guess what I'm saying is they never give emphasis to the defensive effort.
We don't care about the stars.
Okay. That's you know, that's for the people on scat calls to argue about,
well, who is the first that?
Who cares about that?
No, it's just that it would be nice to see guys like what I don't care about that.
I don't care about that. Neither do they.
Whatever.
The saying no hockey night in Canada.
We're interested in winning the games.
It's a team effort.
There should be one star and that's for the whole team.
Well, speaking of hockey night in Canada, it was nice to see the Habs take take take.
Take your right up.
Well, I was hoping to pull one off here.
We don't want to, you know, we'd like to get New Jersey out of there nice and early.
Well, I mixed emotions about it.
It would be nice to get rid of Jersey, but on the other hand,
I can't bring myself to ever root for the Habs.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, like I said, let's get rid of New Jersey.
I couldn't happen though.
When Sam Pollock used to come up with...
Okay, Sam Pollock is just a local Harold Ballard.
You better check it out.
This guy, way back in the back.
I don't want to talk to people that want to live in a past.
Okay. Oh, Johnny, Barrett just came in.
How you doing, Johnny?
Nice save last night.
Oh, yeah, I'm playing no more.
Here's Terry Sautchuk just came in.
He don't look too good.
Him and Ronnie Stewart just had a little bit of a bra on the hallway.
Come on, get with the 20th century.
That's the two kind of so-called fans you got in the town.
Guys like this guy, who remember stuff from 40 years ago,
which nobody cares about.
And then the other guy's like the rat guy who thinks he knows something
and is one-dimensional because he's into himself.
He's got no life and he wants to make himself into a big star.
This guy's a doctor, by the way.
This rat guy, this wine style guy, he's a doctor.
Wouldn't you like to have him be your doctor?
Dressed up in a rat outfit?
Would schmutz all over his purse?
Pupa!
Pupa!
Oh my god.
Somebody should have stepped on that poopa before it hatched.
Here's the lady in Margate.
Hello.
Yo.
Yes ma'am.
Hi, I'm calling again from Margate,
same woman that called two days ago.
About what?
Your reception still sounds like Robert Klein.
Well, you're the only must be you, who's sweetie,
because I tried and there was now one other person that said we had any problem with a reception.
Yes, they were fine.
Yeah.
And in this morning, I didn't know.
Well, you must be in Ojohn, provocateur.
You must be Bud Paxson's daughter-in-law or something.
Oh, please.
Give me a break.
Sorry.
Okay.
That was a bad decision.
I had an antenna and all, you know, I heard the call back then.
You must be related to Aaron Kay.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's another low blow.
I had one in my mouth once.
Well, we don't care.
We don't want to hear about it.
We don't want to hear about it.
Bit slapper.
Bit slapper.
Um, hang in there.
Okay.
It's endless and just move.
Move.
I would love to.
Okay, but I'm moving to a suit.
How is the other station coming in?
Um, fine.
Okay.
There you go.
You're all set.
No, no.
No.
I just keep an eye on the hold.
Okay.
What do you mean now?
What does that mean?
In other words, when I go over there, you're not going to listen?
Oh, definitely.
So what are you talking about?
You're all set.
I'm going to switch it now.
Well, forget about it.
Oh, no, not now.
Don't do that.
No.
God forbid.
Don't do that.
You don't want to hear that fabulous sports, bitch.
Yeah, if you go over there, you're going to be a daughter-in-law again.
See?
Have a great day.
You too.
Fine.
We have an open line of borrowers.
6.
7.
9.
4.
6.
7.
7.
7.
7.
W.
I.
Boy, we're getting a delicious pork platter in here today from Poyotropic Hall.
I had one in my mouth once.
Here's a lady in Evan Chira.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Super game last night.
Yes, ma'am.
It was awesome.
It was the best.
I'm going to play those highlights over and over again.
Even if I have to play them off that stupid cassette.
The rimmer sounded great.
He did a good job last night.
What's everybody like?
It's fashionable to pick on the rimman.
Okay.
Listen.
I have to work with that self in grandizing jackass that goes,
Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa.
Oh, my God.
I was at the game last night.
We had season tickets.
And I agree it wasn't the same atmosphere as that.
Not at all.
Not at all.
There are people who don't know a thing about hockey.
I had a young couple sitting next to me about my age.
And the girl, they're on a date.
She didn't shut up the whole game.
And she's talking to her boyfriend like, oh, people told me you should have met me
six months ago.
What are your sexual fantasies?
This is in the middle of the game.
And I'm like, I'm trying to watch the hockey game.
And she's like, all over, she's drinking beer.
Oh, great.
Great.
You knew about the hockey.
And you tried to shut her up, but she wouldn't shut up.
Then I had morons of the acting bitch.
Exactly.
Then we had a few Pittsburgh fans who bought tickets thinking they're going to see the penguins.
Right.
Drunk out of their skull.
Well, can you blame them?
No.
And then...
Speak between not having her team there, number one.
And number two, looking at the scoreboard and seeing them getting the snobby out of them by the flyers.
Can you blame them, of course, not?
Okay.
And then listen to this.
A good friend of ours sits across from...
I hope it was Iron City, yes.
She's a ticket holder.
And you know how people walk up and down the aisle while play is on?
Do I ever?
Well, he's a great hockey fan.
He'll tell people, sit down, wait.
So he tells this guy in a Mario Lemus shirt.
You know, hold it.
Can't you wait till plays over.
The guy gets in his face, starts yelling at him.
I'm going to get you whatever the security escorts the guy out.
This is like three minutes before the end of the game.
The poor guy, she's a ticket holder across from us, goes to leave the game.
He got pummeled.
The guy beat the crap out of him.
The guy in the Lemus jersey, bloodied his face.
They had to call him ambulance and everything.
Nice.
Nice.
Great Pittsburgh fans.
And the New York fans were shooting birds at the guy.
And telling you the sections.
Like I said, my section last night was great.
Head off to 106.
You guys were great last night.
Just keep that idiot from Ohio.
Send it back to Kayoga County, wherever he's from.
Send it back to Lima, Ohio and WIMA.
I can see it.
Nothing could be finer than sending him to Lima.
221 and 222.
Hello.
The New York and Penguin fans suck.
Yeah.
The game was awesome.
The team was just.
Don and Mike blow.
Right.
And Kerry Frazier sucked.
Oh, the worst.
Did you see the big one going on?
What is it?
You see in the beginning of the game.
I think the strong guys first time out that they clipped them.
He went flying in here.
How about twice Kirk Muller got tackled right in front of Frazier.
We didn't call that.
I'm going to tell you.
If we don't get that Goon Old Samuelson man, there was a great sign that one where it said
Al for all, whatever your name is, said, coward with a visor.
And that's the truth.
Just like Don and Kerry says, these back stabbing assholes that are cheap shot artists and they wear the visor to protect themselves.
And then every time somebody goes to hit them, they turtle down there in the eyes like Claude Lemieux.
Somebody's got to really kick his ass.
And anybody that knocks Eric Lindross for that cheap shot at the end of that game last week where he got a two games suspension
but nevertheless where he really belted Samuelson.
I say we should give him the congressional matter of honor and I's going, Eric Boy.
And then starting to sound like Don Cherry now, eh?
Yeah. And then we had a good Ranger fan behind us.
Every time they called the penalty on New York, where to go, Kerry Frazier, you sucked.
And then when they had the major against Belenzy, what a double mind, yeah?
Right, four double mind, four two goals. The guy shut up. He left with a five minute left.
Go Panthers, kick Rangers ass.
What a great job that was, huh?
You're awesome.
What a job of penalty killing.
I thought I was going to like pee in my pants.
Jodie Hull is guys.
Yes he is.
We love you, Jodie.
Some more than others, but we love you.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
I love you.
Four to one on Sunday.
Okay.
Okay.
Open line in day six, two to the old Rangers and boy are they old?
Like I said, a JD yesterday, they're old.
They're slow and they're old and they're ponders and he hit Gretzky one time.
Oh, he's, he's winding.
He's holding his head.
That silly pussy helmet that he wears.
I loved it.
At a boy, Billy, let's give another congressional medal of honor to Billy Lindsay for, for a bushwack in the, the great one here yesterday.
I loved it. He just slammed that needle.
I was right there in a corner and it was great.
Man, oh man, I thought it was a Reckon day.
I was so excited about that move.
Nice go on, Billy.
Open line in day six, two, two, W-I-O-D.
Let's blow up this equipment and here and have a big party.
Okay, and then we'll send it all over to Mark, blood packs and sun and law.
You know what I say about him, don't you?
F-M.
And the sun and law.
Six ten W-I-O-D.
When lightning is coming.
Who knows the value of ad?
This dunk is.
Hi, I'm Sandy Duncan for Perky Learning Centers.
When I was in school, the American education system was terrific.
And I still had trouble with algebra.
That's because I wasn't very bright and I only had one eye.
But that didn't matter because I was Perky and all my teachers really liked me.
Today, with up to 40 kids in a class, it's hard to get noticed, let alone to be teacher's pet.
That's where Perky Learning Centers can help.
Perky teaches your kids how to suck up, kiss butt and make dimples when they smile.
Call Perky Learning Centers, P-E-R-K-Y, or I, or something like that.
I wasn't very good at spelling either.
For Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
Wow, 1117 at W-I-D.
The plot thickens here at the home of insanity, man.
So Harry Penis comes down here.
And the first two or three days he's been here, it's already all kinds of stuff going on.
I just found a little memo on the floor.
I wasn't really a memo, which just said, guess what? And it's anonymous.
So he doesn't want the producers talking on the year is what I'm hearing.
He also doesn't want producers getting no ratings bonuses as if they have nothing to do with the show.
I don't think he understands what's going on here.
See, I had that feeling the night when I had dinner with him.
I mean, nice guy, but I just, and drinks a lot of diet soda.
But I just had the feeling that he didn't really have any clue as to what we're doing here,
other than what Walter Sable might be telling.
So just, we don't want you on the year, George.
Okay.
Yes, we do.
No, can you believe that?
I mean, I can understand certain shows like I don't want to mention nose ring there at night,
which, oh, man, too much.
It's always been too much with him.
Too much.
I mean, what's he got to say?
But as far as the rest of the day, no, George, you know, Adam, what would he show us be without them on here?
And even like Wayne, even punky Wayne, Batman.
But hey, these people, they have a better way, man.
They know better.
They're going to take a great station and they're going to make it even greater.
They're going to take that 45 share and make it into a 95.
They're going to take that 400 share and make it into a one.
We have an open line in day at 622, WIOD.
We have one in Broward, 767, WIOD.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about that game last night?
Yeah.
I got a question.
Let's talk about it, sir.
Let's go.
Let's hear some excitement.
These people are dead.
All right.
Well, first of all, I had to watch it on TV.
I wasn't fortunate.
So what's wrong with that?
It's better not seeing it at all.
That's true.
So the price was right.
The first penalty that we got was...
Call laws.
He hit Gretzky or something.
Right, overtime.
Yeah.
And I was...
That was a dumb penalty.
Well, they showed a close up on Gretzky, right?
And he was just like, oh, man.
He was kind of like, oh, you know, like, don't hit...
Oh, you such a...
You such a...
He's a pussy.
Wayne Gretzky's a pussy.
Yeah.
Did you see the highlights on the SPN?
Of what?
Of the game.
You know, of the goals in score.
I have...
I've just played their highlights to the goals of a little while ago.
I got the game on tape.
Okay, here's the thing.
When they show...
I was at the game, sir.
I was there.
All right.
Well, here's why...
When they show...
When they show one of the goals, you know, and...
And they're showing the crowd in the background, you know, of the goal being scored.
Yeah.
And some idiot stands up and throws a rat.
I never saw any rats.
Or I was rats.
They showed it on...
There was how many rats.
I never saw any rats.
Well, there was.
And also...
How many?
One I saw one.
One.
Okay, there was one.
So who cares?
Well, you know, I'm just saying, you know, people...
Why are you saying that?
We had a great night and you want to call up because one asshole threw a rat.
I was saying to John on a way home last night.
Wasn't it great?
We didn't have any rat problem.
The people...
It was great.
It was a great night.
And you got something to bellyache about.
Go bellyache to somebody else.
Oh, somebody got up and threw a rat.
Who cares?
Okay, we had one rat.
There's 15,000 people in there.
And one asshole throws a rat, which took a half a second for them to pick up and stick in their thing.
And this guy calling here takes the effort to call.
Okay?
That is so typical.
And I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative.
I'm the one trying to whip everybody up and get some positive vibes going in this town.
And it's just negative and negative and negative and negative.
Two open lines in date.
622, one in Broward.
767, WIOD.
The mobile one purple line is even open at pound IOD.
On a day we should be having a party in the streets.
It's only one game.
But my God, what a great night it was.
What a momentous evening.
What a spectacular event.
What a tremendous performance.
Kirk Muller was great again last night.
Nice going, Captain Kirk.
It's your beats being in Toronto, don't it, sweetheart?
That's right.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
What's over the pitch at night?
What does that mean?
That lady in the pitch.
What does that mean?
What's up with that pitch at night?
Is somebody holding a gun?
Is somebody holding a gun enforcing you to listen to it?
No, I call it to say hi.
What's up on the mission of your phone?
I mean, this is your radio show I like it.
I'm enjoying it.
What kind of a geek?
You know, a crap like that.
I think she had a good point.
We have an open line in date.
622, we have two in Broward.
767, 946, 377, WIOD.
I'm going to be pretty weak here.
A little bit of enthusiasm there for about two or three minutes.
And then, of course, the real audience start to come through again,
showing their real colors.
You look out now.
I'm Tonya.
I'm getting the right mood.
I'm going to play this all day.
Over and over and over and over and over again.
I'm going to stick to these hot bands on you.
A famous death.
I'm going to stick to Haxon's brother-in-law,
saying F everybody.
It's true.
Oh.
Oh, man.
There's we love you.
Come on, open the windows.
Let's say it.
We love you, man.
Let's hear it.
You're wearing tight.
I ride.
You make this season.
I can't stand it.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Gone?
Okay, blow it out your ass.
Open line in date.
622.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
Someone was throwing a rat out on the eye.
How do you like that guy?
I talk about a sour pose.
I'm so tired of people like him.
What an asshole.
Why doesn't he go complain to the teacher, okay?
I want to personally call that guy.
He's like, you know what?
He's a kind of guy.
When he was in school,
every time some kid farted in a classroom,
he probably went and reported it to the teacher.
I know he's listening to that.
And you, sir, are a pecker wood.
Yeah.
Anyway, he related to tiger.
How many goals of Gets he scored?
I remember I had a friend in Detroit
who used to live in Pecker Woods.
It was right next to Gross Point.
How many goals of Gets he scored last night?
I'll tell you how many he scored.
I'll tell you how many Messier scored.
Oh, here's how many Adam Graves scored.
Here's how many Brains.
Brains.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right.
Exactly.
I hate them, man.
I hate them.
I can't stand them.
I despise the Rangers and everything about them.
I want all this comeback in New York.
I assist the walk out on 95
and let me run over every one of them.
Oh, they're coming.
Oh, all right.
All right.
We know they're just disgusting.
Okay.
Anyway, um, do you play the first
Dibonix song for me?
The first one.
The Ebonyx game.
Is that what you be meaning?
The Ebonyx game?
You got it, baby.
As in, come on, everybody.
And do your thing.
Yeah, but give one.
All right.
All right.
See ya.
I'll be seeing you now.
We have an open line, homie,
at 1-88-4749-463.
Let's be as illiterate as they want to be.
How the hell that'd be?
By the way, how do you say your words to him, huh?
And you notice you do not be speaking to any Bonyx.
Come on, everybody.
You look ill, man.
We gonna play your game.
Say what?
We be flippin' spits that ruff.
Spits that ruff.
Any Bonyx be the name.
You know what you talkin' bout?
You take a bucket dope word.
That old boy.
It must have some skills to make it ruff.
I've got a song I've told you.
Check out what Abyn Kiggins.
What you talkin' bout?
You have it down in no time.
She's over.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Let's be new homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
I got a number.
Homie.
Yo.
This be Anthony.
And they only offer me a better, better, better, better.
Homie.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Who's that home?
Homie.
Homie.
Homie.
Man, you would like to own a seat back to home?
Oh.
You b-doned it.
So it's only floating, floating, floating, floating.
On a Limbo Lane.
She's back to home.
I like homeies.
Now try out a quick spot.
Bom.
Bom.
Man, I'd like to own a seat back to home.
Bam.
BeומקORT.
H die.
Okay, so I see Eli was in there saying, hey, it's great that you're leaving.
It's 1125 at WIWD.
We have an open line on the out of town line.
One trip, a late 4749 463.
By the way, we want to welcome Skie Anderson.
Oh, don't you remember Skie Anderson?
He was here before.
He also went to one of your appearances and got your autograph.
That blonde kid.
He's a nice guy.
Sure.
But the audience hated him.
I thought the first time I heard him, I thought he was really weak.
The second time I heard him, he was not all that bad.
I don't remember the audience hating him.
Oh, they hated him.
I thought there were some good and some bad calls.
Oh, I don't think so.
Well, he was okay to look.
He didn't look too bad.
I didn't hate him.
No, remember what he looked like?
He looked like a human, like a guy.
He looked like a real person, better than most people in this business.
So he can't be all bad, right?
As long as they look good, that's all we care about.
Now if we could just make Tiger Woods white.
And you know something, I still wouldn't care.
I wouldn't care if Tiger Woods looked like, in Rikia, Galatius.
He's a golfer, okay?
He's a golfer.
Nobody should care.
Nobody should care.
And the op-ed page or whatever, yeah.
The op-ed page in the Sunsental this morning.
They got a whole bunch of articles from newspapers all over the world
about Tiger Woods and what great class.
And he seems to be so sincere.
And he said, oh, cares, okay?
The bottom line is that Augusta, Georgia,
where blacks were excluded and could even think about playing golf.
And maybe it couldn't even caddy for 100 years.
Now all of a sudden a black and a gook guy up there
wins the Amastus golf tournament
and right away like people are hyperventilating.
It's still golf.
Okay, it's boring.
He's boring.
The whole thing is boring.
But we have to have, you know, our star of the moment,
our star of the week, our star of the hour.
What?
Our star of David.
Are you gonna start with that on the era of paysock
you're gonna start with that crap?
By the way, Brooke Daniels has become,
she's been saying she ain't Jewish
because those real or conservative,
those real from right wingers have said that unless you're as
from as they are, unless you're wailing at the wall
or wailing on something, you're not really Jewish.
So she's been saying for the last few weeks,
she's not Jewish anymore, according to them.
Now she became real Jewish.
Monday and Tuesday, Brooke's gonna be
a light in the candles and shoveling down
that chocolate maca baby.
She's great, but boys, she could lose a couple of pounds.
It's 1128 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
So much I wanted to give you the real thing here and here.
And now a few words about vaginacel.
For my feminine itching, I depend on vaginacel
cream to stop it instantly.
And for a painful burning itch,
I get maximum strength vaginacel
for even stronger relief.
Excuse me.
Yes.
Speaking as someone who doesn't have a vagina,
I have what may seem like a silly question.
Oh, yeah.
What exactly would be wrong with you
that you would have all this itching?
Oh, well, many number of things.
General irritation, for example.
Yes, I understand that, but I guess it's the painful
burning part you mentioned that alarms me.
Oh.
I mean, this constant burning and itching
would seem to indicate some kind of problem
that might actually require like legitimate medical attention.
But vaginacel can stop the burning and itching.
Yes, but what I'm asking is does it cure
whatever's causing all the burning and itching?
What do you mean causing?
I mean, sure, you might not be actively burning
and itching anymore, but you can still be a carrier.
A carrier?
You know, some kind of typhoid Mary of sexual disease.
I think you're part of it.
Oh, come on, admit it.
You've been sleeping around.
What?
You think I'm stupid?
You think I don't know a painful burning itch, please?
Look, it was just five guys.
Yeah, five guys last night.
You're complaining at four in this morning.
I didn't know about the first four guys ahead of me, did I?
That's the last time I went out for you.
What?
What?
I'm starting to get you.
Oh, gee, that's too bad.
Thank God, I burned it.
Oh, get it.
Vaginassil, maximum relief for naughty, dirty,
dirty, naughty little girls.
Okay, 1133 at WIOD, happy Friday to him.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're loving it last night.
I loved it.
I'm still loving it.
No.
Yeah, but I loved it when Kirk Muller gave Ulfie a shout
across the mountain.
It was blood oozing from his mouth.
Yeah.
It was beautiful.
That was a good start.
It was beautiful.
I want to see blood oozing from Ulf Samuelson's rectum.
Then I'll be happy.
You know what?
Like I said, Tim Monday.
All we got to do is bang them old bastards
and they'll never come around again.
Especially number 99, man.
Exactly.
You know what?
You run on them.
Mr. Campbell's going to have them come out
like the broad street bullies on Sunday.
Thanks, sir, huh?
You got to indicate it because he said it in the paper.
Good, they get a lot of stupid penalties again.
And since they're so bad at killing others,
second-worst and legal penalty killing,
we can jam a whole bunch more goals in areas in 4-1.
I just love it.
The best team money can buy.
Can't do a blessed thing.
That's right.
Love it.
Do me a favor?
Yeah.
Can you play that rocky thing you've ever had?
You know, it's so long.
The what?
I only heard it once.
I forget what it was.
Rocky thing?
Some of Rocky would still long with your times.
OK.
Thank you.
Whatever you say.
See you.
I'm going to do what he's talking about.
OK, we have an open line on the out of town line.
One, triple eight, four, seven, four,
and pretend you don't either.
OK, let's go to a four-letter deal.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, God.
What a game.
What a night.
What an experience.
What a life.
The town needs to wake up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was that five on three as good in life as it was at home?
The crowd were in a frenzy.
We were just going apeshot.
And it was just as the time ticked off
and Jody and the warrener kept shooting it down.
Eice and Murphy.
And we were just going ballistic.
You couldn't believe it.
And then as the entire rest of the double-minded Lindsay
ended, it was like we had just won a Stanley Cup.
That was unbelievable.
That was the highlight of the whole night.
Better than any goal.
Right.
Hey, black arch tonight.
What do you think?
What do I think?
We have a chance.
No.
I'm a displaced black ox fan.
Go, Charlie.
We're not going to let it.
No, no, not at all.
No.
Now you might get a goal, but that's about it.
I doubt it.
I was wrong.
And that's is not what we can do.
It's got nothing.
It's got that's part of it.
But it's a mismatch.
You guys aren't in the same league with them.
Just, you know, just go home and be happy
to make a playoff.
Yeah.
Well, go, Panthers.
I don't let's keep it up.
OK.
Hey, see you now.
See you.
Black Hawks blow.
We have an open line in Broward.
767.
Did I mention that Cliff Fletcher was here last night?
Which means it probably me here at Get On Sunday.
Oh, yeah.
Better have an on.
Chat with him.
You killed him, Cliff.
You killed the Maple Leafs.
You killed him.
You destroyed them.
You tore my guts out.
You broke my heart.
Thank you so much, J. Lino.
Here's a sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you today?
Well, the game, huh?
Yeah.
I just want to go and recommend that I'm
another fan that went to about two dozen games last
year.
Yes.
Went to every playoff game, but the one that Lindsay went around
Borkon.
Right.
And I can't even smell a ticket this year.
I can't even sniff it.
Sniff it.
And one other thing, I was on the way home from work last night,
between 5'30 and 6'o clock.
And I'm turning on that station down the dial over there,
hoping to get some pregame height, get the smell of the arena.
Talking football.
See what's going on in the first three or four phone calls
were about the draft.
Yeah.
I brought that up.
Exactly.
It was unbelievable.
That happened to me on a way to the game.
I was so aggravated about those calls.
I pooped my pants.
Yeah.
I think you won't call you.
There's one scumbag out there.
One dimensional town, man.
One dimensional.
And then they pretend that that's their claim to fame
as it's a football town.
And you see the Huracans.
Now they lose a couple of games.
And they got 60,000 empty seats in the orange pool.
So it's got nothing to do with that.
It's just that they don't know.
You pick the topic and they don't know.
Well, you listen.
It was Kim Bo-Camp or a...
Kim Basinger, yeah.
And then one last thing.
I'm the eternal optimist and follow this scenario.
If the top four teams, seated teams in the east should win.
We'll play the Devils.
Buffalo Play Philadelphia.
We beat the Devils.
Buffalo beats Philadelphia.
We beat Buffalo.
And we go to finals having been all three New York metropolitan teams.
Wouldn't it be nice to see us play Buffalo
in the conference championship?
We'd stick it to every New York.
Wouldn't that be some series, huh?
Absolutely.
Whenever it generates lapidus suspenders down here.
No question about it.
One last thing.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
Carrie Feldman, you are one big toilet cleaning
for a mopping douchebag.
And Carrie Fraser too, don't forget.
Them too.
OK.
See ya.
Open line of brow at 767-WYD, the mobile one purple line is
wait nine yet pound out.
We don't want no producers on the air.
By the way, we don't want to hear that no more, George.
OK.
A little louder.
What?
Exactly.
See, I mean, it's so clear you have to be blind not to see
what's going on here.
What they would like to do is reproduce.
See, they really believe.
They've water-sable and perhaps some others are really dumb
enough to believe that you can package what we do.
You can actually format it.
You can structure it.
Just, you know, it's like plugging in bodies.
Just plug into body and reduce it to a formula.
I hate to break the news to them.
You can't do that because we're talking about personalities.
People don't tune in here to hear some structured, strict,
structured formula.
They don't want to hear that.
And they're not interested in real radio up there in Orlando.
WTKS in Orlando.
They don't care about that.
They're not interested.
Wow.
It was real big up there.
Yes, so was Aaron Summers.
So was Aaron Summers.
Huge gigantic at WTKS.
I got you there.
You're right.
That's because somebody was working with her hard every day.
And on the show too.
But she was gigantic.
Ed, till I'm sure they think is really a broadcaster up there
at the in Orlando.
OK, I don't think so.
Not here.
Not anywhere, not any of the 85 markets that he's worked
in even Palm Beach.
But they really think they can just formula.
Well, what was the problem before?
What was the problem?
It wasn't good enough before.
So they're going to do it their way.
We did a lot of peaks of 20 shares.
Are you talking again on the air about peaks of 20 shares?
Hey, nobody started getting a little peaks in here.
About what?
Nobody told me not to talk to anybody.
I got news for you.
They better not.
They better not say nothing to you about they
don't want to hear you on here.
Because the day that they say that is the day that I'm going
to come in here and play a polka music for four hours.
We have an open line.
Oh, that's a new format anyway.
Open line in the mobile one line, pound IOD on that purple line,
pick it up and pound it till it bleeds.
Here's a mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'll tell you what, waiting for that game yesterday
was like waiting for Christmas with butterflies in my stomach.
Yeah.
And watching it was like opening up the best present
on Christmas morning.
Yes, right.
That was a great game.
That second period was a thing of beauty in a life forever.
Man, I'll tell you.
Can I tell you a quick story?
Yeah.
I miss Phil so bad.
Yeah.
I was here Monday, by the way.
Yeah, I know.
Monday and Tuesday, hopefully.
Yeah.
Locked the doors when he comes in.
OK.
I don't let him out.
Anyways, I was listening to a stern this morning.
And they did a skid somebody called in and wanted
to talk to David Lee Roth.
Yeah.
And Fred got on there and pretending
was David Lee Roth because I'm going
to tell you a secret number.
And we'll bleep it out so nobody could hear it.
And they say it out over the air just like Phil would do, right?
Yeah.
And then everybody starts calling it.
It reminded me of Phil's show was great.
Everybody calls in.
Hey, we heard that number.
It wasn't bleeped out.
I think.
And then can you believe it?
A program director from down here on Miami
calls up Howard Show and says, hey, I hate to tell you this,
but the number went out on the air.
And it's like you idiot.
You know, with a PD from down here called on here.
Yeah, but wait.
Yeah, but wait a second.
106.
Oh my god.
Yeah, he calls up.
I mean, you know it was a stupid skid like what Phil does,
right?
Oh my god.
You mean to say that David Roth has heard people
that stupid over there were big?
Yeah.
He calls up on the program director over at your mind.
And he affiliate.
Not so big.
That's the number went out over the air.
I can't believe it.
God, I never got bleeped out.
And I'm going.
I'm taking it myself.
Phil, I miss you so bad.
I wouldn't be surprised if that PD is on the floor right now,
dialing the number with his toes.
Yeah, no kid, man.
Yep.
Anyway, great game.
Can't wait till Sunday.
All right.
Four one Sunday, pal.
Take it to the bank right now.
Bye now.
See ya.
Plunge your brains out.
We have an open line on the out of town line.
One triple eight, four, seven, four.
Confidence is high.
I said before the game last night, whoever wins the first game of the series takes the series.
And I had no idea that it was going to be such a piece of cake.
It was a piece of cake.
After we survived the initial onslaught there of 10 to 1 on the shots,
after we saw that the beaser is in that groove, man.
He is in a mold.
He is just just back where he wasn't playoff time last year.
He is impenetrable and on the ice too.
So how do you like them apples, huh?
Here's the lady in River Erobi.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I'm a first time caller.
All right.
But I have met you before last Friday at the Philadelphia game.
Right.
My husband and I came up to see you.
He was the one wearing the hand painted hard hat.
Right.
Remember?
Uh-huh.
So he's a huge fan and very creative.
So he went and painted that big ol' helmet and turned out great.
Anyway, anyone who says that you're not nice to people are crazy.
They can blow it out their ass.
Big time.
Right.
And their mother's too.
Right.
Because you were very nice.
And for crying out loud, what do they expect you to do?
They are.
Well, I got to tell you a story.
I got to tell you a story.
Sure.
Uh, I don't think it was that game.
But there was one night when my lawyer, Norm Kent, was there.
And you know, I've had this stuff going back and forth and I'm going to the other station.
And I've been all these negotiating.
So I got, you know, like once in a while there's actually somebody there I want to talk to.
Like once in a while, River, because he likes to piss off the knees potpan.
So he calls me up there between periods to talk to him.
He doesn't have nothing to talk about.
He just knows it pisses off Dennis.
So he has me stand there and talk to him.
Okay.
But once in a while, I'm actually talking to somebody about something.
So this guy and his uncle, father, brother, or whoever was they come over and hi,
how you doing?
And I gave him the same.
Hi, how are you?
Show his hand.
And so Norm and I wander out in the hallway to talk like for two minutes about whatever it was.
Yeah.
And his guy like his walking away, he said, oh, we came all the way over from the other side.
Is that it?
Well, you said that.
And I said to him, what would you like me to do?
Would you like me to dance?
I really don't dance.
What would you like me to do a little soft shoe here?
What is it?
I came all the way over from the other side to meet you.
And that's it.
I don't know what they expect.
It's not like you're there working.
You're on your time off.
You're on the fries or anything.
Believe me, he was a nice guy, but I wasn't going to give him anything.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, that's fine.
It wasn't Jacob.
We came up to see you on another occasion, but we said our hello.
We shook your hand.
We walked away.
Right.
We just wanted to say hi.
We're here.
These people that want to have like a lengthy conversation and go out and tap dance in a hallway
and rumble.
I ended up like guys come over.
The guy came last night.
You might have my girlfriend take a picture of me with you.
No problem.
What do I care?
What do I care?
Well, I'd like to dismiss all of those false accusations because you're very nice to us.
And we don't overstay our welcome either.
We come.
We say hello.
We go away.
Goodbye.
Yes, I am.
A couple other things.
Yes, ma'am.
My whole family with the exception of myself all went to Michigan State University.
All right.
Thank you very much.
We're all from New York.
We're all Hebrews.
And we still love the Panthers.
And we hate Florida.
Oh!
We'll figure that out.
They have great taste.
And one other thing.
Yes.
Did you see the replay of Gretsky's face off night?
My speech pattern is bad here today.
When he got all tussled in the corner and when they did it.
When Lindsay belted the start out of life.
I got it on tape.
I'm going to have to watch that.
You know something.
All he had to do was take out a towel and start crying.
I was so happy when I saw that happen.
I thought I was going to have to take out a towel.
I was great.
I love it.
I jumped up out of my chair.
I was screaming.
Yes.
And why did somebody hit that bastard?
When Lindsay took him out on the board.
Oh man, he should get his clock cleaned more often.
Is what?
His clock cleaned.
Anyway.
I keep telling George that too.
But that's not my business.
It was very nice talking to you.
Enjoy the rest of the series.
And we'll come see you again sometime.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
And happy pace off.
Say I'm to you.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
We have an open line of days.
We have a six to two nine four six three.
Well, sanitary for Passover.
Oh, and by the way, thanks to the guy, the Jewish guy brought over a bag of mandal bread made with
Monsa and with chocolate chips.
Mandal bread for paysox.
Which wasn't bad either, by the way.
Shared it with our friend Adam there who was on his best behavior.
Not this Adam, another Adam.
Jewish.
Well, all Adams are Jewish.
The first one was.
I had one in my mouth once.
10 WIOD.
Here is your party station of the American Family Federation.
Just tell me what your problem is.
The low hands wave at me.
Nothing but blue hands on my TV.
Blue hands on the blue sheets.
And they got my tears on their feet.
I never saw the house smelling so nice.
Now I'll have to lower my asking price.
Nothing but containers lying on beds.
All of them weird.
All of them desks.
Yes, blue hands waving by by.
Going to Syria.
Syria, sweet guy.
Let's do it.
All right, by the way, the Nike swish was prominent at the game last night.
And of course it is trache.
So anybody who any Jew that wears the Nike swish even close to paysox is going to eternal hell.
1152 at WIOD.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I have a question.
Okay.
My wife's uncle was the actor John Marley.
And we were at a family reunion and we were talking about the Godfather.
Yeah.
And we forgot the name of the horse.
Cartoum.
Cartoum.
Don't you remember that?
No.
Cartoum.
Cartoum.
Very much.
Okay.
Thank you.
You got it.
Bye.
Put the truck in the mail.
It's on the way.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward.
Cartoum.
Cartoum.
I hope you appreciate beauty, Tom.
I'm not going to erase them though.
I'm going to put them out to study.
Open line on the other timeline.
One, two, eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
Of course, it's hard to go out to study when your body is in the stall and your head is in his bed.
But hey, he'll work on it.
He's got that but hey.
Maybe that's what he's eating.
Let's feed Cartoum some but hey.
Here's a call from the keys.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, pretty good game, eh?
Not bad, eh?
Not a bad start.
Oh, I'll tell you.
These guys are shocking, man.
Just when you count them down and out those last couple of weeks,
all of a sudden they come bouncing back just in time and you can't even believe it.
Can't get over these guys.
I'm a displaced flyers fan.
So I feel it's a shame that if they both win, they won't see each other in the second round.
But maybe the third.
Maybe the third.
That'd be nice if they could get by the devils, wouldn't it?
And I tell you, they're there idiot who call in about the rat.
I get a suggestion for them.
Every goal that Florida scores, they should do what they do in that candy bar commercial
and they should throw some idiot wearing a ranger shirt out on the ice.
Not bad.
Could you believe how many ranger shirts went that game last night?
One of these people are going to wake up.
You weren't a lot of ranger shirt.
What are you talking about?
There was a smattering.
Really?
Oh yeah, used to be up until this year.
I think people with one group of people.
No, you're up up until this year.
There used to be a 40-50% of the crowd will be ranger fans every time we play them.
But now since we got so many season tickets and every game is a sellout,
most of them can't get in there.
It's great.
Good. I'll tell you those New Yorkers, they just don't understand that, you know,
if you can't take a hit in this league, you're not going to win.
It's great.
He just isn't as fast as he used to be.
In fact, instead of a hit, he took something that rhymed with hit last night
after Lindsey decked him.
I loved it.
I'd be a lot more worried about Messier.
He didn't even show up last night.
He was as useless as he did throw out.
They did the shot count last night on that.
I was listening to the game.
Yeah.
And they did the shot count at the end of the game.
And 20 out of the 34 shots were by their big guns.
Graves, Messier, Tickening and Gretzky.
They got 20 shots.
Yeah.
So they had nothing to complain about.
They got quality shots on goal.
It's not like they were not given a chance.
He was unstoppable, man.
Yeah, they weren't like getting rough out of the game.
They just couldn't produce.
Too bad.
The Bees are just unbelievable.
He broke their spirit.
You know, Richter played good too.
I'll be fair because the two of the shots were deflected
and then went on to power play.
Garper Long had the open side there.
But it was excellent goal tending all the way around.
It's just that Bees was better.
You know the panthers are a team that can score a lot of those garbage goals.
And I don't think that the Rangers are willing to get in there and mix it up.
In the same way.
And if they're not going to get their clean, you know, slap shots, they're not going to score.
They're afraid to get mixed up with guys like Paul Laos.
Paul Laos?
Paul Laos.
Okay.
Take it easy.
See ya.
What do you call him?
That's my buddy Paul.
Don't mess with him.
We have an open line in Broward.
767.
We have one on the other town line.
One, triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
One.
Where's that food already for Christ?
I mean, for crying out loud.
So anyway, Bud Paxson's son-in-law, Mark, who sits up there in the sky box because he's a hot shot.
He's in the elevator last night and says,
F Don Corleone, F Michael Corleone, and forked Nearodgers two-hour-year-ratted.
How do you like that?
For an intemperant bunch of behavior by a bunch of far-bisoned goy-moo pretend to be whatever they're.
Of course, I don't know what his story is.
I don't know where he ranks in the family.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pines.
Hello?
Danielle, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I was just watching the sports show.
They just hi-card you or they go to the game.
They high-five to the Gennia.
Yeah.
And his phone just crept out.
All right, well, thanks for the good news.
We have an open-line at Broward, 7679, 463, 767WID.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Premendous.
Rent-warner is God.
He's great.
And the bea-zer is God.
Don't forget, Jodie Hullo, man.
The unsung hero.
He was so great last night that he deserves a big kiss.
I'll tell you what, that hit that Lindsay put on the great one.
Yeah.
That was pretty good.
I'm the lame one.
He's the lame one, man.
The lame one.
I like the case of Carpice.
You see that?
Yeah.
That was a beautiful thing.
Uh-huh.
That was a beautiful thing.
One last thing, Neil.
To those New York writers from the posts and from the times.
Fellas, pucker up.
Okay.
And that the kiss was pretty soon.
Exactly.
Bye, guys.
See ya.
You first.
We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three.
By the way, our equipment here is malfunctioning.
They, but don't worry about that.
We'll get it.
We'll get it straight.
Now, let me see if that thing is in here.
By the way, the thing.
Oh my God, George.
Look at that.
My, my, my.
Look out now.
Did you put the other ones in there too?
No.
Oh, okay.
So I guess they're probably now.
They're in there.
You haven't even put them in there yet.
They're in there.
It's like Ragu.
It's in there.
Or is that Prago?
Which one is that?
Prago?
It's in there.
Of course, remember that woman has found that dead mouse.
And I'm not sure which brand it was.
I better not say it was in there.
11.50 set.
Don't you remember that?
She found a dead mouse in her spaghetti sauce.
No extra charge.
No extra charge.
That's right.
Mouse made Parmesan and nothing like it.
Sorry.
Probably a Naples they eat that.
Not Italy, Florida.
11.50 seven at W.I.O.D.
You have anything that rhymes with palm metal?
Let me know.
So, Dave County, we do have a wreck in the clearing stages.
Still a bit of a slow go.
Southbound palm metal approaching Northwest 120 second street.
Also in Accident now, Chrome Avenue at Southwest 190 second.
How about Spider-Man?
How about Spider-Man?
How about Dr. Rout date and Broward or moving along pretty well.
Steve Rockwell, Sid Van Kylene.
I.O.D.
Caution, adult-related mindset work.
16 W.I.O.D., Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
You Friday, you bastards.
Alright.
I have no right.
I'm the ones who are save, but we look like us a Dan.
I want you hop inside my company car.
I got the tickets and tax and each doubt of my hand.
I'm gonna make it you and Rainy OSTOL.
I'm older, save a baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm gonna make it you.
I'm giving that phone on a crap show.
And a formula.
I've got the formula.
I've got the power to mold and control.
You.
Who are you?
The one.
We're a half away to get your own show.
At a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting alone.
Just as long as you can stroke me.
Oh, my God.
I'm older, save a baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spade your leg when I desire you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna bone you.
I'm gonna dump sloth.
I'm dead in a real job.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Cause I'm just an asshole.
Oh.
Oh.
1204 W I O D.
I see Irene Richard is in the building.
They.
I just can't stand that sloth.
And she'll be on a course tomorrow afternoon with that in sip it.
Travel show.
What time is that?
Three four?
What is it?
Three to seven?
Four to four.
Four to one.
It could be the very last one.
So.
Why is that?
Well.
Are the packs and people screwing over your life again?
Do I look like a happy camper?
Do I look happy?
Compared to what?
Do they need anyone to get coffee or anything at the big queue?
What did you call me?
We have an open line and dead.
622-946-3622-WID.
So Irene Richard is all been out of shape.
Is there gonna be anybody left here besides Steve?
What's his name?
Steven J. Gay.
And you're only reading these things around as those free trips to the Bahamas every week.
What?
What is it?
Now you're speaking on Mike again and you're not supposed to be doing that.
You're gonna get here.
You're all penis.pist off.
You're gonna get them all been out of shape.
So to speak.
We have an open line on the other timeline for these people.
Haven't I told you?
Haven't I told you people for months they have no clue.
They have no idea.
They don't know what this radio station from Halava.
They have no idea what we do what it's all about.
And so they're gonna bring in some experts who are gonna reinvent WID.
They're gonna reinvent it all right to about a one share is what they're gonna reinvent it to.
Something that they can feel comfortable with.
A station with no ratings which they're so used to in the packs and chain.
But you know what Mark says?
The Sun Law.
F. Neil Rogers.
Thanks a lot Mark.
I don't even know who you are.
But the feeling is mutual.
Here's a mobile in Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
I was just watching the sports channel.
They're doing recaps away at the game.
The guy comes on and says then goes.
The Cedar being such a geezer he is.
It's 34 years old at an unstoppable game last night.
I just thought that common in his own was kind of degrading.
Yeah.
The B's are his 34.
That's what he said.
He says the B's number.
Well, it is a number.
I'm not sure if he's 34.
I'm not the...
That's what he said on the sports channel.
Okay, I'll have to double check that.
I'm not really sure John is at that old.
Are you that old John?
I don't know.
I'll check it out.
You think we're playing a lot of games?
Well, here's how old he is.
How old is Grand Führer for Crynow Loud?
That shut out Detroit the other night.
That shut him down.
Sir?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
I have no idea.
Do you have an idea about Chris Welles?
Do you think we're playing better than now?
He's not in the game anymore?
Have a great day.
We have an open line a day.
It's 6222WOD.
We have an open line any other time.
Like that question, begs an answer?
What did I tell you yesterday?
But I'm not going to pee on my own parade.
Because I'm psyched.
I'm pumped.
I'm ready to rock and roll.
In fact, I'm so worked up to a frenzy here that I might...
Where is it?
Where is it?
There he is.
Speak up, rumor.
I have what for y'all on the board?
Melondie.
I'll pass for Robert Spaylor.
Spaylor.
He's in development.
I'm in development.
Let's go!
Fireball!
Florida, please.
One, set up.
All right.
All right.
Rangers are regained.
The shot advantage of 2119.
Live virtue of their previous power.
Play Panthers have a minute 39 remaining in there.
Messier.
Who's in the drama, Kurt Muller?
Who sweeps it back to him?
Murphy.
Murphy for Spaylor.
Brown in front of Richter's board.
Oh my god.
Browner's spayed up to nothing.
Florida.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Not need a buyer.
We'll try to second out of the corner.
Need a buyer.
Sweeps it back.
Bellamy tied up by Lichten.
Bellamy will try to dance away from need a buyer.
Welcome.
Not need a buyer.
Three nothing.
Florida.
They didn't just beat him.
They wrecked him.
Four goals in his previous six games.
Scores tonight.
His first playoff goal of the year.
And it's three nothing.
Florida Panther.
Okay.
That's just a little taste now.
I could play this first yet.
I read cool because you know I mean I know you don't want to hear it but he's just so damn
good you know what I'm saying lost.
This swing back to center hit the button on the end.
The board trying to catch up.
The action is involved as well as shall.
The button didn't get it out.
York keeping it in.
York passes deflected by Peckett center.
Reddened.
That quickly to cover up.
Over for day.
Big.
He can't get anywhere and here's.
Ward sent him in over the line.
The whole center hit.
All right.
As general, what's wrong?
Go short handed.
Buffalo takes the lead.
All right.
Okay.
The great Rick Jeter Redboy.
He's something else.
He's going to die on the air.
There's no question about that.
He's got those suspenders flopping.
He's got that necktie loosened up.
He's all red in the push.
He weighs about 800 pounds, but God, he's pretty damn good.
Okay.
Here's Key Largo.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you get back to Tiger Woods for a second?
Please.
That's our topic today, by the way.
Never lose your Tiger in the woods?
In the USA today, did you hear about the article in there?
No.
Okay.
A gambler in Graepern has wagered 200 pounds at $325.
That masters when their Tiger Woods would become the president of the United States
before he was 50 years old.
I love it.
I love it.
Adsmaker Ladd Brokes.
Good name for Adsmaker.
Yeah.
Is offering odds of 50 to 1 against Woods, being elected during or before the 2024 presidential election.
Yeah.
I don't think we'll have no Goop be president.
Maybe by then, but I don't think it's going to be Tiger Woods.
Yeah.
All right, that's all I wanted to tell you.
Great news.
Thanks.
I'm going to register now just to make sure it don't happen.
We have an open line in day 6222WID.
We have the mobile one purple line pound IOD.
You know, it's interesting, but people who have never actually held a hockey puck in
their hands when they see these golias make like the beasur last night making a phenomenal
saves these wicked shots coming guys just winding up in these slap shots and these wicked
wrist shots.
People have never seen and felt it.
You know what I'm saying?
I had one in my mouth once.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Gone on six on a brow line in Miami and they're gone.
Well, that's too bad.
That's really said that you wasted that money long distance and never even got on here.
It's a very bad shame for us.
We have an open line in day 6222WID.
We have one in brow.
7679463.
767WID.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just like to say that you're you're great and you're righteous great and everyone's
great.
But I just have really like quick comments.
Tiger Woods, he's a very good tennis player and I don't believe he's a good tennis player.
No, no, go.
Go.
Excuse me.
God.
But I don't believe that no one should be looking at him as you know a black person.
They should just be looking at him as a great young player.
There's another boring golfer.
Yeah, it's boring golf.
He's boring.
He does it like a boy.
I mean, let me let me ask you.
Do you play golf?
No, I do not.
Do you watch golf on TV?
No.
So like I said, who cares?
No one.
But also Neil, you're great.
Can I have a sandwich for questions?
Yes.
Okay.
The guy buying the Chinese food restaurant.
Yeah.
Can you please say that?
Pretty please.
Pretty, pretty, pretty please.
But tell me on top.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Would Don Cherry on top?
Okay.
Don Cherry's on top.
Can we do this?
How can I help you?
Yeah, I couldn't even fall.
But do this one.
Let's fall off a sale?
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, huh.
Yeah, huh.
We saw a name.
Patrick.
Patrick?
Yeah.
So, I suppose I talk to someone named Fu.
Who?
Fu.
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Hello.
What's up?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Hello?
Yeah, hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
Huh?
How much you want for a restaurant?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
What?
How much?
Two Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you come to the Tonglao Banjia.
To Lacha?
Cha?
I'll go to the restaurant.
Go to the restaurant.
I'll go to the restaurant.
Huh?
Go to the restaurant.
No, thank you, Cha.
Okay, how about I get all to go and get my picket up and look at the restaurant?
Okay.
Did he say Patrick Watt?
1213 and WID.
Well, since we're hockey intensive today, since it's in the year,
everywhere and everywhere, but of course, here knows Pat Roy.
We have an open line of power.
By the way, if you'd like to participate in our big celebratory parade today,
7679463, 7677 WID and all requests Friday,
we are really doing it, man.
We are doing it and we'd be really, really happy if we had that lunch here so far.
But with Eli and charge, oh, man.
Poor Eli.
Seriously, is it going to be here like today or maybe over the weekend?
Are we sure wouldn't want no free food showing up here tonight like after the game?
If we have it, do the heat have a game tonight?
Let's see.
Let me take a look.
Heaton, New Jersey, New Jersey.
Hey, how's that?
Looked by the way.
How's what?
That's scheduled.
Looked by the way.
I made that looks very fancy.
Nancy.
And then so Karen Gay is going to get gay is going to be on after the game.
I'd hate for her to be here and that we had another free lunch in here.
And it was dawning on me.
Ron and Ron, they get free food all the time.
Tons, we get tons.
Rick and Sud's get tons.
Brooke, she likes free food and here for you or whatever.
I heard her begging for soda the other night because they keep stealing hers.
Quit leaving your soda around, sweetheart.
Because you leave anything around that's not locked down here even with Max gone and it's gone.
Okay.
It's here by the way.
What's here?
The food.
The soda.
And like my mother would say, quick drinking so much soda.
Yeah.
That's what my mother would say just in that tone of voice, too, by the way.
1214 at W.I.O.D.
New York.
High, little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundrants pop to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Just her feel.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the bags of America.
1218 at W.I.O.D. Scott Feldman's here from Poio Tropical and of course right on the eve of a paysock.
What could be more Jewish than bringing me pork, right?
What could be better than that?
Nice going, Scott.
Thank you so much.
Look at that pork and onions and a beautiful plate here and it's great stuff.
Man.
And the circumcised of course just in also from the circle you ranch as a matter of fact.
I had one in my mouth once.
I'll bet.
Okay, let's go to, wait a minute.
Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Is the doggy doctor in?
Yeah, what can we do for you, sir?
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Now I'm going to be going, just change the subject.
I'm going to be going to Europe in August.
Yeah.
And being that you're such a world traveler.
Uh-huh.
August and Europe, is that basically a decent time of the year or?
Depends on where you want to go, where you going?
Well, definitely Germany, France and maybe even hit Amsterdam after all that you know.
I think they've heard about that place.
August is great but not in Italy.
Yeah.
Everybody goes on the month though, right?
Huh?
August is a pretty good month though, right?
Yeah, it's hotter in the home, which is great.
Great.
Good.
I mean, Amsterdam won't be hotter.
It'll be warm for there.
Well, listen to my, uh, Fettles Jailer over here because we had to jail call him from DCJ.
Uh, we have a chemistry quest.
We wanted to hear that song, uh, what's it called?
The, uh, yeah.
Jailhouse bitch.
Jailhouse bitch.
Yeah, can you play that for us?
Yes, I can.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
All right.
Have a great time, pal.
See you.
See you.
What the hell just happened there?
We have an open line at day 6-2-2-9, boy, that is good.
Man is that good.
Man.
That isn't good.
It's sensational.
That's how good it is.
Seriously.
That must have been some fine hood, whatever the hell it was when it was alive.
But boy, it sure is good now.
Open line at day, county 6-2-2-9, 463, two and brown, at 767-WYOT.
Here's a call from Atlanta.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Um, I'm on vacation in Atlanta.
I figured since you never get calls from, not that many calls from out of town.
I've heard you call.
That's right.
You know, you that use 88 line.
You sound pretty good on the radio.
I mean...
What is it?
Hello.
I'm listening to you, sir.
I'm trying.
I'm holding.
It sounds great.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I'm here if I can't hear your show, obviously.
Um, tomorrow's my birthday.
Yeah.
Can I get that little birthday thing?
Oh my god.
No.
Thank you.
And also, I was wondering if I can get a shame with your quest.
Okay, go ahead.
The big black guy named Ben.
But can I be part of your career?
Everybody wants to hear that.
And that's the one thing I don't have, because George refuses to find that for me.
I mean, we got it somewhere, but George keeps procrastinating.
He's not doing his job.
I think George has something against the big black guy named anything.
To be honest with you.
Oh, well...
Okay, well, I guess I'll talk to you when I get back to Miami.
Okay, have a great time, pal.
See you later.
See you.
Okay, we have an open line in the out of town.
Okay.
See you later.
See you later.
See you later.
See you later.
Ben here talking out loud, by the way, I don't want to get him upset.
He's in here talking out loud.
How can I try?
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Not that we can hear anything, of course, Eli.
But don't worry about it.
Here's a deer field.
Hello.
In the eel.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
A couple of things.
The guy that called before told you about the Howard program we're having before this morning.
It wasn't a program director.
It was a board op.
Oh, the board op call.
A regular rocket scientist.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you know who the board op is, don't you?
I don't know what that super Dave, I think he's the board op for that you over there on big.
That explains it.
Oh, okay.
He's a real puss.
So I just feel I give you the right information on that.
Uh-huh.
I've lost about 10-11 pounds on, uh, Akins.
Great.
And one other thing, can you place on for me?
I'll work on it.
Okay, okay, that Miami song that's a Miami dolphin song with Brian Cox.
Like for the girl.
Okay.
See you.
Okay.
Okay, so anyway.
Say, boy, let me see your license there.
What's the problem, officer?
Go a little fast, won't you?
Say, what's in the back seat?
Uh, nothing.
Crack rock.
Sitting in his back seat.
I said crack rock.
You can sell on the street.
You can smoke it.
And you'll catch a good buzz.
Just don't get pulled over by the buzz.
G-cop.
Singing with a big band.
He's a G-cop.
His nice pick in his hand.
He got busted.
With three pounds of dope.
So bent over and picked up the soap.
The party's over now at J-A-I-L.
You got busted and at J-A-I-L.
You were once a big dog, then you made the big switch.
And Jill, you're just a bus bitch.
The party's over now at J-A-I-L.
You got busted and at J-A-I-L.
You talk about immediate impact by the way, George.
Wow.
So I'll see you in a few minutes.
Folks, I'd like to see a song about American Drinks.
About me.
About you.
About the way our American heart's beating way down.
A lot of my brothers' chests.
About that special feeling we get in the cockles for hours.
Maybe below the cockles.
Maybe in the sub-cockle area.
Maybe in the liver.
Maybe in the kidneys.
Maybe even in the colon.
We don't know.
The artist's regular joke.
With a regular job.
I'm your average white.
Superb and I smile.
I like football and torn-o.
Books about gold.
I got an average house.
With a nice hardwood floor.
My wife and my job.
My kids and my car.
I'll feed on my table.
And a cube of cigars.
But sometimes I'm just hate enough to keep a man like me.
Oh no.
No wait.
I know I've got to go out and have fun.
And someone else's expense.
Oh yeah.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah.
I try really slow in the olds for fast playing.
Well, people behind me are going insane.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I use public toilets.
And I f*** on the seat.
I walk around in the summertime saying,
I'm about to ski.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
Sometimes I'm more in the handicap spaces.
While handicapped people make handicapped faces.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
I'm gonna fool you.
Baby, I should be singing this song.
Ranting and raving and carrying on.
Baby, they're right for they tell me I'm wrong.
Now I'm gonna steal the youth.
The only youth.
Come on, I told you.
I don't know.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 Cadillac Yolderado convertible.
Hot pink with a whale skin of hopper cats.
And all other cow in the interior.
And big brown baby seal eyes for headlines.
Yeah.
And I'm gonna drive around that baby at 150 miles per hour.
Just getting one mop for gallon.
Suck it now, pour it in.
I'm gonna use burgers for McDonald's.
The old fashioned, not by the great of all styrofoam containers.
And when I'm done sucking down those grease ball burgers.
I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag.
And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side.
And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side.
Because we got the bomb.
That's why.
Two words.
Nuclear.
And weapons of gas.
Russia, Germany, Romania.
They can have all the democracy they want.
They can have a big democracy.
They can walk right through the middle of the enemy square.
And it won't make a lick of difference.
Because we got the bomb.
So gas.
John Wayne's not dead.
He's frozen.
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna throw out that soup.
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off.
You know why?
The door's taken to cold shower.
We multiply that by 15 million times.
That's how pissed off the food's gonna be.
I'm gonna go to the doofy to John Casabetti's.
And we arm it in a second, and take a party.
And a case away.
And try to done a big thing.
You know who really are an asshole.
I should just shut up and sing this song, pal.
Come on up.
Come on up.
Come on up.
Come on up.
Come on up.
Hey, SSH-O.
L-E.
Hey, SSH-O.
L-E.
L-E.
I'm an asshole.
And I'm proud of it.
Talk 27 at W-I-D.
I'll tell you what.
Not only is this lunch sensational, the food is phenomenal.
The pork is unbeatable, but...
It'll make you sh-
Wow. Immediately, if not sooner.
We have an opener.
I'm telling you, man, that was just a moving experience.
I was running up and out at home.
Didn't make it.
Open line at Broward, 767-9463.
Well, Irene was out there.
It's hard to...
Hard to control yourself when she's out there.
Are they still screaming at each other out there?
Who's that?
Irene and Harry.
No.
They were screaming at each other?
I just can't stand that slow.
Are you serious?
Irene were screaming.
We shouldn't exaggerate.
They were shouting.
They were having words.
About what?
But I thought he was so mild-mannered and meek and reasonable, etc.
And drank a lot of diet soda.
Anyway, it's a 1228-2WID.
They're going to remake this place.
They're going to whip it in the shape.
Make no mistake about that.
Oh, God.
That's what happens when you eat on the air.
Oh, God.
When you get like a little...
A little a little bit of that mung like caught in the corner of your throat.
I had one in my mouth once.
I'm very zoned.
The equal purchase can be priced based on 2000 down cash or true.
It includes all rebates plus tax tag and title.
The proof credits see we can pay for 40 tails.
610 WIOD.
When lightning is coming.
Here at your first.
Hey, man.
It's true.
I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
But only if you're driving beside me.
He'll wipe back in the bathroom.
He'll be running down the hallway back to the bathroom.
Hey, I'll be here.
Oh, sorry.
It's good pork though.
It's an asshole celebration.
And they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk.
Oh, here them shuffling feet.
That's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the native.
Step aside, good people.
There's the assholes on the road.
We've got the assholes for freedom.
The assholes for fun.
The assholes for Jesus.
The assholes for guns.
The assholes for justice.
The assholes for crime.
The assholes for assholes.
The assholes for all the time.
We've got assholes making money.
They're making all the rules.
They're taking all our jobs.
They're filling up our schools.
Assholes on the water.
Assholes on the sky.
They sign the system.
One is only assholes need a fly.
They're traveling the chicken for a car.
Wrong bank, Adam.
Oh, teacher, won't you tell me?
I've got really made a grade.
I might help my class.
Or am I just another asshole?
I'm a great.
Assholes get the orders.
And assholes throw the boat.
Assholes get elected.
Because assholes get to float.
I want certain things.
That all assholes never die.
They just lay in bed in small fly.
Assholes in the morning.
Assholes every night.
Assholes are left in.
Assholes for the parade.
Assholes for the parade.
Assholes from the main.
People in the assholes are parade.
Boy.
I want to tell you one thing.
If you don't believe in God,
you're missing the boat.
Because I have never seen such instant punishment.
Any two of who eats pork on paysocks and...
There you go.
Man, oh man, thank God for those long assholes songs, huh?
That must be it, the Jewish thing.
Because I'm fine.
I had at least as much as you did.
And you really think that's connected with this?
I haven't eaten this long enough to have any digestive reaction to this.
They would say if they pretended they knew what they were talking about.
You're being smitten.
I'm being smitten by the Lord.
Because what's his name?
Mark Budpax and Sonnermaw said at the game last night,
F. Neill Rogers and Lord Hurtid, he said,
OK, and I said, no way, Jose.
By the way, how's Jose doing?
We have an open line at Broward, 7679463767WYOD.
Here's Haya Leah.
Hello.
Neill God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
Sorry about that, by the way.
But hey, nature was calling.
But hey, yes, that's what you get for eating pork, Neill.
Pork on paysocks.
Neill, man, you're going to rot in hell, man.
So what if that pork will kill you?
I had one in my mouth once.
Yeah.
Hey, Neill, when did you forget the game was over last night?
When we scored the first goal.
Yeah.
Right.
Man, those panties either.
No, I was a little bit nervous.
You know, there were still 16 and a half minutes when he called
when the alignsman came over and said,
by the way, you weren't watching the game, Kerry.
You were busy.
You didn't want to turn your head because you get your hair out of place.
And it was like a high stick and carpets as face.
And Lindsay's going to get a double miner.
And at that point, I got very nervous because if they would have scored then,
they could have made a game out of it.
Yeah, but you know.
But that's when we really showed our true colors, man.
And we showed that we had balls love a hippopotamus.
We have balls.
That's all we have, Neill.
Now listen, they're giving the game on Sunshine and that high ping I was with there.
Yeah.
What the hell is you doing on TV?
By the way, the Wayne High Pinger Republic Industries is up to 28 and a quarter yesterday.
Oh!
I know what it's doing today, but it's going back up.
Nice going, Wayne.
Baldi.
They're messing up our kids' television and putting high ping on TV, man.
Yeah.
And I asked for, thank you for paying the asses on.
I was like, I was going to request for it because, you know, I figured Neill
doesn't want to do anything today.
He just wants to, it's already classified if today, right?
What are you talking about?
We're hockey intensive, man.
Hockey.
Panther is panther is pancer.
How many people have Baldi Shultay talking about panther?
Two.
All right.
See?
Everything.
What can I say to you, right?
All right, Neill.
You have a good day.
And happy pay soft pound.
Two, man.
Okay.
Don't eat no pork.
Well, we have an open line in day at 622, W-I-O-D.
We have an open line in Broward, 767, 946, 3.
So Irene Richard was having a cocktail tops with Harry Penis out in the hallway.
It wasn't his butt.
It matters all that from what I had.
And he said, if you want to do a talk show on another station, go ahead.
Nice going, Harry.
That's the first smart movie he's done since he's been here besides rinking all that diet.
So what are you smirking about?
Irene Richard walking around here like she's, like she's holding this plate, like she's the lapage's glue that's holding this place together.
I just can't stand that slow.
Oh my God.
Irene Richard back stabbing maniac.
Phony, airsatz.
I had travel show, man.
Now listen, let me ask you this.
Does she know Susie Gerard?
I'm wondering about how she got that show in her first place.
Of course, we understand that packs in this straighter life.
I love 94, which is always why she came back over here expecting it would be different.
That would be like my going down the dialer for while saying, oh, by the way,
I think I'm going back to Buddy Bud.
I'm going back over there.
I got religion.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How about them Panthers?
How about them Panthers?
Looking for them.
A bigger part?
Whatever.
The Panthers are going to go all the way this year.
Right.
Stanley Cop, I can smell up.
Yup, and Corridor Rottos are going to go down.
They're going down.
Yeah, I think Tiger Woods and Dennis Raman should leave out of this world.
Okay.
I'll tell him you said so and have a great life.
Get out of here.
We have an open-minded day at 622WID.
We have an open-minded Broward at 7679463.
Boy, they're sure as an ample amount of pork here, huh?
Let's go to a Weston.
Hello.
Happy Paisal.
And back to you.
How are you?
Great.
What a great day for the Yiddlaugh.
Oh, that sounded bad.
Great day for the Yiddlaugh.
For the Yiddlaugh.
For the Yiddlaugh, yeah.
And I'm a goyam, I can say that.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of practice.
What do you decide me to twin?
Yeah.
This guy's a goyam.
I'm a goyam and I can say, okay.
I want to throw another nice endorsement to Randy Maltos and the team.
Uh-huh.
They got me off, baby.
Grand in the Ticket 2.
Ha, ha.
Randy and the team did it once again, man.
They're great.
They're the best.
They asked a minute if they made it go away.
All away.
Just an extra little piece of, uh...
The only thing better than Randy Maltos and the Ticket Defense team are the plantation cops who love me.
And I love them.
That's for them.
I love them.
They're great.
Randy and the team is the best, man.
Like I said.
I had a little problem last week.
I didn't think it was going to work.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Who's walking on the roof now?
Is Irene Richard?
Does she like take off and go into orbit and land on the roof?
Somebody is pounding on the roof up here now.
For this place is just done.
It's last leg.
You can smell it.
Yeah, that's it.
Ooh.
Sorry.
That's okay.
I thought I was done.
Anyway, you were saying?
Well, go panthers.
Congratulations to the team.
Nice work.
Well, it was great.
It was a night to remember, man.
It was a night to fondle and squeeze and hold on to.
Did you get a chance to listen to Bill Murphy last night?
Bill Murphy?
Murphy, one of my old compadres.
We used to work in the trailer park radio station a long time ago.
And what he's doing for this past weekend, for next week,
from 10 to midnight, is he's got his own show on Smurf 16.
He's talking about sports and he's doing it with hockey.
Did I get a chance to listen to Bill Murphy?
You are a comedian, man.
Talk about getting a shameless plug for your friend.
Come on, Murphy.
No, but it can even pick up their radio station.
Are you off your rocker?
Well, if you're in the Bahamas.
Yeah, right.
Well, try it tonight from the last day.
I'll tell Steven J. Gay.
He goes there every weekend.
Good luck, pal.
Get out of here.
Two open lines in Broward, 7679463, 767WOD, on Smurf 16,
which was just purchased by the way by these maniacs in here,
by these very naive Jews that work in this magic marketing building.
What a joke that is.
A station 1690 on the dollar, something like that.
It's off the end of your dial.
It's off.
It's further on the right than Rush Limbaugh and Gordon Litty.
That's how far the right it is.
Nobody can pick it up.
It's got a signal that goes straight up into the year.
If you're like in a helicopter right over there,
towers man, they come in great.
Of course, you don't want to hear it anyway,
but they come in great.
Another packs in the station that he's dumping off.
Here's Carl Gables on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wondered what just happened with the teach it to,
not eating your car, which is happening there.
And I was also thinking that it was a light to be at the game last night.
I remember you.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's back up a second.
What was it about eating in the car?
Oh, I was just saying, what just happened to you?
We'll teach you not to eat in your car.
Oh, yeah. Good point.
Next one.
Anyway, I pooped my pants.
Uh-huh.
Yes, especially that in my new Corvette.
Wouldn't that be a grotesque disgusting thing?
Looks too good for that.
I didn't mind the other one.
That's why I traded it in.
Anyway, I was saying the light to be there last night
and reminding me of being the first game last year.
And some guy had that Stanley Cup up in the upper deck.
Yeah.
I put the light on that and it was like, I remember last year kind of snickering going like,
yeah, right.
I'm telling you with the beavers and the way we're playing, if we can get that correct.
We got a shot, man.
There's no question about it.
Um, Samus request.
Yes, sir.
I knew there was something funny about that guy, eh?
Great cherry on top.
What?
About the coach.
Kennedy's coach.
Yeah.
Don Sherries.
Oh, that's it.
Well, guess what?
What that can't do it.
That's the disc that died.
Oh, that's my many discs.
That's my many discs that Howard never brought back by the way because it died.
Never mind, sir.
You got all the great stuff on it, by the way.
Had all my Mike Lang stuff on there.
All the great stuff was on at this number 13.
I guess that isn't an lucky number, right Danny Boy?
That's right.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
When you go down the dial, you're going to be able to take things like Roy and all that with you.
Why not?
Okay.
We can take the sound.
We shouldn't want to take him.
Have a great day, pal.
All right, thank you.
Take a bite.
610 WIOT.
It's a party out there.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Now the post depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life with your flight, his or life.
He's got a job for you to do.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the big B on your chest and bull-drews you tight dress.
You're bending those two-hour old friends.
Roger Mary.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sense the bad guy's straight to hell.
When a building starts too low with your image then we know
you're crushing ground with one mighty fall.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
1250 WIOT.
If anybody's seen Fat Boys 401K from Cox Broadcasting please call in immediately
advanced in there.
I think it's right there in the side of the bank building with the Virgin Mary.
We have an open line in Broward better go over to clear water before somebody grabs it.
7679-463 we got two open lines any out of time lines.
Our topic today is Tiger Readie got wood.
Here's a poppin'o call.
How about that game last night?
I loved it.
I know that you brought my favorite part was here in that nice lady tell me about how to pass in the sun.
I was in the elevator telling her that F Neal Rogers.
That was my favorite part of the whole night.
That was a great game.
I know you played it a few times today but I want to hear some more Panther goals last night.
Okay, good luck to you.
Two open lines in Broward.
7679-463.
See if we have scored 7 or 8 I'd play some more but we only scored three and since I played that twice that's probably enough for the moment.
How about this?
That should be enough.
767-WIOD in Broward.
Here's Boka.
Hey Neal, how's it going?
Great.
Listen, you hit home with me when you played that Generette highlight.
Uh-huh.
I spent 31 years in Buffalo and I can't quite shake the Sabers fever.
Well, I got a hell of a team and I'm going to tell you if they get by Ottawa which I was a tough game last night.
But if they get by them and they get Barnaby back then they're going to be real tough.
You know what, you were talking about real hockey fans and unless you're from that part of the United States.
I mean, I played hockey for a long time and you got to be real hockey fans when you come from that.
There's so many great teams and so much great history up there.
And Generette is easily one of the best so if you could do me a favor you could play another one.
I mean, I've been down here for a year and a half.
I haven't heard the guy, you know, I've been away from the Sabers for like a year now and I miss him and to hear that guy's voice is just magic.
Yeah.
And great show Neal, I appreciate it.
It is.
Take care.
See ya.
Okay, so we want to play all the Panther goals again, more with Rick Generette.
We have an open line in dates.
622-29463.
Welcome to hockey central.
Now that the playoffs have started, you don't think we're going to be doing this every day for nine weeks do you?
Maybe, maybe not.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see what directives come down from the upper echelon of course and say are going to be directing our topics on the show.
You know how you have like fortune cookies and Chinese restaurants like the Emerald Coast and they have little other.
What we're going to be doing is passing out fortune cookies, you crack one open.
It's got the topic for your show that day and we just pass them around.
Here you go.
Here's the bowl pick one out at a topic too.
Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, can I make a request?
It's all request Friday.
I want to hear everybody's in a great mood.
The Pax is on like fiddle on the roof.
Yeah, if I were a bug Paxi, you mean that one?
Yeah, the Goy song.
The Goy song for the Goyam.
Yeah.
Okay, happy paysock.
Thanks, Jim.
See ya.
There you go.
Another Jew.
Just like Jim Skyler.
Boka Brian.
All the Idlach.
If I was a Paxon.
A No England's a Goyam like Roy.
I'd have a radio network that nobody carries.
But everyone has to run the spots.
TV cable real estate I would own.
I'd have a half a dozen big epip stations and 607 AM stations too.
And that's just in hell and they're low.
Boy.
If I was a Paxon.
Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah.
Old day long guide fiddle with my knob.
If I was my Paxon's boy.
I'd rearrange the format.
Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the yeah.
I've have shekels.
You know what I mean.
I'd be richer than the freaking Queen.
Wayne High Zenga would be burning cream.
If I was that Paxon, Goy.
Boy.
Five seconds remaining in the first and third panelist.
Watch your lungs, the male laying out of the line.
Watch your aching ears, the third and the last.
In the last six and the Kelly.
Please, I'm going to finish the goal.
Gary Himalayan.
What's in it?
How is our couple of seconds to late?
So the train was only one man down in the Ripley's family boxes empty.
Okay, Rick Jetta right again, having another stroke.
Here's a man that said 14,285 strokes and he still don't show it on that red pusahes.
He's okay in my book.
We have an open line and Broward has in two of them.
7679463.
After the news, by the way, we're going to take a play the tape of the
Contra Thompson between Irene Richard and Harry penis in a hallway that occurred about an hour ago.
It was incredible.
We have it on tape and we'll be playing it for you.
Coming up tonight.
Rooms Williams in drag.
Six, ten, W-I-O-D.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Oh boy.
It's the one to two hour.
Hey, do you want to run faster?
Jubhire and make the blind see again.
Why do you want to move like the wind?
Show like an eagle and raise people from the dead huh?
Yeah.
But there's only one show little dude.
Be all new.
Air Jesus.
Jesus.
Air Jesus.
Just put a bear on.
What they'll do for your game is a miracle.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Two of the boys take it out.
What are they doing with Air Jesus shoes?
Yeah, why?
Why?
You can just push the button man.
Let's see.
Oh.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Now give me a ball.
Three.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
The secret of Air Jesus lies in the soul.
The patent is Cushion Jammer is filled with avion.
Carefully laid into the scene so every part of your foot is always walking the underwater.
Sorry.
Not responsible for anyone in chamber that turns to wise.
And coming soon.
Look for the only Air Jesus cross-trainer.
Air Jesus.
Air Jesus.
It will make you feel like you're born again.
Oi.
Happy pay sauce by the way.
It was the last supper, why not?
Yeah.
103 at W.I.O.D.
So by the way speaking the last supper, thanks again to Poio Tropicolis.
This is great stuff not only to pork any onions, but I've just figured since I'm eating
tracue anyway, I might as well walk across the table there and try one of these.
Are these the afraid Yuka?
Yuka Frita.
Oh man.
Those are good.
You don't have to.
Huh?
No, when you first put in your mouth, it's a little bit bland.
But then as you start chewing on it and getting the absorbing all the flavors and rolling
it around in your push.
Hmm.
Seriously, it tastes like a like a big French fries.
You want to say?
I had one in my mouth once.
We have an open line at day at 6222 W.I.O.D.
We have one in Broward 7679463.
So evidently, somebody stole the tape.
We had the tape of Irene Richard and our new program director, Harry Penis, and all
the way evidently duking it out, screaming and yelling and carrying on.
And he invited her to take her a good someplace else.
Oh, there it is.
But we'll pack you a salami sandwich.
Irene, happy payslok and by the way, don't come back.
Nice move, Harry.
I know you had it, isn't you?
We have an open line at day at 6222 W.I.O.D.
463 W.I.O.D.
6222.
Okay, so I'm stealing your material because Adam said he said he had the same line for
care on last night.
6222.
9463.
Oh, see, got this punisher me again.
Oh, God.
All I did was get up to walk across the table.
And that you could just stuck in my craw.
Oh, God.
Yeah, you better take over the show.
Man, I may need Heimlich.
Open line at day at 6222 W.I.O.D.
That's a good one.
How serious I got a little piece stuck in my throat.
There it is.
Oh, huh?
Am I turning purple yet?
All right.
It's turning purple.
Here's candle.
Hello.
Neil?
Yeah.
Say anything?
Yes.
Hey, I'd like to thank you for turning me on.
Miroslav Shetan.
That's me.
Number 81 on the Edmonton Oilers.
Edmonton Oilers.
Edmonton Oilers.
Oh, there it is.
You see that?
It just popped out.
And a little piece of you could too.
It just popped right out.
Huh?
Slimey.
Look at it.
Ooh.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Just want to say thanks for turning me on to the Edmonton.
And how are you doing on it?
15 pounds and counting.
All right.
All right.
There's more in there.
I didn't call to make a...
I didn't call to kiss up.
I called to make a shameless request.
I don't see here the...
Go ahead.
This is great radio.
Isn't it?
Listen to Neil Dye in here.
I'm just faking it.
Yeah, what is it?
Do you got that two joint song?
Some more?
Yeah.
I'd love to hear it.
I got two joints.
How about you?
I hope so.
Okay.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Thanks, bud.
This is not make-believe.
It's your fault, too.
You're the one who made me eat this big food.
It's a damn-spic conspiracy.
Man, no.
You need someone to go in there and hide him like you.
Yeah, red.
Go in there.
Get CT back.
Get going on.
There's a stuck in there.
On Passover, no less.
How the hell can you fake God out when you got the evidence stuck in your throat?
And the Yuka, too.
It's in there deep, all the time.
I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
All right.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel all right.
I hope to join this time of week.
And doing time of war.
I hope to join before I hope to join.
And say that I hope to more.
Oh, my daddy won't know me.
Son, you'll be hardworking man.
My mama, she wants to meet you.
Son, you do the best you can.
But then one day, I met a man,
who came to me instead.
Hard will soon and hard will find.
But first take care of him.
So now I hope to join when I get him.
Okay.
All right.
Hope to join.
I hope to join when I play the game.
And at every 10,000 points.
Are you?
I hope to join this time of week.
And doing time of war.
It's good.
I hope to join before I hope to join.
And say that I hope to more.
Oh, my daddy won't stop me.
Son, you'll be hardworking man.
But my mama, she wants to meet you.
Son, you'll do the best you can.
But then one day,
I met a man,
who came to me instead.
Hard will soon and hard will find.
But first take care of him.
That's why I hope to join in the morning.
I hope to join tonight.
I hope to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel all right.
I hope to join in time of week.
And doing time of war.
I hope to join before I hope to join.
And then I hope to more.
Oh, to join.
That's what I do.
Oh, to join.
Come and hope to join with me any morning.
Oh, to join.
Come and hope to join with me any afternoon.
Okay.
Oh, to join.
Hey, would you rather go join someone rather than me or homework?
Oh, to join.
I know you weren't gonna say that.
Oh, to join.
Oh, to join.
Oh, to join.
That's what I do.
Oh, to join.
One cent at W. I.O.D.
We have two open lines in a day at 6229463.
6222. W. I.O.D.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes. I am curious.
I just started the deck and I, excuse me, a deck and a diet.
I'm sorry.
The deck and diet and pretty much I heard a lot of it on your show and I started it.
And a lunch time, I can't find a place that I can go to lunch without cheating.
Why can't you have an omelette?
Well, the place that I go usually don't have breakfast at lunch time.
Or how about a, like a nice big cheeseburger with no bun?
Stakin' salad.
I've done that.
Stakin' salad.
Huh?
Well, I've heard that there's certain restaurants that cater towards that or recognize that.
The cater the eggens diet, not that I know of.
Not cater, but recognize it and have certain foods that would be under the menu.
It's not type thing.
I don't know if you've ever heard of it.
Well, I know Lorenzo's has that the Caterian grill over there that could do that.
The Caterian restaurant, they have atkins meals that they prepare over there.
That's probably what I heard it from.
Yeah.
Okay, I was just curious because I've heard rumors about it, but I never heard an actual name of a restaurant.
But I mean, you can go like, you can go right up, I don't know where you are, where are you?
Four-large, L.A.R.E. and Sunrise.
Oh.
But I mean, I'm thinking like where I'm here on Sheridan.
You can go right up the street here to Wolfies, which is our sponsor course, and get like a, you know, a nice big cheeseburger with no bun.
Or you go up to Stakin' Aligha, nice steak and a salad and stick to it.
Yeah.
So I really, that's hard. There's a, there's a Jillian things you can eat on it.
Well, I've read the man using, or things that you can eat and can't eat, but it's, you know, I'm stuck to fast food because I don't have that much time.
Yeah.
You're through Wendy's Drive-Thru telling me why to double-cheap bacon cheeseburger atkins style, they'll, they'll take off the bun.
I'll just give it to you in the, in the, uh, foil wrap.
They will.
They will.
Okay, well, I appreciate your time.
So if there's, uh, the will, there's a way.
Yes, sir.
Okay, good luck.
Thank you, sir.
Bye-bye.
We have an open-line at Broward, 7679-463-7677, W-Y-D-Man, am I feeling great that game last night, this delicious lunch today, although we didn't pay for this lunch, that's bad.
It is one of our fine sponsors, though that makes it okay.
Oh, and speaking of that, I don't want to get somebody very, very upset because she frowns on us talking about our dryers and about our, they said about it.
Not too bad, bitch.
But at any rate, so, uh, yesterday, yesterday afternoon, my good friends from Aquithin came by and put me in a system.
They took out that old piece of direct that was in there and it just dawned on me, you know, I talked about the fact that they came and they took the sample of the water out of the tap and issued me all a chlorine in there.
That was still with the system that I had in there before for the last five years, which even I had it like a refilter to whatever it was, and there was still a lot of chlorine in my water with a filter with a system.
So you can imagine if you don't have any system, the stuff that's coming out of your tap.
This is not a spot, but just a testimonial because they did a fantastic job.
They were there less than an hour and they put in a beautiful system and other water in my ice cubes and the tap and everywhere in the house.
You could just spritz yourself with it.
It's great.
So thanks a lot, guys.
John and P.K. was at his name P.O.P. He was a good guy.
Did a great job and we appreciate it.
And I paid for it by the way.
Don't want to get you upset.
I paid for it.
Plenty, sweetheart.
Here's a mobile in higher.
Hello.
Hey, I knew how you do.
Yes sir, great.
Good.
Did you happen to catch any highlights at all of what Lindross did in a third period basically?
I didn't see one second of the Philly Pittsburgh game.
He for about 45 seconds held the puck in on his own without a stick in his hand until he finally got a stick and then played it out in front, which they almost scored on.
It was unbelievable.
He had cast for it at all over him and he was just elbowing people away from him.
How do I hear it?
Nice going.
There's a player for you man.
Yeah, they look good.
He's people to talk about how dirty he is.
Let me say it again.
The great players are dirty players and Eric is great.
Oh, Gordy Halgall, all the way back to the original.
Maurice Rechard, all of them.
Absolutely.
Well, I have no request for you.
Just have a happy holiday.
And back to you.
All right.
See you.
Two open lines in date.
6229463622.
So Brooke won't be on Monday and Tuesday night because of the very Jewish holidays.
Don't eat too much chocolate, Monsus, sweetheart.
You could afford to lose a half a pound.
Maybe about a quarter of a pound you'd be perfect.
She's great.
Set.
610WIOD.
You're a crucial party station of the American Family Federation.
You're a lifeless, it's my lover.
When I was getting kind of tired of her endless chatter
Nothing I could say he really seemed a matter.
So I went channel surfing just to clear my head.
A thing that came on an interface turned.
Ready?
Was a stoge marathon.
Talk about satisfaction, honey.
A little less talk.
And a lot more action.
You like the radio?
But me, I love it.
You've got it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, I love the three stooges and their 30-minute shows.
Curly shit, Mo and Larry and how about Joe?
Yeah, huh.
I love it when Larry ducks.
Curly gets it in the head.
I have the remote control and one hand laughing in my bed.
Swing.
I was in TV heaven while my wife was a pack
And honey, the less talk and a lot more action.
The less talk and turn up my show.
I love the three stooges I've watched nine in a row.
It's a stoge marathon.
It's a nightmare attraction.
And it's better than you.
And I get satisfaction.
Oh, so it is.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
See the less talk and a lot more action.
Swing, please.
One, two, three, four, one, two.
One, two, three, four, one, two.
One, two, three, four, one, two.
So we're going to go to the game.
Here's Kendall on the mobile.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd just like to talk a little bit about the game last night.
Yes, sir.
Hey, we give a lot of credit to those that scored the goals,
but Cartner and Warp really stepped up to the play last night.
Yeah, what about Jody Hall?
Jody Hall?
What about Jody Hall, sir?
What about Murphy took that shot right in the gut?
Yeah.
Saved it.
But when Beezer got there and when he got the Beezer,
he saved it, too.
Right.
I'd like to thank you for the autograph last night attached to your ticket.
I appreciate that very much.
Yes.
And I forgot to attach the $50 bill you requested, but you know,
you can only push somebody so far, you know.
Yeah.
And I'd like nothing to get a shameless request.
Oh my God.
You don't ask for much, do you, pal?
I'm sorry.
Hey, we'll ask the guards you like.
I'll bring you one Sunday.
Since the auto.
Whatever you like.
Okay, thank you.
Whatever I'll make George happy.
Okay.
I'm off the guards for a while.
I'm letting my pussy heal up and it's just about 99% healed.
I'm not building no more tumors to list when he heals up.
What is it?
The KCK some top 10 with the football player that writes him.
Okay.
And can I call somebody to do this back?
Oh my God.
I'm sorry.
Tool, you non-glass-mession.
Copper splice.
God.
Jesus.
Thank you, Neil.
Get out of here.
My open line in day 62.
We have an open line in the mobile on purple line.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
Okay.
Do you see how love is tabooed?
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say,
because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherished each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
Oh, you're new to me.
You're new to me.
You're new to me.
You're new to me.
You're new to me.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a light of the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When lights go out at 10,
I can't expect the way I feel.
Now that would be a prime.
As long as I am doing you.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I like it.
I got you for a candy bar.
And a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you're all my friend.
I knew that I would give you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
I guess that you were sent from up above.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, and now you are my prisoner.
Oh, oh, I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
Oh, oh, oh.
Only have a one request.
How about some gasoline?
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
The sentence made to seven years.
Now seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You mean for many.
I really hate these markers.
That you tattooed on my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm bored of picking up the cell.
And over prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Turn up the lights because I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I'd leave I'll stay.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch.
Is never leaving you.
I hurt you when I sold me.
But now you're my soulmate.
So prepare me, prepare me.
I know, not again.
No one knew what they call you.
Hard criminal.
You're about to find out when you call this the polka.
We.
We.
On 27 at WIO Day.
It's a very, very solemn pass over.
Many disc number 13 is dead.
It's dead.
We're going to be saying cottage.
We're going to get a minion together now.
And say cottage in just a few minutes here for both Irene Richard and many disc number 13.
It's almost worthwhile.
In fact, it is a good bargain.
Anyway, if you want to get something great for free, just pick up the phone right now and call 1-800-4-Hydron.
Think about her that I can't understand.
Is she really comes in here like sucking around like we like her?
Irene, don't you understand?
Just ask the bird.
He'll tell you.
We can't stand you.
6-10 WIO-D.
It's hard.
It is very hard.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
The road is calling.
I am the road.
And I'm so bored.
It's been so long since someone knew it's coming in my life.
And I've been caressed.
Excited.
Hey, what was that?
That was the only Nexus E has 300.
You mean that was it?
What do you mean it?
I mean it is in Wambam Thanking Man.
Yes.
Well, thanks for nothing, Mr. I got mine now.
You get yours.
The only Nexus E has 300.
Yeah, big man.
The big shiny $36,000 phallic symbol for premature ejaculators.
Change the road.
Mr. Jani.
Come early.
But it won't be calling you back.
133 of WIO-D.
So let's figure out what the average person out there who is like sweating their ass off.
It's not that hot today.
By the way, it's a very pleasant day, right?
It's beautiful.
It's an ice fall day in the middle of April.
It should be 95.
It's like 175.
It's great.
So the average person out there,
what are they thinking about?
What are they pissed off about?
What is it that can help us get those peaks of 20 shares?
Are they thinking about that Panther game last night?
course not of course not are they thinking about are they gonna be listening to
marina irine Richards and that's super travel show i just can't stand that
of course not are they thinking about that big heat game that's coming up
tonight on wio d no of course not they're thinking about getting laid here's
adventurer hello hello yes sir this is your favorite shyster from Detroit yeah
just called to tell you oh you guys are really taking the tank man you're really
sucking a big one yeah well i could you guys really blow to nothing man it
really stick to join out well might as well throw in the towel i just finished
reading the article from dickburton and what he said about you it's very nice
yes it was and i want to tell you one more thing that's why he's my favorite
dick in Detroit yes i i smoke two giants at the sater and two when they open the
door and a season pays off to you one more thing i can't put don't don't take the
octopus it's trade yes i have to tell you one more thing yeah that that i hope
that they get fill Henry back to yeah that would be nice who they anybody i
miss them okay thanks see ya yeah feels coming to Detroit we have an open line
and uh... date in Detroit six two two nine four six three in fact feel will be here
on monday there's a guy that's a Prussian he's the general in the army he's the
one that started a whole damn first world war there's the Prussian guy and he must
though that feel becoming here's plantation hello your roger yes sir i got
a request for you that's gonna put this down on its rear on its rectum yes
record when they went nuts over that interception don't have it don't have it
i mean somewhere but i don't have it like in my fingertip you got to dig it out
that's the best don't have it
a sense broke isn't going to be here monday and two they maybe feel could do the
night
there you go there's a thought
we have an open line of power seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w i do sure be good good to see my good old friend bill zimper again down the road
wanted here's a lady in the row pombi chill out
hello yes ma'am hi yeah let's not been listening to your show for a few weeks now
i've been here from Ireland yes you're from Ireland yeah oh what a great place to be
well fast yeah yeah well fast wow you're the one that got out that's right
i was wondering would you i was listening to your program a few weeks ago and
yes thanks and i'd to ragan mortis and you know other kind of you know songs along
that line right and i was wondering would you take that for me and send it to me
in real com beach please would i tape it like personally in the majority of
but he'd take it for me and you're absolutely if you send your to a couple of
bucks he'll do almost anything okay hang on and George will tell you exactly a word
of a stick it i mean we're descended hang on thank you hang on okay line 12 take your
own charger double so anyway mark hopman just came by and he said i was not the
marketing elevator who said that last night but f you anyway just for the hell of it
oh look at look at this look at that oh my god
that is one of the most amazing things i have ever yanked out of a folder in my
life look at that wow look at the size of that thing okay here's a pepper pines hello
yeah yes sir here are some of us wanting to do important things like talk about hockey yeah
and we got women calling for their husbands to play prison prison bitch for the 20 million
times i know exactly that that bitch is dead unbelievable i don't have a voice as you can tell
bring it here we go four seconds worth oh yes we do that's enough i don't have a voice left
from yelling at the game last night yeah it was wonderful wasn't that a great time man that was
what it's all about that was just i loved it these guys i'm telling you that it's the most
untold story in the history of the human race that chemistry is back these guys are playing as a
everybody did their part except Eddie and uh it was it was dynamite well let's hope that
that and you notice something by the way the coach took my advice he puts strata in there he put
you know who on a bench and if he just doesn't mess with this lineup if everybody stays healthy
and if he just leaves this lineup in there man we're gonna kick ass oh well let's talk about that
a little bit of yeah i've been home i want to hear that i want to hear you know keep the energy going
right right right um guy calls up he's going on all great game this and that you know i mean
you don't mean the rat man do you sorry the first call was the rat man now this was half a little
way into the program you're talking about the one about how come they didn't play any on the
killing penalties how come he didn't do this how come he didn't do that how could like wait a
minute we won the game convincing rate plus Eddie stuck the joint out the less we saw him the better
off we were thank you right thank you and Eddie Eddie see ya see ya bye bye Eddie you know just
a pack of a sandwich and let him watch now the people sitting beside me did note that you left
the game with 45 points that is absolutely correct and you know something i make no apologies
because we we got out of there with no traffic it was a higher driving home and that's the only
smart way to go and you know the reason i do that and i've said this before is because we're not
down that many rows but we're down our few rows and roll our right the people on the left end
on the uh and near the uh near the doorway there they they don't they don't like to leave they
want to stay there until everybody is left the building so trying to get out of there at the end
of the game they just kind of stand there like did people at the end and prevent you from like
really scooting out of there fast so you always have to get out with like about 30 seconds
a minute to go and then even if it's very close and exciting you stand up by the handy captain
watch but at least you have a chance to make a dash for it well no you're right there there
was one guy though in my section left with 10 28 left to go oh nice very nice come on you know
we need to do them i because it's usually the trouble makers and i don't know about your
section but definitely a mind my section was great last night i commend them highly and if they
just keep it up we'll give them a medal at the end of the playoffs if it's not people who the
seed owners give the tickets to the truck now you're talking those corporate ticket owners
they give them a bunch of assholes then we got problems amen that's right if you're naming on the
ticket you don't sit in the seat right i got a guy like that bring on Colorado all right
right now see ya we have it oh not yet let's get worked up for them okay that's the ways off
they're gonna be tough they're gonna be dynamite like i said yesterday don't take those guys lightly
they are deep they are deep you could dig a hole to china and not be as deep as the Colorado
Lanch they are lanching and we have an open line on the out of town line by the way one triple eight
four seven four this is what moishi out there in uh pember pines is worried about today as he's
driving home on a hot brutal day from work he's worried about does he have tickets for the game
on sunday and probably don't and he's worried about his neal gonna be here on monday to play the
highlights from the game just in case it's really great and to whip everybody up into a frenzy again
as we win four to one on sunday and take a two zip lead over the rangers go to new york next Tuesday
and wednesday or whatever it is is neal gonna be here on monday well why i think are we
last time i checked you know what i say if neal
here's uh that's what i heard the game last night that's it's going around if michael crawlyon
if neal bob neal here's hollywood hello neal yes sir i pulled things real quick uh
great game of night i'm glad you smash kretzky they banged a man billy lindsey smacked him he pushed
whacked him he pushed whacked a man i think you uh shamed as your quest i want to hear that if you can
please the star wars uh canteen i think it is oh my god and then closing everybody is saying i'm
gonna bring you to go over to bring you to go you know what i'm gonna bring you a big fat blunt so
you can smoke it up there okay sounds sounds like a weiner to me bye bye is it yeah all right oh i
can't turn him down on that star wars canteen i already put that thing away oh but hey when you
getting off for like that when you getting off for like that i realize it isn't very
assimilating for those who want to do heavy duty topics and who want to like uh you know move the
audience in particular directions and manipulate the audience and do a real bunch of contrived stuff
but you know something i don't believe in contrived stuff i just believe in doing a show i don't
believe in doing contrived stuff because quite frankly it's boring and to me the number one offence
that you can do when you're doing a show that's supposed to be entertaining is put everybody into a
coma and bore them the tears okay with all the respects to all these experts they brought in here
to the consultant and his girlfriend and everybody else i know they know a lot better than we do
because this station has sure been a massive failure these last eight years hasnet George it's a
miracle that we somehow managed to stay on here with our seven eight shares it's a freaking miracle
that's what Bob Neal said yeah both screw Bob Neal okay what he knows about radio you could
stick in his rectum and have room for the Chinese army left over and the goyem god almighty Bob
Neal what a joke that where the hell is that star wars canteen what this is that 49
i sure hope not for his sake because if it's 49 he's got some real towards it's cut 17 i'll tell you
that okay let's go through let's do this again okay oh i found it dammit okay so get your
blunt ready pal because i found it 143 at wio d
six times wio d the station that reaches the beaches but can't be heard in the office
hey we know our limits it's why they're you best days
help me oh
oh
her name was lea she was a princess hey asshole
the Danish honey cheer and are they drawing me so i do these two
the men can only we want we have to put the desktop plans into the rebellions hands so look
and oh be one have to get to all the run so they stopped into more size like to have a drink
with hot at the star wars star wars canteen
the weirdest creatures you've ever seen
up
he has the star wars star wars canteen
music and masters and all Jedi masters at the star wars
four tattoos past four years name was solo
hot show he was a pilot with the laughter at his time and a smile well five sex wide there with
two vodka he was a wolf he they met with looking obi one about the millennium for
conduct in bay 94 don't troopers after door with a flash of beds lights
they come as an arm on the floor the star wars star wars canteen
us the weirdest creatures you've ever seen
up the star wars star wars canteen
uh music and masters and all Jedi masters at the star wars
house ice is space for you will never find the more wretched high
cutman to revenge
the court
At the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina
The weirdest creatures you've ever seen
At the Star Wars Star Wars Cantina
Music and Glasses and old Jedi Masters
At the Star Wars
Yeah, get baby
We'll be with you
All we'll be with you
All we'll be with you
How's Jennifer doing, by the way?
I'm Terry Griffin and all of your friends
We're with so many of you, like, 6,000 names
Well, hey, that's all in the past, man
You can't go back
150, or WIOD, happy Friday, happy Paisa
Here's West Kendall, hello
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great
Hey, you got...
Listen
No, I'm yesterday all these Ranger...
A Ranger fan called and then today
You try to...
They're all gone, man, they all vanished, they all disappeared
And finally, today you get all these Panther fans to call
All the Ranger people are quiet
Now all of a sudden the Panther people
They weren't calling yesterday
All of a sudden they're like all over the place
Oh, yeah, here we go
Oh, don't do it
How come you don't like the Miami Heat Zone?
What?
How come you don't like the Miami Heat Zone?
Because I don't like the NBA, it's not for me
Well, see, I didn't like the NBA until...
Right?
The NBA, yeah
And then just start watching a little bit
And then all of a sudden you see what he's done to this team
It's like incredible, man
Let me say it again, I don't like professional basketball
So I'm not going to be a phony and bad
I do like Dave Halberstann, though
Yeah
Oh, okay
Good guy
Yeah, racist, I mean, you know what I mean
Like I said, he's a great guy
Hi, anti-Semitic friend
No, the last time I called you was about a year ago
And I'm the half frog, half hulio
Yeah, and what happened?
And I'm still circumcised
You were still one?
Circumcised?
Oh, like I said, I know I could smell it was a problem
But I know I'm one circumcised
It's cut off
No, you're circumcised
So now the words you don't even know what you are
I'm what?
Unbelievable
Well listen, get a search party and go find it and call us back
Okay, let's go to Miami, hello
Miami
Buenos dias
We'll see if I wait a long time
I know there's nobody there, but if I wait a long time
Here's Hollywood on a mobile, hello
Miami, wake up Miami
Yeah, they're dead
They're dead
Listen, Neil
We beat the ranger
Yes, we did
We kicked their ass again
Once again
We wrecked him, that's right
We did it
Neil, the Fitzgerald line
Unbelievable
Yeah
Which line was not unbelievable?
They all played great
Neil Meyer was great, Mel and me was great
Garper Law was great, Kirk Mueller was great
Marty Stracker was flying out there
Everybody was sensational
Lindsay was kicking ass
Fitzgerald, everybody I don't want to leave no names out
You love to be the dude but still a pretty good guy
Well a beaser I mean, it goes without saying beaser is like a religion
He really kicked her ass, listen
I got one little request for you and I really don't know the name from it
It's about the disguise that's going to propose to a girl
But he ends up with a big belch
It's before he proposes
I forgot that name, I don't know if you'll recall that one
Burpenders
Oh, that's long gone man
Is it?
Can't have a call up the coast and maybe they'll play it for you
Oh, no
Maybe Tipple played for on the phone
Okay, well listen and closing up maybe you can put the Neil phone
Neil what?
Uh...
The Neil one
Neil God?
Neil God, come on
You mean that disgusting thing where it says
I want to hear it, Neil come on
Where it says God damn it, ever a couple of times
After victory like tech, I'm on you got to put that one at least
Yeah
And closing, Neil, Dale
Yeah
Dale and Dania
You blow it
Okay, oh my God
Yo, cheese in this guy wants a request
W-I-O-D
Oh, Neil God
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Both power and ale's president say man
Yeah, I'm the most powerful God day man in the world
Yes, I am
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Both power and ale's president say man
I'm the most powerful God day man in the world
So losing correction
Burgers are made out of people
I know that's people
Thanks for never bringing in
To get that taste and smell
How do you feel?
While 86% of newborn boys in this cupyard circumcised
The procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia
I have no pre-pure
I'm going on you
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Oh, there's God
I know
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Oh, there's God, Neil God
I will not patronize blockbuster
Any other company that perpetuates this kind of behaviour
You jacked ass
You got you, got you, hurt
You got me, got you, got you
It's me again, he's an Ojoan provocaturer
You don't have a bone spot, huh?
You got me, huh?
Hey, single mocho for you and I'll pull them down
I know that the Lord even loves Daniel Rogers
Father of the Lord, God, Neil God
Oh, there's God, Neil God
Oh, there's Mary Converter
Neil God, John Licker
How's that hand job? Something long time ago
Ah, he has no peace
I don't do my job as well when I'm telling him
The date isn't that, it's great radio
I am that hemorrhage
Don't we have a longer cord than this piece of crap?
Look at this, look how short this damn thing is
I'm gonna take this cord and I'm gonna scrub it right up his neck
Oh, Neil God
This place operates like a freaking nut house, it really does
I want to be left to freak alone, okay?
Shut up man and mind, but just you got a 4-tubby man to look ridiculous
Oh, boy, Neil God, Neil God
Oh, she dips their feet on, they're doing that crap again out there, God, get it
Oh, boy, Neil God, Neil God
More power than Neil President, say man
I'm the most powerful God damn man in the world
That's so lovely correction
All right
I love you Panthers, oh yes we do
Oh
I'm the way you scan and score
And follow through
You'll have your Stanley Cup
It's true
All members we love you
You'll be trusted, I'll see
We love you, Melanie
You're where it's at
All right
We make this season
We're of the right
Oh my God
You are my very favorite cat
Yes, I am
Scott Melanie, we're where it's at
We love you, Nancy
Oh yes we do
Score, score
The way you be, Ray Ford
And ran for two
And that short, handy go
Was cool
Oh
Fill in, see we love you
Just a lick up
Floor out Panthers, so easy to love
Cause they play with lots of heart
We love you, any joe
You can't be me
You hurt and when you've torn and grasped
In game three
The whole arena cheered
With Glee
Javanovsky can't be me
We love you, Neater Meyer
You really blew
