Right.
610 WIOD, Neil Rogers, while you're goofing off, it works.
So what kind of a non-sequitur was that as an excuse to take a shot?
What the hell was that?
610 WIOD.
You call that a born-again penis?
It doesn't lick them.
610 WIOD.
Same pack, Clinton, done with it all.
Shored ball and Jones, his trousers, trouts.
He said, honey, will you partake?
Come on and kiss my one-eye snake.
He says, no, she says yes.
And she could prove it if he'll untrust.
We'll find out who's right or wrong.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's get shot.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's get shot.
Just lick up.
Just lick up.
I like it.
Let's see, let's see, let's get shot.
What's it gonna take?
Two shepherds right way more on this Jones.
I asked you up here to thank you for the knob job you've been doing
in my re-election campaign for the State of Arkansas.
Excuse me, Governor?
What I mean is, don't blow job security by going down
to the private sector.
I'm afraid I don't follow you, sir.
I don't care, I'm gonna slap with JFK.
Org, have a damn, if Cooper was gay.
This lack of dignity gives me fits.
What the hell now?
Hey, Hillary, show us your sex.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's get shot.
Thank you, April.
I'm just gonna miss your best commandant.
Let's see, let's see, let's get shot.
What were you gonna take?
Two shepherds right way more on this Jones.
Let's go out of line.
And if we won't be gone, boy, we'll be gone.
I had a nickname day, one day she flew away.
Oi, to Tijuana where the moon is blue.
The moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that mustn't slip.
To truly tell you how I feel for gay.
That's gay for gay.
So, is this K&G?
I'll see you with Tijuana too.
Now if you see K, tell her I'm a Surrey State.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
So, I'll roll to the day now if you see K, take her hand, gently say.
That after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, is you see K&G?
Then I'll see you with Tijuana.
Go, but gotta see you with Tijuana too.
Oh!
10-04, W-I-O-D, happy Wednesday to all and to all a great day.
Man, is this a day or is this a day?
Hansen, other day as we continue counting them down.
A Dindva, et cetera.
Chitiri, Piaach.
Don't start with that Russian crab, man.
Fidel's gonna know what it's all about.
Don't tell me Miri's making more changes to that log again.
God, we wouldn't want to be doing that.
Home Depot's fault.
Yeah, well don't be having all that stuff fall down, please.
So, at any rate, I'm gonna, I lied.
I said I was never gonna mention it.
Well, I don't have to mention her name on here, do I?
Ms. Antichrist, Walter Sabo's other quarter, whatever the hell she is.
By the way, she is very cute.
Just ask her, she'll tell you on the ear.
She's cute.
Do you think she's cute?
I think she's like a nondescript.
I think it would be the best compliment I could pay with being nondescript.
That's a high compliment.
Exactly.
But at any rate, so last night was the definitive, I mean, I just, I'm bursting at the seams.
I could sit here and ramble on for four hours and I just might.
I just might do it because I'm like really just bursting like I said at the, at the thing today.
I heard last night the definitive, the, the, I mean, it was the Walter Sabo Harry Penis format to a T
and it was enough to make you either scream, laugh, cry or all of them.
So yesterday, of course, Rick was off for his birthday.
Don't do it again soon, Rick.
Now while I'm still here and Rick was on a course and Brooke, we love, we like Brooke, don't we?
Yeah, we like Brooke.
But at any rate, so they moved everybody up on a schedule and we had the unmentionedable one from six to nine and ski for M ski, whatever his name is for nine of midnight.
So Karen, what's her name is on her last night and she's, she's doing this Sabo formula where she takes one little article from the book.
And then she's going to get the news paper.
Remember the one about the engagement ring.
Of course, did that guy ever get the nine grand back or the ring or boat?
We don't know.
In Kansas, let's find out.
Let's talk about that today.
What do you think?
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
You think you ought to get the money back or what?
Yeah.
Okay. Thank you.
So at any rate, she goes on, she's got this story about these two dicks that want to adopt a kid who's like retarded that nobody else wants.
He's in a foster home and she's reading this little blurb out of the newspaper.
I mean, this formula, it's unbelievable.
You take a little kind of like sidebar story that nobody really gives all that much of a crap about and you make a show out of it and you insist and you keep reading it and reading it and reading it and reading it and banging it and pounding it and clanging it and just insisting.
You're going to talk about this even if you're all gone, even if everybody turned it off, you're still going to talk about it.
God damn it.
Oh, by the way, Roger Crotch is quoted the week.
Did you see this?
George, you see this this week?
Yes.
I love it.
By the way, I like it a lot though.
I think it fits into a tea like a glove, like a rubber glove.
Roger's quoted the week is the best way to get back at your enemies is with tremendous success.
End of quote.
We plan on it, Roger.
So at any rate, there's like no calls.
So I'm like mesmerized.
I'm in the car, but it's one of those deals where you don't want to get out of the car.
Not because it's entertaining, not because it's interesting, not because it's fascinating, but because it is so embarrassing.
I'm just asking myself, how can this be?
And she's like training these other underlings, these other people who don't belong on here.
She's training them in the formatics of this.
It's like talk radio in a box.
It's like, you know how you have like instant tea and instant coffee and you put them in a cup and you just add hot, hot boiling water.
Just take any one of these goofballs off the street, especially if they happen to be the girlfriend of the consultant and put them on here and put hot boiling water and all of a sudden,
pull if they're a talk host or host this as the case may be.
And she's going on and on and so I think this is just, this is just ridiculous.
I mean, if they are loving family, if they want to adopt this, okay, 6222 WIOD, 767.
And on and on and I would just with this dribble with this dribble and I'm thinking of myself in my wildest nightmares I could never have believed.
And I'm also that little part of my mind is thinking how close I came to sticking around this joint.
I mean, this is like something out of an insane asylum.
I mean, is this really their idea of something that's going to work in this market where we've had all the kind of talk that we've had for the last 20 some years, 30 some years going back to Alan Courtney rest in pieces and the dean and all these other everything that's going down to pike and they think that they can pedal this half baked bunch of bull crap.
That somebody is fooling somebody that you take something out of the paper and just keep reading it over and over and over and over again and insisting.
So finally, just before I was going to get out of the car finally, some anal retentive Julio calls in named Javier.
I sure hope you're listening Javier, but I'm sure you're not.
Javier. I'll never forget this guy's long as I live and he's going on.
Of course, he's obviously the expert on facts and he's going on about well, this is unnatural and it's against God's law.
And it's there's no love involved there. It's just lust. It's only lust and she gave him kind of a half baked very weak answer because first of all as soon as you hear that it's the voice of a Julio and his name was Javier, you know that he's a victim of brainwashing from the time he was born about those evil facts,
even though he's probably been rubbing up against trees and guys and whatever he can when his wife ain't looking.
Oh, he has a wife, you know, but at any rate.
And so then when it gets to the end after we finally get rid of Javier, it's like, Oh, am I the only one? Am I the radical one to down here?
Yeah, your radical caraners, nobody else down here to the left of a till of the hunt.
This is the first time that anybody has dared to express such an opinion in the history of talk radio in this town.
It's all new. It's all revolutionary. We're a guest. We just can't believe it.
We're sitting here almost speechless. Now, are they doing like real? You can tell me this. Are they doing extensive like heavy duty screening on those shows?
Is this also part of the formula of the calls? Yes.
Because I knowing this audience the way I do and I know I'm like the palm of my foot.
I cannot believe that there is nobody out there calling her or some of these people and saying,
will you get off this already? Don't you understand? You've been banging it for 40 minutes and nobody cares.
Don't you get it? Who are you kidding, man? With this phony instant talk formula of yours, man. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap.
And I'm thinking to myself, are these people really that dumb that they don't understand that if you take one narrow little tiny thing and you keep and you say,
this is all we're going to keep banging this. We don't want to hear nothing else. This is all we're going to talk about that it's like the great.
It's like sending an engraved invitation to everybody who might be in the audience saying, hey, goodbye because we got nothing here.
You're going to want to hear about. It is unfreaking believable. What am I so exercised about here today?
I don't know. I'm just I'm just almost in disbelief that anybody could be this dumb as this crowd.
It's just amazing when you think of all the people that we've had in the Phil Henry's and you know,
some of the other and even Uga Buga, the people that worked and sweated their brains and their balls off in this place.
And now it's come to this to this Kassimmi, Florida formula with the boy at the hot boiling water.
And by the way, guess who the latest rumors are that it's going to be doing midday if they were finally say goodbye to me.
Just tell me what your problem is. I don't think I can handle that.
So what do you think about this? What's the guy's name Chuck Humphrey that off himself, the heavens gate guys who are like they waited.
They had to leave their what do they call it? Their vehicles. They had to destroy their vehicle so they could move into Uranus and do their thing.
Okay. Unbelievable. CNN's having a field. They were there by the way. They've had these video tape things that they left behind.
They've had them on like morning noon and night over and over again. More of these good, religious man who are waiting to leave their vehicles and move there into outer space to other thing out of your vehicle and into your in Uranus.
In fact, remember that out of the closet into the streets. Ellen should be screaming out of your vehicle into Uranus.
That's the new deal with the heavens gate heavens, call whatever another one of these stupid religions just like all the other ones.
Hey, Javier, how you doing? If Javier calls by the way, we'll put him on immediately, but he don't have the balls to do it.
He's listening. We know you're listening, Javier. You're probably a closet queen too.
Someone called to say that they're filming a Wendy's commercial in the Grove and Dave from Wendy's is listening to us right now.
Dave Thomas from Wendy's is listening right now. Yes. Well, guess what Dave Thomas? I love your food. You got great food of all the fast food joints. You got the best, but, but how about hiring some like people with an IQ bigger than their shoe size?
Okay. I realize we have a lot of this EEO E whatever the hell they call it these days. A lot of pressures to hire like certain minorities in your joints, but it would be very nice.
It's just one time, just one time to drive away from one of your establishments and find about a mile down the road when you open up the sack that the stuff is in there that you ordered.
I mean, it's even in the same family. Okay. We'll be very nice Dave. So we love your product, but we hate your help. How do you like that?
Including the one out there by the sawgrass by me and the one over here on Hollywood, and the one on Hollywood Boulevard where they really boned us big time that first time.
Sure did. And then we're going to make up for it with free food, which they never did. Not that we would snore for free food, but we will, especially those chicken clubs.
Right. Spice. Especially those atkins. And we do also appreciate the fact that Wendy's is the one place where they'll give you the stuff like Atkins style without the bun.
So we appreciate that Dave. We love Wendy's, but all your help really blows. Okay. If you actually had some help in there that knew what they were doing, you'd probably triple your business Dave.
And by the way, lose some weight, will you?
Hey, it's kind of like Brooke. You know, he's a nice, but could afford to lose a few pounds 10 14 at W. I. D. Just like me could afford to lose 50 pounds.
Hey, listen, speaking of losing something, if you're losing your hair guys, you know, a lot of young guys lose their hair. And it's like embarrassing, you know, you're like 25 years old. And you got this gigantic ball spot.
Maybe you know, you got Wayne's money, right? Sure, likely story, but you don't want to look like Wayne, even if you had his money, you don't want the Zits.
You don't want that gigantic ball spot. It's out when telly. Sevalas died. They put the rest of the ball. Look. So if you want to look great at a price that you can afford,
headed Charles Alphiery for just 800 bucks. He can make your hair look like it's growing right out of your scalp with the best, most natural looking system anywhere in the universe.
And Charles knows that the real secret of any natural looking system is regular servicing. That's why service visits at the Charles Alphiery Studios are affordably priced at only 25 bucks, not 60 bucks like the other joint soke you.
And while you wait, Charles will add hair to your present system at only 25 bucks an hour. He'll adjust the color for only 10 bucks.
Charles can even revive the wave and curl to make it look natural again, even if you bought your piece someplace else.
So if you want to look like a mench, if you want to look and feel years younger, here's the real way to do it at an affordable price to Charles Alphiery Studio, 4390 North Federal Highway between Oakland and commercial has been doing it for over 25 years, even for multi millionaires, they know this is the best system you can buy.
Call them in Broward 928 17 55 928 17 55 or toll free from anywhere. It's 1 800 321 24 13 1 800 321 24 13 610 W I O D.
We've replaced the tire of old morning show with a tired new morning show. My account said to me, do you have any receipts? Like, what do you think?
I go, let's make some up now, but don't think that I'm collecting things when I'm driving places. Yes, I spend $12 for gas. You don't say that? I don't say anything.
I have a little bag that I just dropped the receipt. I get a little bag too, but I'm taking stuff out of it.
Ron and Ron, 610 W I O D. The opinions expressed on W I O D are those of Neil Rogers. How can people believe this crap? You know what? There are other opinions.
Not for long. 610 W I O D.
There's day all around. There's day all around. On W I O D. Go ahead.
1018 W I O D were reinventing talk radio or reinventing a boredom or reinventing stuff that is so hackneyed and so tried and so unbelievable that there are no words to describe it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
W Diento Vardes, Cacti Pogevae, Shivordna. Great.
Yes. Why are we even getting upset over? I didn't say I was upset. I'm just worked up. Not upset. There's a difference. I'm not upset. I'm just amazed and astonished and shocked and almost speechless.
Well, Neil, from now on I'm going to switch to dial over to 1400 and listen to Craig. Great. Because it's just it's ponderous and terminal. Have you ever heard anything like it in your life?
I mean, it's so it's so obvious even a child can hear what this attempt is to this formula. Take take a little article. Get it on a year. This is your topic and just keep reading it over and over and over and beating it and pounding it and clanging it and and just championing it and screaming about it.
And even if nobody in the world gives a crap, it's just that's it. Man, that's it. I don't know when they find that no one's listening.
Believe me, trust me when I tell you they will. They will this place is going to old points before long and but it won't matter because you'll be long gone and someone listeners. Hopefully Rick and Fletzel end up someplace.
Yeah, that well actually though, I don't think Rick and Fletz can stay on this station. I'll just turn the dial at night.
Okay. Have a great day and thanks for calling 610 W I O D. Yes. Yes. May I call for a two. We have an open line at day at 622 all three. Broward lines are open 767 9463. We had every line on the air lift for a couple of seconds. This is the deal this week. I guess they must be real busy.
They must be really, really busy. Not landing tonight 9 to 11 also Friday 9 to 11 part 2 only. It's a two part return for the time being big piece in the paper by Deborah Wilker.
No less in the scum central this morning about the return of not landing briefly for four hours this week. Two hours tonight 9 to 11.
Two hours on Friday 9 to 11. Not landing returns. Boy, what a great show. Huh. Could be one of the greatest shows in the history of television. And if you didn't like it, you got no taste.
And what about that Annie on guiding light? What are we going to do about Annie and Riva? Riva is going to jail. And Ross, of course, is going to be prosecuting the case because he's the new district attorney just in time to prosecute Riva for murder and attempted murder and everything else is if we can't see through all of that grab.
On freaking believable and Annie's on her way to the morgue to get that fetus to make sure that nobody can find it. She in fact, I think she's going to stuff it back in.
That would be a good place to hide it. I was asking you that the other day, how long can a woman walk around with a dead fetus and a boarded fetus inside her body without getting serious infection and like going into toxic shock and the croaking.
There have been historic cases of that where the fetus actually became petrified and petrified just thinking about there forever. Yeah, pretty disgusting. Yeah, like it gets home. I'm a fine. That's why we call it a soap opera. Okay. It's only make believe. Thank you, Conway.
Here's a moment was it come a 20 said that or was it Roger Crotch? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I got a one D story. Yeah, listen, I went through the drive through. Okay, Dave Thomas. I'll piss off.
This game. I'm going to Sony. I street foods always excellent. Yeah, what do you want? I think I always take the baked potato instead of the fries.
Okay, what kind of potato? I said a baked potato. What kind of potato? I said, we already told us this story eight million times. Okay.
We have an open line and date six to two. Can you believe this guy? We already heard the same story that this guy's making up six to two W I O D and date.
We have two open lines in Broward seven six seven nine four six three. He's like the guy that called a Rick and Suds with the same. Remember that guy yesterday.
Same story over and over again. And he wants to use the show as a vehicle because he knows Dave Thomas is listening. Okay.
I'm sure Dave in impressed. Okay. By the way, what kind of potato was it? Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you going to watch the heat game tonight? No, I'm not. No, I'm not. I got a fiery port. Yeah.
Pack Cooper is on the Howard Stern show right now. Yeah. Okay. And who cares? How come you're listening to this show? Yeah, exactly.
Okay. Two open lines and date six to two nine four six three to and Broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W I O D.
Pack Cooper. He's pretty exciting. When's Alan King coming on? Here's Miami on a mobile. Hello. Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought. I'm not going to be a little bit more than I thought.
They're shooting something and it's like they're foot. I mean, that rule, that rule is a disaster. But you got to understand at least for the season they're calling that rule.
In fact, Anaheim last night, they had a goal. Their first one just allowed. Then they got a two nothing leading the first.
And then there was two to one. They want to blues in five three. But if that first goal would have counted, they would have had a three nothing leading the way they would have been totally different game. They probably would have won which they did not.
But I mean, that's just the way they're calling it. And these guys are being careless. And while Bill Gehran is skating right through the crease for no reason at all, while Gilmore is sticking the time.
So the Rangers got lucky. But you got to, you know, Richter's playing great. But they're consistent. You know, at least they're consistent with the call.
Yeah, but it sucks. It's the worst rule in the history of sports. Got to stop.
Especially if you're on the opposite side of the goal. I mean, if you're in front of the goalie, that's a different story. And they shoot from the, you know, from the pointer.
Exactly. But if you're on the back side of the goal.
Unless there's interference with a goal tender, the goal should be allowed. And this is, this is a farce. And you got a bunch of hard headed jackasses who insist that this is a great rule to protect the goalie and it's bull crap. And it's destroying. It's destroying the games.
Maybe when we move down the diet, we can make some contact and see if we could petition almost every playoff game.
There's at least one of these goals this allowed because of this stupid and the crease deal.
Yes, sir. Anyways, are you a little more excited about this series now? Or are you still about what series?
Well, about the New York, New Jersey. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. I'm not at all excited. I mean, the devil's to me are boring team.
Philly and Buffalo. That's exciting hockey. And even Edmonton, Colorado as much as one side of this is. Those are exciting teams to watch.
But I mean, watching New Jersey, man, they're just the coma inducing. Well, I'm not. Again, I'm not a New York friend. I wish New York the best. I'd like to see him beat New Jersey because I know Miami's going to beat the next in New York needs something to cheer about.
And by the way, I see the Panthers resigned Kirk Mueller for three more years. Wow. I'm sure excited about that. Can't you tell?
Neil, I love you. Can I can I get a request? Yeah. One of your favorites anything you want to play. Okay, have a great day. Okay enough of the sucking. Have a great day to open lines in day.
622 to W I O D to enbroward 767 one on the mobile one purple line pound I O D. We want to talk today to people who've tried to call some of these other shows.
The formula shows and aren't being put on a year like this last guy who've been told we can't put you on a year because you don't want to play the game.
In fact, that goes back to the heavy, heavy, heavy screening that we were told about months ago, even when nickel was still here when water say, well, first put this plague upon his radio station when he first like stuck his nose into our business.
And then lied about it said, Oh, I never said any of that right. Steve nickel was the liar because he's not here to defend himself anymore. He was the one that was making it all up just like the thing about the wonderful island dreams.
He just made, oh, he didn't just make that up. Mobile one purple line is open pound I O D. It's 1026 at W I O D.
610 W I O D. The countdown continues. Countdown. 5 4 3 2 610 W I O D. I had one in my mouth once.
From the makers of the amazing wonder bra, it's the amazing new wonder jock. The jock that makes you really stand out and a cry.
Hi, great party. So listen, I saw you from across the room and I couldn't help noticing your huge penis.
Actually, it's not that huge. Really? It just looks huge. Thanks to my amazing new wonder jock. The amazing new wonder jock's patented construction lifts your penis and separates your testicles.
For a look that says my penis is being lifted and my testicles are being separated just as the wonder bra gives girls cleavage.
The wonder jock gives men pee vids. How what are you doing? Looking down your pan. You've got great pee vids. Thanks.
Want to have sex now? Okay. The amazing new wonder jock. Yes, the grappling hooks hurt like hell, but it's worth it.
1031 at W I O D. Here's a facts from Pascuali who's ordinarily very chronic and continues to be however it fits right in.
It's a and of course obviously must be a masochist because he can't turn that bitch off. It says you made it big last night on the 6 to 9 Karen K show.
One of your loyal fans called an asterisk. She was the nameless one. Neal talks about and she got so pissed off and made him and I mean insistent.
He repeat what he just said after he repeated it. She told him I wish you would die. Get in a car accident. Have AIDS.
Blood get into your veins and die you bastard. Neal. Does this mean she likes you? She has a big problem. Signed Pascuali.
Okay, we're off to another raging start today just like we were yesterday. It's going to be the same thing all over again. You think it's just ask you during the break. What?
I forgot to ask you during the break. You want norm to drop those tickets by here for your. I'm not going to no ball game. I got to watch Edmonton and Colorado tonight.
Okay, there you go. No, forget it. Norm, I'm not going to some stupid baseball game. The guy who called yesterday was right just because the tickets are free. I mean, it's boring. I'm not interested. Okay.
We have an open line in the purple line pound I OD the mobile one line, which we pay for two and day two and brown. Come on. What do you think? Okay?
Should these lesbian mothers be allowed to adopt that kid? He's in a foster home. He's retarded. Nobody else wants him. These two dicks want to adopt him.
Count six to two W I OD and day. Let's go. Let's get with it. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Somebody give you a fact just now. Yes. Yeah. She was talking about that last night.
About what about somebody drop of eight in your blood? Yeah. And that was around 10 to nine six to nine between 10 to nine to six.
Nine if you have a tape, you can listen to that. Okay. She said, I wish your car crash and you die. Uh huh. And get aids in your AIDS blood in your veins and die. You bastard. You. Yeah. She said so very uptight. It sounds like to me.
Yeah. For somebody you don't belong on the air extraordinarily uptight broad. Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with her. You know, she was talking about street guys who sell the papers. Yeah. And she said they bothers me. They bothers me. They bothers me. All show one hour. You know. Yeah. And somebody called the same guy call it to her and tell her, you know, they made. They are making living. You know, they are begging. They're making living. Yeah. That's why the Neil call you. Uh, name less or mention less or something.
I then she get on. You know, then she got to get more mad and then she said, okay, thanks for the spy report. Have a great day. Okay. Down to two calls now. Two open lines and day six, two, two, all a brow at seven six, seven W I O D. It's going to be the whole week like this. Huh? Okay. Except for Monday. We had a magnificent Monday. And now it's like their on vacation.
Open line in a mobile one purple line at pound I O D years homestead. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't know that you're talking about Karen K when I first started listening to show, but I kind of cut the.
Sir, I'm not just talking about Karen K. I am talking about a devastating destruction that is going on in this place. A so called instant hot formula that's going on here. Just add hot water that is so astonishing and so amazing.
And the phones on this show right now should be blazing off the hook from people who are fat who are just astonished at what's going on in this place. I listen to maybe I'm wrong. Maybe maybe you know something. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe this is where it's at.
Uh, maybe I'd have a full board of calls. If I said here, it took some half bake article out of the newspaper this morning and just read it on the year and kept reading it over and over and over again and said, what do you think? What do you think? It kept pumping the numbers out.
I listen to her show yesterday. I mean, I listened to it probably from a six until.
602. Yeah, for a little while. She's talking about the three steps. This was that breast implants. Whatever. And I'm listening to colors. I mean, when when you're in that position, I've never heard a caller rip you apart.
Rip, rip, break and suds apart. I've never heard them rip apart. Person apart like they rip Karen K apart. They ripped her a new ass. Yeah.
I was just astonished. And she just kept like opening yourself up for us. I call my excellent. Okay. We have two open line. Thanks, Walter. Two open lines in Broward 767 9463 767 1 and day 622 mobile 1.
Purple lines open pound I OD to one of your townlines. I guess we're not going to be doing calls on a station anymore because when I listen like at night, I never hear any like maybe one an hour.
So I guess it's kind of like spreading. It's like a disease. It's spreading to the entire radio station. We'll just see her and vent for four hours every day. That's okay with me. That's fine.
That's what you want. Little Italian music, a little bit of venting. Here's the mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Are you aware of any market where in the evening people are able to get good numbers on talk radio because I think they just give up at night.
Oh, do they really I know that I used to have 10 and 11 shares at night here back in the old days and W snooze. I know that Larry King used to have good numbers at night here. I know Alan Courtney used to have like double digit numbers at night. Okay. Well, because I'm a sort of creative. I know that KMO X always has had big numbers at night with whoever they had on the air.
Well, it seems like in this market they've given up. They just know they haven't given up. This is what they really believe is this is it. They really believe in this. Well, they're never honest to God believing this formula. It's not like they really thrown a thrown in the towel. They believe that this Orlando formula, this real radio formula is what talk radio is all about, which proves beyond a shadow of it out when they bought this station. They didn't have any idea what W. I. D. was about or why was successful or why people listen to it. I don't care how many how much research. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't
care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care.
we were looking for Jews in brow yesterday couldn't find any how about some
gliam in brow today uh...
well they're all undecided
seven six seven i guess time to leave your vehicles man
it's time to leave your vehicles and head for your rain is before it's too late
seven six seven w i o d in brow at all three brow lines very quiet
could be just like yesterday george you mark my words i don't care
it's okay with me today i'm feeling like a lot of full of vinegar
here's a mobile in my me hello
any idea great
let's kill two birds with one stone
page three a
uh... yes
women's death puts focus on the dangers of fenn fan
yeah we talked about that yesterday
uh... we're in today's paper three eight
yeah
well i'm just gonna read that the death of a massachusetts woman who took
diet drugs defeated or reading dress as increased scrutiny of an unapproved
but widely used drug cocktail known as fenn fan
what do you think ok six two two w i d
rower seven six seven thank you so much that we needed that
thank you
there you go there's your topic today for all four hours
fenn fan like it don't like it
before mary linen of quincey mass died in february from a heart and lung
disorder drug maker why a year's laboratory zinc warned doctors that taking its
appetites at present fenn floramine with the com
competing fentermine is not recommended
the combination band in sweeten by the way as popular weight loss centers
like newtris system whose doctors wrote several thousand fenn fan
prescriptions last year company spokesman joseph debar to lamos said
debar to lay me oh whatever the hell is name is with some what
so there you go you like it you hate it is it safe you like linda energy ok
seven six seven nine four six three and broard
would you take diet pills from somebody who talks like they're on a rabbit
pills
here's mimey springs hello
uh... yeah uh... last night it wasn't her
the other close to the day came afterwards ski for mske yuh well i only got
the ski the rest of it was kind of complicated
uh... driving away down from the route to uh... mental zoo
about uh... thirty minutes yes sir it was not one
phone call we don't take phone calls on the station anymore we've driven a phone
calls all the way
there are no more phone calls well
all we have are people rambling on incessantly about things that nobody cares
about
over his topic was it was astounding yes he was pining away about uh...
fantasies about uh... women that he wanted to bed and that
i guess he did were all ex-girlfriends
i guess they dumped them
uh... i don't know that that's what it sounded like yeah
it was it was going all over and uh...
and he was asking for phone calls but they didn't come in yeah
and that's that seems to be the new format i guess in the course i can relate
to it because i do that every day but i have a different way of solving and i
probably the audience into calling and uh... eventually wind up getting usually
some response
but the idea that you're going to take one little narrow thing and just keep
just keep hammering away at it and banging and twisting and shoving it down
the audience is through and force people to listen and talk about something that
they couldn't obviously give a crap less about it that it's not gonna happen
it ain't gonna happen guys
well i'm going to keep it up
okay
thank you so much so like i said keep it up
open line and date six two two w i d we have a pair still open and
broward seven six seven were looking for goryman broward today
seven six seven w i d by the way pat peterson will be back evidently
on the not slanted probably briefly he got married now he's got a wife you know
on the show
like we're supposed to be buying that right we buy it
here's a mobile in my amy hello
yes sir
okay
uh... one of the problem is real simple all we got to do is move
fill back to me to twelve
yeah right
that possible no
how's it going to pay for it
how's that how about we move to buy my amy
okay
that well now they don't want to come to mind don't you understand it
what you get it out from there yeah
that's why would anybody out there want to come here
uh... i don't know
why would anybody after escaping this sewer one will come here
maybe the hey with you
yeah right
that would be a good idea okay
hang hang ten
two open lines and date six two two nine four six three six two two two
to one-broward what do you think of this fend for a big winz he must
died in a wedding dress they're bearing this bitch in her wedding dress
because they put her on fend for the loser way so she could uh... fit into
a wedding dress and god thank the lord she finally fit in
course i guess the body after well it's kind of grotesque isn't a little grotesque
to think of how the body kind of like shrivels a little bit
after you lose all the fluids you know after they drain the fluids out she fits
very nicely in that wedding dress so what are they complaining about god damn it
she went on the diet so she can fit in her wedding dress and she does fit in her
wedding dress so she's in a box what's the big deal that they never promised
a rating about that
they said we'll get you to fit in that white wedding dress
and she's beautiful now
she looks better than linda's energy
which ain't saying much
here's a lady in Miami hello
yes ma'am
i'm so glad you mentioned that you know i'm so glad that you're on it with
and i can follow you over to the other stage we have no callers anymore on
this station
they have decimated they have destroyed it they have butchered
but that girl at night is the best the worst i have ever heard in my life bar
none she is so bad she couldn't be on a radio station in batavia new york
is so bad is she and in those topics are the worst
oh my god
and she keep and she has this kind of like snotty added to it and she's reading
this thing out of and what i mean i just can't believe anybody really believes
that i just can't believe i mean
eek eek i mean i can't believe anybody really thinks that okay six two two
w out you know and she's given the numbers out like somebody is going to
respond and she's going to work them up into some kind of contrived
controversy which we've already had more than enough contrived controversy in
this market to last a lifetime
well it's unbelievable but i think it's unconscionable
let me ask you this what about what is that other salon he's not too great either
he's the worst
who's that
uh... ski
ski for mske
you know what time to see on i thought he's on whenever uh... whenever they
feel like putting them on
i thought he did buy a house by the way down here
oh my god
now he's the worst and by the way not to change the subject
the guiding light is the pit now isn't it
and what's gonna happen that what do you mean it's the pit
well that's a story that you say that huh how could you say it's the pit so
i mean it's getting so
let me ask you this you know they got this other guy playing roger for a
temporarily
i don't like him either do
no but i'm just saying this need look more like roger's father member adam
thorp
remember him
which they know seriously this guy looks like roger's father they brought it
the real adam uh... throw upon a couple of times over the years they brought
him back but this guy looks more like daddy and roger
you know i've been watching for the last couple of months it seems to me that he
either had a stroke
i said the same thing because he he talks very slowly now a holly and and every
word is like you know i'm saying doesn't speak like normal
exactly what i thought that he had something wrong with him yeah
that's what it was will find out
this guy isn't so great either right exactly is only a temporary
i love rea but i love rea but just that i don't she's got well you got big
guts or us coming out sweetie
i think she's gonna get accused of murder because they think the chin-off
any down the stairway and the baby died which of course we know it was dead
for like five months before anyway from uh... oh my god is it gonna be
traumatic you read that the soap opera uh... no you can just see it coming
away hope you can see all you can smell it that's we've got to milltown
have a great day i love you bye bye
okay all the day lines open another week uh... when's day here on w i d where
we actually used to get some phone calls every now and then where we had some
people would speak to us some verbal intercourse today it's nipity do dog in
it's just a desperate desperate deadly week
day county wide open six to two w i o d all three lines
to and broward how about if we had some crap to give away how about if we just
pretend we have a bunch of stuff to give away what do you think about that
broward seven six seven nine four six three the purple lines the green lines
the yellow lines the chartreuse lines if you want to call fine if not too bad we
don't really care ten forty five at w i what about that brought with a
fend fan come on now seven six seven w i o d what about Linda energy peddling
that crap and a position a speaking of uh... great diets instead of that
crap here you can have your cake and eat it too that's right the doctor
rackins low carbohydrate cheese cake and i don't know too many people are dying
from the atkins died by the way i don't know any doctor rackins the creator of
the wildly successful atkins died is created the only authorized doctor rackins
cheesecake with only three grams of carbohydrates per serving it's the perfect
treat for low carb dieters plus the atkins cheesecake is rich creamy and delicious
doctor rackins developed the cheese cake to meet his rigorous demands so you can
enjoy to know that you're within your diet guidelines but you want to make sure
that you're getting the real thing the emis so look for the doctor rackins
signature right on the label have your cake and eat it too and with the doctor
rackins low carb cheesecake you can do exactly that and be sure to try the other
doctor rackins products like lipo lizia lipo lizia whatever the hell it is
this delicious protein drink which has got all the vitamins and minerals you need while
you're on the diet and the atkins bake mix for pancakes you can call to find the
store nearest you that carries all this good stuff or to find out about home
delivery the atkins good stuff called one triple eight doctor atkins one eight eight eight
dr eight k i n s and be sure to look for the doctor atkins signature on the box
one eight eight eight dr eight k i n s six tan double dyod more listeners than a cell phone scanner
six tan double dyod
was the most famous law man low west has ever known look it's wet hey how you doing everything
okay fine what how are you okay some call to my hero others are rebel in the end he was a legend
dispensing his unique brand of frontier justice nobody move this is a hold up not so fast mister
why thank god you're here all right you up against the wall i've heard about you martial they say
you can kill them and with your breath they do oh my god what did you have for lunch oh some onion
some garlic and a burger shake he got me Kevin Costner stars in the story of the west's most
legendary law man and the gunfight with his brothers at the okay corral all right why it's me
in the clinton gang against you and your brothers draw ready boys ready ready ready ready okay
oh that amabot
Lawrence Kazden presents Wyatt burp like you didn't see that one coming
Wyatt burp coming soon to with theater near you that's not why it is john m who's just standing by
with the news in a couple minutes by the way he's up against the wall in there 10 51 a wio d
or so lady in Palm Beach hello hi Neil yes man i call you maybe once a year and while i'm on hold
the other lady still for all my material i was calling about guiding light but i didn't want to hang
that's okay so what are we going to do about this any business isn't she just enough to make
you want to bitch slap her i want to reach to the television and stay on just just i mean talk
about overacting and those big bulging eyes i remember even before she was allegedly pregnant she
was holding your tummy all the time i know she has to have bad gas that broad you know what oh she's
amazing yeah she's diabolical and and that's a really good story line that's the only thing going
on right now that i'm really compelled that you know since they took zack away and since jay's
been in hiding there's not too much uh i know and have you noticed we don't see heart very much either
right they're wasting all the best characters i guess they're waiting until like another month
till it starts getting real hot and they can put everybody out on the beach naked again maybe they're
getting oiled out and let me ask you how long is it going to take between vinesa and mad you know
how many of these corny conversations on the internet is it going to take before finally somebody says
this is all starting to sound pretty familiar to me it's going to go on a while longer
oh coming back from the dead until the end of June are you serious cat and mouse game for a lot longer
oh god Neil if i were taping it i i watch it live but if i were taping it i would fast forward
you know what i do go home and i put it on the satellite and i i tape it and then i watch it at four
right instead of watching it live at three you know i feed my dogs i get stuffed on you know i
do whatever pick my nose and then at four i watch it on tape in that way i can watch it in about
35 minutes that's what i'm going to start doing because i mean i keep five percent of it is silly
yes crap if it weren't for the anion rea the storyline they could forget it you're right and this new
roger uh he's put up well he's not the new roger he's just filling in while they uh while they're
they have a stroke he had a mild stroke he's going to be out for three three months three months
yeah he's on a three month leave of that but look out for septivian because he was speaking so
slowly and so deliberately and i knew something will you know something went on at the beginning
it was almost imperceptible because he kind of talked formal anyway yeah but every day it got work
right uh poor thing i like him poor roger yeah well of course we can't figure him one day he's a good
guy the next day he's the old crappy roger used to be a we can't quite figure him he's like an enigma
but we need him back we need him back uh i think they're bringing back briefly we need either
either him back right away or we need jay naked today i think jay i wrote for j need to they're
bringing that uh miss y'all's biological mother i don't know if you remember her her biological mother
yeah she wasn't moraine's child i didn't even know she had a biological mother uh and had an
affair with kut dr. clear ranzi and that's their daughter and then moraine raised her yeah um
so she's coming back uh miss y'all you think miss y'all be getting a little more action you know
saying anybody looks like her well if they bring jay out of the closet for every day yeah he's
looking for Zach i think oh my god okay sweetheart thanks for the good news i love you Neil
talk to you next year all right bye bye okay we have an open line of broward this is what we need to
get some of these people out of the woodwork some of these people have gone into hiding it's fashionable
to come out that's what Ellen said seven six seven nine four six three and broward here's bokeh on a
mobile hello Neil yes sir yeah i think that we uh got to support this uh thing about lesbians
adopting yeah i mean really i mean the next thing we got to get rid of after that is postal workers
and radio salespeople adopting yeah and i just wanted to say about this mat really show it's a great
show it just got a drop the old man about what that mat really show mat really yeah okay thank you so
much okay thanks water water seibo doing little on a year consulting there we have an open line
at broward seven six seven we have one on a mobile one purple line at pound i would be which we pay
for but last two days man don't seem to make a hell of a lot of big difference and the out of townlines
the tall free lines the uh green lines the palm beach lines the audio net lines forget about them
one triple eight four seven four nine four six three here's Miami hello no yes oh hold on
hey no yes i'm talking about the nels crap okay cut the bull crap what's that i said what
what can i do for you this is called a say hello yeah and uh i thought i cut nippet off at the
bottom before you start uh uh plain music mainly Louise uh i thought i'd give you a call and uh
and do what just law and say nels a couple of times thank you so much for calling six ten wiod
nels we have an open line at day at six two two nine four six three we have one in broward seven six
seven these people are got nothing to talk about we got four hundred and eighty two topics on our
plate here today just like yesterday and none of them suits their fancy so just because you don't
want to hear no music he figured he'd call and take up a line how do you like that we probably
had somebody really meaningful out there somebody who had something probably like a cure for cancer
something that would save the world from itself somebody who's ready to adopt themselves and leave
their vehicle and go to your rain is who was trying to get through there and he ties up the line
just for that thank you so much sir for preventing us from talking about that boring crap what do you
think about that chock humfries videotape on CNN okay smart guy huh he left his vehicle and i
know it's hard for you people to understand but we got to get out of these vehicles because there's
more to us our spirit our nature here's my keys in the ten bucks and thank you so much car wash time
the important stuff forget about this stupid talk show it's car wash time now we're talking
ten fifty six at wiod six ten double duiod meal rogers while you're goofing off it worked by the way
don't come by and say hi anymore get out of my face six ten double duiodes that is that is
all i could scream for fuck of just I need a couple of rouges for lunch or maybe dinner
with the condom in my pocket i could show up my rocket if i only had a wiener
oh i could tell you why the engine moves the car i'd be known by name every single car
and i could be into a charge worked for it rebuild every appliance i'd study rocket science
and fly to marzipanis rhymes with one and it takes a freaking flusy and it points in magic
oozy and by only happiness what do you think about this peanut thing okay eleven oh five at wiod so
there's somebody slips a note under the door here not i went out during the news for like a minute
and i come back and here's a thing a sheet and i've tried it on and it felt like like a natural
no anyway here's a sheet and it says there's a very strong rumor that steve cane mr ego
is playing both sides against the middle and is concerning with harry penis valentine and desperately
trying to get an iod but at the same time on the iod tab at a certain unmentable restaurant is
concerning with the people from wnn the motivation station and try to talk them into putting the
FTL format on over there and bap bap bap he was here yesterday to meet he was here yesterday
holding their meat huh with harry penis wow what a max made in heaven that is boy i don't think we
could handle that i don't think we could handle that for like two seconds man we have two open
lines in date six two two wiod our topic today is karen keithy anti christmas we have an open line
and broward seven six seven nine four six three are they serious that's the question that's what we're
all wondering are they really serious or is this just a big joke and they're going to come out one
day and say april fool like for several months on you know we just expanded april fool even though
it's like the seventh of may it's got to be a joke here's hollywood hello hello yes sir hey
me how you doing okay all the time right all right my buddy came down from jorge i wonder if i
can get a shame which request no okay we have two open line we're not doing no shameless request
today i don't care about your buddy came down send it back to jurzy we can smell him over here okay
god his buddy came down from jurzy so let's interrupt the show and play some stupid things
it was buddy can hear tell your buddy it's a beautiful out here man it's like 80 degrees in the
shading go out and play some golf go out there and wax some balls around go out there and play
some tennis go out to the beach and sit around get a nice melanoma come on let's get with it
two open lines in broward this is my last uh i'm telling you yesterday i went nuts here four hours
left here feeling pretty good about it though and today i can see it's the same thing again
we got a wide open deal now i want to find out maybe i'm doing this the wrong way like i said
yesterday you're never too late to learn never too old never too above you are i mean i think they
may have that formula down to a side course they never get any calls either like after an hour
of banging along the same thing so where's that have you or by the way i know you're listening
have you you you gotless pick i know you're listening out there don't fool me don't try to pull
the wall for my thing okay have a year you homophobic uh brainwash spick you what up oh yeah well
it's uh it's it's all about lust it has nothing to do with love this gay thing it's all about lust
like straight people don't have lust right have a year right what a bunch of bull crap like uh
straight everything with straight people is love they're all strictly love because we like
you for your mind and we love you for your for your attitude and for your wonderful caring
yeah right uh-huh that's what it's all about with fags of course like me all it is is about lust
like that thing of Enrique standing right there with his arm is folded and by the way thank you
whoever put his penis back where it belonged you're welcome okay thank you George yeah Karen
case he's been poaching around i think she ought to spend more time on show prep figuring out a
topic somebody might want to talk about instead of dealing with Enrique a glazed his penis okay
and pinning it on a donkey's uh rectum here's mimey lakes hello nale yes sir
two weeks and counting and my trip to italy comes into place yeah didn't you just call me the other day
with the same song of the dance no i never this is i haven't talked about it well most have a lot of
people going to italy yeah leaving uh probably like on a 26 yeah staying there for three weeks
excellent three weeks oh god am i jealous three weeks in italia but i i'm doing something that you
told me not to do aren't you got the guy said you're staying in the pensioni yeah i'm gonna stay
i don't know for the same guy but that's where i'm staying in a pensioni well i'm gonna be staying
at several okay and uh but i am running a car yeah i'm well running your car for where for in
between cities i hope right i'm gonna tell you i have you've never been there before now first you
have any if you have any delusions about driving in a room if you value your life i'm telling you
right now don't even think about it okay and that comes from me somebody who considers myself a
pretty damn good driver don't even think about it but i'm gonna eat my guts out Neil there you go
okay and one other thing uh the lesbians yeah let them uh adopt the the retard all right hey let me
let me let you another thing a meal yeah can i call you from Italy of course all right can i call
collect well let's see you're seeing uh me 26th i'll be uh might not be here anyway all right but
i'll just call George and maybe uh maybe George might not be here the call somebody call whoever
answers the phone call us he has the places still on the ear okay have a great time pal love you buddy i'm
even ergy okay ciao i got you there okay he thinks that the dykes ought to be able to allow to adopt
the child how do you like that Karen there's a vote for you we'll get that topic where's that article
come on let's get that newspaper where is it okay so there's these two lesbians we have two open
lines in browards seven six seven nine four six three we have one on the mobile one purple line at
pound i.o.d so i'm telling you right now there are people on death row in stark florida at raford
prison waiting to be executed for lesser offenses than what water sable and his group of anti-christians
are doing to this radio station and that is not uh that's the god damn truth just ask me just
ask me okay and i'll tell you the damn truth here's Miami hello hello yes sir good morning nil
when was deus when was deus when is deus long suffering tronofan here yeah i understand you're
going to be watching the edmonton call a rather game tonight right yes sir on the cbc with bob
coal harry nil and ron McLean and don chariote yes exactly what i was going to ask you i'm going to
call detroit and get my son to tape that for me right they get it off the channel nine of ckl w and
winds are right ckl w right channel nine and winds are hockey night in canada now you're talking real
telecast not this ding dong school stuff i can't think of that dish out because it used to be on w ckl w he's
living down here but but davies dead babies dead babies yeah he's older than mothu's la man he's
older than death yeah member bill kennedy yes i do bill kennedy used to be on the channel line
channel now he's dead no god he had that thunderbird at fifty five member dave dials
member dave dials oh sure bill bill bonds will be david bill bonds bill bonds and who was it on
channel two merilin and john what the hell was their name were we were making sure was there no
merilin something in john or husband and were on channel two news you know who i'm talking about
yes well that's too long ago 30 years since i've been 500 years since i've been up there i wish i was back
up no i don't i wish i was up there and it was still like it wasn't nearly 60s when it was great
when it was a great city i mean you don't want to you don't want to be there now man when they had
cliff bells and the london shop on when they that's right the london shop house and the pinkers on
the corner of uh six mile and wind and the telegraph telegraph never know i want it no telegraph
and six more what is it merilin kennedy oh john kelly john oh that's right john kelly that's
right that's a guy on channel two the name was the name escaped me well that's okay when you do
it all three or four times a year for the games i was at the moulson center monthly all when they
opened it up when the rangers played their life yeah yeah you keep stepping on frogs though at
the moulson center it wasn't bad it wasn't bad everybody was speaking i love tronon though that's
right i stayed down there about two blocks where you sick cklw that's it yeah yeah could you play
up bill you it could i play bill you it or fosters you i want to i want to tell you something about
bill you it i i you're probably the only other person who will appreciate this okay you know bill
you it has never been inducted into the hockey hockey hall of fame brog and you want to know why
and you want to know why it's all politics because john shanin at the cbc which you'll notice when
they show the highlights from the old games like the over time highlights have you ever seen
of that stuff they always they always show merlin turner all merlin turner john kelly and merlin
turner thank you so many trade people calling it but at any rate they always show clips with bob
cool and i love bob coley's great and with the don wittman and guys like that they never ever show
you any bill he would clips because john shanin didn't like him he said to me right to my face when
the leaps were down here a month ago he said bill you it was an asshole he never did anything for
the game i said i don't care what kind of a guy he was he was a great broadcaster i grew up
listening to bill you with the leaf fans love bill you it and i'm the same age as bill you it right
sixty seven well he ain't no more no i know i know i know shane yeah and so the day he died or a few
days after he died they put on they gave him a tribute for like ten seconds the pc was the most
embarrassing thing i ever saw bill you it was the greatest hockey announcer in the history of the
human race and john shanin could all should only croak the greatest i love foster to i like foster
yeah if you like old guys who sound like you grandma yeah they get more than half a column in the
hockey news when he died yeah yeah okay pal go leaf go bring a place of foster he would that
Henderson goal that he got i don't want to hear that again that shrieking screaming sounds like
my grandma and he but it's hockey man i'd rather hear bill you at any day
anyway it's eleven fourteen and w that's what i'm going to i'm going to play bill you at highlights
for the rest of the show today okay to serve these bastards right all right i'm going to play hockey
highlights every day from ten to two until they finally say we can't take it anymore we can't
stand it we can't stomach it i'm playing ckl w jingles ckl w the motor c oh that's a new format
eleven fifteen and w i o d in fact all we got to do is change it ckl w the magic city and we got it
just let's change the call letters man they won't care they'll never know those connox what do they know
we have an open line at day at six two two w i o d we have one in broward seven six seven w i o d
as we try to retain our sanity in the midst of a sea of maelstrom and mung the likes of which we
have never ever seen where is boy gary and steve nickel when we need them the most and i have one
thing to say one thing to say to walter saybo and is evil twin harry penis
wow
flower pain
six ten
w i o d right in a few japanese people
continental and air lingus are joining forces to give you the most pleasurable ride of the sky
makes you out our invite feels like eating out
track away again headroom is a plus
so come and try to go to lingus oh yeah the sky's dome get any friendly
hot lingus where your seat is never in a full upright position
hot lingus whether you're coming you're going we'll get you there safe at odd time
not one of our planes has ever gone down but don't let that stop you ask our head stewardess
front tour of the cockpit or relax and enjoy our in flight movie eating raffle
ladies and gentlemen thank you for flying continental lingus in case you emerge to see a head
will drop down from over the sea to find you go right now don't be a never the in flight
meals always fresh race never we sure hope that you will ring us and book a flight on double
lingus 1119 at w i d boy it's going to really be comforting to know that after we go on
vacation you're going to this time right in uh... the end of the month after we go
on vacation this time we'll come back and they'll say hey guess what uh... have a nice summertime
we'll see one of these days because Steve can and Nick Lawrence are going to be working this show
alright George is waving his arms in the glee we have an open line on him although this is really
the last two days man i wouldn't wish on hair man gearing i wouldn't wish it on karen's a gay
that's how bad these last two days have been i mean i realized we got three or four calls on
here right now but that's that's not what you expect like on a big league radio show on a minor
league radio station even the mobile one purple line is sitting there dead at pound i would be
this town is just i think it died i think once that paysock came and went and everybody left town
i think this town we shouldn't we should be sitting shivvy right now maybe that's what they're doing
even the glee are my sitting shivvy for this town you know what that is when you say yes
good alve yes good ash smuck robo every now smuck robo yeah he was my reby here is a boca hello
hey new yes sir how you okay watch that rangers game last time yes i did didn't you know that that rule
was gonna end up screwing somebody somebody somewhere on the line it doesn't every game every single
game that rule just it's got a stop man it's why didn't they change it before the playoffs i don't
know why doesn't Gary beckman and they had Gary beckman on air by the way that twerp they interviewed
him for about five seconds and he's got nothing to say he's a smuck even a look on frasier
face i mean he looked pain to even go on here he never called it to lines man man was the right
call based on the way they're calling the rule but what what was bill garen thinking about why
is he doing like skating right through the other side of the crease when doggie gillmore is sticking
the time goal in there amazing well you talk about uh but it happens to everybody i'm not going
to knock the rangers for that because it happens there with everybody they didn't have any defense
the last couple minutes there and then steve tomas uh steve tomas had one taken back in game two
the other night again the same thing crazy did you see that one no i did yes steve tomas had a
goal called back because again somebody was in a crease together i think he was a one in a crease
yes he was uh in closing yes your uh newsman john em yes let him know that those games with the
marlin yeah in florida not Pittsburgh last two days he's been saying those he's been saying they've
been wow he's uh he's recovering you know how about leesa lou back huh yeah please have a good day
thank you yeah i wish you people would be calling up the management here and getting poor leesa uh
leesa lou perry back on the damn news again instead of this oh god this guy that's obsessed with
the caffeine-free diet coke no seriously is that true is that people who are like recovering
alcoholics drink a lot of diet coke is that what he told did he tell you that or somebody else
tell you that somebody else oh somebody else told you that because we have uh we have several
people in the building who seem to be addicted to like diet coke what does that mean i don't want
it you know i don't want to cash this version even though i'm sitting here drinking my sole water
direct from the Italian Alps by the way how's our friend uh what's his name doing salafel cone oh uh
i don't want to say we could use like many many i mean hundreds of uh uh you know gallons of water
because any day we come in here could be uh you know i'm saying could be the end oh we're praying
are we ever praying we're squeezing it so hard so tight two open lines in day at six two two two
wiod six two two nine four six three and new people up in Palm Beach you know the price is right
buddy but paxons paying big bucks to get you on those lines toll free uh he pays for it one
and the lines one triple eight four seven four nine four six three here's pompano hello
yeah i need it yes sir yeah i spoke to you once before about the uh we had that alien autopsy
yes i was the guy that had the most intelligent i think conversation with you
i'm sure it was whatever you say well whatever um i wanted to come uh ask for a request for
jingles from cklw all day okay i love that station cklw mokasa all right
remember the uh show that used to be on an afternoon up there robin cmore that wasn't on cklw that
was on wjbk no robin cmore swing time oh well he also was on wjbk he was on everywhere
oh there was jack the that was out of winger then he was on jack the uh jack the billboy was on
wjbk too uh yeah yeah robin cmore was on c you're right and uh Dave shaffer i love Dave shaffer he
was good this jockey yeah he was yeah but i grew up with ckl and jo van remember jo van
and dead babies i mean bud davies yeah yeah and tommy shannon was there briefly
with joe's underwear right yeah those were the days man detroit was a great city until 67 until
a a burn it down in room that city it's never come back no no while you know detroit was so great
you still see the burn out buildings yeah that's right like i ate my road and uh right around
livernoy ate my old man all that stuff and never it's 30 years later this year it's 30 years
after the riots in detroit and their areas where they've just uh it's all still all gutted out
and burned out never came back yeah i wonder if royal brine for dealership still up there on 10 mile
of mac beats me i don't know okay Neil everyday ckl wmy mmy yeah let's change the call letters too
i think that the w i would decol itters have been polluted enough with this trash with this
swill that these people have brought in here let's change the call letters okay just like they
took the she call it is up to orlando let's call this uh w t k s junior on real radio
because the w i o d letters i mean they got some nerve to bring back this isla dreams and all
these great old jingles they got some nerve okay because whoever put this station on the air
roby young's friend roby young's boyfriend a hundred years ago they're rolling over in air grave
here what these people are doing to it
there's day all around there's day all around on w i o d i like go to hell okay 11 25 at w i o d let's get
some jingles we're gonna have all jingles all week i think we'll do that let's do that George what
do you say well i have all jingles and all uh what else i'll bill you it and all in reekay all stuff
i like okay screw everybody else as long as i gotta be here every day let's play stuff i like
which yours help be it's most of the stuff you like like the karen k show i'm sure you know i'm
not getting too much comment on this because i've been saying you don't have any audience anyway
but i am telling you man that thing last night that was the worst did you hear it that was the worst
crap i'm gonna say the s word right now swill that was the worst garbage i have ever heard on
a radio in my life i'm 54 years old and a few months past i'm an old fart i've been listening to
radio avidly since i was a little kid i was a radio groupie i was like obsessed with radio
as a kid i have listened to radio from every part of the universe from here to your reign is okay
i have never heard anything so pathetic so lame such garbage in my life as somebody coming on
here and again taking some little clipping out of a newspaper and reading it over it over it over
over i mean how long does it take to get the message nobody cares okay bitch nobody cares about
the two dikes that want to adopt the geek kid okay nobody cares so do you like her she blows
she is the she is a walking abortion okay and like i said for her to come on the first day right out
of the box so to speak and give a song and a dance about how she's her boyfriends the consultant
like she's holding it over everybody's head so to speak you better watch yourself yeah you better
watch yourself okay mr. i'll tell you that right now i had one in my mouth one yeah at least
we have an open line in date six two two two two two i would do i mean the i the audacity of him
putting her on this radio station on this formerly great radio station near the chutzpah the balls
that this man is god to put that bitch on this radio station doing that swill is just enough to make
your blood turtle even atoms in there nodding profusely squeezing himself while he's doing it but never
less nodding profusely on by the way she's very cute just ask her that was another one of her lines
last night when she was talking oh adam just lost lunch and he hasn't even eaten it yet uh-oh
oh breakfast and yesterday's lunch both and dinner whoa look at that
she's cute yeah so is the bottom of my shoe okay after i went out in the back yard this morning
and guess what my golden retriever had a major major problem and even my little dog had doggy diarrhea
a couple of days ago and i accidentally stepped on both and i'm looking at the bottom of my barefoot
right now and that's how good she looks and that would that would be a compliment okay i mean to
come in here with this arrogant attitude we're knowing nothing knowing absolutely nothing and thinking
that these people are going to reinvent what we do is such a slap in the pus to us to the audience
to this community i demand an investigation senator whatever the hell that means i killed some good
time six ten double you i-o-d
hi i'm Michael Jackson and i'm married now that makes me as my show is Luca broccoli
and now since my career's gone downhill i'm selling bubbles bubble bath bubbles and i know
i'm taking bubble bath bubbles bubble bath cause i'm
Michael Jackson bubble bath it'll blow you away
1133 at w-i-o-g they have two open lines in date 629-463 two on the green lines
palm beach the rest of the world the audio net the worldwide internet lines there man
we're talking to people in Taiwan we're talking to people in Taipei we're talking to people who are
time went on right now one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight four
seven four w-i-o-d so what do you think should those lesbian doctors should those uh bull-like
nuns should they be allowed to go to the Vatican and have tea with the pope here's hi alia hello hello
yes sir uh well i care about those two lesbians adopting their kid i i don't think they should i
don't think they should be allowed to do it well i really couldn't care less well you were talking
about it on the real i was not talking about it here and kane was talking about why'd you call her
and talk about all karen kane i don't give a crap about those lesbians about those bull-like feminists
all i care about that you think they're a bull-like feminist that's what i just what do you what
what what what did you understand well a lesbian doesn't necessarily mean it's because she's a
bull-like feminist are you're being the racist no i'm not or racist what does race have to do with it
are we talking about black dikes or white now you're you better go straight in your dikes
out man you don't know your dikes we have all the deadlines open six two two and let me say this okay
for all these experts around here a call like that is worth 50 million dollars get some jackass on
the phone that's what people want to hear that's what makes this radio station not somebody calling
up and playing the game i don't want to mention like mr ego with a heavy heavy heavy doodies
oh put some people on who disagree they can try controversy man that went out with nickers
that's why the light bulbs got point three shares not because nobody can hear the signal you can hear
the signal because nobody wants to here can try bull crap okay we have an open line in the purple line
pound iod all three and day six two two nine four six three let's hear about these lesbians who
are killing themselves so they can get out of their out of their vehicle and go to your rainers come
on let's hear about it right now or else or else we're going to come to your house and kidnap your kid
and give them the john uh ramsie whatever the hell his name is that's right we're going to give
your kids to john ramsey and his wife to experiment with in the basement i'll tell you one thing those
boulder caloretto police man that's that's the kind of all you kids out there you should aspire to
grow up by intelligent like that like the police in boulder caloretto who still haven't got a clue
literally yeah they're still they're still digging under the fingernails you know i mean i
we got kids being killed all over the country but since they weren't little beauty models nobody cares
about those stories and herald away making another multi say i'm going to tell you something if these
people don't keep getting killed heraldos out of business so all you people that want to kill
little kids out there you better not stop because otherwise heraldos going to be off the
urinjuri spring or lose that job in chicago dayd county that's what we're waiting for right now i
am not going to sit back we got four hundred lines is to lit up right now that's not enough i want
every single line on their flaming blazing i was just talking to adam about that curing case
your last night and he was on his hands and he's barfing all over this studio he said he has never
nobody everybody i speak to in the building is just astonished and and a and a gas they can't believe it
six two two nine four six three let's get some of you some of you a fag specs out of your closets
today is the coming out day that's what Ellen said and that what she said she wants all the
holios to come out of the closet on the meal roger show that's exactly what she said
then we'll lighten up on those bulldox feminists again see the thing that i have a problem with lesbians
about and i've told you this before is that for years they pretend to be real uh... uh... uh... uh...
gutsy but in the meantime balsy i guess it'd be the word i'm looking for but the bottom line is
their cowards they've been masquerading as feminists
which is why so many people are turned off to the national organization for women of women on women
and by the whole feminist movement is largely been uh... like a hundred years behind the times
because it's been largely a bunch of bull dikes masquerading as feminists why can't they just say
were a bunch of angry bull dikes and we're not going to take it anymore what's wrong with that
the manhating the manhating bull dikes right those real mullet like bella absook that wants to
hit you over head with her purse who sided with Lorraine of obit when she did that uh... that's right
when she got her since i guarantee i guarantee that bella's got a big pair of scissors in her purse in
her bag in her sack still got two open lines in date i am not taking a call till we get a bunch of
spicks on the phone right now including that have here that called up last night
who says that gay people at home of sexual there's no love involved it's just lust it's just sex
sounds good to me but i mean what do you think have here i want to give it a shot
here's a lady in for the cause guys named have here i don't think i've ever met a have here that
was ugly you know it in fact mostly guys named have here are not human they're columbian is that
a very common columbian name is i guess there's a lot of a lot of spicks named have here from all
the parts from all parts of spick america but have here is a very common columbian name and boy those
columbians man oh man ever seen any columbians with that real real kind of like tanned olive skin you
know that real great complex real smooth skin and real hard smooth tan bodies you know what i'm
talking about and then the guys too huh drug dealers a lot of oh boy here's a lady in for
lottery hello hi Neil yes man Buenos to you all are one journal i've just been sitting here just
how you are you're just i'm on a roll today sweetheart honey it's a it's a funny one i just want
you know i was putting something together in the other room last night in my comment to my soulmate
was what's Neil going to say about darling Karen today oh god it's i'm i'm i'm coming out of the
closet with her i'm not even going to call her the unmentioned well i'm calling her by name
she's a disgrace she's embarrassing she's grotesque and this business of her being in here because
she's the a girlfriend of the consultant the idea that bud packs and allows this crap on a year
here shows you how much that the packs and people care about this radio station they bought it and
maybe that was their game plan maybe because they have all these other stations they bought this
place and maybe they were out to destroy it from the beginning because they're sure doing a great
job would you know it tell adam don't give that much credence to bar thing because you know that's
that's giving credence to him he put up meals from now so here you go i don't got a straight
up here adam has a straight enough i also want to say because i've been a long time listener
when fill left i thought i've really seen through the years now how this thing is totally
washed itself down are you sure you've got to get out of there i am getting out of here you got
to get out i just wish they would tell me which day as in like today or like a week from circus
or after vacation i wish these people be a little more forthcoming and a little more honest
a little upfront although those are words not in their vocabulary and stop diddling around okay
well you know what i think i'm wondering if past and puts these categories up on the board and as
you walk through you pick up this one and this is what you're going to talk about you're on to us
you're on to us she saw through the whole deal yeah and skis between the two of them yeah they
be they just they be going on yeah well it ain't going to it ain't going to happen and you know
rick and suds i don't know how they're going to carry that set station but maybe they'll be out of
there next and then that's it maybe turn them over to channel 45 okay thanks god bless you
keep up the good stuff god bless you sweetheart made the lord bless and keep you thank you darrell bye bye
bye bye speaking to channel 45 how's jenna paul crotch doing these days huh what kind of bullcrap
are they peddling we have an open line at day at six two two you notice how all the broads on these
religious channels they all have to have a lot of mascara that runs all over their puts when they
cry a lot they have a lot of mascara and purple hair do you ever have mascara run on your push
yeah we have two open lines and broard seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w-i-o-d and broard where we're desperate to try to get these people off their ass it's a very uh
strange week monday usually every week i mean every week unless there's something really really
phenomenal going on like maybe the dolphins won a game but other than that monday is usually a
death mel because people are trying to get their lives back together and pretend they're doing
their job after screwing off all weekend and then the rest of the week is uh
marginal but this week monday was ass kicking it was great you almost felt we had people out there
and yesterday and today man it's been just brutal it's been like pulling teeth it's been like yanking it
open line in date county do we have any hulios on there ready to come out of the closet or what
no i'm waiting i'm gonna wait for the first fact to call in here right now cue a cue i don't care
if he's Cuban Mexican Nicaraguan Puerto Rican Colombian Venezuelan i don't care Brazilian well of course
we know they're all fags anyway i want the first specter calling here right now to go on here
and say is a fag right now i'm gonna i'm gonna wait i'm gonna pull a care and care right now six two two
w-i-o-d and date seven six seven w-i-o-d and broard i don't care if it takes me two o'clock we're gonna
eliminate all the spots we're pushing away all the spot breaks we're gonna go right on through
it'll two o'clock if it takes that long until we get some hulio fag on here right now that wants
to do an ellan it sits timely it's right on target it fits in with knots landing coming back tonight
for whatever reason because pat peterson's gonna be on here who's married now on the show a ledge
which we don't believe that we got a fag on here hello hey how you doing hulio line hello yes sir
hey my name is Tony i work at home depot on a street are you a fag coming out of the closet
all right i'm a fag all right there you go god bless you Tony folks my man all right take care
bottoms up and the pop a bone all right well that took care of that how do you like that
oh no wonder that thing floated off the uh oh wasn't that store was it different
which which store was it which home depot was it yesterday
Miami lakes all Miami lakes well thank god thank god it wasn't the one down in a homestead
they probably be interrogating his ass right now and then tomorrow the rest of them we have two
open lines in date six two two nine four six three and two and broard seven six seven nine four six
three see i know it's very unusual these other people these other dollars that we have coming around
on board here i know it's very unusual for me to think this but i would think on a highly rated
show even a mediocre even a lowly rated show that when you're on a year saying here's your
opportunity this is america say whatever the hell you want i don't give a crap about those feminists
bull likes and then adopted kid who gives a flying crap come on here and when in doubt vented out speak
your piece speak your mind how about those panthers how about that Kirk molar and Randy muller and
whoever the hell these people are huh they don't know they don't know from nothing they wouldn't
know bill he would from bill bonds they wouldn't know bill kennedy from bill stern
which is a very sad commentary on the and i realized does make people bad people they've just been
sheltered they've lived a cloistered life here in the state of florida and that's pretty sad like
i said yesterday get on a plane and just say go to the airport and just uh whip out your credit card
go to the airport and whip it out there's a lot of that goes on over there by the way go over to
the airport just whip out your credit card say here give me a ticket to somewhere anywhere you're
going like in the next hour so i don't have to wait too long just to go somewhere and see what the
real goddamn world is all about i'm a serious man the the periculous level of the people in this area
in this state in this state the idea like if somebody lives in kendal their idea of a big a big weekend
is like a trip up to the palm beach line or even a broward line forget about palm beach oh we got in
the car with all the way up to the golden glades wow whoo heavy duty baby that's their idea of a big
outing a big trip that's the kind of outing that they're into they pack a they pack a box lunch they
put a few ants in there so they can feel like it's a real picnic and they take a drive up to go
they don't get out and i'll tell you one thing by the way if you go up to the golden glades get off
on a hundred and sixty third go east about five or six blocks and go through the basket robins drive
through at least make it worthwhile you don't have to get out of the car at all you'll be safe but you
have to stop the car well you keep the motor running why have you ever been in the basket
driving through robberies are have you ever there's no robber oh you are the biggest turd burger
there are no robberies at the basket robins drive through on a hundred sixty third street
you even know where it is yeah yeah have you ever been through there no i have never got robbed
oh it's a good stuff i mean i'm not eating that stuff now and not if you're on a diet but like if
you're a skinny or if you like don't have to worry about your weight if you like something sweet
if you're gonna drive all the way up from candle least you can do is go to uh uh basket robins
and go right through the drive through and say give me give me a hot fudge sunday three scoops
with extra fudge and like rocky road and maybe uh whatever else whatever uh uh uh uh
uh peek and pray lean marshmallow cream with marm with marshmallow cream on that sounds like an
hot fudge and the whip cream and cherries and nuts too hold the nuts
loving forty oh i'm sorry i was holding the nuts eleven forty five at wio dealer wonderful
i a look dimming jack oh my god six ten double you i od you know he sounds like an effing
creative genius to me that uh john for and oh that's not him that's a guy named uh what is his name
john briskle what is it john briskle briskle oh boy so we got john for it is creating and john
briskle is voicing with that real uh that real kind of voiceless dead sound great
what's happening promo that's john for all right great did you hear that before
we have an open line and date six i don't listen six two two nine four six three six two two
wio er's a faggot look at what's happening this weekend here's a faggot hialia i am a loting
game on hialia yes i just want to say i'm very happy i'm very happy that i came out of the closet
yes and i want to adopt three young boys okay and i always hang out in the cafeteria all right in the
cafeteria center deal okay we'll see you there go choke the chicken we have an open line in day
six two two nine four six three we have two open lines any out of time i see there's a uh there's a
real fag pretending to be a fag you know that hoolio thing changing his voice just in case anybody
believed it here's fort lauderdale on a mobile hello fort lauderdale on a mobile
going once going twice okay let's go to a mimey hello
hey nil yes sir hey how are you doing today great oh great me too um first one say happy mother
scratching date all the everyone out there all your mothers out there yeah yeah there's plenty of
right all you mothers this Sunday all the restaurants are going to be jammed packed from all these
people taking their mothers out for heartburn yeah yeah my brother works at a restaurant down here
in his last days moving to another outfit and they're making them work on their last day isn't
that nice yeah isn't that sweet after 20 years that's their way to say have a great meeting they're
canning him no he uh no he's just leaving him oh no room to advance uh huh but uh he found another place
so anyhow uh went to the doctor this morning yes and i was watching Jerry Springer yeah is that the
guy i want to be uh there was a i want to be a lesbian transvestite now none yes no it's on
picked up Eddie Murphy i want to be a nude model and the one girl takes her top off in front of the
audience didn't by catch that no it did not yeah well they bleed it out you know like the the
blur yeah they put the little things on there they they blurred it out but she did it in front of
audience and there was young kids in the audience isn't that isn't that nice yeah and i didn't see
anybody run out of the audience they were kind of dumbfounded yeah but anyhow so my doctor shows me
that i got a blood cholesterol 267 not too good not good at all and he tells me to eat no more meat
go on vegetables only well he's full of crap i guess that'll work but that's it all depends
are you overweight uh probably about 30 pounds yeah there you go right sounds like an
Atkins candidate to me right yeah i got the book and uh you think go take care of it uh
for the Atkins won't work for me huh he told me the Atkins won't work for me why not i don't
you can't talk sense to it you know to the doctor so you know something that means you need
another doctor see more people accept the crap from their doctor because he's wearing that white
suit and you're thinking know something go find yourself a real doctor you think so i'm telling
you man what can you suggest one wizard and i don't know well where do you live uh north day
well george will give you my doctor's name right yeah i appreciate it okay all right have good
day hang on line two give him uh my doctor's name my Italian doctor now i got a great doctor man he's a good
guy his staff well hey nothing's perfect i mean you know when you're working this time when you live
and working this time you do the best you can't like that windies thing like i said we love your
meat Dave Thomas but boy some of your help oh god i wouldn't wish to money up brown and i'm
talking about the real one sorry Cheryl we have an open line at day six two two nine four six three six
two two here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello Neil yes sir hi how are you great i got a nice
mother's day story okay the religious uh my mother recently remarried a Catholic a few years ago
needed to say she turned Catholic oh my god originally she was married to my father who was
Muslim then she was Muslim now she's Catholic yeah she went from Muslim to Catholic uh huh anyway i
just uh i just like okay whatever you know but a few months ago my little brother i was i
have a little brother now seven years old is he circumcised yes oh thank god i was walking
out home with him and i asked him you know why don't you celebrate Halloween this year
well daddy says Halloween is the devil's night out yeah so we couldn't celebrate Halloween
so wait a minute daddy is this farbiss and a Catholic is that what you're saying right the stepfather
the stepfather is like a very very religious cat lick and he says that Halloween is the devil's
night out it's the work of the devil that's what he told his seven-year-old boy needless to say i went
not that's it what kind of a stupid thing is that to say yeah can i smas macho lucifer or Walter
sable that's our poll question today unbelievable now they're mad at me for being mad at him for saying
that you know what i you know what i would feed him yeah i'd feed him some of that jello pudding
yeah tell him to get out of his vehicle ahead for your rainous they're both heavy into jesus and you know
oh i don't know what to do man but but my c's man i i ignored as much as i can but now i'm like you know
i'd go to a done corley on that's what i would do for justice man you got to go visit the done
yeah or maybe even done shula that or trick the crap out of them there you go that sounds better go
call up sunny he'll take care of him all right now call up sunny on a causeway see if he's uh
doing okay all right good luck pal thank god bless you thank you okay don't be doing
no trick and treat neither maybe a little treat a trick but no treat that's what the frugal gourmet says
he likes his tricks and his treats we have two open line in day at six two two nine four six three one
and brown at seven six seven nine four six three on this amazing day and this amazing place let's say
amazing grace come on all your religious assholes out there let's put our hands together let's
light the candles let's rock back and forth let's dovon let's pray let's sprinkle the holy water
all over squirt squirt all sorry that unpeed and i forgot eleven fifty six and double that was kind
of cute i would give it like a well about a five on a scale of two hundred was okay hey all
you heat fans out there all you heat fans baby sunshine networks nb a playoff coverage of the
Atlantic division champion mime heat continues tonight as the mime heat pursues their quest for a
championship against the new york nicks in this the most successful season in franchise history the
heat venture into the second round for the first time with pat Riley facing his former team mime is
writing a wave of emotion following a five game series with the magic while the next got to restart
the engine following your first round sweep of Charlotte yeah okay tune in tonight is Tim
hardaway in a lot of more or an intake on Patrick Ewing and Larry Johnson and all his other
see the heat take on the next tonight on sunshine network pregame begins at 630 see why sunshine
be the leader in florida sports coverage the heat and the next tonight six 10 double do io d
meal Rogers while you're goofing off it worked and that's a good idea thank you sir six 10
double do io d meal Rogers god yo sports fans and shimmy d here and i got trouble enough trying to
remember people's names when he changed their names and said if famous things become even more
remember Trevor Burbick the boxer well Trevor's got a new name israel p-burbick i don't know if he's
arrived by now or what but he's changed his name to israel christ jaxe did the same thing when he
was in college he was christ jaxe and now he's my mood i'm moved for route for something a dog was
saved same with isa right in college he was j off now it's isa no this nobody ever changes the name
to steve a bob it's always got to be a name that makes it sound like a suspect in the world
traits at the bombing all through sports history this has been happening cash his clay became my
mom and i laid lu al sinbo became kareem up do jibbar and so on chicil on yield didn't have to
change his name was stupid in the first place a couple years ago Mike Tyson was thinking about
an aim change but he decided against it because he had enough troubles following his old one
another thing i noticed is how do you never see white guys changing their names on old pama
becomes amad abdula larry bird changes to alim gombo rabal the closest thing we got to a white
athlete changes name is tanya hotings xx has been Jeff goolee he had a hearing in portland to
change his name to jep stone and there were a bunch of people there fighting to change in court
i didn't know you could do that one of the guys protest and was an actor named tall pison who
played a character named jep stone on the donna read show he was outraged and said his reputation
could be ruined i got one question Jeff what reputation not only ain't it your real name nobody
remembers you you could be dead and we wouldn't know or care at least the guy that took your name
out of you sick remember that hotting belouli honeymoon video whoo maybe that's where people get
confused and you'll rack up the chicks i say you get a name when you're born you ought to be stuck
with it no changes for any reason if your parents go bastards then you're screwed i'm a moobokaboo
and that's what i think thank you so much 1205 at w i o d on a great wednesday here at the home of
hysteria man where everybody's running around in circles going little bit like that we got lots
open lines now again at noon yesterday too we actually built up a little momentum just before noon
like maybe a call and then noon came and all of a sudden okay we don't care no more you can't do
that to us man you can't do this to us we're dying over here two open lines in day six two two nine
four six three two and rowered seven six seven nine four six three here's poppano hello time color
all right all right hey i got a question a comment and a request yes okay forget
six ten double du i o d meal rogers while you're goofing off it worked hey that's a good idea thank you
sir six ten double du i o d meal rogers god yo sports fans it's Jimmy D here and i got trouble enough
trying to remember people's names when he changed their names if that if famous things become
even more difficult remember Trevor Burbick the boxer well Trevor's got a new name
israel paper i don't know if he's arrived by now or what but he's changed his name to israel
christ jaxe did the same thing when he was in college it was christ jaxe and now he's my mood i
do a move for rout for something a dog would say same with isa right in college he was j off now
it's isa no this nobody ever changes their name to steve a bob it's always got to be a name that
makes him sound like a suspect in the world trade center bombing all through sports history
this has been happening cash his clay became a hominah layl lu al sindor became kareem up bul jibar
and so she keel on yield didn't have to change his name was stupid in the first place a couple of
years ago mike tyson was thinking about an aim change but he decided against it because he had
enough troubles fell in his old one another thing i noticed is i can never see white guys changing
in aim on old pama becomes amad abdula larry bird changes to alim gombo rabal the closest
thing we got to a white athlete changes name is kanya hotings xx has been jeff goley
he had a hearing in portland to change his name to jeff stone and there were a bunch of people
there fighting to change in court i didn't know you could do that one of the guys protested
was an act of name called pita's and who played a character named jeff stone on the dana read show
he was outraged and said his reputation could be ruined i got one question jeff what reputation
not only ain't it your real name nobody remembers you you could be dead and we wouldn't know what
at least the guy that took your name out of you stick remember that hotting beluli honey movie
oh oh maybe that's where people get confused and you'll rack up the chicks i say you get a name
when you're born you ought to be stuck with it no changes for any reason if your parents go
bastards then you're screwed i'm a moobo kubu and that's what i think thank you so much
205 at w i o d on a great wednesday here at the home of hysteria man where everybody's running
around in circles going little bit like that we got lots of open lines now again at noon yesterday
too we actually built up a little momentum just before noon like maybe a call and then noon came
and all of a sudden okay we don't care no more you can't do that to us man you can't do this to us
we're dying over here two open lines in date six two two nine four six three two and
broard seven six seven nine four six three here's poppano hello time caller all right all right
hey i got a question a comment and a request yes okay forget about the request we're not doing a
request we want verbal intercourse today forget this request stuff well it kind of go hand in hand
with the uh the fat or the with the fact stuff yeah well think about it okay okay anyways uh
question i never really got an answer or found out an answer about what happened to run and run
why they left uh zeta four can you answer that they didn't leave zeta four the paxon people panic
because howard came on the year and they panicked and realized that howard was going to blow them out
of the water and so they blew that show off and then in their infinite wisdom they bought the
network a couple of years later and put them on the year here and they're doing like fractions man
their numbers are so small you need a magnifying glass to see them well that's that's weird because
in the typical way that only paxon can do yes i was hearing all kinds of rumors that uh
there's sexual allegation no there were not uh nothing like that i had nothing to do with that
nothing nothing that good uh okay uh comment to do with desperate ratings as in none
yeah comment yes i was in the army i have had basic and a it over at fort dix new jersey yes
um it's kind of surprising that uh hearing about this this drill sergeant and the sergeant
major of the army and everything like that um now all this is suddenly coming out of the closet
yeah at least he was living up to his name anyway yeah right girl sergeant yeah well anyways um
when i when i was an a it we would have the guys in the first floor girls would be on the second
yeah i would see the girls in formation the next day a couple of them coming down in
here's because a couple the drill sergeants what they're and put some kind of you know
i got you down yeah yeah so it's it's kind of surprising for me to hear that all of a sudden
all this stuff is coming out this stuff should have been out a long time ago yeah and
just like that Graham James with the hockey players man all this all this stuff has been swept
out of the carpet for years like the thing with all the priest to child molesting priest they just
sweep it out of the carpet as long as nobody knows about it just keep it a secret well they don't
want to hear it right you know anyways because one thing we know in a military man there ain't no
sex going on thank god for that no it's not him and good morning the military no way not out there
in the navy not in the Marines in the navy when those guys are about to run those ships for months
at a time we know there ain't nobody doing nothing out there they're not even touching themselves
what about their wives back home the exactly yeah uh huh anyway so they're quest I gotta make
maybe they're getting drilled by the dentist that could be uh they're quest I gotta make yeah
the the gay square dance gay square dance yeah see what you're gonna do is make this in a way
in a way requesting now oh well I don't mean to but you know it's
riding along to the gay square dance got a great big zipper in the back of my pants
get off the horse at the old barn door got my saddle turned around I'm a riding on the horn
look inside folks are dancing all around there goes Johnny and his mother's not yeah all the man
left and all the man right all the man needs a pillow to fight
give your partner a silly a smirk all going hands for a big circle jerk
volunteers all raise your hand who's gonna be the next pivot man
invest your partner home for a drink lick your lips and give him a weight with a great big smile
and a great big nod let him know your gerbil's deep cloud okay 1209 at ww i'd be here it is this is
the moment of truth just like yesterday we arrived at this same moment right around the same time
too maybe it's a part of the new format two open lines in date county six two two nine four six
three six two two w i o d we're talking about guys who've been in the navy who used to do each other
out there at sea and we have in other words real semen and we're uh...broward wide open seven six seven
nine four six three anybody in the navy ever see real semen or just make believe seven six seven
w i o d and broward completely wide open dead as a door nail as they leave us in the lurch again
boy sure makes you have to wonder don't it here's curl gable hello
you know how's it going okay sir
deal yesterday you were talking about uh...
okay got trouble with uh... having a computer in flag around his neck yes
okay i go to that same school that boy went to yeah and you were saying that he should be able to
wear it but the the school said he couldn't because there was be the now's gang
everything with beards is gang related right well but first of all
the the dean of students at the school polka high which it is you know uh... she is cuban
there's a kid here here who's the boy was wearing the cuban flag yes in a gang
so you know people are taking the wrong way what do you mean by that
well for one thing okay people think you know he should be able to wear the cuban flag
so he's in is in a cuban gang no so what is the cuban flag have to do with the gang
well just the way that he wears it you know he's like trying to get all land together and
and well what do you mean just the way that he wears it is he wear it on his neck or does he
wear it on his neck i mean where does he wear it he wears on his neck yeah so what does that mean
if i were if i were a star of David around my neck does that mean i'm trying to get all the
Jews together i'm an ojampra vokitor no no no no but you just got through saying that yes yes
you just said that but you see no beads are gang related anyway get out of here beads are gang
related i got your beads over how about rosary beads so studio yeah okay excellent point thank you
now you're making sense okay now we're not beads huh what what about those butt beads
are you are you are you crazy yeah that's gang related to is in gang bang look at this one call
left on the board okay this calls for drastic measures now let's see let me just reach over here
oh we got bill don't forget about old bill it's timely help yourself with peggy Scott Adams we
could play that Beatles song that's five and a half minutes we got one call left on the board
there and now the audience has decided to show us over parties over guys it's all over
okay to play this game i have never ever how could i how have i lasted 21 years in this town man
i've never seen so many dead heads in my life we got six hundred and eighty five juicy hot topics
going here today there isn't anybody out there who'll even make the effort to pick up their instrument
or their phone six two two w i o t into i'm telling you man this is contagious it reminds me
know it reminds me of when joey started working on a weekends on this station years ago
not not not years and long enough but i mean years ago and uh all i'd come in there to do some work
like we were putting up the uh committal's house stuff together at that time the best of
on a weekend and i'd come in and he'd be sitting there with bill marshall and i look at the phone
it would be there would be not a call and i'd say to myself that's not possible this is w i would
never have a situation like that and uh it kind of like uh gets contagious it's like a disease
that spreads and that's what's going on with this radio station right now i can't imagine why for
the life of me so what do you think about those two bull dikes want to adopt that geek kid huh
date county we got two open lines still in day six two two nine four six three it's either you
call or we're playing peggy Scott Adams and bill bill at uh that that uh drag queen whatever the
hell it is my husband ran off with bill and it was a real thrill but not for me here's a mobile in
bokeh hello hi me how you doing okay sir you were talking before about Karen Kaye did you catch the
fact that she hates these homeless guys selling the newspapers on the street yeah somebody called
about that yeah i couldn't believe how much she was like the cleaving these guys of earning a living
she is such a brad did what did she do before this exactly she was part-time bitch in Trenton
new jersey on some uh make believe radio station who did he know or you know want to get this job
i'm you already know the answer to that she talks about it all the time she's the girlfriend of
the consultant walver sebo sebo sebo rhymes with i don't know as in sebo well you mentioned joey
Reynolds this what joey Reynolds was a genius in comparison to this i agree i couldn't agree more
i remember that show that you were talking about when joey when you were there that Saturday and
joey asked you to come on you were bashing him right then and there on that show yeah i will never
forget that one that was classic i am that him right right but this one makes joey Reynolds and i
never thought i'd say this this one makes joey see look i get a genius i can't believe the station
has crumbled so bad it has it has really has well sitting here man okay thank the lord i'm counting
the minutes thank you so much okay not too much of a flicker here w i o d one
this is lifeless oh they just calling don't say anything okay so in other words we got a bunch of
assholes or cons so i thought a bunch just one i thought we were going to you know i'm talking about
in general there once i went through my thing they're about threatening to play the record we had
a whole bunch of flurry of eight million lines ringing but they have nothing to say
as in broward not a single two million people in broward and just like yesterday there's not one
person on there man i think i better take the whole summer off is what i better do i better
like as in today better start today better slap on some tapes today we'll run all the spots back to back
six two two w i o d in date all three day lines waiting on you seven six seven nine four six three
and broward two on the out of town lines fourteen on the purple lines one hundred and seventy two
under mahogany lines what do you think about that nine thousand dollar engagement ring anyway should
you he get it back or what come on let's hear about this this is important stuff don't you
understand it twelve fifteen and w i o d wonderful i'll have
defense
blood cuddling i say six ten w i o d from nineteen and w i o d join us with our topic today why do four
people reproduce like rabbits
i have no force again
i'm the one through save a little black as a danne i want you hop inside my company car
i got the pictures and taxing it out of my hand i'm gonna make it you and rainy old style
i'm older save a baby i can do anything i want to do i'm your consultant woman
and i'm gonna be consulting you i'm giving that phone on a craft show
and a formula i've got some boy up i've got the power to mold and control you
whoa you know i do
where are have a way to get your own show at a station down in highly war
and i don't care if you're ready to load just as long as you can stroke me good
back down i'm older save our baby and you'll do anything i want you to
of your consultant woman spread your leg when i desire you i'm gonna bone you
i'm older i don't stop getting a real job that's why i'm a consultant because i'm just an ass
home
1220 at w i o d happy wednesday we hope you're having a great day don't forget mom the sunday man
it's muddys day take her out to like a real great restaurant like uh what's that place where my
mother always goes at horrible place where they have like chicken oh what is the name of that place
it's it's like a chain swiss shallay and that's exactly it very good the swiss shallay
can you imagine taking your mother to the swiss shallay for mother's day oh fat i can't think of
anything more grotesque she likes it okay let's go to a mobile in bokeh hello
hey me how are you doing great hey i got a new car yesterday and i just i couldn't believe
but i was sitting there setting up the stations when i got to the a.m. i usually put six ten right at
the first one because i want to make sure i can get to you and then i realized that i'm not
gonna need six ten anymore so i put it way down there on the right hand side and it's gonna go
right off the system as soon as you move over to five sixty which is gonna go right off the right
hand side right past surf exactly it's kind of like uh sign fell the other night you know being
on the memory call making sure you know who was number one and number two i now have five
sixty on my number one spot there because that's where you're going yeah so i just it's it's
happening it's just it's amazing it is happening what is that actual switch over you're asking me
i have no idea you have no idea this is the strangest deal in the history of mankind it is some
some on or before January 1st hopefully before yes sir my wife Suzanne you're a pregnant douchebag
okay see ya hope she don't know any by the way i'm guiding light we have two open lines in
day six two two nine four six three six two two two w i o d we have one inbroward seven six seven
nine four six three seven six seven w i o d our topic today is should those bulldogs give back
that diamond engagement ring here's a uh what does that mean is that his name is that uh what does
that mean christian and davie a christian and davie hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir
hey first of all i've i've listened to you for years and i love you yes you know just like god loves
the centenary hates to spend oh yeah right well listen anyways about that's what it is that's what
need a bride used to say before she went bankrupt yeah well listen i you know i don't hate everyone i
i really care for everyone and and i don't have any animosity towards anyone i want to get that
straight but no there's no but but but but but but but but no but it sounded like a preface to
something else no i sounded lucky i guess you know a man makes him a little while ago regarding
Halloween and that started in with the druids and a lot of people don't understand well let me
ask you a question okay what difference does it make how it got started don't we know what it
means today don't we know how it that it's a fun thing for people to go out and pester their
neighbors and get their kids a bunch of candy and get them sick and for perverts to put like razor blades
and apples and that's what it's all about that's the purpose well could i take it has nothing to do
with religion it has nothing to do with the devil it has nothing to do with the druids it has nothing
to do with Lucifer it has nothing to do with jews or goyam or anybody else it's just a night of
fun for the people in their little pat monkey kids that's all okay well i remember that's all very
simple okay well i respect your opinion can you let's not in opinion it's a fact what can't can
you listen what i have to say i'll be delighted all right listen all right uh and and the early
uh twelve hundred okay the druids they started uh why do you keep going back to this again well
listen to me because you don't understand it's correct that way that's correct they were probably
good that he's totally wrong all right well listen they would they would have child sacrifices
and the cackel and they'd like the candle with human fat and and and first of all let me ask you
this were you there to see this well do you do you believe that Napoleon and Hitler existed
Napoleon and Hitler yeah i believe yeah they both existed right okay well that's history
we're Napoleon and Hitler back in the uh twelveth century well listen that was history and i'm
trying to say is and how about Shakespeare did he exist of course he did yeah was that his real name
do we know how about there there's all kinds of historical people that we didn't even know
of for sure if that was the real name if they were some of them if they we leave it existed
well i guess in five hundred years but what does that have to do with anything why you giving me a
history a tortured fractured fairy tale history lesson here uh that has something i just got
through telling you what uh holo means all about right well and what are you trying to say
in my far-bicinna glacier friend what do you try to say Neil and five hundred years
that could have if no riders existed okay forget about that what is the what are the druids
have to do with the way that holo ween is celebrated now well it started out as an occult
i don't care how it started out let me see it again you're like that you're the most
definitive typical religious asshole i there all you're all the same you just keep repeating
the same crap and you just keep going like a steamroller out of control if somebody asks you a
question you can't be bothered because you know you can't answer the question well can i answer it
i'm waiting okay one last shot all right one last shot okay you talk you talk you talk you talk
you're talking about Jesus and he said that he is the way in the car Jesus has got nothing to do
with holo ween let's get back to holo ween because he's a good okay two open lines in day it's
six two two w i o d two and browards seven six seven goyem seven six seven w i o d and two on the
other townlines these religious people man this hocus pocus and you know something these guys who
are offering themselves this heavens gate of this cult it's not helping at all you think that at
least if if anything that these people dying might wake up somebody out there and realize that
all this religious horse crap is nothing more than horse crap superstition and bull crap it's garbage
and here's a guy a huck in a trine who didn't say anything who started defending this other
Catholic guy who's all psychotic because lucifer and holo ween are like uh go hand in gland or whatever
now it was and now this guy's talking about the druids and crap that allegedly happened like eight
million years ago which didn't happen in the first place but who cares if it did what does it
got to do with the price of rice in peoria anyway nothing but don't try to have a conversation
because he's just gonna keep rolling right along there with a blinders on right down the old Hershey
highway but of course he don't have nothing against anybody he's just a good Christian
two open lines in date county come on let's get with it okay how can you be sitting on your dead
ass after a great call like that huh what do you think thumbs up or thumbs down lucifer or the devil
which one you like better same thing i thought lucifer was a cat a pussy two open lines in date two
and brown or six two two w i o d two and brown we may have to take a break here just because it's
so agitating you know what 1220 or because it's scheduled 1227 at w i o d six 10 w i o d wonderful
i'll do do i pooped my pants six 10 w i o d i i i i i i i i i i don't have a clue
every Halloween you go crazy trying to find a cool costume yes your brain you right
you go it swaps and neggars then at the party 20 more terminator clones you're all saying i'll be back
you'll be something trendy something's carrying no doubt like we're in with this thing hanging out
get a new costume when you take the treat get a new costume when you take the treat
get a new costume when you take the treat get a new costume when you take the treat
Freddy Kruger Jason or a pregnant nun forget it did they've all been done
anyway the chicken is give me as costume a winner contest just like last year it's a given
you decided what you go is it the Halloween ball people in visit for man and let's you up in all get a new idea for a costume when you
take the treat get a new costume when you take the treat get a new idea for a costume when you take the
treat get a new costume when you take the treat get a new one
well 33 at w i o d our topic today Halloween is it a lot of fun or is it the work of the devil is it
lucifer and drag that's what it's all about hey how about those druids dammit how about those human
sacrifices that the Jews and the Christians oh sorry about that shouldn't have brought that into it
we have two open lines in day and six two two nine four six three six two two crazy religious people
with their fairy tales and superstition and bubble mice is that's our topic today and tomorrow and
the next day in the year after that here's coral gables on a mobile hello uncle nia yes sir how's it going
today great is your pie's on from coral gables here and i want first day i want to say is that news
guy the guy doesn't news hilarious very funny we love him and i said give me a break give me a break
he's the best he blows he blows chunks yeah no i mean if no one else wants these children why the hell not
even if someone else wants oh i don't want to talk about that are you serious i don't want to talk
about that no no call up curin case he's probably going to be talking about that again tomorrow night
okay well then how about um jesus freaks yeah whatever speaking of jesus freaks that one won't stop
who the last one the halloween guy what do you mean he won't stop calling the conversation is over
that said he didn't want to have a conversation go ahead sir i'm listening uh these people those
about halloween or whatever yeah give me a break and they how ridiculous if you want to get off
it there's a spreeks but they're all out there man they're there they're out there
millions of them such a hypocrisy they're such a paradox in what they say it's ridiculous
okay thank you so much okay we have two open lines in it what is the guy saying when he's calling
you back doesn't he understand once the king always the king but once the queens enough he's praying for us
you go go pray go put your hands together go rub your rosary beads probably a gang member
probably got beads all over the house you beady i'd geek you asshole oh yeah i mean you know you try
to have a conversation with people like that i mean it's great stuff but you can only go so long
when they keep repeating the same crap and they keep wandering all over the place because it has
nothing to do with a question the question is what did it have to do with halloween today and he
couldn't answer the question he knew he couldn't answer it so he's going ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
he's talking kaka i'm telling you man there why is it why doesn't anybody in this god damn country
have the balls to talk about this bull crap all this money being flushed down the toilet with
this religious crap people are starving to death and people are sitting around praying for him how
about giving him something to eat for christ sakes oh no we're sitting around like he's praying for
us okay save your time pal do us a favor w-i-o-d yeah Neil same guy right George got killed him now yeah
yeah yeah same guy same guy he hasn't got anything against anybody he's a wonderful guy yeah you sound
like a real wonderful guy to me go get a hobby okay go try sticking your rosary beads in your
back my kid a big thrill okay fact errands going to be coming back tonight to talk just about that
about anal glove beads two open lines and date six two two w-i-o-d one and bro you made a call right
now i'm telling you that you're going to burn in hell forever you're going to be in purgatory with
groucho marks and wait till that damn duck comes down you're going to really be up spits creek
come tell you that you're going to be up marks spits creek creek creek how is marks bits by the way
he's a dentist oh my god nice Jewish boy he looked pretty good for a couple of minutes here's a
lady in four-lotterdale hello hey me how you doing okay good i'm waiting for more of these religious
nuts to call in i love it i want to hear from every one of them all the good believers out there all
you jesus freaks all you abraham and Moses freaks all you orthodox goofballs that are doveting and
rocking back and forth with your mumbo jumbo oh i love it i have a book crab are you there i'm here
okay i have a story to tell you about a bible something at home came to where i work is there any
other kind all right exactly exactly okay i do nails okay and i have this client who comes and he
gets his manicure every week yeah he fits down and he tells me over and over about how i'm
followed because i'm Jewish and all the Jews are going to hell all the Muslims are going to have
in that nice charge every Sunday isn't that charming and what do you do to him i'm sorry what do
you what is your relationship to him oh he i'm a manicurist he's one of my clients i'd chop his
fingers right off right exactly go get better okay he goes on on preachers to me every week and then
i was wearing a stride a straight line are you really that desperate that you need to listen to some
jackass like that i finally told him to leave i finally told him to leave but the point of the story is
that i he already told me that you know after he bitches that mean and you know preachers to me
he told me how much he loves my legs and he wants to take you to the beat right right oh god oh god
that's good i have never in my life met or read about or heard about any of these self-proclaimed
religious freaks who isn't the biggest damn horny bastard on the face of the earth they are doing
everybody thank you and this guy's like 60 years old on 19 and he can't get his claws off of me
and i just wanted to kill him anyway that's my story good god have a great day you too bye we have
an open line in day at six two two halloween man that's our topic today we finally sunk our teeth
into something that we can really sink it into that we can really go nuts about and what about
those bats and those cats evil evil evil like i said the cats i think the guys got a point i never
thought about the cat part every cat on the face of the earth is an evil creature each and every cat
is evil don't ever just look in her eyes man if you get that close without getting spooked oh sorry
we have an open line on the purple line pound iod we have an open line and i bet you're black people
don't have cats black people tend to be very superstitious because many of the are not generalizing
are you yes black people as a whole as a whole rack them tend to be a little on the superstitious
and of course who isn't superstitious it's like when i'm filling up my tank with gas i never
like stop it on the number 13 do you i don't care but i like to squeeze a little bit extra without
well i always like to squeeze a little bit extra just in case something might happen we have uh
well this this phone thing man is pathetic this is pathetic we're solving all the problems of the
human race right here and you people are such a bunch of bungholes that you don't even have the
energy to pick up the phone and scream and yell that guy should have you hysterical hysterical
the guy with his bull crap about Halloween he's condemning each and every one of you and you know
something i think he's got another good point keep all these people with their pain in the ass
kids away from my door in addition to which save probably save a hell of a lot of lives too not only are
you poisoning the kids with this tons of sugar we wonder why all these kids are like a hyperventilating
and jumping up and down like uh same-vitas dance it's the american sugar disease you're killing your
kids and yourselves with sugar sugar kills baby don't ever forget it killer carbs and what's the
so let's ban Halloween what do you say let's do it right now first we'll get rid of the tools
on the turnpike then we're gonna ban freaking Halloween how about we'll send the kids around and
they can get money instead not on my house here's pember pine hello yeah sir hey how you doing great
i heard that bitch last night when i was taking a shower we're back to her again that bitch
well i i was calling because you were talking about a stupid topic that she was talking about
yeah that's fucking bitch like like 15 20 minutes and i shut it off it's stuck she just doesn't get it
nobody cares about that nobody cares i mean everybody cares about Halloween i got something today man
that thanks to my good christian friend i got a good topic here today Halloweeny you're absolutely
correct about the sugar i cut out sugar about a year ago i i didn't want me to die or anything i
just started playing racket ball and cut out the sugars and i want to say something else i'm
gonna tell you one other thing not only a sugar so harmful it is i've said this before i want to
say it again the most addictive substance far more addictive than any drug than alcohol then
tobacco nicotine it is the most addictive substance known to mankind and all these grave robbers
right the government's all concerned about smoking and cigarettes and they're suing this one and in
the meantime the people are making a sugar man they are the biggest killers on the face of the
earth more people get strokes and heart attacks and diabetes and every other god damn disease from
sugar and it's in everything you can eat there's more sugar hidden in the american diet
than you can shake your stick at listen and closing yes Carlos your douche bag keep it up pal
pal and your diet too two open lines and browards seven six seven nine four what is that
what is that what did Leslie just bring in there or am i supposed to mind my own business
god's medicine remember that lady such as bringing you by cheese all great excellent
a outstanding i could sure use a little right now i could use little spritz
maybe i can spray something in my uh water to stick the cheesecake i don't want to cheese
cake we want to cheese cake well what who's that from oh that's from her no i don't want that i'm
going to mommy's for lunch today i don't want somebody to ruin my lunch everybody keeps sending me
food that i don't want i thank you so much i don't want your cheesecake you eat it and see how it is
i'm sure it's great it's free we have an open line of browards seven six seven nine four six three
seven six seven nine four six three rhymes with free thank you so much Leslie and thank you for that
what is this fight a mist now what is this what is in this oh d a t a thank you so much sweetheart what
was her name her name is uh we don't have her name brandy's place gods medicines health foods
and supplements one nine oh seven seven west dixie highway in north mime beach hundred nine
uth and west dixie let me just shake it for a minute and this thing too
ain't nothing happened in george it's not shippritson out
ah ah ah good stuff so thanks again to god's metachini
gods medicines they're in oh man look let's say hear the sound of that you can hear the difference
already like i said thank you so much wow d a ta man it's good for it's good for your immune
system it's good for what else you good for hemorrhits too just spritz a little in your
recto and you'll never see one again it's the fifty fifty mix of two days hits and it
broke eight huh look i almost was five eight and a hundred ten pounds and blonde
if not for a little sperm problem on the part of my father i made it with my mother's hand yesterday
they say don't get sucked in by the consultants they know nothing they know absolutely but
they're gonna give you a big son and dance and whatever they tell you by the way stuff they
still for me and other people who are successful the best variety and south florida double do i od
two open lines in day these people they are spastic they're here they're there they're going
they don't have the courage of their convictions they're not gonna tangle with me all those good
believers out there like that jackass before they could christian that's giving us fractured
fairy tales even bullwinkle never saw fractured fairy tales like those but where can i get some of
those human fat candles be exactly well you can doven over them on friday night like my grandma like
my bubble used to do and you can rock back in fourth and doven blah blah blah blah blah blah
rojatada no yeah exactly cut the crap quit living in the stone age already coming to the 20th century
wake up and use your brain if you got one if you went in for liposuction could you request that
the doctor save your fat so you can take it home make candles out of it and offer the stock probably
steve will have a spot on for that by the end of next week here's a mobile in four-letter
tale hello mobile in four-letter tale going once going twice thank you w i o d
hey uh... now go okay listen uh you think you have tax and wasn't such a bivofumper his treatment
of you would have been different i haven't got any i know i i don't think that's got anything to do
with i think he's just an asshole i think he knows nothing about this business i think he brought
into guy who uh sold them a bill of goods named water sable and he really believes that this guy
is going to reinvent me and reinvent talk radio and thank god i'm getting the hell out right my
experience with him is like they can't seem to separate the business from that you know something
that religious i'm i let me say it again the meeting i had with him several weeks ago every other
word was f in this and as that and god oh yeah he's that all that crap is just for show i don't
believe that uh... he's in any of that stuff the word hypocrite comes to mind the user when it suits
them back exactly exactly okay back to you the only the only a god that he worships is uh... on a
dollar bill we have two open lines in broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w i o d and we have an open line in date six two two and we have two and palm beach in the rest
of the universe at one triple eight four seven four nine four six three let's get our jello
putting before bill cause these out of our lives forever and before any more of these people off
themselves and cnn's got any more great video tapes to show sure killed some good time
here's a mobile in my army hello i need yes sir if they didn't have a devil what would be the
sense of having a christian yeah so that's why they have to promote it meaning without without an
evil there's no reason for their good like madeline oh here's like madeline hair said before she
disappeared religion without a hell isn't worth a damn that was exactly her quote yes exactly
right you got to scare you got to scare the hell out of the people okay if anybody really believes
that if there was a god he would for you would cause you to burn in hell forever what kind of a god
is that kind of a sick twisted god is that that's right supposed to be a loving god and yada yada yada
but also was a selfish god how can god be perfect and also be selfish isn't there like a little
contradiction there of course it is and it's all ridiculous even a child if they sit down and
they read any of this crap they say this is ridiculous this is stuff for simpletons people don't
they just blinded by everything they're just brainwashed and they're too stupid they're too lazy
to think for themselves and get a new phone they're too lazy to get a new phone so they're steven
jay gray who's also sick and tired of that news guy that jackass that arrogant egotistical
popus award-winning jackass we have an open line in date six two two two w i o d we have one
and broard seven six seven w i o d yeah everybody around here all this new ray jeman they're all big
shots they're all bossing everybody around and oh give me this and get me that yeah big deal we're
really impressed with your award okay john millford bread for douchebag the third we're really
impressed you would know a new story if it's lit inside your anus here's bokeh hello i kneel how
you great i've actually i've listened to you back in the w n w s days yeah you know sometimes i
agree with you and sometimes i don't and i guess this is one of the times i don't agree with you
about what well i know you i know your show is satire and quite frankly no one does a better
than you in terms of satire and that's right but there's one thing that i needed to mention and
that has to do with some not all but but a part of the the jewish humor you use for example
a lot of the jewish humor i think is fantastic like the the song be true to your shul and
yeah well i'm not here about the good stuff let you have the bad stuff that here's the bad stuff
here's the stuff that bothers me bad stuff according to you okay uh you know a lot of people don't
know that you're jewish and sometimes how could they not how could there be somebody on the
you're using yetish words who could up wouldn't be jewish well okay what i'm ridiculous okay but
what i'm really saying it's that sometimes you don't be like me saying to molly goalberg don't say
oye vey because a lot of people don't know your jewish okay i guess what i'm really saying is
sometimes you'll say things like ju-bitch or ju-canoo and what i think it does at least in my opinion
is that i think it fuels some of the you know the anti-semites again i'll get out of here give me a
break i mean now you talk about ridiculous well no i i i you know i'm gonna tell you any people who
don't have a sense of humor that's one thing about the jews look at all the great jewish comedians
the one reason the jews have survived all these years is because they've always had a great sense of
humor even in the middle of the worst adversity they got a sense of humor i'm just saying that
there are times where you'll get an anti-semitic call or two uh you know on the air and i think some
of them feel that if they talk show host makes these kind of comments on the air it adds more
we know how long do i put up with anti-semite calls well you don't how long do i put up with anti-cuban
calls even though i use words like spick and hulio and stuff like that people with a sense of humor
listen to this show and the other people don't have a sense of humor they're listening in the closet
and i feel sorry for them i just i just you know that's just my opinion and i know that for example
when you know like the term ju-bitch or whatever if someone other than a jewish person said that
it would be highly offensive there are many things you say on the air why don't you go back to
Canada you you bastard see i didn't even say it i know but that's one of the things but the bottom
well wait a minute that's another one of the things well not that you said but the the recording
that you just play yeah that's also offensive you know but when i say there's a lot of Jewish
how about if i say you go a bastard is that okay no it's not okay he's a book i'm saying is
this how about you spick how about you spick bastard no it's not okay you to but i'm well i'm saying
how about you dumb shfarts are you how would that be in closing all i'm saying is it's a lot of
Jewish humor you use i think it's great i think that's fine and you know something i'm going to
continue doing what i do okay that's just my not i don't see one thing i don't do is ask the
audience to call in here give me instructions as to how to do the show we have plenty of people
on a station who could use some instruction believe me desperately but i'm not one of them
all right just my opinion zygazooan was he Jewish we have two open lines in dates uh huh humorless
kike exactly six two two nine four six three two open lines in date and we have an open line
of browards seven six seven let's get back to the halloween stuff okay i think the guy had an excellent
point halloween is a disgusting grotesque satanic holiday and all those evil cats and bats and
spirits uh there you can smell it in the air can't you at halloween time you can go out there or
is that just all that rotting candy in the fruit too much rotten fruit here's tamarack hello
me yeah that's you you're not prejudiced you pick on everybody equally yes there is a sign that
there is a god though i'll by the way there's a jew in tamarack yeah did you read last week or the
week before i need a brian declared bankruptcy yes i did i've mentioned that several times and thank
you so much for mentioning again all right last but not least because i missed the morning you did
mention fenn fenn the big article yes i did and then again we were we were we had it yesterday we
were on it yesterday the woman buried in her wedding dress you got it and in closing you've heard the
term serial killer yeah it's a serial killer a guy who goes kuku for koko puffs no frosted flakes thank
you have a great day too much frosted flakes and you want to know why because it's loaded with azucada
baby it's loaded with sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar is making more people hysterical and more people
hyper and jumping off the walls and your little kids are crazy why because you're loading them
with sugar even all the baby foods as if you look at the label most of it's loaded with sugar
it's the american way of killing the population with a great taste and talk about addictive
anybody else out there i'm i'm sure there are plenty of other people who even have a worse addiction than
i do although i have no idea how that's possible i am telling you man if i eat something with sugar in
it there is no such thing as eating only one if there is a box of a hundred i could eat one or two
with the best of intentions and within a matter of twenty thirty minutes they're all gone i don't
care whether it's candy i don't care whether it's cookies i don't care whether it's like a half
gallon of ice cream if i start eating something with sugar in it it stimulates my appetite to the point
where i just practically am killing myself with sugar and you don't hear the government talking about
that because it's big business i don't hear anybody i don't hear one person out there all these
people that want the network shows all those tv shows to be rated everything's got to have a rating
so we know we're not sending for presenting anything harmful to our kids like god forbid naked boobies
oh my god we don't want to see our kids see a naked woman or a penis god forbid
but every show on Saturday morning is sponsored by candy bars and cereal all loaded with sugar
every single one of those products that advertises on those cartoon shows and every other kids show
on Saturday morning every single one of those sponsors is killer crap killer crap for your kids
and i don't see anybody getting all bent out of shape about that
so it goes to show you man you can't complain about the american priorities because there aren't any
we have an open line and brow at seven six seven we have one on the mobile per one purple line
another grotesque day in hell here man whether we have definitely died here at wio d and gone to
doggie purgatory make no mistake about that because no matter how many how many bone chilling
spine tingling things we get ourselves into here it's the same old please begging on your hands
in these like a dog like a dog begging for a bone trying to a listen to response from you deadheads
out there terrifying how about not slanting by the way 1257 at wio d lew
six ten double do i o d meal rogers while you're goofing off it work meaning what six ten
double do i o d it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon either boys and girls today
we've got a very extra special friend stopping by show us all about something really special
uh i heard him at the door right now come on in mr. McMick
are you ready hey brought by something i wanted to show you i wonder what it is it looks like looks
like a octopus with a kelta that's me back boy you're back hey oh what can i touch it
sure go ahead oh run your hands that's that's soft hey like velvet hey what's this right here
that is my blowpipe you what what do you do with the blowpipe you blow it lad blow you blow
hey you put your mouth around it on your blow okay can i do that okay would you like to blow
my pipe lad it oh can i sure go ahead okay come on lad you got to put your mouth around it lad don't
be afraid it's not gonna break all right like like this hey that's a boy sticking on the way down
your throw there it's getting bigger hey it means you're doing it right what's this over here
that's mid shanta what's what do i do with that what you do with that lad is you put your both
hands on it you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
hey run your hands up and down it there now what you want to do laddie is you want to blow on the pipe
you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft
real quick okay all together all at the same time okay here we go oh good laddie
hey that's good laddie sure that's good laddie keep blowing no harder laddie harder squeeze the bag
squeeze more run your hands up and down the shaft quick faster run your hands up and down faster
blow blow
you're gonna play it on my phone
after the kiss me breath maybe by the roll tool
break them okay 106 at w-i-o-d happy wednesday to you we have an open line on the mobile one
purple line amazingly enough pound i-o-d but that's the way things are going this week
that's the way things are going this week as in uh w-e-a-k and we have an open line in
brow which is ringing as i speak how do you like that here's dania hello dania is gone okay that's
good here's the mimey hello yes sir hi dania how you doing great sir i'm calling you because uh last
year this day i had a friend who died and we call you and tell you about it he wasn't wanting to
call you and you'll record tengo mucho pellero en la punta right remember and today's a year
wanting to call you and let you know and we'll feel real sorry about it but he wasn't good listener of
you you're listening to you all the time tengo mucho pellero en la punta as a guy right there oh my
god as a guy today's a year dahi dahi and then tengo mucho pellero en la punta there is right there
well we'll keep his memory alive okay neo you're doing a good job sir keep going i hear you want
a while but i always do in big omen all right and what big omen sir okay thank you i read
it ergy all right what do you say we have an open line in date six two two two two two two two
w-i-o-d we have one in powered seven six seven we have the mobile one purple line at pound i-o-d
which you're anko and anko too good today where are we having a sale on it we not only pay the
freight we pay you a hundred dollars not what is this what is this for two decades two heroic statues
one male and one female faced each other in the city park until one day an angel came down from
heaven you've been such exemplary statues he announced to them that i'm going to give you a special
gift i'm going to bring you both to life for thirty minutes in which you can do anything you want
and with a clap of his hands the angel brought the statues to life the two approached each other a
bit shirley but soon dashed for the bushes from which shortly emerged a good deal of giggling
laughing and shaking of branches fifteen minutes later the two statues emerged from the bushes
wide grins on their faces you still have fifteen more minutes at the angel winking knowingly
grinning even more widely the female statue turned to the male statue and said great only this
time you hold a pigeon down and i'll crap on its head i've heard that before yeah
it doesn't say crap something er close to it a close to relative we have an open line in the mobile
one line pound i would be we have one and broard one and day we're solving the halloween problem
uh... once and for all here today we're solving the problems of the heavens gate and heavens great
we're going to solve the problem of those two bull dikes to want to adopt that uh that
retarded kid we're solving the problem of that guy with his nine thousand dollar engagement ring
we're getting him psychiatric health here's Delray Beach hello yeah nil yes sir what happened
that i died at the rich fan says hit dead yeah dead let's go to a tamarack hello
hello yes sir hey i'm nil how you doing okay all right i just want to talk to you i'm down from
games going out for the summer i go to school you effort yes sir and i just want to say one thing
then he warped with a douchebag yeah the christian douchebag can beat that gator meat yeah
can't stand him he's always on campus always bible something pretty yeah but that's not the only
thing you stump it if you know what i'm saying i know you're saying yeah that's really i just want
to say is that he's a douchebag he probably knows uh what's his name used to be at uh at fsu
what was the kid's name he's with Tampa Bay now the backup quarterback kacy welding there was
another good born again for you oh man look out for those born again athletes man i can't stand
all a good act god bless you my child you too okay we have an open line in day at six two two nine
four six we see now he's supposed to sneeze and we have two open lines and browards seven six seven
w i o d still have the mobile one purple line open god almighty how can that be i think we must have
sinned here today george and god is punishing that line for it he's punishing until it turns purple
here's candle hello either how you do okay sir uh i just wanted to kind of thank you about the center
one cd's a long time ago and i remembered that you have the bridge tender was on it yeah and that
took up a lot of space and everything and you normally can't play that it's good that you put that
on that cd what do you mean i normally can't play it so i can play it but it just a little bit on the old
sides a little old and more now that's why we put it on there so people like you could listen to it
over it over again and uh have yourself a good time with it exactly i mean it's it's very long
as i'm saying yeah well it's i wish i had like to make it out the bridge tender i met it was pretty
short um hey i was wondering do you think we have cowboy uh dig thing yeah um you can you do that
on friday you think can i do a win i'm on the request friday and case i can't get through the call
absolutely because my brother stand by for cowboy dick on friday thank you because i'm
what's really never happy capway dick yeah well maybe he'll develop a taste for one
have a great day we have two open lines a day at six two two nine four six three six two two
w i would be and two under palm beach and out of town lines is in bokeh and del rear we on like five
watch these last couple of days that might be it that might be it we must be out about what's our
common point one point one one point oh oh it's old point oh it's old point oh that means we're off
the air and we're still getting a couple of calls not bad god can you imagine if we were on the
year we need about four four five lines here here's pember pine zelo hey how's going
now great i'm the one yesterday i'm dug to send you the holy water facts yesterday yeah it was
great dog that was pretty good one that was better than one i just read with the pigeon crap yeah well
that one was pretty good yeah oh here we go here's the crown here's the chronic facts are again
which i said yesterday he stopped but all i had to do was mention the name to thank god he's
still listing and i'm still i re-improving away and here's the other chronic facts are which all
i like that two together George two chronic factors and both go right in the oaks square
file i only send you the good facts right these guys are got nothing to say and i'll
lead same waste of paper every day trees have to be cut down so assholes like this can send stupid
faxes i'll take i've tried to listen to care in a couple times the worst talk show in the history
of the human race well i don't know about that but i'm telling you man i have never ever heard
anything even close to the doodoo the worst talk radio i've ever heard in my life exactly if i did
say but you think he'd give me a job could be maybe uh well i wanted to talk about my two old form
the the topic for this hour yeah uh have you heard about the three kids in the Catholic school
in Miramar that uh they're not being allowed in well what do you mean if i heard about that you can't
you can't even go to the bathroom without hearing another story about that well you know i got
i got two takes on that one of them is that the father is a real asshole yeah because he doesn't
want to kids to understand uh you know the reality of life yeah but then again it's the Catholics
teaching it to him yeah well you know he got there and screw everything and procreate and uh
get us plenty of uh new recruit now all three of the kids are uh girls right no there's two boys
and one girl oh there's two boys and a girl oh no one of their upset i don't blame them one the one
boy looks like he's about sixteen and if he doesn't know everything already yeah forget it uh
they better not start telling them stuff he might start uh touching in places where it's not safe
father of tools exactly have a great day we'll see okay oh my god the Catholic it's like people
that go to priest for marriage counseling i mean you talk about dumb you talk about stupid it's
like people that go to the confessional and father of tools sitting around the other side is demanding
that you tell him every intimate aspect of everything you've ever done mostly sexual they don't
care about the other stuff okay they don't care that you stole five thousand dollars from the
company till they want to hear about the good stuff and uh they're over there on the other side
you say hey father you got like emphysema you have a heavy cold is we just keep talking yeah right
who are you kidding man you perverts you perverts we have an open line a day at six two two father
tool and we have two and brown seven six seven priest seven six seven fag he allow our pain six 10
w i o d the worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life was on w o d death bed records presents a one
of a kind collection the only good solution in my case dr jack of orcane sings the songs of the
rolling stone now you can enjoy the soothing sounds of dr kay in the privacy of your own home
listen when you get up in the morning listen before you go to bed at night listen as you're placing
your lips around the tailpipe of your car this album is not available in stores to order yours
just call that elderly lady down the street who probably has his number by the phone and the
ban will be over shortly your copy
dr death sings the songs of the rolling stones once you hear it you'll wonder how you ever lived without it
and
there's a
there's a
on
w i o d
and we didn't even need dr jack how do you like that one nineteen and w i o d we have an open line
in day six two two all three and broard seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d
here's Delray Beach hello nil your faggot okay good thanks a lot thanks for the bulletin
here's oh that was buddhu in a voice here's surfside on a mobile hello
see
tiki amo and don you and don ini
i'm don you and o lini i got beach at the oh no what can we do for you sir
phasier as a referee you think he's a good ref they all suck now come on it's gotta be one
that better than the other he's not he's fair he has his good days in his bad days
one of the fair of them all right man he's okay you would like to see some i've seen some real crappy
games that he's called more i've seen games when he was more worried about getting his hair out of
joint he's to you know that that's all he cares about is having enough hair spray that head is not
move that's why he doesn't move the head too much and a lot of stuff is going on the sides and behind
him you don't want to look because his hair might get out of joint i give him more fair than poor
games i think he's you know more on the better side more fair than than well he's fair i think
we i like him sucks was watching the game the ranger uh
jersey game was that was that also watching paint drawing your opinion no it was it was better
it was better than the previous game i thought the third period was pretty exciting that's good
new jersey was all over them they were hanging on like life and death oh my god
rick your rick your kept him in the game then of course the disallowed gold didn't hurt any
because because bill garen decided to go through for a skate in the crease uh i still can't
figure out where the hell he was going he was probably trying to get out of the crease
he was he skated right through it though he had no there no reason being over there he skated
right through the crease yeah put all that happens in like a hundred percent yeah you're right i
know but these guys are going to be much more conscious of it because they know what's going on
he he cost them uh wow all right i'm not going to argue with that in closing Neil uh is your
prediction changed on the ranger part i mean on the uh i don't know i know my prediction is not
changed on the rangers going anywhere they're not going anywhere they're like uh you know well the
look like it to me i mean they played one uh uh pretty damn good third period there but they
just can't score they don't score any goals how to how can you win games when you can't score any
goals they remind me of the panthers if it has caught enough to win they're no they are
looks looks to me like they're down two games to one last time i checked
i'm sorry i'm sorry i thought you meant the rangers but all right no i'm talking about the devils
they're not score any goals but the peppering rick the was shot well they got to stick it in
you can't win unless you stick it right in there and the puck too right exactly good luck pal finally
finally in closing yes okay i don't know even though you say barna be in the butching up of the
buff flows is costing them the game with the flyers no i i i i i said that i said that mouthing off
in the game on saturday and getting into that big brawl woke the flyers up out of a deep coma
and that was the turn to me that was the turning point of the series if buffalo with a one-net game
they'd be in pretty good shape right now but they're not how about the last game with the barna
he was great in the last game he's one of my favorite players i won't knock Matthew Barnaby he's
great huh now i can see why you like him he's he's he's dynamite i'm most of them ray also they
they got a hell of a team and they got uh uh mike peca and he got uh holes in her and he got uh
michael uh growshik and he got uh jason daugh none of them are superstars but each and every one of
them is a good solid two-way player man they got a very nice team and balls too exactly they would
have killed us that's right listen thank you for taking my call on a m six ten w i o d and thanks
for calling six ten w i o d we have an open line in a mobile one line that's pound i o d we have
one in day two and broward is there going to be like this from now until we leave here in a
couple of minutes oh my god if yesterday and today are the harbinger of things to come the holsinger
of things to come it's going to be a long hot summer in the magic city here's north mimey b
cello hello yes sir this is uh first time caller yes i have a friend that's been listening to you for a
long time he always tells me how great y'all yeah one of them is gonna let's say one of them out
i think he's right yeah all right i wanted to talk about that that's the uh whole thing of
ray apple men uh not see whole holsinger is that his name yeah brine holsinger yeah i didn't know he
was a notsy well number nineteen i was just wondering where he came from i mean i didn't know i think
let's just ask at your one oh was it uh when a peg okay we have an open line in day at six two two
nine four six three two and broward we don't talk to people over the age of death okay just because
i played the doctor kevorkian thing don't mean we'll talk to old farts i realize we can't be too
but no old farts okay because old farts smell stale make no mistake about it that's right seriously
if you cut one like in the car or in an elevator and it smells real musty you know that means that
that gas has been in your body for a long time the must year the aroma that means the longer that
you've been harboring that inside your innards and thank god we got it out just in time before a
major explosion it's right just to just remember you heard that from dr. niel you heard it here first
i mean i'm no linda lovelace or linda energy whatever hella her name is
linda energy boy oh but there's there's another amazing episode when we write the four hundred
chapter book about this place there's another one that should take about five or ten good chapters
right there i mean that whole episode with her and the a physician standing behind her like some
kind of a limbing i had one in my mouth once how are limings here's the lady in west palm b
chill out lady in west palm gone oh my god what what's going on here with these people today
what is going on with these people it's like they got same fight as dance in their pants don't tell
me there's nothing going on in this town don't tell me you're in a big ass hurry today because i
don't buy it there ain't nothing going on here it's better than a door nail and if you don't get
to them within like five seconds boy wow where's that we don't have time for you two open lines
in date county six two two w i o d two and broard seven six seven nine four six three here's hollywood
hello hello yes sir Neil yes yeah i want to tell you about a quick story um this is one time right
all that a party right yeah for the bunch of friends yeah and um we were all you know having a
little fun party whatever right yeah the cop came in right yeah broke the party up took the joint
out of my hand yeah and they took me outside right yeah right by the cop car and then he started
smoking it with me yeah he sparked it up and we're smoking a big doobie great congratulations okay the
brow lines are wide open now seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d one twenty six
a w uh whatever this is used to be are you not doing that dial amatris where where do you see a
dial amatris oh she wrote it in over here she said she was going to tell you i make good
i hate to break the news you sweetheart she didn't write nothing in over here i don't
know nothing about i'll be more than glad to talk about it since i got my own mattress from them
right at home but she didn't bother coming in here and writing nothing on my log i'm supposed to be
psychic i'm supposed to know these things like automatic i'm sure it's my fault by the way do
dial amatris this break okay listen if you need a good mattress you can waste a lot of time and get
all heated up and run around town a waste gas and spend a lot of money and go to your department
stir okay and get ripped off or you can just sit right where you are and pick up the phone
to call one eight hundred m a t t r a s dial amatris has got the best brands the biggest election in
the entire state they give you outstanding delivery all over the state now all the way up to Jacksonville
so if you got like more better things to do with your time then run around sloppin and slocking
for a new mattress just pick up the phone and call them one eight hundred m a t t r s they give you
the best prices savings of up to 60 percent on quality name brand betting they deliver your
mattress just a few hours after your order it they come to your home set the new mattress up take
away the old one and if you don't like the mattress they bring over you can exchange it with no
questions asked you can't beat this deal anywhere so if you want to sleep on a best thing that you've
ever put your a button at least in a mattress pick up the phone and call them today one eight hundred
m a t t r a s one eight hundred m a t t r a s leave off the last as it stands for stew pandas
the opinions expressed on w i o d are those of Neil Rogers okay amen you got it you got it
down perfect man you got the formula there are other opinions but for law six ten w i o d i know that
the lord even loves Neil Rogers
yeah
what would i do if you come to buy the
new
now the book depends on you
and the powers you possess
since you saved his life with your flights is our life all you've got a job for you to do
you
are you married
are you married
you have a brand new style too
we love the way you want your do
with the make me on your chest and all the grease you tight your you
turn
bending those two are all grey
you
who's with the speed of a gazelle
sex the bad guy straight to hell when a building starts too well with your
oi 132 a w i o d anybody out there know any virgins we have two open lines in
day six two two nine four six three see back in the biblical times more sedate times
there were a lot more virgins running around oh there weren't okay let's go to del rei b
cello
all right yes sir hey Neil how you doing okay
hey i know you feel kind of like Phil Hendry did when he knew he was leaving and he had to sit there
anyway yeah so i have a suggestion you have something there where you can loop a tape
and just let it play yeah i can do it i can just put music on fine that that would be wrong
fine that tape a Phil Hendry burn in the station down in a dog barking in the background
yeah let it run uh-huh and then get up and leave i don't think so try it i don't think so
oh well yeah oh well two open lines there's another programming expert for you
see i show up every day and even though i may sound a little bit on the psychotic side
and even though i have nothing but great to stay in for what's going on around me here i just
continue showing up every day and every Monday to give me a paycheck and i say thank you so much
and thanks for those nice new billboards by the way all over the place the big red ones you know
with that the stokey in my purse and George and i just continue with amazement shaking
our heads and wondering when the holiday is going to come that we can finally get there a lot of
but in the meantime we show up every day and yeah i could just put a bunch of crap music on
there especially you know this it's interesting this guy calls because like i've said this before
as bad as the paxon people are and the consultant and all the other crap that's going on here
if the audience which they're not but if the audience in his town and they're never going to change
up in your 21 years they will never ever change these people are dead heads but if the audience
was responsive it could be okay i mean uh we're you know basically in the driver's seat here
we could be having a good time every day but it's the same old crap no matter how many different
things you talk about it well that's not they're not interested they got nothing to say they
got nothing to offer they're too damn lazy to pick up the phone oh hey no i listen every day but
i never call i'm so sick of meeting people like that if i had a a hundred dollar bill for every
person i met like that i could buy the day and join and turn it into a parking lot oh they're
going to do it already look at those deadlines two open lines a day i spent half of the show here
just given the phone numbers out so now one of these boneheads they got on there doing these stupid
topics no one of they just keep repeating the numbers over and over and over again what's wrong with
talking about a couple of bull dikes they want to adopt some a retarded kid what's wrong with that
we had two calls on that today which i don't even want to talk about it we had two calls on it
which is more than she got except the course from a hove here i know you're listening out there
hove here but you don't have the balls to call here today you've figured you might it cone
exactly you might it cone
date county six two two nine four six three two open lines there two and brown and just like all
these religious nuts they're out there listening right now all these believers they don't have the balls
how much how much confidence can you have in a bull crap that you've been brainwashed and do
that you won't even pick up the phone and dispute what i'm saying because you know you can't defend it
you know it's a bunch of crap and you're still over the years man they finally just kind of
vanished into the woodwork except for that one jackball that called before about Halloween in the
druids frank frank oh is that his name yeah figures probably knows frank synatra
here's mommy lakes hello i'm not calling about the drink the druids or the dicks or anything
how about druid dikes or the druid dikes or frank synatra yeah i would i never drive at six o'clock
but i happen to be driving yesterday and i hit a few buttons and all of a sudden i hear a guy who's
doing a really funny black guy really horrible accent you know i'm saying she maybe fill Henry's back on
so i'm listening to this and i just can't believe this guy can't can't form a sentence and he's talking
like super ebonics and all of a sudden it's i find out that it's Hank Goldberg has some guy on
who actually like has a show because i'm a more boring chromati chromati oh he don't belong on
here just to say hello he's horrendous when you get over to you but i get him out of here oh i
better get him out of there yeah where i'm like i'm going to decide who's going to be there and
who's not going to be there well your power come on please let me tell you this right now okay my
power i have never ever any place i've been in this town twenty one years i've never decided
whether anybody was going to be there or not going to be there but you tell the truth
yeah when you get on and explain to the people it's over and you explained it i'm not there
yeah warren chromati does not belong on here i've already told those people that and they're pretty
well aware of it he blows he's inarticulate at best well embarrassing at work i thought i
felt bad i thought it was like an anti-black thing because this guy was took i thought i had the
king fish on her like a name is an am he is he's going to be he's going to be be doing aim is an
Andy he was terrible okay i'm glad you like the show okay now we're down to two calls date county
wide open six like i said see this is where the problem is it's not the paxon people i mean it is
the paxon people that's that's a separate story it's a different chapter in the book i mean that's
like the different 400 chapters but it's this audience here man it's the i.o.d audience it's the
dead heads the dead heads outline the red heads and the red heads by the way are the dead heads make no
mistake about that you ever you show me a guy with red here besides boog shambi of course my close
personal friend two open lines and browards seven six seven w i.o.d two and date six two two i'm just
going to keep repeating the numbers till every line lights up that's what i'm going to do air v from
now till of the next break i'm just going to keep repeating the numbers over and over again that's
our new format at w i.o.d and thanks for calling six ten w i.o.d six two two w i.o.d and date seven six seven
seven nine four six three and broward one triple eight four seven four w i.o.d and Palm Beach and
the audio net lines in around the world toll free we pay the freight one triple eight four seven four
nine four six three open lines and browards seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven
w i.o.d open lines and the out of town line sagrina i'm just going to center and keep repeating the
numbers i'm not going to put on some endless loop like i like like that guy says and
shirt my responsibility here to aggravate myself for the benefit of this audience that's what they
want to hear that's what they love to hear and that's that's the sad part of it is we could have
a great show if we had people to talk to but we don't because it's south florida man it's the land
of the walking dead it has been for years and it's never going to change and the powers that be who
are in charge here all the grave robbers all these thieves jipsies tramps and thieves man when they
made that song when sheer did that song it was about this town jipsies tramps and god damn thieves
that's what this town's all about as in politicians as in the people who are running this joint and the
people of cemetery village who want to make damn sure we're not having too good of a time here's a lady
mobile in Miami hello yes ma'am Neil yes i am yes i'm a long time lifter first time caller great
i want to tell you that i did not see element degenerates number 20 all right we're up to 20 now venti
whenever and also uh you are actually right about the city of my amy the people don't respond they don't
give a pardon my friend they don't give a exact that thing bleeped itself that was very good she's got
her own bleeper i've never had the guts to call you and i wanted to call you and tell you that i
absolutely um dearly in love with your with your show and i wish to help uh there was more of you
and more time i wish i had more time on the air amen i should be on from six a.m. to midnight
i agree 150 percent you're a breath of fresh air and god bless you i take it easy see you bye bye bye
there's a lady who cared enough to send her very best how do you like that after that guy after
and you know something everything was going fairly well until that far missing a lunatic called
with his Halloween bull crap that killed a show thanks a lot frank you jackass with your
with your bubble my sees okay about the druids and about that melting wax i think this guy must
an on vinson price in fact we had a time up to a pull and beat the crap out of give him his own
house of wax here's plantation hello hey nio yes sir and i stand you've got a program director
that just left real radio up in the orlando yes sir he just brought the same crap down here right
hey talk of the DJs up there they hate the guy yeah so happy to see him go they had a party and
i'm here he's a major major asshole he's too fazed he's phony he's full of crap he came down here
he's screwing up people's lives he's putting on all his cronies on here the worst thing that happens
when a pd comes in he starts bringing all his old cronies in then you know that the guy is strictly
bull crap and you know what they need and this is the and he's the same guy by the way who told me
i can't tell you how many times oh listen when i was negotiating my deal which thank i did not
sign with this company told me about a zillion times well you know if you're not going to be there
i'm not going to be there either right right telling another good one they've got a DJ up there that
follows how it's turned by the name of ed till he sucks yeah you're not kidding what you need to do
is uh try to figure a way to get yourself to take take his place oh yeah that's just why i need to
do is go to orlando man that's what i've always wanted to do hey let's see let's see ed till
carry the ratings he's carrying now i think they can bring ed till down here that's uh we better call
him up and suggest it hey Neil i've been listening to you when i'm down south here even since the days
of the rock and roll army on zeta yeah great you're wonderful the best the best uh the best in the
universe make no mistake about it thank you so much okay take and i'll read it to you okay enough
of the sucking we have two open lines and browards seven six seven i want to see these lines explode
here i want to see an implosion on their phone i want to see a major gigantic right there there it is
right on that phone i want to see some uh you know some indication that there's some life out there
i'm so tired of going everywhere and telling me oh yeah everybody over here listen to that i don't
care about that it's great that everybody listens that's wonderful i want some assholes to talk to
not smart people i want some morons to talk to i want some jackasses to talk to
that's what makes the show good and to show you how little they know is they they screen the
call so on the other shows they screen them so intensively that the morons don't get on the year
very rarely and that's what makes great talk radio that will make that's what makes this station great
is once in a while here in a jackass here and somebody ripping the ass out of me or out of uh
whoever it might be out of rick riley i mean what more what could make a better day for anybody in
america then hear it somebody call up and ripping an ass on rick riley my god i get sexual excitement
when we get a call like that and usually it's true i mean uh so let's hear about his behavior
again the other night of that thing when he went to an elimousine picked him up and it was ordering
everybody around and making all kinds of demands like some kind of a hot shot i mean don't get me
wrong i like rick and suds to a point i like suds we have two open lines and broward 7679 463 767
wild but rick that's another story so like i said that's what makes it interesting and exciting and
spices it up as opposed to this dry boring contrived controlled we're gonna manipulate and put it
on here yeah good put it out of a computer why don't you start generating voices out of a computer
and type in the words that you want to be said on the year that's real exciting radio man you
guys wouldn't know a radio station if they shut five them up your records right
Walters saybo and harry venus i hope the two of me loathed together
and airry you know something for once in my life my my senses my radar worked i mean a lot of times
in this business your paranoid you're a little bit overreactive but man this time i had it right
on the money baby right on the money i knew exactly what they were gonna do this joint i knew
exactly but this real radio horsecraft format they were gonna try to install down here and bring
that all their cronies and girlfriends and everybody else hey hallelujah great goes to show me they
got a lot of respect for a station it's been on here for 74 freaking years right not
six tam w i o d the topic today why don't we get phone call
six tam w i o d
George or me or whoever it is you can tell you're six fat f**king
a c s he has no way to talk religion because he is a bag it and he is not representative of our thinking
oh
oh
by the road
they sold this radio station boy now the future is in doubt we've been talking about
paxons ever since cocks pull out now we'll work for paxons ride the man's a million
s
gone on one from paxons i have no life he's like wing with more hair
you might think that it's a bummer when fell injuries gone okay say goodbye to air in
summers say hi to run and run they're gone on one from paxons and that's a matter of fact
thank you baby
gone on one from paxons but he'll ain't changing his act
oh my god
paxons upon again Christian oh
rages to see can be
he wants to change the stations ladders the w g o d now we'll work for paxons
it's good
better not do it it's supposed to Halloween
it's already made the set too close to sicko to my old man it's 150 a w i o d
boy do i feel good it must have been a d-h-e-a you know what that i just spritzed uh deep inside my
rectum wow holy Toledo i feel like Rick weaver here's a mobile not that old though
mobile and four-lotterdale hello yeah nail yes sir hey it's quirky uh finish arrows one of your
uh county paramedics uh took care of you when you had to go all by their talk about a hundred years ago
yes sir and uh you played something with a scotter sacks in about 20 minutes ago yeah and uh
i had to call my partner it's me bag boy
yeah the bag boy what is thing you i've ever heard you do other than the parting contest
yeah tomorrow we're gonna be on duty or probably said how to mark and park make a 19 dollars an hour
look time you wanted uh i'll we'll call you from the med unit and we'll blow the siren for you
okay that's it we'll blow the chauffeur for us so uh look for the young from us tomorrow we'll be in
the med unit i might even come in for that first time i called in a eight talk and two and now
it's the funniest thing i've heard it remind me of the sentence okay look out for me chanter boy
we're there okay we'll see bye bye okay here's a hellendale scotch you know they got a great sense
humor the scotish here's a hellendale hello
Leo yes you're a breath of fire oh i'm a part of that okay thanks a lot that's Karen doing a voice
thanks Karen here's Kendall hello okay another crazy spick another little fact don't want to come out
of the closet we gave you the opportunity pal you could meet you could like meet your maker
you could like even yourself up with the lord come right out and be honest about it today
couldn't do it he just talking to chaggy bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap you know something we
haven't heard that in a hell of a long time either but here's a crawl spring hello hello there
yes sir uh we all the crap all that it's printed in the paper about you leave in every day and listen
to some that i'm surprised that they haven't started the speculation is the who's going to replace you
yeah because the person has to be crazy to come it's like sign in the suicide note coming to go
just just just just just just just just just tell me what your problem is yeah he's he's
campaigning feverishly here mr. ego he's campaigning feverishly morning noon and night he's playing
both all five sides against the middle but uh and i congratulate just for spending uh iod for
spending packs of money while whining and dining the people from w and n the motivation station
which is the very popular room around this joint that he's uh playing them against the middle
against the middle and uh all over the place because you know like i said you your numbers are
going to go with you your listeners are going to go with that's right they're going to be they're
going to be better than have been in a long time because it's still this whole station is still
my whole existence on this radio station is still i need to be born again but uh you know i i just
uh it'll be interesting to see because uh it's something less like they find some guy from the
hellbop comment it comes out i know something i couldn't give a crap who they bring in they can bring
in uh Walter Cronkite god and Moses i couldn't care less i'm just going to do my thing rip rip short
make them over there you go hey by the way you know there's a rumor that sunny fox i'm glad you
mentioned all of this sunny foxes on ten forty on that uh words in bokers somewhere yes is that true
yes it is oh my god hi this is sunny fox oh jeez he's playing like Andy Williams records yes he
fancy well he's bouncing around everything he does uh cut weekends on the country station too
on kiss yeah he's kissing it thanks for the good news okay have a great day okay so sunny
foxes on that ten forty they're real real i mean magic plays songs from like the fifties and sixties
and maybe early seventies the uh that ten forty w jna they play music for people over the age of death
in fact the heavens gate people they had that station on as they were eating the pudding they had
on the sunny fox show hi this is sunny fox welcome wow so some well you know we all get a mosque the
leban as they say gotta eat we all gotta eat somehow gotta pay for that pudding here's napoles hello
hello yes sir can you hear me okay i hear you great great okay two things i just meant the last
uh six days traveling around florida went to uh orlando to uh see my ex-wife yes sir and she's
moving back down to napoles and i tell you what up those people think that orlando radio is what's
gonna go down here uh i tell you what they have there to think coming they need a lobotomy exactly the
last three days i'd sit up there and was it joe bob and willie or wherever the heck it is first
thing in the morning it's just it's unbelievable yeah did you hear real radio uh no i didn't go that far
oh i spent a lot of time with my wife and stuff so you know i only time i really heard them was on the
way back today going across i four and all because if you heard real radio you'll hear a almost
exact replica of what they're trying to reproduce down here with you can try thing with the topics
and with the heavy screening of the calls and if they think that's gonna go over here man more
power to them t salud one more thing is every break is the same thing yeah every three oh they're these
these old ponderous jingles these rejoins they're doubling up on them now we have one going into the
spots which is a great way for the advertisers to make sure that nobody hears their recorded messages
because everybody's diving for the dial to tune it off and then when we come back at the end of
the break we have another one of these corny old uh crap things so to the like driving them down to
people's throats which is a lot more clutter just takes up a lot more time and just to aggravate
the audience i mean i'm in the talent it seems like in their news broadcast i'm talking about
up there in Orlando everything is the same yeah for two hours they mention the same stuff every time
so uh i'll tell you what uh
