Simley Saluperi, Nailist next on 610-W-I-O-D.
Don't get weird on us. It's only radio.
610-W-I-O-D, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
610-W-I-O-D, presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with you, call 622-W-I-O-D and date.
767-W-I-O-D in Braille, God!
We will want an AT&T wireless customer's can call toll free at Pound-I-O-D.
And now, not only across South Florida, but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-W-I-O-D.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
It's Friday, you bastards!
Hi, I'm Erin Summers, and you know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
Okay.
Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow.
Ho, ho!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow.
Ho, ho, ho!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down. I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white? I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow.
Ho, ho, ho!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down.
10.02. Happy Friday. Happy Good Friday. Good happy Friday to you. Here we are.
Passion clones. Oh, before we do that.
Happy birthday to Fez. Fezzy is whatever he is today. He's what he is.
So anyway, I got you down.
Last night, a horrendous grotesque, I mean really pathetic excuse for a hockey game.
In addition to which I had a real busy and draining. Happy birthday, Fezzy.
Whatever you are. And so anyway, what was I about to say?
No, he said he's 22 today. Going on 45.
Hey, listen, when you work here long enough, you'll be going on 95 pretty soon.
Just get out there in a highway. You'll be going on 95.
So what was I about to say about how bad the hockey game was last night? It sucked. It was bad.
And anybody that's going to say, oh, you shouldn't have left after the second period, boy.
They made it real close there at the end. Yeah, right. Right.
Got one goal with like two minutes left and then Murphy threw the stick up into crowd and hurt that little kid.
And then got a goal with one second left made it real close.
Okay, three to two. It might as well have been 85 to nothing. That was pathetic.
So we had the opportunity on the way home to listen to passion clones,
which is our new nine to midnight show with Aaron K. I'm a Karen K.
Is your name Aaron or Karen?
So anyway, see you didn't hear it. So you don't understand.
I think it's Aaron.
It's Aaron K. I got you down.
So this is like she's like a Aaron Summers clone and I'm listening to a Karen K.
And I'm thinking, wow, okay, I'm going to listen and with an open mind.
And she had that same kind of real caddy. That's the only word I can think about it and has nothing to do with golf.
Okay. It's got teas instead of these.
They don't even have no Rick D's. What are you doing now?
There's a good job for that.
I got you down.
Oh, I love it. I saw that before. Where did that come from? Is that new?
No, it's been in there. It's been in there.
It's an I got you down.
Oh my god. I love it.
I'd love to get you down.
So anyway, I'm listening to Aaron K. Karen K on passion clones.
And now Harry Valentine, who's Harry penis Valentine,
our new PD who's coming one of these days and getting his ass down here too.
He told me the other day, just a couple of days ago, he said,
I want you to know this because there'll be talking to halls and better you hear it from me than in the hallway.
And he told me something confidential, which I never would have discussed on here because it would have been,
I don't believe that you discuss on here who's banging home.
Okay. I don't think it's anybody's business. All you nosy people out there with no lives.
I have no life.
Exactly. But it's great radio.
Here we go. Here we go.
Who the hell are you?
So anyway, I'm listening last night. We're coming back from a very depressing experience at the arena.
I mean, it's just coma inducing and she's going on and on and on about people who sleep with the boss.
And then she like makes this segue into the fact that she has for the last five years been the girlfriend of a radio consultant.
Then she becomes even more specific and announces to us that she's been the girlfriend of our radio consultant here at WIOD.
And then she mentions by name Walter Sabo.
And she's carrying on about, oh, why is everybody so hysterical about this?
Why does everybody care so much? And it didn't seem like anybody cared because they were like basically no calls in that 45 minutes going home.
There were two calls. One was a crank who said Paxen would fire by noon today.
And the other one was some fake fag with some ridiculous story that she was evidently buying into.
But at any rate, I'm thinking to myself, does this light is this a good way to start? Is this a good foot to get off on?
Assuming that she was great, which no comment, but assuming that she was doesn't this kind of like damage your credibility?
When you come on here and say that the consultant for the station who was certainly hand picking much of the talent that's being hired or at least involved in those decisions.
And also been critiquing their performance on the year. I mean, I know that consultants traditionally have screwed the talent.
They're famous for that, but not so literally I didn't think.
So where's the credibility factor? Now, in other words, if it turns out that she blows, I see I'm having a problem here.
If it turns out that she isn't the greatest thing, you know, on our format. If she has a problem on the year, how do I say this delicately?
Okay. I mean, where's the credibility? Because is the consultant going to say she sucks. There I go again. She just ain't cutting it.
How do I say this without all these quadruple and six-taple, sex-taple on tons that they get very upset about? Do you know what I'm saying?
You heard me.
Okay, I'll try.
But at any rate, you know, I just wonder that if she stinks the joint out of she gets all like always points is the consultant going to say, get her off the air.
She's got a one share. You know, I it's just a, you know what I'm saying?
So all I can say is.
Don't even bother coming back.
So that is on one note. Direct TV, by the way, I know that suds is probably sitting there. He won't be listening right now.
He's sitting there glued to his tube and the set to direct TV adds the new channels they're already on there for this morning.
The animal channel. My favorite part was segment on the frogs that was kind of cute filled in Quebec.
They got Jan and Paul crotch you're on there. If you want to send your money in if you're like a sucker, if you're like real smart like these people that off themselves in San Diego, if you're almost as smart as they are and still barely breathing Jan and Paul crotch will take your money. That's on there.
And then WGN is on there.
How do you like them apples? Just in time for the start of the baseball season.
Hey Neil, fuck you. WGN and the Cubs and some of the white socks and a bunch of other good stuff is on there on the small dish and a few other rather meaningless channels.
So there you go. If you got direct TV, don't buy into your cable company all that propaganda because they're trying desperately to convince you that it's too expensive.
It's not a good idea. It's coming this plot. Believe me. Tell your cable company up your ass and get yourself direct TV.
Also last night before the hockey game, my first ever visit to Bayside. Wow.
Well, there is a very good Italian restaurant by the way where we ate last night and I can't take the name of it and one of the waiters and they're used to work at pizza loft.
And after I finished eating it on the way out, he comes running over.
I used to work at the pizza loft down on Flagler Street before Jeff wise up and moved to a real place. But anyway, good guy.
Good place. Pretty damn good place. We had San Pellegrino water. Let's see. I had penny apostatariata and it was pretty good.
And the waiter was like a real digger. I like that. Not a grito, but a real wild.
I'm not a real digger. I'm not a real digger. I'm not a real digger. I'm not a real digger. I'm not a real digger.
And what can I say about Bayside? It wasn't exactly jam packed for like 536 o'clock in the Friday evening. I understand that later on and evening on a Friday and on Saturday and a weekend, hard rock cafe gets jam packed.
But hard rock cafe anywhere gets jam packed. Right? So what's the big deal with that? I don't know. It's kind of like a flea market.
Have you been in there? And doesn't impress you at least one segment of it as a big on the water flea market. It's a very overpriced state of mind kind of. Yeah.
Yeah. But the people that were like wandering around in there and there weren't that many, but they didn't look like the overpriced crowd. You know what I'm saying?
It didn't look like they were dripping with expensive jewelry and like lots and lots of cash.
And down town Miami. Are you kidding? Oh, that's true. And there also were like several banana boats parked there at the dock. I don't know what the hell had meant, but they all did say banana boat.
And then once said the something about the Miami queen. And I thought they were honoring my presence. But so there was my first and probably last trip to Bayside.
All the way did like that. Rista Rante. That was very good. And somebody probably will call and tell us the name of it. If anybody out there is listening. If anybody is out there who doesn't have to work today, which is almost everybody.
What a much higher the trip into work this morning. And here was Pete Folger here this morning. All the other people all the corporate the front office doors locked.
Everybody is gone, but Peter the tweeter. He's out there working his brains out. He is going. Good guy. Pete Folger. Always liked him. Tell him it wasn't business. It wasn't for how do you how does that go?
Be sure to tell Mike I always liked him. It wasn't personal. It was just business. And then of course they took him out in the back and the number on him. Oh, that was just an accident. But nobody got hurt. That was Tessio.
Here's our first call of a great good Friday. It's all request good Friday. By the way, the lady who called yesterday. I brought you that pin from the game last night. George is already sticking it in the mail. Done. That's right. How do you like that? We're efficient. We're on top of things. Your nice panther pin from that game last night, which I didn't even take it out of the plastic.
I'm not going to grab with that other. Drecking there, whatever they had in there. So it's all your sweetheart. And you didn't have to show up the game last night to get it. What a guy I am. And that's what I always say. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, let's talk about the idiots in California. Yeah, they're no idiots. They're no different than the fundamentalist Christians right? They won't believe in their prophecies. They're totally. You know the thing that I find very amazing is that if you look at the articles here. The first one in the hero on the upper left hand front hand.
Page genuinely very nice and all about their all their computer customers thought they were great and everybody who knew them. They thought they were little standoffish and kind of pale, but they were very nice. Why doesn't it say lunatics, you know, commit mass suicide? They always have to put a picture. I guess because they step it on religion here a little bit. And they don't want to step on anybody's religious beliefs. Follow them. Say because it gets too close to the other. Right. That's right. They're all saying the world's coming to a insanity man. It's mass madness. Humane acts like Howard Beall would say if he could. It was Jesus can't come back.
But he's not going to let this world war three. Yeah. Now you always say like God knows the future and he gets pissed off. But that means he also made everything. That means he wants all this to happen. Of course it's already it's as they say in the it is it's by shirt. It's already written in the stone. It's engraved in platinum. And it's all destined this way, which means God the Judeo Christian God is a sadist. He want he's already designed this. And then they say, well, the devil Lucifer. Well, who the hell invented Lucifer? And if God is omnipotent and could do everything. Why does he just off Lucifer and blow his hand? He didn't have any problem getting rid of everybody else with a flood.
He saved that old slipper Noah and his family. He blew everybody else away. He's been doing this over and over again every time he gets pissed off. He kills everybody including the animals and the mosquitoes. And yet the devil. He has a problem with Lucifer. He just that's right. Now a little children who yeah. Speaking of even the fetuses who haven't even had a chance to come into sin yet. Speaking of no when you when you're on vacation to San Centil, that a great thing on Noah. Yeah. They were talking about like they had to talk to this Christian guy like how could seven people take care of all the animals? Yeah. They go rid of the bathroom. But all these animals go to the bathroom. Where do you dump them?
We had a big shovel and they asked where were the dinosaurs and guy goes, well, the Lord didn't have a plan. Let me ask you. Here's our poll question today. Where would you rather have the shovel concession on Noah's Ark or at Paxen Broadcasting? Have a great day, pal. See you. He said no contest. We have an open line and day six to two. I got you down. Oh my God. Passion clone. She's sleeping with Walter. I mean, why did she say that? Why did she do that? It was like a active suicide. Maybe because suicide is in the news. Maybe she was in
the news. She was inspired by the San Diego cult. And of course, this the suicide note on the net shows that hail. Bops. Comment was approaching this signal of time. This was the end. Okay. Time to do it. Time to put on the. There's still time time to put on those neat outfits. Join up and get on the event. You first and catch the ship. Everybody that wants to go. What? The ship. It's hiding in the comments. Take my ears must be. I would have sworn. That's what Clemens said. We're going to catch the
hell. So don't be left out. Remember that? Get going. Yeah. When they were going to the mattresses, yeah, then we catch the hell. I was telling Mikey when, you know, you'll probably be able to come back four or five years and we catch all the hell. Lombardies, by the way, Lombardies was the name in
base side. Very good place. Real Italian restaurant with a real Italian menu. You can tell it's real Italian because they have primo pate, which is the first course, which is your pasta stuff. And then
secondo, which is like a meat and stuff like that. Like you would aid in a real restaurant. They were trying to read in Italy. If you were Italian, you can eat like that without
gaining 100 pounds, which I can't. How the hell do they do that? How do they eat so many courses? They start out. I mean, not a huge
volaposta and they're drinking wine along with this and the tons of bottled water. And they have like a plate of spaghetti or
lasagna or some kind of pasta. Then they have their main course, either fish or veal or some kind of meat. And then they have
Dolce like gelato or torta or something for dessert. And of course, in salata salad, not necessarily before all of this salad,
somewhere like there in the middle. Like about a six course meal and there are almost no fat people over there except for the
damn pope and he's a polo. Oh, sorry, that's good Friday. Sorry. 1015 at W I O D.
And look, he's crossing our yacht and hiding little chocolate Easter eggs. Little chocolate jelly bean. And little chocolate. Hey wait a second. That's what the
thing and going and going. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. 1019 at W I O D. So they had this mysterious, some Canadians, by the way, among these cultists out there in Rancho Santa
Faye, California. A few of them were cult Canadians, a few of them were Hispanic, George. A few of his few speaks in there too. Probably Mexicans. Yeah. Of course, greasy. And so at any rate, they just decided that this was the time the common
hail Bob popped in and they said, Okay, time to evade their containers, which we call human bodies. They believed in their leaders. They believed in
death and by the bang, they off themselves. And you notice how they did it very methodically in first 15 did it. And then the next to 15 took here like took the
plastic bags off their heads and they cleaned it all up and met left a nice and medicinal. And then they did it and then they had like two left over. And instead of saying, Oh, we
changed our mind like anybody with a brain would do this. Okay, we'll clean them up. Then we'll offer ourselves and they did. So these were very nice
people were led to believe genuinely very nice. Did a great wake or work on their website was a beautiful thing. And the newspapers and all the media are like, Oh, yeah, this was right.
Of course, this is the way the real world operates exactly. Unfortunately, it is here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I worked 40 hours of this my first day off. I have a chance to call you. All right. Happy Friday to you. And back to you. Happy a bad Friday. Yes, happy good one for me. They off. Do you have a number for hydron skin care? Yes, sir.
I don't know about you back it around my forehead. My grandma knows when she. Brack, boom. Yeah, 1 800. The number four as in Quattro, right?
H Y D R O N. Pretty simple. You can I can remember that very easy even a scene. I will fart like me. Remember that and that will fart you. Yes, I do. I'm sure in it. The work good. Yes. All right. No, can I call someone to do?
I haven't felt this good in ages as I feel today. I'm just feeling it. I tried everything. Nothing works. OK. And John will be from Pompelink, a mercury or a driving douchebag. OK, pal, have a good day. Good. Thank you. OK, we have an open line of day 622 W. What was the name of that restaurant again? I wrote it down, but I just a Lombardi's. Thank you so much.
Which you might think might be an Irish restaurant named after Vince, but Vince wasn't Irish any way he was a wop. Something about Lombardi. Didn't that say if is a Lombardi with a Y? Is that Irish and with an eye? It's a Taliano. Well, we'll find out. We'll probably have some drunk at Irish men out there. It's almost 10 30. Open line and day 622 W. I. D. Wanted. Broward 7679 463. I don't want to start that stereotype again about Irish or drunk. They just happen to be drunk. If they want to be drunk. What's wrong with being drunk? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't have any and he wasn't drunk. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
you know great
right i think it's good to get a chance to order your foot long a time
yeah
anyway
yeah well anyway as we continue with the real great z material yes
okay
what is it
i don't care if you're not but i'm okay by the way the uh... ron and ron show
this morning was outstanding what the hell happened to them
no seriously they had a damn good show this morning and paul o was hysterical
what is he been holding back the great a material he was a panic this morning
i'm serious
i think they've been just holding back
because they were fantastic this morning i was just glued to the radio coming
in and then even what inside the building here he was uh... hysterical
and the stuff about uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... with the early bird he was uh...
beautiful thing
paul o i didn't know you had it in your paul o
time to get it out he was great
we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three six two two two
w i d
two on the other timelines one triple eight four seven four in coherent
that was a great call out of our first palm beach call of the day just a
moments ago another in coherent asshole out there in radio land
here's for a lot of the hell hello
me i don't great happy good friday to you sir back at you okay
i don't i heard you talk about direct t v but i don't have to talk about
this network much are you aware of where they are yes i am in the reason i don't
talk about it is because i don't believe in it because uh... they conned a lot of
people are in the beginning and i have no idea what they're given people now
but uh... they don't have anywhere near what direct t v's got at least i don't
think so yet
well it's getting a lot better they're uh... merging with uh... rupert murdoch and
he's got two satellites over europe and uh... we have a tie in stations in
Greek stations in arabic and uh... spictations and but who wants that
i will i got a big dish i really get right i get right who know uh... uh...
probably i already get that in the big dish but who the hell down here wants to
see stations from
italy in spain i mean if you want to see spict t v we got to local spict
channels we don't need them all the love the foreigners we don't want to need a
to greci uh... a spaniards
well anyway time joker would be the big article about it and we're supposed to be
that they often come in the best and all that
and i just wondered we we i'm with this network
all i also gave you the hop along penis
the what you know how to long penis
oh yeah
for your buddies perfect that was good that that part was good
i think he's can't a hop along cast it any
he's a second cousin
which also was kind of david
yeah what do you know that the hellbott comets got something trailing behind it
yeah i wonder what it is
that the
have a great day pal
go pedal some of that crap
okay
we have an open-ended brown and maybe okay may turn out to be great to see
the i doubted but it make turn out to be done by guy needs to make a few bucks
we all need i was telling people to be for
we got to make a living
you know that's what life is all about making a living
that's all
and then you do the best you can you don't have to be perfect nobody is perfect
most of us are you know got our ass hole days and moments
you just go ahead you do the best you can and you survive and you try to be
as the least
uh... anxious in terms of your human behavior as possible that's all
that's all it is required and then before you take the coolator whatever is
the sign i'd and the uh... tapioca pudding i wonder if you'll cause me at
something to do with us
no seriously you're smoking but you notice that they took the uh... where's the uh...
putting an apple sauce
we have a putting an apple sauce and uh... what
sign i'd
no barbitcher it
barbitcher it's and then they had a white element barbitcher it's yes
that's not like amphetamines is it the opposite i know
and then they took a vodka that's why i said it was something yeah and watched it
all that's not like amphetamines is it no
that like speed
no it's like slow
as opposed to quick death like
fan of fan oh sorry
so anyway uh... they took uh... putting or apple sauce it doesn't say whether
was jello pudding or not
or there was approved by bill cause me
and mixed it with phenol barbitaal they drank it down with alcohol laid back
and relaxed
i guess you would kind of relax as in when a dot pass it out
and then of course just to make sure they put the plastic barbitch bag around
their head with a little tie down to make sure that uh... just in case that didn't
work
how about a bullet through the head i think would have worked a lot faster
maybe a little bit too messy too messy
and i don't know if that but then when they're going away to uh... serious
that probably would have interfered with their transition transmission by the
way speaking of transmission is uh... our buddy coming today for that awful
grotesque car
i don't want to say lumina
haven't heard but
as far as i know oh man i don't want to you know saying anything bad about the
lumina because the price was right but boy is that a car is that a car that's a
question
it's ten twenty seven a w i o d i would
six ten w i o d
i know that the board even loves neo-roder
it's time for another more music television history minute with your m m d d
hoes jaren so like this friday is good friday and i did some research on why they
call it that and it turns out it was actually like a really crummy day
well for jesus anyway i mean how would you like it if you woke up one morning and
you feel it kind of bloated because you ate this really big supper the night
before and all you want to do is like kick back and maybe watch a few videos
and then some roman gladiators burst into your room and arrest you and you're like hey gladiators
what gives and they're like wow we need you to carry this big wooden cross of a hill
so you carry the cross of the hill and then you go so like do you need me for anything else
because i'm feeling kind of bloated and they go well yeah now we have to nail you to the cross
and you're like all right then like why did i carry it up here because if i know
you were gonna nail me to it i never would have done it so then they nail you to the cross
and it's like really embarrassing because you're almost totally naked except for this weird baggy
loincloth that everyone can look up and see your business and you know they're looking
and then like you die and that's what they call good friday and i'm like i don't think so i mean
personally i've had like way better days okay this has been an mmdv history minute history is so
cool and it's like they keep making more of it all the time mmdv or history rocks
i'm a hell of you okay 1032 a w i o d happy friday why do i
unhappy good friday i don't know one of those very ambiguous holidays like yom kippur you don't
say happy yom kippur it's the day of a tumour when everybody's supposed to be sad and eat a lot of
jello putting it look at pictures of bill cars be naked i mean you'd be sad too looking at that
so it's good friday the day that he was put on the feelin little cross etc and so on i thought
he said he was going to rise in three days is in sunday are you starting to make trouble again
are you making trouble he's sp it he's spoken tongues
something about tongues how's Todd tongue in doing by the way so i
his picture his pictures at the pizza lot Todd tongue in and don sure was at the game last night
and i do believe that's the first time the issue master has ever been in a panther game
and we lost i could be wrong but i think haven't been at the overwhelming majority of them these
last almost four years now i think that's the first time the shoes man has ever been there and we
just stuck the joint out sorry don the don is pissed here south maimmy hello
morning yes sir when is deus listen to q a m the other day at brad i had capelin he had a tom jico on
yes they were talking about you in your show yeah talking about how it was better when the bird was on
oh yeah and they were talking about that old old geezer lester green shirt
is he dead is he dead see i wish i wish that tom and all his cronies would understand nobody
cares about the track okay nobody cares and uh ed with ed what did you know what i just said
no i don't know what he tom jico's whole life has degenerated to a thing about tom and his
racetrack buddies and if you're not one of his racetrack buddies which i'm not then all of a
sudden you used to be great when you were but now you're an asshole something like that
well ed was saying that there's a good possibility that you're going to join them there on q a m
did he say that yep how does he know that is he got crystal balls i guess he's buddy buddy with
mr uh great greed yeah and uh can you play the glint hill disease a bit no problem thanks for
okay see you tom tom jico do it a voice they're all fishing around they're all fishing around and
i personally love it you know what i'm saying hi not really sure so ed capelin is spreading rumors
in tom jico's spreading rumors i'll tell you something man there's nothing like good rumors rumors rumors
uh
Peter bulger was a normal man with a new bride a lovely home and a cushy low profile job
normal that is until just three weeks ago
Peter is that you of course how is the traffic
hi Peter bulger is suffering from glen hill disease
our conscience has been revoked Peter are you okay Peter fine everything's fine
just great glen hill disease is a nervous disorder similar to Neil Rogers disease but even more
debilitating piti weedy it's Friday night you know what that means call me mr curious
oh god are you a man or a bird don't let this pathetic creature become a bird brain send your
contribution today and help us find a cure oh don't do that oh why not we need the egg
yeah George is all for bringing the bird back 1036 and wildd all right that's our poll question
today would you rather have the bird back or the new news guy you already answered it the other day
not even a contest i'd rather go on the spaceship yeah he says he'd rather each yellow putting with
bill cosby with bill cosby's private parts inside that's what he'd rather do than ever hear that news
guy again William Jennings Robert Schwartz Billy Bob the third that guy is a piece and a lot of
you people out there love him which goes to show you here's a mobile and fort lauderdale hello
good morning Neil yes sir hey you know what the cult model was there's always room for jello
that's right listen i vote for the new guy i like him like his personality okay and listen i want
to recommend you got to give you credit that you can say that with a straight push man you
all the credit in the world for that i want to recommend and you've been working
many a book for for a world of gods there's another one out there you can get in your local
book for a history of god by Karen Armstrong yes excellent book Karen Armstrong yes Karen Armstrong
she was uh twenty years in the as a nerd as a uh a nun and get a lot of research a lot of facts a lot
of realistic things and people can actually look into and uh boggle their reasoning and it's called
what history of god okay Karen Armstrong hey love your man have a good one and back to you god bless you
okay open line of day it's 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 it's the god bull crap oh yes they all believe in the
dancing naked that night i might go with you who now wants to see him from the neck down he was
pretty good back in the days when murf griffin used to have money at show all the time over and over
again what about that was all about how's murf griffin doing down there in the uh Bahamas
probably making millions of there is a guy you got to you know whether you like him or not and
quite frankly he's pretty boring uh but whether you like her or not i mean him uh it or not
murf griffin has made a tron a tremendous amount of money with no talent i'm not talking about with
minimal talent and yes he did uh he was the brains behind wheel of fortune and jeopardy and a bunch
of other shows which for some reason have made billions of dollars billions not millions probably
billions remember when wheel of fortune was on with Chuck swillery and they used to go shopping and
they always had those uh those ceramic Dalmatians on there oh man was that show a joe even the
japs never saw a bomb like that speaking of japs by the way i wonder how our good personal friend
is uh doing today you know what's what i'm talking about don't even bother coming back we have an
open line at day at six two two nine four six three six two two two two two two two two on the out
of townlines which is the audio net lines the worldwide wicked web lines the Palm Beach lines
at one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one eight eight eight eight four seven four
w i o d let's hear about base side let's hear about uh uh Aaron Kay our new night time hostras
from nine to midnight it was her debut last night we don't want to be two judge mental after just
one evening on the air but i'll make an exception in this case why did she do that did anybody hear
it did anybody hear it go up up up up about the fact that she's sleeping with a consultant and i
just uh by name no less which more power to them i mean who the hell cares but it just it raises
this gigantic question in your mind of objectivity when you're sleeping with somebody who's making
programming decisions and maybe you're sticking the joint out or not doing what you ought to be doing
are they going to say hey by the way you're sure we need stuck tonight you ought to be doing
something different than that crap you did on the air to you know what i'm saying you don't
here's a Jupiter oh let's go there hello good morning yes sir how are you today sir great we're on
our way to Jupiter right now in a spaceship hey go by headmore shovel eight a couple of minutes
ago in uh north lake boulevard yes sir twenty four pound of two truck loads of brand new red white and
black corvette wow this is ed morse this is ed morse and this is ed morse and gorgeous let me say
again this is ed morse and palm beach though right yeah on north lake boulevard north palm beach right
i mean to tell you that is a beautiful car and i would have to assume that all these cars that are
being brought in now have been you know whatever the problem was in the ass end right i would hope
they're fixed right man i'm gonna tell you now that is a gorgeous car it is a gorgeous guy we got
mine back yesterday as a matter of fact and i'm just licking it and loving it and laughing it and
uh just i think i'm gonna sleep in it even if it rides like a Cadillac right man i'm starting to get
used to that there's nothing wrong with the ride of a Cadillac all right i love you man hey can you do
me one uh anything you want palettes i'll request good Friday okay how about the Donald Duck goodness
okay okay do you take care and enjoy that man god bless you i see you what does that call jurors that's
the uh the duck Donald duck but is it in there yes oh it is yes oh my god oh my god if you so
uh oh slow it
Donald Duck plays marbles 1041 at wiod noble prices that's what they say by the way before we get
into our friends at university dodge what are we eating today it's good Friday this is the
ultimate test on good Friday when so many people aren't working when so many places are closed
there is mail today right is there mail today the banks are open i know that i saw my close friend
Matt this morning nice to see him at but um he was naked in there too it was amazing that's why
i'm in such a good mood uh is the mail doing today are they doing the mail i think only the stock
oh thank god the markets closed today after yesterday if we went down another six thousand points i'd
be a little depressed uh markets closed today and a lot of people are out of work and of course
this joint is closed like a vault like a tomb but i would think restaurants are wide everybody's
doing their thing today just a few assholes out there got today off like the people around here
because everybody on uh you i'm kipper is Jewish and everybody on good Friday is a very very far
bus in a goi two open lines on the green lines palm beach etc a one triple eight four seven four
nine four six three what we be in today huh i don't want that wings and curl stuff because it's
very very good but it's just uh bad well at lanyard city subs did call yesterday oh well they come
today yeah and bring me a nice platter of like meat and the cheeses and stuff like that as in
holy cheeses well a ten forty two at w i d's a sixteen w i o d admission is the first step w i d oh i hate that station
said i was two of these oh in some fence and for a week now she's got me hooked on these i got
them from linda energy my goal is up down my head some weight program give me a break how many
drugs do i have to pay roll and hair is calling out and it's been hard to pee since i saw linda
energy you know that my heart's been going wild it's like i want to die
kill that kill and constipation not to mention i have protection
stays out peddling drugs all day that drops on weight but who in your brain
doctor has been says it's okay a position is it's name my whole system now my
extending all around and around has been slept for three days now
you know i wish i would have thought of it yesterday during that brilliant
tempered performance by a position when he called in and i had to keep putting my whole
because he was going blah blah blah blah blah and wouldn't take a breath but it's very interesting
remember the first time when they came in here when they kind of invited themselves to come in
it's kind of a tag team linda and her husband a physician who kind of stood behind her
and they were in here sucking around do you remember that and what i call her mother
and what a big fan the mother is and how great i am a great it is to meet me and blah blah blah
she even put up with the gold over to denies for lunch to come in here and have the honor of meeting
me because i'm so great and now that the warmest turn and she got can which none of us have
got anything to do with because she was on a way out anyway we understand but now that she got
canned now all of a sudden yesterday's on here well paxson ought to take you off the air and yeah
exactly so one day i was great and because i don't like fan fan and because i also don't like
psychotic bitches calling up on rick and suds calling me admiral up hurry in the rear or whatever
it was uh that i'm a bad guy now and paxson should give me off the air because i'm violent
disgusting and grotesque and mentioned insult women and insult women of course who weren't
insulting women how about him and see a woman oh here's a pompano hello Neil yes sir happy oh it's
so good Friday okay mr. ood hey listen i don't know if you've already talked about it as you
notice at all those uh cold members all had Nike's swishes on yes i did wow i think it's some kind
of conspiracy yeah hey listen uh maybe when they wind up on serious they're gonna be Nike's books maybe
they got there maybe they have their future paid for already never thought about that did you
yeah i don't know everywhere you go in the every part of the universe they've got their testicles
and tentacles reached out there and if you get to serious uh Nike is swishing it up there
yeah they probably have some basketball net i would be surprised if Calvin Klein running spots up
there too yeah hey listen the other day when uh what's the guy's name from the heat day valverstein
is that david halberstein yes valverstein oh and by the way michael meos got another big column
in the uh sunsettelist morning not a mention again another opportunity today to say something
about his interpret behavior to live up to the promise that he made on the air here and he didn't do
it didn't do it not a mention of how he wishes he wouldn't have written that last line and david
shouldn't be fired not a mention nice going michael but anyway hey well listen when they came down
with that fine on channel seven they played mentioned in not once but twice but uh ricky tiki wasn't
on that night so i guess it's just a channel seven thing lonely fifty dollars yeah but in honor of
ricky since uh we were so pissed off at him the other day and always uh can you play like uh rick
santa s things or maybe uh drunken rick santa has driving or whatever that is i think you need to play
all of them maybe all of the above i was just thinking that i maybe all of the above might be good
all right okay have a great day pal bottoms up we have an open line of date by the way speaking of
Calvin Klein page three of the herald today which i usually don't read the through a herald there is an ad
almost naked young people with something for everybody there is a very fine looking young lady
all over us huh what is it outrageous yeah and there's a much prettier young man
now he's not that good really from the neck down he's pretty good with the calvin Klein stuff on
underwear that's right they're there in underwear they got their underwear is on and i bet you the
president's gonna have something to say about that pretty soon if he ever gets about of that chair
he's pithed off it was outrageous is right calvin Klein you got some nerve exploiting these young
people under the ages of forty five i think you should have to show i did a model for those ads
cuz god only knows what kind of perverts might be looking at him like me you've seen him on
channel seven news first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than
tummy-fake baker and merry-kate combine rick sanchez sings
hear the dulcet tones of the man who brought you crime check rick sanchez
like a garage
rick sanchez
rick sanchez sings
give me a hug with a plush
don't miss rick sanchez in his pasty face tour over hi lia it's one show you all want to miss
take for a good one
rick sanchez he loves his audience i've stuck you as a precious gift from god now when he was
singing your one and a million was he singing that to his bride or that guy in the car the guy
that he hit with the car the one that died here's a four-letter deal hello
four-letter deal gone oh man what a bad piece of news are you there yes sir how are you okay
first i'm caller you want to congratulate you on your uh
21 years i believe it is or 20 years 20 uh 500 yeah 21 21 i don't know how you do it
i really don't this comatose town i really know how you do it it's unbelievable
and those fans last night if they call themselves fans unbelievable meaning what they're leaving the stadium
i left excuse me i left after the second period i couldn't believe it why not well they actually came
out i want to refugged out and get out of here i got hold of the third period they stuck they were
pathetic they were but they did come back and i don't know how but they did they didn't come back
what what came were you watching in the last two minutes they got two meaningless goals
like i said before the final score could have been 600 nothing for the same difference okay don't
try to tell me because it was three to two that the score is indicative of anything it was a
terrible game they played it was horrendous it absolutely was and auto was got a pretty nice young
team there they played okay but man we were just grotesque grotesque it wasn't it was it it was
how do you like that nice assistant any god on the first out of a goal by the way i'm telling you
i passed Eddie time chorsky thanks you Eddie Eddie Eddie oh he's killing us man he's killing us and then
of course the coach keeps putting them out there in a power play what is he going to get the
message what are you going to get it Dougie he stinks i'm telling you could couldn't believe it
this couldn't believe the game yeah but i did stay for the end i was lost again i suffered through
it but i did stay well i didn't and i make no apologies for it and i saw the rest of it on tv and i
was very i was delighted that i had left no traffic the tour the ride home was a pleasure and it was a
real fly opener listen to air in k on her debut show last night yeah i heard her on the way home to
and it was uh i heard topics where they didn't interest me yeah it's uh it's like ron or ron or
maybe ron sometimes there's things or something's funny about them sometimes it's not maybe there
can be consultable like it or some hot topics yeah it depends on how you know it just depends on
the topic whatever it is it's i don't like it i'm going to go to fm but very seldom okay enjoy
listen to you every day uh i turn all my friends on to you and that's basically it i enjoy
enjoy listen to you thanks a lot pal are you have a great every life okay all right bye bye and i still
load a don't apologize for leaving early so is it landic city subs coming with a great lunch for
us today jorge he asked and jorge is saw a huck in the china we have an open line at broward 7679 463 767
wild and a piranos out of townlines wild hey i wanted to talk with nil about the uh told people yes
the thing that i thought was the funniest about it was uh the the guide it was the ring leader
i heard this uh today the guide it was the ring leader to collect it all the money yeah uh he
he did himself off too yes that's not the way it's supposed to work of course not what a dummy he was he
supposed to take a take all the money cash to check and leave town yeah what a douche bag what an ass
hole yeah amen okay we have uh look at that phone thinning out right now really looking pretty weak
uh we were smoking here this first hour we were smoking daneman lights and thank you erickin
orlando by the way for the package he includes uh in the package five danemons and silver
wrappers which are not the uh in the black wrappers that are real real strong that are gut
renters these are much milder at ceteran so on and thanks for the enclosure as well erick
erickin orlando we uh love you and etc open line and date 622 wiod a piranbroward
on good friday no less than we got two open lines and broward everybody's off work today
we were separated nobody moved us to our new home we were not elated
they stuck us in a building and less us all alone a satellite revolving connected by the phone
as far as they're concerned we're just a life of quote oh no oh no oh no
do any twenty twenty four weeks ago we got consolidated
down sides of death and trimmed to the boat all right the slick we did they forgot about
Phil Hendry and let the sexist go didn't get the toppings frondia didn't show and what a
sample camper jim and the jendipho oh no oh no oh oh are you sure
you went in twenty twenty four weeks ago we were incorporated
emailing red tape out of control a powerhouse castrated a ship without a rudder
floating out the sea no one in control creating anarchy a red headed stepchild in the pack and family
oh no oh no oh no oh
boy
two twenty twenty twenty four weeks ago we were incarcerated
punching a time clock before we go home suicide was contemplated
they bought a famous station with national acclaim and shoot away the talent they ought to be ashamed
and now they'll close the doors and you know who to blame oh no oh no oh no
oh
we've been my vaccinated
oh
oh
we've been my vaccinated
oh
roars
oh
we've been my vaccinated
yeah
yeah
what do you think about this what do you think about love and oh four w.i.d happy good friday to
you a lot of people got the day off today and they're very very grateful for this day for whatever
was see if you're grateful for this day then what does that mean because then it's like being
sadistic that somebody got nailed up on a cross of course if he wouldn't got up nailed on a cross
there wouldn't be no goyam anyway so what's what's what's what can it hurt here's a mobile in Miami
hello
Neil yes sir how you doing today great uh Neil um
yesterday uh we were there you know i was i'm fortunate enough to have good seats uh right in front of
you by the way and uh i like to know do they encourage fighting because i was talking to my
partner and i said away you know uh talk about paul house right and all of a sudden we were talking
about he starts fighting is that encouraged at the hockey game is it encouraged by home
by the coach uh to be an enforcer because he might get center fight once again yeah you know i'm
gonna tell you something i met paul on saturday uh in between periods of the game buffalo game
and he had a shake hands with his left hand because his right hand was so mangled and i thought to myself
this guy's gonna be out for a long time and i'm watching the fight last night and he's sitting
the guy with his right hand did you notice that yeah and i'm thinking how the hell is he doing this
what is going on here was like two minutes into the game and he's pounding the crap out of this guy
right right right out in that way with Lambert i'm gonna war right exactly right but no but
do they have it does each team have an enforcer well usually usually like a tied dummy or a tony twist
or a mike peluso or some a goon you know paul house is not a goon but he's uh he likes to fight
yeah okay now he likes it in the box you can't get too much trouble out there when you're cool
in your heels into box exactly can you do the eight men song for me the what the eight man
eight man yeah okay see if how by the way i got an eight man we have an open line in the
brower at seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven w i o d i wonder where Troy has a
bratcom egg what we haven't played this in a cool stage you know what
did he say age when this quarterback it's lonely
she likes receivers that are wise bratcom
some people say that number eight is gay boy they say Troy loves the big brown eye
a man he goes down on his knees a man
it's guys he likes to please a man he loves to snap cowboys on their behind
he's got a spotless reputation America's team is world renowned
but is Troy gay i've heard some people say i have no life in the heart will he goes down
eight man he goes down on his knees a man i can't some balls to squeeze a man
don't clip him cause he likes it from bratcom
love about seven w i d by the way to see that big thing in the local section in the
newspaper today one of the two papers where it said kind of interesting i
thought here's a cutlerage hello hey Neil yes sir i was watching the game of
channel four seven last night yes why did i turn down and apparently the auto
what senators it took a stick back from the seven year old girl do you know
what the story is behind that they took a stick back from a seven year old girl all i
know is that murphy threw his stick up at the end of the game and hit a girl in
the head with it oh that would have been i don't know oh okay no there was another that's right
i read about that there was another thing to in the game where uh somebody wanted to stick back
well one moment please let's see it says it says uh oh damn was in the herald i'll find it i'll
find it that that's low what was low that was low taking a stick back but he wanted a stick back
would be guy cry about it yes he did figures hey hello good murphy wasn't that pretty crappy
true getting pissed off and throwing the stick up in a crowd and bounces around and hit that
11 year old girl in the head she had to go to the hospital and a big bump out her thing i missed
that one yeah so he bad aim gordie oh hey where's that new um wolfie that in conjunction to the
saw saw grass saw grass say when you saw grass no it's here in hollywood oh hollywood right off
95 it's a mile west of 95 uh you take the shirt in the street exit go west young man it's right
there it's right by our studios here oh okay we could we could throw a rock from here to there
okay well if we hear about let me know okay about that's it i'll check it out it's in it's in this
thing see ya yeah it's in the uh i'll find it i'll find it here where's my herald i mean we actually
had a herald out there by the front door this morning and the reason i got there old is because
there was nobody here so i said all right there's nobody here and they won't hide our herald and
here's the herald damn it they're probably pissed off that we actually got our own herald where is
the sports section here it is with this real real ugly uh gym courier uh with this tennis thing
in the lip that we don't care about tennis oh man is that boring stop with the tennis oh what what
is this i didn't even see this Barry Jackson writes oh man thank you so much sir well let me get to
his question first frustration for panthers let's see one of murphy sticks um and i think when
you continue the article in the inside is where it talks about one of the uh oh yeah van allen
which they just got they just picked him up out of one and anyway it had asked for his his
stick back as he headed for the penalty box he headed for the penalty box and uh one of the fans got
a hold of his stick i wonder if they gave him another one well who knows so what kind of rumors is
Barry Jackson writing here this morning in the uh sports out of here what's very writing this
morning is he got off the couch or is he just a big fat potato this morning uh
well what a what a pilot turned he is the w q a m's the c j silas resigned thursday she was unhappy
about being replaced by jim mandage on w q a m's evening talk show like she's in a league with
jim mandage that bitch i mean if she out of her mind or what all this stuff about great women on
a radio i mean uh brook is fine you know brook is very nice a little on the jappy side but very
nice could lose a couple of pounds but this business is obsession with having women on the air
people for the most part don't want to hear women talk show host and especially talking about sports
and how and what where did the de come from is that like kneel god did they put the de from god
in rogers can't even spell my name berry come on with w i would ease new rogers having turned down
w q a m's offered a host ten a m to book shambi will be traveling with the marlins neither host will be
in south florida at times okay well i'm glad i'm sure glad we got that all straightened out
berry berry jackson you want the straight dope you'll get it from berry man he's got a whole supply
there for it here's west kendal hello good morning nail when is this or your third great and listen you
know about three months ago my wife's hair started falling out in clump really we couldn't figure it
out too yeah she had a you'll bring her thing going and we we looked around we decided that i
said i wonder if it could be that damn fennfin this is before any you know want more than four way
yeah and it was the fennfin her hair fell out i mean it was amazing huh fell right out in clumps
yeah i saw her add him a new times and here to me your wife had an ad another bimbo another blonde
bimbo yeah who knows nothing about dieting and less about these drugs and his non-the drugs and
never had a weight problem and admits that and has no training in it but nevertheless uh what
thinks that all those fat slabs the rather look like her you know i heard the interview i don't
want to look like her i heard the interview you did with her husband yes and it reminded me of these
people that try to take on mike wallis wasn't it it wasn't an interview was this psychotic phone call
it wasn't an interview well yeah exactly right but i mean you had i mean this guy was just back
peddling and back peddling and had nothing come now are you talking about the first call he made
or the one yesterday i know the first call okay now the first one you'll notice how he said he
would love to be my physician and get me slim and he was suck and a wait a minute he was sucking
around heavy duty now that his wife got canned number one and number two i'm on here talking about
what i think about fendfin which i hated right i'm reading a lot of articles that say a likewise
that it's bad now all of a sudden i'm a bad guy and packs not a fire my ass and i shouldn't be on
the ear and i'm disgusted i mean you know you can't have it both ways mr. hey right well the
position that uh when you got done with them i felt sorry for the guy i mean the guy just came out i
mean he had nothing every time you ask him a question the guy was tap dancing like uh
sammy david's junior yeah i mean the guy was all over the state only sammy ain't dancing too well anymore
right that's what these people yeah that's what the fendfin thing is all about bad stuff don't take it
and not only that but this business about you gonna have to take it out and off for the rest of your
life i'm sorry the idea of losing the weight for most of us is to get rid of the pills get rid
of the high blood pressure medicine get rid of the diabetes medication get rid of the pills any
doctor who's i mean that's what it's at absolutely right get an actin's book people and wise up
okay see ya we have an open line in date six two two nine four six three but i gained my weight
back on the edge and so i couldn't have any credibility big stinking deal how many people out there
are fat never gained and lost and lost and gained how many i don't know anybody i've never met one
but i gained it back so therefore that must prove that it's a bad diet and then he goes on to say that
uh most people on any diet gain their weight back anyway and when it comes back i just go on
the pills again great hallelujah so my pulse can like my heart can like beat out of my chest like
bap bap bap bap bap bap like that i mean i don't know how everybody else reacts to uh some of those
drugs but man your heart you can hear your heart going bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
it's like i want to hop right out of your uh chest and you're a heart too
eleven fourteen at w i would be in a great good friday man if you're feeling a little bit
cross just stick with us uh god so we got a good lunch coming huh is that what you said from our
friends at lantic city subs why do i why can i never remember their name you just did oh i know
i did i did just now but i'm just saying word narrowly i have a very hard
atlantic city subs that's not very common maybe it's because i have a mental block on
lantic city because i hate atlantic city i mean i despise atlantic city it blows
six ten w i o t
it's the jennie McCarthy show starring jennie McCarthy on mv tv
hi look at my boobs you know when mtv first approached me about hosting my own sketch comedy show
i said look at my boobs no seriously look at my boobs look at my boobs
look at my boobs i'm not joking this isn't funny anymore come on please look at my boobs
okay you want comedy how about one of my extreme funny faces yeah
yeah
that's the jennie McCarthy show on mv tv
tune in and see some boobs
11 19 and w i o d so i would say the worst that i've ever been on and i've been on a lot of bad
diets and i've also a plug bad diets on here too which i guess i should apologize for but hey uh
you know it's money we need to make a living um like ultra slim fast that was a sponsor for a while
and i was drinking those cans and my blood sugar was still sky high and like i've said before
because it's loaded with sugar it's loaded with carbohydrates and i'd be drinking the whole butt
load of those every day and i still wasn't losing any weight and i couldn't figure it out i'm
hopping on a scale i'm still fat as a cow but i would say the worst of all and i must confess my
sins on this although you know they you get brainwashed with these things because fat people are
desperate people and the desperate people are the dead people and at any rate neutral system that
to me putrid system to me was just outrageous because they would come and or you would go to their
joint and pick out a whole bunch of these silly little portions of uh makefully food all made
from all kinds of synthetic and artificial loaded with carbohydrates and chemicals too of course
and they would give you a week's supply which i would eat in like about two hours
no because they're all like they're all refined carbohydrates mostly like little pasta things
that you make in a microwave and you eat one of them and all of a sudden it stimulates your appetite
and your ravenous and you discover that you're eating like a whole bunch of this stuff
and even if you are losing weight on it you're like getting nauseous from eating crap
and then when you finish eating all that crap all this artificial box pre-packaged
dreck what do you do then and you weren't even paying for that stuff for you no it's very expensive
oh i know that oh no they were bringing me a whole crap load full like i said when
you were supposed to be eating one and the portions even a perikete candy to portion like that
i mean is that realistic is that a sensible way to lose weight
not to mention of course all those people i don't want to suggest you know that there's a
correlation i did have my gallbladder out by the way i just thought i mentioned that in passing
remember that deal lots of people reven problem with gallstones which may have just been a
coincidence i'm not making no accusations here but i sure had to remember those great days
in the hospital in Mount Sinai four days i do believe or whatever it was i thought it was going to die
i thought it was all over i thought i was going to serious i kept saying get cereal
because this uh oh man and fat reed said ah it's a piece of cake they'll just uh reach in there
and yank it out i said how about the gallbladder so well that's another story
oh brother was that a bad bad time in Mount Sinai i thought i was i thought i'd had it i could
barely breathe i could barely here's a plantation hello good morning yes sir i'm color okay i'd like to
call four people douchebag okay well let's uh give them the give us the numbers and we'll call them
one at a time we have an open line in brown word seven six seven nine four six three so i mean if
you want to call somebody a douchebag go to their house don't even do it on the phone go to
their house not kind of door it say hey Joe you're a freaking douchebag we'll scrape your ass up
off the sidewalk don't worry about it show some balls for once in your life and stop trying to use
me as a conduit for the fact you don't have any man oh man i have no life exactly here's Miami on a
mobile hello good morning me oh when is to you i don't want to talk about how bad the
pants is for fast my one on matina see i'd like to be nice you know shameless to craft an honor
of good Friday how about Vatican rag Vatican rag i'd be happy to wipe it up for you all right thank you
and have a and have a real happy and god bless you thank you okay we have an open line on the
immobile on purple line pound iod we have one in date six two two nine four six three
you get down on your knees fit all with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and
change your flex change your flex and your glory
to whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say is on
kiri a la is on doing the vending and rite
get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
religion i'll tell you if your sins are original if it is try playing it safer drink the wine and
chew the wafer to four six eight times the transvestitio get down upon your knees fit all with your
rosaries bow your head with great respect and change your flex change your flex change
take a cross on your abdomen when in Rome do like a Roman our ve Maria she's good to see you
and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and
11.24 wyd our topic today farting in church on good friday here's west pondby chill out that's
why they call him puse right now exactly hey uh did you see a sports illustrate story about the
fighting in the till no i did not is that the new one yeah because i just got it in the mail yesterday
but i haven't opened it yet in the magazine either i forget the guy's name of the capitals but uh
he left the sport because that and uh he just claimed that uh it's a big insult if a coach
ever told the guy to go out they knew what their job was to be a goon well to go and even even
something up even a score yeah but uh if he said there's a quiz because the coach tapped
my soul said go get that guy so right supposedly that just doesn't happen where the coach you know
have to say something to the guy so that's you know the guy asked earlier about uh fighting if they
wanted it they may want it but uh i'll be honest with you it gets very ponderous to me and you
know once in a while i like for example that colorado detroit game two nights ago now that was because
you knew they had extra security there and this was to get even game for what happened in a playoff
last year and you knew it was going to be a bloodbath and then when when uh the two goalies when
mike vernan and patrick frog got into it and that was just amazing and then when duren mccarty was
beaten the crap out of cloud labia who deserved it and then some i mean that was that was exciting
but most of these so-called fights is a lot of tugging and grabbing and guys swinging at air and uh
it gets old it gets really old and these people like it all excited they're getting up and screaming
it uh you know it's it's the rubber necker mentality again you know people want to see a car wreck
exactly it's yeah it does give us some of the black eye to people who you know would uh otherwise
maybe go see if you got knowledgeable fans they know that that's not what the game is all about they
know that they are the really good for example you got a guy in buffalo like Matthew Barnaby who's a
very tough guy in fights but he also sucks guys into a lot of stupid penalties because he gets
them pissed off they think he's gonna fight and then he just you know he just stands there and sucks
guys into a lot of penalties but he's a tough guy incapable of fighting but he's also a great skater
and a great playmaker and a tremendous score he's a real player as opposed to these goons like
Tony twist who can't play their way out of a paper bag and all they can do is go out there and
beat the crap out of somebody now Neil who are these guys i didn't go to the game last night but who
of these guys that are every call that we get called on they chant the ref i mean that sounds
horrible you know something y'all i'm so glad that you mentioned that there's it's in 124 it's
right next to where we used to sit in 125 and there's the one guy up there i'm afraid it's that rat
guy which i thought he was a pretty good guy and he's the cheerleader he's got all these guys hey
ref you suck and they do it even after the referee made an obvious call and it gets it makes us
seem like such a bunch of cry babies and no nothings i mean i hate to break the news to you panther
fans but yes our guys do commit infractions and do deserve penalties at times and sometimes you
get the most obvious penalty in the world hey ref you suck and i'm thinking oh come on it's embarrassing
already that i mean i love the sound of our build-in tv we've got a really loud building right right
when they do that it's just that you know 124 need some help they need some help over there get a
life stop being a bunch of lemons over there get a life but then he had a little funny last night
after they got them they get it to a pretty loud one when after we have family one time and then he said
god i remember here and that i feel really really fucky i might have to play that have a great day
pal one quick thing yes sir i was sick at the on i'm supposed to go to the Buffalo game couldn't make
out sick i was watching tv i was like delirious because i was so sick but oh j was on a show called
the heat of the night yeah and he was telling kids how he should avoid violence on that and at the
end of the move at the end of the show you know it's been a couple years four or five years of
he gets his next one with a serious knife really no kid all right but uh hey Neil i've never heard
young Neil okay well let's not spoil it every weekend i'm a cowboy dick okay bye see ya all men
1127 a w i o d who needs bull six ten w i o d my amies first work fair experiment
oh oh oh oh oh uh oh oh uh oh oh yo man what's up with the locomotive uh hey what're you
dick oh cover there's nothing like a little cowboy dick ice cream i want something i've got a
crave in yeah we'll have out some cowboy dick
all the cowgirls love my cowboy dick i should know because i'm cowboy dick I like my cowboy
with some nuts.
No problem, partner.
Introducing Cowboy Dick.
With not so big, you can hardly wrap your lips around.
My young and loved Cowboy Dick.
May him fill your posse with my Cowboy Dick.
Oh, Cowboy Dick.
Here, try it.
How is it?
I can't talk.
My mouth is full of Cowboy Dick.
She's smiling.
She's smiling.
Fill your mouth with my Cowboy Dick.
A ballaboo in your grossest freezer.
Once you've had your first Cowboy Dick,
you won't ever go back when you're filled with Cowboy Dick.
You'll scream.
Woo!
Woo!
Sounds like Doug McCloud out there in Phoenix with the coyotes.
Leaves and coyotes are one-one tire last night,
by the way, pretty coma-inducing.
1132 at WYOD.
So thanks again to Gene and Jack Libo and all my friends
down there at Tropical Chevrolet.
How do you say thank you to people who treat you so well
that it's almost embarrassing?
Just brought me back my new purple 96-core,
but not new, but the O'Hell might as well be new.
It's pretty damn nice thing.
And fixed the window on there so it can do the old up and down.
And took away my Luma-na dammit.
Oh, gee, I'm gonna miss that thing.
God.
I told Gene I said it is with great and deep sorrow and regret
that I turned back to you the keys to that beautiful 1997
Chevy Luma-na.
What a piece of stuff that is.
So now we got the Corvette quarterly.
That's got the whole story which I've already...
Oh, look at that.
Look who's here.
Oh, this ought to be a really terrible reunion.
I better not say who it is on the air.
Can I say it's a net on the air or not?
Better not.
Are you over the other building already or what?
Or would just come by to see us?
I'm good Friday.
Well, isn't it a pleasure, a breath of fresh air to see you?
A net from the coast and hot 105 is here,
sitting in Georgia's lap as I speak,
getting in her licks.
Here's the West Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, about that play last night.
Sean Van Allen, he hooked or he slashed somebody
and he popped a stick.
Right.
So my cuff, I guess, realizing the Panthers were going to go in a power play
did a very smart thing, picked up the guy's stick
and threw it into the stands.
And he wanted it back.
The whole bit wanted us to go in a power play.
Yeah.
The way that looked last night.
I'm glad my 10-year-old son already understood what a power play
went with it.
Very difficult for him to explain to him the Panthers
on the power play last night.
Right.
Exactly.
I don't think Eddie understood it.
Oh, it was off.
And I sit over 126 and I'm glad you're talking about these 124-80s.
That manatee that sits in the back or up there.
Yeah, asshole.
And the loser stuff.
I just want to throw some out of it.
But I'm afraid I'll lose it.
And all those people in there, see,
it's like the people in my section.
If one guy starts throwing peanut shells,
then like about 10 of them, like a bunch of children,
all these people are lemons.
They don't have an original thought in their brain.
And it's the same over there.
You'll notice every time they yell out anything,
loser, you got 100 people in that section yell and loser.
If they start with this crap about, hey, ref, you suck.
It's like a high school bunch of crap.
It's bush league.
It's bush league.
We had ESPN 2 Saturday night for that game.
I want to just go and wear a bag or something.
We had CBC here, Hockey Night in Canada on the last Saturday
for the Aliefsky, and we could go Saturday.
And they were out there, hey, ref, you suck.
And I'm thinking, oh, brother,
this is really going to impress these guys.
All right.
Okay, nice talking to you, Neil.
Thanks a lot, pal.
We have an open line in the out of town line,
1-888-4749-463-1888-4749-463.
Here's Miami.
Wait a minute, that ain't it.
Here it is. Hello.
4-6-3.
Miami.
When is this?
He's got a sock over it.
We have an open line in Broward, 7-6-7-7-9-463-7-6-7-W-Y-O-D.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I appreciate your talent.
I'm a listener for a long time,
and I'd like to make a shameless request for the court.
Yes, sir.
How about keep your pants on, Jimmy?
Don't got it.
How'd it all go?
Oh, it's long gone.
I know. I thought it would be easy.
I told you somebody got their pants going yesterday, yeah.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate the courtesy.
Okay, sorry, pal.
No problem.
See ya.
We'll go out and buy some new ones.
We'll go out there and see our friend at Peter Kent.
We have an open line in the days.
See how he's doing.
622-W-Y-O-D.
622-9-463.
So I got two cars that both worked on.
How do you like that?
Oh, thank the Lord.
See, it's good Friday.
I told you miracles happen on Good Friday.
You don't want to believe me.
Just sit back and eat the pudding in the apple sauce
and cut the crap.
Oh, this insanity.
What are they going to just say?
These people are crazy.
All this religious cock of this superstition, this garbage.
Why?
Because people, there's one answer.
They can't deal with death.
That's the whole deal.
Oh, we're not going to die.
We're going to go to a better life on Sirius.
And we're serious.
That's the worst part.
We be serious.
Oh, give me a break already.
Will you?
Nice outfits, though.
I'll say that.
Very kind of like the, I hate to say about the Mormons.
You know how they all have those outfits.
Very kind of medicinal looking.
Very clean, preppy, medicinal looking.
With the white shirt and the tie.
That's how these people are very medicinal.
They probably don't smell too medicinal now.
There are your shoes.
Huh?
They all had brand new Nike's.
No, well, they had to show the swish.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I just want to say that guy Ed Jovenowski's a bum.
Yeah.
And they should have traded when they had a chance.
You're right.
You're right, pal.
When everybody in the league thought he was really a hot shot.
Now they're all on to him.
I'll guarantee you that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eddie.
Eddie.
Give it away again.
Eddie.
He's killing us.
Yeah.
He just has to stand there, bench and play with his right thumb.
You know?
Exactly.
Hey, guys, up on.
Well, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line in front.
That was a pair of Gustafson, by the way, crawling in and wants back into line up.
Open line in Broward, 7679-463-767-W1.
Come on, Eddie, grow up here.
Will you?
It's not personal, Eddie.
We like you.
You're a good guy.
I never stole a freight train, not even in Windsor.
But come on.
Let's get with it.
Let's get, I mean, every time he's out there, especially on a power play now, he just gasped.
He hold your breath from to do something totally unacceptable.
And he didn't let us down last night.
Nice assist there, and at first out of a goal, Eddie.
Beauty.
Here's Bal Harbor.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, what you're saying before about those religious people?
I think there are a bunch of freaks.
Yeah.
And, you know, what's really the difference between the call of the religion is all the same.
It's all a bunch of bull crap.
It's all Hocus Pocus and Superstition, amen, sir.
That's what I say.
Can you play Sifilis Blue for me?
Yes, I can, and I'll see you on Sirius.
Thanks, buddy.
Okay.
Bye.
Open line and day.
What the hell do you want, Sifilis Blue?
What kind of, I'm good Friday.
This guy calls you and wants me to play Sifilis Blue.
Here's my story, said by Drew.
About a girl called Sifilis Blue.
Oi.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
I like it.
Hey, hey, I'm a little bit old.
Hey, hey, the slow, the slow, the slow, the slow.
Open line and day.
Oi.
I shouldn't order from the spot on the left.
I didn't know whether you're an average of it.
I'm part of all always be with you.
So stay away from the Sifilis Blue.
And be took a close, I should have seen your size.
You know the sense of a friend of mine.
You got infected now, I've got it too.
So keep away from the Sifilis Blue.
Hey, hey, keep away from that girl.
Open a Sifilis Blue now.
Keep away from the Sifilis Blue.
She likes to sleep around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
We didn't dare to start a trick call.
Now I'm afraid of falling off here tomorrow.
I'm sorry for the guy who knows.
Used to have a horse with his fungus rose.
And scared me for all that she ever knew.
A keep away from the Sifilis Blue.
Yeah, keep away from that girl.
I live in 39 at WIOD 21 till noon on a great good Friday.
It's painless.
I mentioned Pete Boulder was in the building this morning.
Didn't have to be here, I'm sure.
But he's got his nose to the grindstone.
He's got his nose to wouldn't he's working on it.
And guess who else was in the building briefly today?
You're a latchman.
There you go.
Told me the real story.
Well, I don't want to get into that.
You're a latchman.
About that business, you know.
Roy!
Here's the lady in Del Rey Beach.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, it's Betsy in Del Rey.
How are you doing?
I'm fine, thanks.
I heard something the other night that kind of reminded me of our mutual alarmist friend Rick Sanchez.
And I thought you might enjoy it.
Okay.
I was up at a bar in Hope Sound, Harry in the natives have you ever been there?
No.
Okay, well it's the, I consider it the Hurricane Anthem for 1997.
It's called premature evacuation double doppler kiss my ass.
Yeah.
Would you like a copy of it?
Oh, I'd love it.
Fantastic.
I'll send it to you if you give me your address.
3000.
Uh-huh.
North 28th Terrace.
Okay.
Hollywood, Florida.
Okay.
3302.
Oh!
Great.
You're going to love it.
Okay.
He's just a local guy and he's fantastic.
All right.
Keep up the good work, Neil.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Have a great weekend.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
And find some nice Easter eggs.
Find some of those Russell Stover ones.
The chocolate ones filled with that cream filling.
Wasn't bad enough that a net was just on George's lap rubbing something.
Now Wayne is in there rubbing his shoulders.
It's called rub George Day.
Everybody's rubbing it.
We have an open line and I think it's also called beat Rick Riley over the head with a 2 by 4 day.
I forgot about that.
Are they coming in today?
Are they all of a sudden turning religion?
They'll be here, right?
Do we know?
It isn't paid holiday, by the way.
Ron and Ron were here this morning.
Had a great show this morning.
What got into you guys?
Great show this morning.
Paul O was a hysterical.
hysterical.
I was peeing in my pants.
I was, this guy's been holding back.
I'm telling you.
And I want to apologize for the intemper thing.
I mean, he is a putz, but he's funny.
Funny guy.
You don't want to see him.
Believe me, you don't ever want to see Paul O.
Nobody, even his wife, don't want to see Paul O.
He's got a wife.
That's frightening.
What does she look like?
I wonder.
Worse.
Okay.
Oh, I'm actually made in heaven.
But they had a hell of a show this morning.
It may be an omen.
Here's Carl Douted.
Here's Carl Springs on a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, no, how you doing?
Great.
I sit in section 124.
It's the most embarrassing thing in the world to be sitting there.
I want everybody from 124 who feels this way to call in here today and express yourself.
That's all yours.
His name is Scotty.
He's a loser.
I gave tickets to a surprise party.
Is that the guy who's the rat?
Yes.
He used to be the rat out for his name Scotty.
Oh, that guy.
I'm embarrassed that this guy used to pretend to be a friend of mine.
He used to come around and suck around with me and through the playoffs.
He was wearing the rat.
And you know, we humored him during the playoffs because there was so much excitement with the
rat thing.
And sometimes there's a check.
He screams and cries.
I want to put skirts on the guy.
My friend of mine lived in Toronto.
I grew up there.
I gave him my tickets to the Leafs game.
He said he would never go to another game with me even if I paid him.
Right.
Because you can't stand that guy.
He's like, these guys, this is a junior hockey.
The guy is embarrassment to the actors.
He knows nothing about hockey.
He's dragging the rest of the morons.
He's seen two hockey games in a life with them.
Right.
He's a threw back and an asshole and I can't stand them.
And the quicker they get a new state and the happier wall pay.
All right.
Later.
God bless you.
Oh, thank God we're getting to 124 people.
Now, let's get a whole bunch of people from 124 to call in here.
And tell us guy cut the crap already.
Okay.
Loser.
Loser.
Oh, when is some of you people going to grow up?
Okay.
That may be okay the first two years when it was really boring there.
We were sticking to join out and just nearly missed a playoff thanks to Roger Nielsen and Joe Cerella and Brian Benning.
But I mean, now after going to the finals last year and maybe learning a little bit about what icing is and maybe like even a two line off side.
Now we're starting to move up into world a little bit, a little bit.
And you people are going to follow this jackass up there into the awful, awful.
Hey, ref, you suck.
I mean, after an obvious penalty, you know, one of our guys spears this guy takes a stick and just throws it right to the guy's gun.
It comes out his back.
He speared him so bad.
He gets two minutes.
Hey, ref, you suck.
I mean, give me a break.
Aggravating and agitating.
One of these fans ever going to get with it.
We're not going to play as because they played a crap game last night.
Okay, they're entitled.
But the fans, you suck.
I'd say about 40, 50% of the people in that crowd, they need lobotomies.
They need to give the tickets away to somebody to appreciate what's going on, which ain't them.
Because they're too busy self aggrandizing with their crap.
And thank you so much.
Batman.
We have two open lines in date, 622 W.I.O.D.
6229463.
So what's the story about this air in K who's doing it with our consultant?
I'm still in shock.
We have no calls about that because evidently nobody heard her last night.
Thank God for that.
She's on here bragging about the fact or belly aching about the family.
I mean, is somebody holding a gun to her head making her hang on this guy?
I don't get it.
Our consultant, Walter Sabo, she mentions him by name.
She's doing them for five years now.
She's there have a relationship is the way it was put.
Okay, fine.
Now let's talk about something exciting, which that ain't it.
Oh, man.
Aaron K.
It's it's a passion clones.
1145 at W.I.O.D.
The most exciting thing.
It's 10W.I.O.D.
Enjoy your penis.
I took a call from the eponix.
They say the future beat right for me.
Now I can't get snow job because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old Negro.
Eponix thought they had this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot, roll, drive a douce and a quarter and a Cadillac.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman Air
bar.
Grind the blues about poverty.
White there was God's know job for me.
And so the bomb exploded my line of chains.
Now I got you to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Learning what a bar is in song.
Eponix makes me sound funny.
God's nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Labor books sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
Eponix ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal a purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money.
My is thereio and the fridge are dead.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman Air
bar.
Grind the blues about poverty.
White there was God's know job for me.
And so the bomb exploded my line of chains.
Now got you to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
crackle
crackle
crackle
crackle
crackle
crackle
crackle
yeah cut down on those phone calls a little too long to sweet art oh sorry i'm talking about
uh...
air in uh... k
our new night time hostess nine to midnight given other chance okay
well have a night like to the heater played a good friday
the heat our plan on good friday i think that's a bad bad home
i don't want to speak anybody over there but that's a bad home
they'll need a little competition make no mistake about it that's what the
don't say it david don't do it you paid your twenty five hundred bucks
mind your peace and q's just keep your nose clean thereafter the jews david just
keep that in mind
and that michael mayo your name is masquevitz like my last name is a bit
health or aches okay
like my grandmother's name was solemn and you'd leverage that's how your last
name is a masquevitz or whatever it was
michael mayo man or man
promised right here on his show he made a blood oath
to apologize to retract the list of last sentence and that interpret column
call for his a lancements job there
i mean it's one thing if you want to get your calling for
filan's jobs
that's mean that's something else
you know how fat he's getting by the way
fill that's been getting really punchy okay don't do it
don't do it used to be a thin guy i mean uh... he he looked uh... you know
what are you mean being almost
but uh... he's gonna start getting potty didn't be poppin those pills i don't
want to say what kind
here's my amy hello
yes sir
i don't know great
and he
and he whoops there it goes
yeah
can't tell me when
was was going to rock back
was from play last night so did the morosky
all i didn't really came back
and morosky scored the last pool there with one second left
all right with that okay um i'm just happy cuz you know the region got
that kicked again
gimme thank God they're right on our side of the way
and they're rained on a
they're right on our silicone
a bakery yes sir
uh... pop up our point
okay
connect with this
ofwater
at whole is about as good as much as the
not not bad
has he was not for the weekend later
were at maxi can't famine
some print later it's and a change from no month
We have an open line and date 62294636222W18 come on. Let's join a cult and drink cool a neat yellow pudding
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hello, here's for Lauderdale. Hello, yes sir. Long time last night I just wanted to call him say thanks for all the good energy. He provided me a heading back to Colorado. Oh, no. Oh, yeah, it's it's home. It's place to be for me. Okay.
I just wanted to thank you again. I'm going to send you the article with the hockey mask. Did you ever get that? Yes, I did.
Did you enjoy that? Thank you so much. I thought it was kind of entertaining. Say how to Patrick Frog for us to by the way. Yeah, well, it's finally started to wake up. He's surprising to the other night. Yeah.
I got his butt beat. Uh-huh. I just want to say thanks again. I guess I got to break down my computer now. I'm trying to put you on the internet. Excellent.
And I'll get a hold of you when I read get back there. Can I say this request? Yes. You got that man-ditch thing. Okay. Have a great life, my friend.
Three calls for the criminally ignorant. Six, ten, W-I-O-D. Miami, Fort Lauderdale. It's Friday, you bastards.
B-B-B.
Thank you, baby.
And the powers you possess.
Since your safety's light. With your flight, Cesar, light. He's got a job for you to do.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the make me on your chest and bulldozed you tight dress,
You're bending those two-hour old friends.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sex the bad guy straight to hell.
When a building starts too low with your image then we know
You're crushing grind with one mighty ball.
Crazy!
In the way, folks.
Oh!
1204 W.I.O.D. Happy Good Friday from all your friends.
All your paizons, all your lancemen.
Here at 610 W.I.O.D. Thanks again for a sensation.
Did I say?
No, Phil Lonsman.
Anyway, he was in here looking kind of putty this morning.
He was telling me the real story behind the story which I don't want to elaborate.
Because I don't want to cause him no trouble.
But you know something, it was much into about nothing.
Much into about nothing.
These people here, these bureaucratic types, they get all bent out of shape
and get all psychotic over like nothing.
Don't even bother coming back.
Exactly.
That should be their biggest problem that somebody defaced.
Roar!
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Great.
Listen, you know the vet that you won the 97 is like a mix between the Mazrx7 and the Accurandisex?
Yeah.
Only it's rated higher though by all the car magazines.
Yeah, I know.
How do you like that mix? Looks nice, huh?
I love it.
Okay.
Well, I'll let you know.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay. You're welcome, Prago.
We have an open line a day.
Let me tell you again a great restaurant there in a base.
I don't want to say great yet.
I had one meal.
It was very good.
Surprisingly, because base I quite frankly looked to me like a flea market.
Like George says, an overpriced flea market.
What was the name of that restaurant?
Lorenzo's?
Not the renties.
Lombardies, Lorenzo's, Lorenzo's, our Paisan.
Our Paisan and I'm calling it Lorenzo's?
That's all right.
They wouldn't mind.
They had like real digos in there.
The waiter was like a real Italian guy.
Not just somebody who's from the Bronx, a real Italian who spoke Italian.
Grazio, Prago.
That was about it.
Those are the only two words he understood.
Now he was very good.
We have an open line a day.
622-946-3622-Achepequia.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
Bon pomerigio.
Hi.
I just wanted to tell you I'm really impressed by your show.
Of course.
Not that many people have the guts to speak their minds.
As my mother would say, what's not to like?
Are you a new listener?
Yes, fairly recent.
Oh my God.
Thank the Lord.
I just want to ask you, what's your theory on why that not that many women listen to your show or call up or involve?
Or both of the above?
Yes.
Women generally are busy watching stupid soap operas and watching stupid talking heads on TV.
And not only that, not too many women listen to AM radio.
See, if more women would listen to AM radio, when I was on Zeta on FM, I had a lot more women than I do now.
But women just don't listen to AM.
If somebody would just teach them how to dittle with that knob and the radio button too, then they would know what it's all about.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Oh, OK.
Women need a course in how to dittle with that knob.
Oh, really?
Exactly.
OK, well thanks for the advice to women.
Well, obviously you already got plenty of experience and we appreciate that.
OK.
Have a great weekend.
Bye-bye.
She knows how to dittle it over to AM.
What's all with all you women out there?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
What does wrong with you?
You know...
said it
Oh my god
What a pathetic idiotic bitch
Is that a woman or a kid?
What was that?
No that didn't go to work.
The last time...
We have an open line in day at 6229463622 to butter rhymes and we have one in
Broward 7679463767 W I O D I think that Ralph Reed of the Christian Coalition is
right. We got to get that potty mouth bag off the or else you know what I'm saying?
And that damn Dyke Ellen degenerate let's get her off of there too. Let's get everybody
off we don't like. Let's just Christianize America by Christianizing the airwaves and the
newspapers and the magazine. The Grand Magazine. The Grand Magazine which is in the Italian
Department store. Here's Hollywood on a mobile hello. Hollywood.
Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey I was wondering if I could bother you and your listeners
maybe you can help me out a little bit with a couple things. Yes sir. I just got a
lot while I was about four months old now. We've had our problem with fleas and
scratch themselves raw. Yeah. I don't know if it's the fleas or if it's the food. I
know you had problems with your food. If he's got fleas he's got an allergy to a
man and he's got to scratch himself raw and you need to get rid of the fleas. You
need to take him to the vet. Why are you not taking him to the vet and getting a
cortisone shot? I didn't get a shot. I got that thing you put on once a month. It's a liquid.
You put on it. Is it working? It works. But like I said he's no one at himself. Of
course because he's allergic to the fleas. Okay. My golden my golden retriever when he
had fleas which thank goodness we haven't had in years but when he had fleas he
was like he had just chewing his skin off. Yeah that's what he's doing. He's just
not on himself raw. Allergic you got to get rid of the fleas man. Okay another thing.
I've been here for about five years from Philly. Yes and I miss playing hockey
desperately. Nobody down here plays that hockey or foot hockey whatever you want to call it.
Yeah and if anyone listeners out there got a league or a group of guys they play
pocket hockey down here. Yeah everybody's doing an insane playing hockey.
I'm a little bit ponsial hockey once in a while. Roller hockey. I can't skate. I just want to play
foot hockey or deck hockey whatever you want to call it. Okay. Anybody knows anything? Give
a call in. Okay listen get rid of the fleas I'm telling you. Once you get rid of the fleas
your problem will be gone for life. Didn't you have a problem with your food though?
Huh? Didn't you have a problem with his food? Listen please I'm begging you. If he has fleas
I am telling you he's allergic to the fleas. You've got to completely get rid of the fleas.
Once you get rid of the fleas that problem will be gone long gone. Got you. Okay.
Thank you sir. Do it. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward 767 W I O D we have the
mobile one purple line available there for you. We're waiting on you. Our poll question
today is canis mas macho Luis Miguel around reagacy. Pound I O D on a mobile one line
open line and pop beach to the rest of the world. One triple eight four seven four nine
four six three. We want to know are you serious about outer space? That's the question. We want
to know about what's your name there? Aaron Summers Jr. That was on last night making
her debut Aaron Kay who's doing a Walter Sabo. See the more she kept talking about that
the more it made it unacceptable. I mean I already knew that. But as she wouldn't have
said anything nobody else on the outside would have known it and it wouldn't have been
a problem. But the more she kept talking to China about it the more unacceptable it became
which is maybe the idea. I don't know to stir up some controversy and say hey no matter
what this bitch does she's going to be on there because she's banging the consultant.
You don't see any conflict of interest there do you? Here's coconut grove hello. Hey Neil
yes sir. Alok boss you are the best buddy. I've listened to you for many years. I've
called you. I'm the very best El mejor. El mejoring the moon to me. Do you see? Okay.
Hey Neil you have that memo for no more speaking Spanish in the office. You could do that.
That is so hilarious. I'm going to I'm going to whip that out man. It's so great. Anyway
Neil happy Easter to you. I enjoy your show very much. Faithful listener. I mean when I move
out of here I will listen to you on the internet. Where are you going you're moving? Well I
lived up in Tallahassee and I've called you from up there before. Yeah. But I had to listen to you
through a little AM out in the woods out through sun you know WS UN. Yeah. But I moved back
down here a few years ago biggest mistake I've ever made. I'm going to tell you something
don't go out there in the woods again believe me. Well lucky lucky the first time do not go
out in the woods in Tallahassee. Those guys are alright. Yeah they're okay. Yeah. When you're
hanging there from when you're hanging from the tree they'll be laughing and you'll be crying.
They get a long fine with this cube. Okay. You got the right stuff for them. Okay. There you go.
Now you're talking you finally learned the language. Well Neil I love you. Okay Migo.
I'll stick here. Meet us. Gracias. Yeah. De nada. Open line of day. It's six to two. I know lots
of espaniol man. You'd be surprised if I knew as much Italian as I know espaniol. I'd be in for
example. Coneyo, carajo. Hey I found it. I've hung out of this thing. It says no manager
under any circumstances will be referred to as El Ijo de la Gran Puta, El Cabrn or
AC Maricn. Ijo did I get there right finally I have a very very good very hard time
saying that because I want to pronounce when you get the H in the J together when I haven't
separate I know what the H is all about as in God, shame God. I'll get back to that momentarily
as in coma. You're a whole day or say Hodeo. I like saying that. Say Hodeo. But you didn't say
make believe speak. You're not fooling me. I'm telling you for a second. I'm playing
in Rique Gleise's. Do they attend? He says, Oh, is that Italian? I wasn't listening. Yeah.
I was picking up a lot of words. That's why I get away from me with his crap already. Okay.
Cherta Mente. And I'm talking sir. I'm so embarrassed that I said that promo you played.
I said, certamente. That's Spanish. Certamente. It's like these ringers in our Italian class
who are, you know, no, they're speak real fluently and they think that they're fooling us.
And all of a sudden they'll throw in there like Nueva, you know, Ninal become the way.
Sorry, Espadio and all of a sudden you go and the port goes back. You speak,
sorry, fooling. I'll profess already. I'll tell you that 1214 at W I O D.
610 W I O D not just for snack time anymore. Maybe a lot better at 7 o'clock.
Good.
1219 W I O D we must have some Julios in accounting in this company because it says salary increases
will not be referred to as tremendous mierda. How do you like that? It says unusual or creative
customer requirements will not be labeled as Paja Smentales. Lack of determination will
not be referred to as Falta de Juevos or Maricone Ra. No real persons who lack an
initiative be referred to as Weyvn or Come mierda. I like to roll my Rs in the middle
of that word mierda because that changes the meaning, doesn't it? No. Well, I said it
did. So anyway, it's not easy to roll you around the middle of a word. You have to really
know how to roll them. George Estlub went up by the way, a big brown one. Here's Fort
Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, I am. Neil. Yes. Hi, Sue. Sifilis. Sue, that is. Hi, Sue.
Anyway, I was wondering if you heard that new air intimate CD. No, I have not, but I will
listen to it on a way home today, though. In your Corvette. Yes, I will. Hey, because I
had that crappy, I had that crappy lumen of this morning that only had a cassette decadent.
Hey, that song King, they wrote it for you. Yeah. Yeah. And good. Great. Okay. See you. I'll
hear it. Sue. We'll see you. I see you. We'll see you. We have an open line at Broward.
Drunk. 7679 463 767 WYOD. Blitzed. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami.
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I'd like to play a three-quest. Yes. My boyfriend's back. Okay.
Well, congratulations. We have an open line at day at 6229 463. He's probably the one
on Stola Cart. See, for the woman that called before and we loved her, she was great.
Three ladies back who was wondering why we don't have more women listening and more women
calling and etc and so on. The reason is that by the time I come on at 10 o'clock in the
morning every day, they're all plastered already. I mean, when you got a neighbor that's
drinking a beer, she's out there with a little kid taking it into the school bus and with
a beer in her hand 730 in the morning, you got to figure by 10. They're all blitzed.
They're plastered. They're on the floor with her without somebody. Here's Athens, Joja.
Hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. I turned on the internet this morning and I listened
to your show and come to find out that Feds and I have the same birthday. Today? Yes.
Yes. Sure. I'll be God-danged. There you go. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I went
to see the Godfather yesterday. I was listening to you and it made me want to go see it. And
just like you said, Neil, the median age in there was death plus 20. Oh my God. How
do you press it? Why aren't they marketing this so that some living and breathing people
go see the greatest movie of all time? I was surprised to see the movie in Athens,
Joja, but there were these two women sitting about four rows in front of me and I guess
their hearing was so bad that they could no longer whisper to each other. Oh no. They
were talking to themselves as loud as I'm talking to you right now. Isn't that just
what you needed in a movie where the dialogue is real low to begin with and you see you've
got to pay real close attention and they're talking out loud like what did he just say?
Exactly. And when Atholonia, when she started the car, the car blew up. Right. You should
have a coronary right there. I love it. Beautiful. Yeah. Tell me to go see it again. Maybe
it'll work the next time. Do you think that the two Barnes trade will make Brian Murray's
reputation like Don Schuels' reputation was after a rafting Eric Kumaro? Let me just say
this. Okay. Because Brian Murray has done a lot of good things too. But I just want to
say this and I watched that team again. That team last night, the chemistry on this team
has never recovered. I know we had a lot of injuries, a lot of excuses, but the chemistry
has never gone back to what it was before that trade. I agree with you. That trade was
like, oh, I agree. They just don't seem spirited. It's right. They just lost something there.
Can I can I have a two request? A birthday request and a good Friday request? Yes, sir. It's
possible. The Dennis Liri asshole song. Yeah. And the the tape of Ronnie D. Teller Ronnie B that he
was going to quit. Oh, we have that. Don't we? What's that under, George? Running. Oh, I got it.
I got it. All right. Both are both nice and long too, by the way. Well,
be claimed during the break. We come out of breaks or something. Okay. And one more thing.
Yeah. Somebody at these bags. Go ahead. Robert Raven and Derek Bostick. You two are a bunch
at two spas. Okay, pal. Bye. See ya. See you in Aintree. We have an open line in Broward. 7679463. 7672. We got
that toll free line to the rest of the universe on the audio net. And of course in Palm Beach,
which forget about them, forget about those goyms. They're all in church today doing their thing.
It's good Friday. They're all eating macaroni and cheese right now as I speak. And like I said,
yesterday, what's wrong with macaroni and cheese? I happen to like macaroni and cheese, okay?
As a matter of fact, there ain't quite nothing like a craft macaroni and cheese when you come right
down to it. Hey kids, every three quarter ounce crafted cheese single is made with five ounces of milk.
How do we do that? Dairy ferries. Excuse me. Dairy ferries. Actually, sir, I was talking to the kids.
Yeah, everyone knows about dairy ferries. And night when you're asleep, the dairy ferries
seeks into the kitchen and stirs it all the milk with a magic wine. Well, that's not entirely correct.
You know, you're right. Yeah, there's the pasteurization process. I forgot about the part where the
dairy fairy comes to my room afterwards and gives me a hot cheese enema. A what cheddar, I think?
No, it smells like cheddar anyway. Sir, I don't know what's going on in your room at night,
but I don't think it has anything to do with the manufacture of crafted cheese single.
Oh, that's all right. So, you want to see my magic cheese log? No.
Crafted cheese singles made with five ounces of real milk. Trust us, you really don't want to know
how we do it. What you got to the meetings? No, that's my rule. I won't. That's true. That's the
rule for me. You're in radio? I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to see you. I don't want
to know you. You're in the business. I don't want to know you. Lose my number. Now, how do you
really see out? The business has been mean to you over the years. You haven't taken enough out of it.
The business has been so cool to me. I thank you. And now I can go away in peace very, very, very
soon. Goodbye. I think we just signed off. No, no, no, no, just me signing off.
How's the crib? How's it down south crib? Nice? Yes, great. It's great.
Love the love the hood? You know, I'm just trying to get in. You know, my wife is here and
these rumors about you leaving. Why did we buy a new house? I don't know, honey. He didn't tell me
until after we already put the mortgage down. I told you before the mortgage, my friend. No,
yes, I did. I remember talking to you about this. You never talked to me. I heard from someone else.
I know. I talked to you in the middle of November. We all sat down in the middle of November.
And you in the middle of a deal. You didn't do the deal and you did another deal. You told me that.
I just said I didn't, man. You told me that you told me that in November, man. You did.
We never talked in November. We did talk in November. We sat in a hotel room in November and talked.
What hotel room? That hotel lobby and then we went up to the room in Tampa. That hotel room.
Remember, we had lunch and then we went up to the room. By that time, I already had my place, man.
Now, by that time you didn't have your place. I didn't talk to you. I talked to the people that you
had told me. No, we all talked. We all sat up there and talked together. We did.
We had a meeting. We all sat down, talked. And then you and I and two other individuals from
the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room. And that's how I went down.
That's what happened. And that was before Thanksgiving. And here we are January 6th.
Are we going to have a conversation or what? Are we done? Should I walk away now?
You're going to do whatever you want to do, man. I have done whatever I want to do.
But should I walk away now? Would it be easier? I don't want to make this thing difficult.
No, this thing is all about you anyway. It's not all about me. It's about this show
we are. I asked me about how everything's going. I asked you about the crib. That's all.
It's great, running. Man, I'll just leave now. If it's easier, that way I will.
It's not easier that way. Then why are you saying what you're doing? I'm not doing anything.
Let's go on. Let's act like everything's happy. What exactly what I was doing?
And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them. Don't play. I'm not playing.
I'm not playing at all, man. I'm being totally honest with you and I have been.
Yeah. What do you mean, yeah? I'm glad. I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down.
It's all happy to me. It's all happy to me. I know it is.
It's time for me to move on. That's all. All right, so let's change the subject.
I didn't bring it up, man. I'm just having a conversation with you and you just stop talking to me.
It's so embarrassingly true. Prove 28 at WIOD.
Rock, dirty, to me. First, she set the screen on fire in basic instinct.
Then you saw her in sliver. After that, it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead.
But let's face it, the only decent movie she's ever done was Basic Instinct.
So now Sharon Stone gives moviegoers exactly what they want.
And that's more of what made her a household name.
Sharon Stone stars in crotch. We all know she can't act, but it doesn't matter in crotch.
Two solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs.
The New York Times says this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition.
Siskel and Ebert give it two thumbs up. And Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt.
Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch. Now showing.
But 1233 at WIOD. Happy Friday to you. Hope you've been to church. We hope you've
dropped your rosary beads. We hope you got your necklace and your.
Oh, and then I wish I would have saved the paper yesterday. It was a very short and stupid letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel.
About that kid at Boca High School. What is wrong with you people?
All these goody two shoes assholes out there. Well, the school the school is absolutely right.
And the school board is right on target about Peter Poppick there in his beads.
He had he had the Cuban flex. See, this is just part of the Zena Fulby in his town.
If he would have had like if he would have had like a star at David the Israeli flag on here.
All the old Jews would be writing as a what's wrong with you? You're all anti-Semites.
But because he had these chachkis there on his neck in the right away. Oh, it's a gang thing. You're right.
What the Castro gang? Maybe it's a fact thing. Maybe it's the Castro street gang from Fritko.
What is wrong with these people anyway?
No matter what kind of craft, no matter what kind of restrictions, no matter what kind of inhibitions,
no matter what kind of stupid ass and on constitution laws they pass and rules and regulations.
Oh, they're absolutely right. That's right. If we just outlaw stuff like that then everybody
will be obedient. We won't be killing each other in the God forbid that we should outlaw guns.
Let's make sure everybody's got a gun. And if we just don't have no gang symbols in class,
everybody will be alive. Right. Here's Miami. Hello.
Leo, how you doing? Great. I just received my annual call from my very, very Catholic grandmother telling me,
well, it used to be asking me to go to church today. But today it's telling me to go to church.
Telling to blow it out of the race. Well, the crusades are still alive. Yeah.
So it should probably be stopped by my house. Blow it out your ass, grandma.
And the other thing I wanted to ask about the old tool.
Brackdom. Yeah. Okay.
Oh, yeah. She actually said, well, you should go. And I said, why? And she goes, well,
because, you know, Jesus, the Lord is dead. And I go again. You know,
dead again. Every year. Dead again. You know, he's dead every year. He's alive every year. He's
born. It's just it's just getting to be a drag. But, uh, well, I hope you have a weekend. We're
going to pull. He's running around and drag doesn't bother him. Well, I hope you have a real good weekend.
And back to you. Enjoy your event. And back to me. Yeah. See you. Bye. We have an open
line today. Your grandma's going to make him go to church. You people at a bunch of pussies out
there. Tell grandma, mind your own business. Quilt with the crap. Okay. Go, uh,
dovon over the candles and do something useful and get out of my face. Get out of my face with
your stone age baloney. Okay. You let me handle my baloney. You worry about your baloney, grandma.
Get lost. Go get a life with your bubble. My C's. Okay. With all this hocus, focus.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Long time listeners. First time call.
Great. I was looking for you with a hockey game last night. I'm not sure what section you're in.
I'm in 220 and I was looking around. I'm in 106. 106. 106. 106. Thank God. No, we're near 124.
Okay. I've won a game. That was sad. That was so sad. I stayed till the end. I watched the last two goals.
I knew it was hopeless and helpless. I stayed. But there, you know, my partying, so what do you
think? I'm not sure. There were. There are second team or whatever. Anyway, be in front of
the L.F. I'm kind of a flyer. Anyway, I do listen to W.I.D. I do know how to work my knobs,
but I only listen when you're on. Otherwise, I'm listening to sports.
Great. Good for you. So, you know, I didn't only listen to A.M. I think your humor is classic.
You're one of a kind. You'll work every penny they pay you. And I had my macarony and cheese
today, so if I have caution, both I can stress. Oh, great. You're definitely going to
purgatory now. Oh, yeah. Really? Anyway, I'm on vacation in the teacher's. So it's the first time I
really got to pull you off. Well, God bless you. Anyway, I want to call someone to be back. Yes?
Michael Moraney, your be back. Okay. Okay. Have a happy. Boy boy. See you. Bye.
Open line of day at 629-463. One and Broward, 767-W.I.D. Now we've got to run our women. We've got
75,000 women on the line. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hello. This is a lady in sunrise.
Oh, this is a kid. Oh, I'm a boy. I started listening to you guys a couple of weeks ago.
Yes, sir. And now I bring my radio to school. Now you're talking. And I do that. And all my friends
gather around after the lessons have been taught. It's pretty cool. All right. They're going to learn
a lot more on this show that we'll let stupid schoolers. What school do you go to? What school do you go to?
I go to a school down in Fort Lauderdale. It's called Sunset. Sunset. It's like a kind of private school.
So the teachers don't really like it. Yeah. Bring the radio. Oh, they don't like the radio? No.
Tom Too Bad. Tom to mind their own business. Tom it's America and you'll listen to whatever
you want and they'll like it. Okay, pal. All right. Thank you. Keep it up. Okay. We have, look at us.
Now we're starting to like die a little bit here. We're starting to slide. We're backslide. We've had
a fantastic Friday here. Almost everybody's out of school to teach us. You're off this kid is off.
All these kids, they take the radios to school, man, because they know that if they want to hear
something, they might get a little amusement out of they might learn something about the real world.
Instead of all the lies, all the brainwashing, all the inundating their little minds with bullcrap.
This is the only place to hear the truth. Here's the only man with balls in his town is right there
that fat fag knee arrangers on a radio. That's the guy that'll tell it like it is. Oh, well,
cult members were very nice people here. They were crazy. You're that a bed bug. Okay. They're
eating jello pudding. First of all, I rest my case. They're watching Old Bill Cosby reruns
and eating jello pudding. Does that tell you how crazy they are and eat an apple sauce?
And amphetamines. I don't wish barbiterates, but it's much more fun to say amphetamines killed all
of those bastards. We have an open line at Broward 7679463 767WID. We had a story yesterday, I think,
about some poor bastard that croaked found a whole bunch of fendfin on their bed of Christ,
they got hit by a truck. But I don't think there was no coincidence myself. Here's a lady on a
mobile in Pompano. Hello. Lady mobile is gone. The lady mobile in Pompano that we're paying for
on mobile one's dime is gone and did not hold on that fucking bitch. Exactly. Open line in the mobile
one line, Pound IOD. She's got some nerve that bitch. We have an open line at day at 6222WID and
one in Broward 7679463 767. It's all request good Friday and are we having one damn good time,
damn good time. Where's God, Sham God when he need him, huh? Yeah, that's another thing that whole
business about that business, that monkey business, yeah, just wait. Here's a bokeh. Hello.
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching the game last night and the preview in Denise Potman,
the In Your Body Rimmer. They announced that the dancers have officially clenched the spot and
the playoffs. That is correct. And then Dennis says he goes, but they're not content with that.
They've got their sights on Buffalo. Now what good would having their sights on Buffalo do?
Another in-an comment because Buffalo's going to win the division. They're going to be the
number two seed no matter how many points we've got. And anybody, anybody that understands anything
about the game knows that, but of course that leaves out Denise. Exactly. Isn't that another
in a series of classically in-an comments by Don't Call Me Denise Potman, unbelievable.
I feel really, really, really, fucking. And so do we. Haven't listened all that crap.
Could you play the stew barn song without stew? Without stew. I just might have to.
See a pal back. We're going to beat Buffalo out no matter what tell we do. Get out of that
division or be okay.
We can't win.
There's no winning soon stage.
Right. It's too. We can't win.
We can't score anymore.
We can't win.
There's no winning since they trade it.
We can't win.
We can't score anymore.
Since the day they set stews leaving, well performance as us heavings, but the powers that
we've had to say is big.
And fast.
The record shows he can't score goals.
They're full of ra.
They can kiss my hand.
Right.
We can't win.
There's no winning since they trade it.
We can't win.
We can't score anymore.
Oh.
Well, you know, we're trying to get it on the man. We made a great shot.
It turned out to be a beautiful play.
There's a man with some chees back in his shot at one.
We're about to re-bounce.
Oh, my barn's right there to title again again.
I'm going to get free.
The barn's going to land around.
And he keeps going.
He's going to land again.
I'm going to fucking down.
Okay, it's 1243 at W.I.
What is this? Somebody sent me a video, Empire of Crime.
Did we talk about this on the air?
Did somebody threaten to send this?
Well, here it is. Empire of Crime.
And I'm going to go in the other room and watch it right now and screw everybody else.
Two open lines in day.
Six two two nine four six three six two two two W.I.O.D.
And one in Broward seven six seven.
After a very scintillating start, they're all in church now.
Is that when did they go to church on Good Friday at noon?
Is everybody good off at noon? They go to church at noon?
They eat their macaroni and cheese and tuna fish at noon?
The Pope changes his dress at noon?
The Pope does his mightest muffler routine at noon?
What are they doing over there?
Anyway, I'll tell you what they're doing at Lorenzo's.
They be celebrating and they wish you a very happy and healthy Easter.
Don't roll too many. Eggs either.
Six ten W.I.O.D.
Wind lightning is coming.
Here at your first.
Here's a reward out of pedophile.
Each year thousands of children are either killed or maimed needlessly by lighting fire.
This is no laughing matter.
A little boy in Brooklyn, New York accidentally sucked in the flame and inflowed it.
His calling was found three blocks from his house.
During a Maryland Manson concert as fans lit their lighters in traditional concert tribute.
A teenager from Petaluma, California thought he'd won up the audience.
Just as his friend bent over and let one lift, he lit his ribo in close proximity to the buttock area.
However, most of the crowd thought the explosion was part of the lightsauk.
The two suffered severe burns over his face and neck, requiring painful grafts of pig skin,
which caused untold grief for his orthodox Jewish parents.
Sure, farts can be funny, especially at school or during a wedding, but they can also be deadly.
This message is brought to you by Mel.
Mother's against lighting parts.
Remember, friends don't let friends light farts.
Friends don't let friends fart.
I'll tell you that 1249 to W.I.
Decorities is only one way to do that.
Good cork in the rectum always works for a while.
Here's one.
My name is Jimmy.
I've lost 53 pounds on a Atkins misspell.
Okay, Jimmy.
Oh, squirt.
Squirt.
I like that.
Squirt.
He must know Mikey.
How's Mikey doing, by the way?
By the way, in case anybody wants to know I'm going to work on Waxie,
I'm going to be the newsman on a micro-neary show.
Henry Barrow passed out.
He can't do it no more.
And the news either.
Two open lines in date, 6229-463-622-W-I-O-D.
I'm not going to mess with this.
It's phony.
This is the thing that you gave me away.
I'm not going to waste my time with that.
Guys, a major asshole obviously needs a serious life.
And I hope that you might meet police fries ass.
I hope fire comes out of his head.
Okay, it's a message from God.
I hope that flames come shooting out of your head or out of your rectum or both.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hey, buddy, how you doing?
Great.
Two things.
Stumpy.
No.
Stumpy, Jr.
No.
It's not?
No.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm a coach with a hockey, uh, roller hockey league.
Yeah.
And the first thing I teach my kids when you're a defenseman is you don't play with the puck in your own zone.
Don't play with it in your own end.
Would someone please relay a message to Edge over now?
I mean, the guy, I don't stand.
I just don't understand what his problem is.
Number one, number two, Rimo was having an orgasm last night with this, uh,
Chris Wells got the assist.
Yeah.
I saw that.
What a pass.
Who's a beautiful pass.
What a set up by Wells.
What a blast.
Yeah.
I heard his name more than anybody else's name in the whole game.
Yeah.
I'm stable.
You know, I don't understand.
But, well, I don't know.
I'm going crazy.
Goodbye.
Okay.
See the guys trying to confuse back the fiction and the...
Does Jeff Rimmer, Chris Wells, be high?
Boy.
Does he have a reason for defending this guy?
He's constantly falling and the puck he can find.
Does Jeff Rimmer, Chris Wells, be high?
Okay.
And ever since they've traded stores, they've been playing real prolly.
The reason they gave was to save the team money.
Are you?
We know that Chris may be a pretty nice guy.
Buddy, tuples and he stumbles and trips on the flu night.
Is this the best at Ryan Murray can find?
The teams in the Coles and they'll never say why.
Defending his eans.
He hits you die all the time.
Does Jeff Rimmer, Chris Wells, be high?
Yeah!
Okay.
It's a 12-52 at WIOD.
We have an open line in Dave County for your perusal now.
If you'd like to call in and save mankind from itself.
If you'd like to call here and explain to us why these people off themselves
with putting in Apple, Sous and Barb Richards and a partridge in a pair of three
and plastic garbage bags and why they had the Nike swish on their sneakers.
And if they were all really serious or not.
Unfreeking believable and yet the public sits out there.
They just, they can't see it.
Oh, thank goodness.
In fact, I guarantee all these people going to church today for good Friday.
And the minister of the priest or whoever the Getzki gets up there and he says,
well, this is a horrendous thing.
Another example of these cults and the perversion of real belief in God.
You had a rare right.
It's a classic example of what all the bubble mice is they're all about.
It's lunacy, man.
It's insanity.
Brainwashing.
You see, it's much, it's much better instead of brainwashing people to drink
cool aid and the cyanide, et cetera.
Just give us your money.
That's much better.
Put some money into play.
And just do what we tell you and don't do as we do, God forbid.
Just do what we say and shut up and go home and make a lot of babies.
Now you're talking.
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Great. I have a question on the panthers.
Is it just my imagination or are they changing their entire dial of play?
No. They used to dump it run and just pushing that hard.
And now they're trying to be real fancy with the puck and it's no.
Like it hurts them.
Yeah.
And I don't understand why don't they go back to work out the more they are.
We'll go out into the family couple because they don't have the same.
There's just not the same thing out there.
It's just not the same feeling that you don't have the this team isn't playing like they're on fire most of the time.
Which they were all about.
Keep in mind, keep something in mind.
They got hot right at playoff time last year.
Okay, they were struggling right before the playoffs.
They got out just at the right time.
They started out phenomenal this year.
Then they made that stupid, stupid, idiotic trade.
Okay.
And we were stumbling and bubbling.
Then we got all these injuries on top of it.
And we're still stumbling and bubbling.
So this team don't be too surprised if when the playoffs start.
We shock you again.
I mean, maybe it's wishful thinking.
But you never know where these guys.
But right at the right at the moment, they're in a coma.
They're in a coma.
Right.
There's no spark.
I want to see them rush that and get pounded hard.
And I'm going to tell you, well, they may be pounding at a heart, but not through in the game.
And the bottom line is that without a guy like Barnes or Straca out of the lineup,
which I pray he and Rani, they might have been bet well, at least Straca Saturday.
There's no offense.
You got Ray Shepherd and Melon B's also in a coma.
You got Ray Shepherd, basically.
That's the offense.
Yeah, I agree with you.
They'll talk for the best.
Let's light a fire under their thing.
Okay, pal.
See you.
That's what we need.
We need Marty back out there.
Okay, so he doesn't score a lot of goals, but he makes things happen.
That's what we need is some chances, man.
Well, the first period last night shots were what 14 to two for Ottawa.
14 to two.
What kind of a period is that?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Open line of day at six.
Well, you didn't see the facts.
622 W.Y.O.D.
What in Broward?
7679 463.
7677 W.I.O.D.
Let's take a bunch of amphetamines.
Okay.
Get our pulse up to about 180.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I'm calling about what's her name last night after Brooke.
Okay, here finally.
It only took me almost three hours to get a call about Erin, the Karen Kay.
Listen, I'm...
You want to sleep in with the consultant, yes?
I was a big, rainy road fan and I'd love Brooke.
Wow!
And this woman just comes on at 9 o'clock and I'm going.
What the heck's going on?
And all of a sudden, I had dinner at Dayland and I went all the way to Colourage
and she was on and on.
She didn't get off of that subject.
Listen, it took us 40 minutes to drive home from the hockey game.
That's the only thing I heard you're talking about.
She kept repeating it over and over again.
And why is everybody so worked up into a frenzy that I'm sleeping with a consultant?
And Walter Sabo is a wonderful guy.
But I mean, nobody cares.
We don't care, okay?
It was so sad.
It was so sad.
I really did feel sorry for her.
And I hope I don't know.
I love Brooke.
I'm going to work on till midnight.
She's a dog bit.
Six to midnight sounds like an ice shift for me.
Yeah, right?
I'd like to call...
Let her work a little bit of that flap off.
I mean...
Here's a bit.
I know.
Can I call some people this bad?
Be my guest.
Jackie Alexis Erica and Sandra D'Aldo.
Love you.
What was the last one?
Salvador.
Salvador.
I like it.
Okay.
Have a nice weekend.
Bonjournal.
See ya.
Uh, let's see.
Feliz Estero.
Estero is east.
Happy east.
Er.
Two open lines in day.
Six to two nine four six.
How do you say Easter and Spaniol?
Pasqua.
What the hell?
What is that?
Pasqua.
Whatever.
Feliz Pasqua.
Sure, okay.
Feliz Ojo Deano Pasqua.
Two lines in day and county.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
Roy!
I'm Lee and I'll do you.
I've had lots of money in the bank.
A new England's a go-in like Roy.
I'd have a radio network that nobody carries.
But everyone has to run the spots.
I'll be first in a while.
TV cable, real estate, I would own.
I'd have a half a dozen.
Big FM stations and 607 AM stations too.
And that's just in hell and there la la la.
If I was but Texan, yeah, la la la la la la la la la la.
Old day long guy fiddle with my knob.
If I was my Texan's boy, I'd be the real hankster for math.
The other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the bigger.
I've had shakles, you know what I mean.
I'd be richer than the freaking queen.
Wayne High Zanger would be burning cream.
If I was that Texan boy.
Roy!
104 at W-I-O-D. Jim Scholar, God, that's all I can say.
Let's do a mobile in Pompano and it's big one and two hour man.
This hour you're going to be, I'm telling you, this hour is going to set you on your ass.
Make no mistake about it. I can just feel it.
You can feel a gigantic something welling up in the pit of your stomach, can't you?
Maybe it was that great lunch from the All American subshop.
Did I get it right this time?
Why do I have a problem with that? That's like not an unusual name.
I just have a real serial problem. Get serious.
I wonder if they have one on serious. Here's a mobile in somewhere. Hello, Pompano.
Nail. Yes, sir. How are you?
Great. Happy Easter.
Happy Purim. Okay.
Notice how Purim and Easter in face-offs are so close together. What is it?
I went to my third Panther game of the year last night.
Yeah. And the last game I went through was a shark.
I remember how that game turned out.
Yeah. And last night Ottawa, that was the stink of manure in the place was pretty bad.
Yeah.
Awful game.
I'm glad you mentioned that by the way because where is it?
A stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the Panthers.
Yes. That was pathetic. There were three guys that tried the whole night.
I thought it was pretty good, man.
Besides Beezard, Lindsey, Lousa, Warner, the only guys even trying to skate.
Yeah.
Oh, God. I was frustrated.
It was ugly. It was an ugly thing, man. It was terminal.
I don't know what to say.
So, all right. Get out of our system now.
We'll get these last few games over there. We'll be smoking them during the playoffs.
We got everybody back.
I'll hold the cup.
Yep. Okay.
Okay, pal. Good luck to us.
And back to you.
Open line of day. That's right. Garper Loth will be back.
Maybe Robby will butcher up a little bit, but I doubt it.
And of course, Marty's going to be back. Marty's going to be the catalyst.
He's going to surprise everybody, including the coaches busy getting his wife a necklace.
He's going out to buy her a necklace.
And of course, we've all heard that spot.
We do love our friends at Beverly's Jewelers, but I didn't know they sold necklaces.
Did you?
How about shoelaces?
Here's Watson Island. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Brand new home of the Parachungal.
Hey, Neil.
Home of a good year, Blimp.
And the Parachungal.
And how are you up there?
Great. Yeah. Parachungal like Blimp.
Who knows, right? It's up for grabs of the Denley.
Listen, Neil. Shameless request.
Yeah.
You've got a tape with Jack Nicholson working a fast-food counter about chicken.
Oh, geez.
You're a ratchmin.
OK.
Two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, two, two, two,
I didn't hear what he said.
Did you? Didn't hear a word.
We have an open line in Broward, seven, six, seven, nine, four, six, three.
Something about you.
You're a ratchmin.
Let's go to a Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Just called to give my two cents about the panthers last night.
OK. Now all of a sudden, they're coming out of the woodwork.
All these panther basures. Go ahead, sir.
They deserve it.
I've, I've, I've, first of all, I've seen that annoying puts in what, what, 124 is?
Let's hear it about 124.
I want a lot more calls from the 10 sane people who sit in 124 and aren't a bunch of sheep being led down the horse's ass.
Oh, God. It all started last year with that rat.
Right.
Oh, I was willing to heal more and more with that.
I mean, you guys was in his glory.
We were having a good time.
He was running around. He's stunk like hell.
But I mean, you know, but now get on with life.
I think the fans had done a great job.
We don't throw the rats.
We don't get to team penalties.
Everybody's trying to control themselves.
But this bunch of goofballs over there, they let this guy lead him around by the end of the nose like a bunch of lemons.
And you think the peanut thing is bad in your section?
Oh, this guy, this guy is the type that stands up screams and spills beer on people.
Oh, nice.
Yes.
Nice. He's the best. He is the greatest.
I say, let's ban his ass from the arenas, what I say.
And go and let him go.
If I didn't, you know how the, the, the mascot comes down the, what the hell do we call him?
Stanley Stanley, see panther.
How he comes down at wire there before the beginning of the game.
I think we ought to let this guy try it once and cut the cord.
Big set now you're talking.
Now, let's move from one asshole to another.
Did Mike Mayo ever write anything?
No.
Of course he had another big column today, which I got a right here.
It's a column about some crap, which has nothing to do with anything.
Hold the whole of left side of the front of the sports section.
One word again, liar, liar pants on fire, man.
His name ain't mosquits.
I think he's the anti-Christ myself.
And I'm good Friday.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Unbelieveable.
David Halberstam, who everybody loves David.
I never heard anybody say anything bad about Halberstam.
They love him.
He's a great guy. He does a good job.
He's funny.
He's amusing.
He's colorful.
And this, this maniac over there, the sun sent him lied to us.
He made a blood oath right on the ear here to apologize and retract.
I say retract this.
Reckoam.
Exactly.
Can you play a little something for him?
Anything you want, pal.
Star Wars can't teen up.
You got it.
Thank you.
Have a great life.
So, oh, I bet that's not in here, though.
Do I have to get the thing out?
Oh, geez.
Oh, I'll do it.
Because he's a good, good guy.
He's a good guy.
That guy right there.
He sounded like a real American.
Okay, he sounded like he might not have looked too bad either.
We have an open line in Broward, 7, 6, 7.
How do you know that he might not have looked bad?
I don't know.
Because people here buy voices on here and they think they know how somebody looks.
For example, would you know how what's his name looked?
What is his name?
Jacob.
You wouldn't know what Del Jacob looked like.
Uh-oh.
Look at that, George.
I think I lost my plastic thing.
Oh, if I lost my plastic thing, what am I going to do now?
I think I lost my plastic thing, man.
That's real.
Oh, here it is.
Here's my plastic thing.
I found my plastic thing.
Very Jackson can put it in your column.
Neal found his plastic thing, okay?
Which number do you think it's on?
I know it's cut number 17, but which one do you think it's on?
Oh, I got it.
What a great job.
Quarenta Novi.
What?
That was right.
That's in a Quarenta Nueve or Quarenta Novi.
See how similar they are?
And if you start seeing Nueve and you speak the time,
they'll slap you right in the post.
Pope will come over there and slap you right up side of the head
and say, cut the crap.
He ain't Italian.
Huh?
He ain't Italian.
What does he care?
The Poloq.
He speaks 14 languages, none of them right.
Exactly.
And he speaks them all with an accent to it's all with a Jewish accent.
Here's the Pope who's Polish and a Catholic with a beanie and address.
And he speaks every language with a Jewish accent.
Why is he guy?
Give us back to beanie 2 while you're at it.
Who made a glia, man?
I'm Tonya.
Help me, Ocronc.
Help me.
Come on, let me go.
Her name was Lea.
She was a princess.
With the Danish on each ear and our bear drawing me in her.
So I'm too deep to.
The men can no be.
Oviwa.
We have to put the desktop plans into the rebellion's hands.
So Luke and Obi-Wan have to get to all the things.
So they run, so they stopped in Tumorsight.
Leaks to have a drink with Han after Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
So with his creatures you've ever seen him.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
Music and laughter then all Jedi masters after Star Wars.
We have to pass for this.
His name was Solo.
Hunter.
He was a pilot.
With the laughter at his time.
And a smile will flash that's why they're with Tupacca.
He was a wolf key.
They met with Luke and Obi-Wan about the millennium for conducting bay 94.
Don't troopers after door.
With a flash of Ben's light play.
Come as an art on the floor.
The Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
The weirdest creatures you've ever seen.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
Music and laughter then all Jedi masters after Star Wars.
House ice is space.
We will never find the more wretched high of scum and filament.
Mr. Corners.
His name was Yoda.
He was a muffin.
He was a muffin.
Darth Vader was so bad.
And by the way, he's Luke's dad.
Luke is his sister.
His hand got caught on.
In that galaxy far far away.
Luke has had a lousy day.
Bova fed was so mean.
Jabba had bad hygiene.
Why didn't they all just relax?
Back on Tattooine.
At the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
The weirdest creatures you've ever seen.
He has the Star Wars.
Star Wars can't be known.
Music and laughter then all Jedi masters after Star Wars.
The Star Wars will be with you.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
You know, it's really amazing.
I didn't realize it before I'm glad he brought it up again.
Michael Mayo not only had a big column today about some stupid stadium that went up there in West Palm Beach.
He not only covers the whole column, the regular column, based on a front page of the Sun Central Sports this morning.
But also if you open up to page 10c, it's like another eighth of a page.
So it's like the equivalent of one and a half columns at least.
And when I realized this thing was continued to open up and I'm thinking, well, maybe at the end it's kind of like some after notes and after thoughts.
He's going to write a little retraction in there or say something.
Nothing.
Zipini Duda, okay.
The man's got 47,000 words on his stupid, stinking word processor that he's written out there.
And not one of them.
Not a stinking one word saying, I'm sorry I apologize.
Let me live up to what I promised on Neil's show the other day.
Unbelievable.
Michael Mayo.
Oh my god.
If anybody's going to wind up in purgatory, you know what's going to happen to Michael Mayo?
He's not really going to purgatory.
He's going to wind up eating ham sandwiches with mayonnaise every day.
Hammond she's with Mayo.
Hold the Michael.
Oh my god.
Talk about an immediate ticket to hell.
Treyf.
We have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767.
You can slather the mayor slather the hydron.
It's your choice.
The heat player said, hold the male.
Get a monitor as a matter of fact.
We'll take the hydron.
Thank you.
That's right.
The Miami heat are used in those hydron products.
Maybe you've seen them advertised on QVC.
You know what that is, don't you?
I bet you do.
16 W I O T.
He couldn't believe that she was banging Walter.
Oh, I'm sorry.
111 17 and W.
While like I said, it would have been a nice secret.
And it would have been inside Joe Kages.
And nobody would know.
But he decided to make it a cause to let last night on the show.
And bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
That's basically all she talked about.
What you heard it.
I mean, I'm just, I don't get it.
I mean, if you want to establish credibility right off the bat.
The last thing you do is say you're sleeping with the boss or the consultant.
And basically whether you stink the joint out or not, you're going to be here because the consultant is, you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get too graphic.
He's consulting it.
We have an open line at day 6222 W I O D.
We have one in Broward 7679 463 767.
Don't forget tonight 6 to 9.
Oh, that's where we got basketball.
Well, ordinarily 6 to 9.
It's Brooke Daniels.
So we have, if she eats enough for drama, we have no problem with Brooke.
And the night to midnight, it's passion clones.
She won't be on tonight.
Who?
Brooke won't be on.
We got a basketball game.
Who won't be on?
Karen.
Why not?
I got to doubt.
Why not?
Because of the basketball game.
And she had something to do.
Is what I was told.
She had something to do.
This is only her second night.
And she had something to do.
Well, you know, when you together.
Wait a minute.
The game.
I threw it out.
But I know the game is a home game.
Right?
He'd are playing home tonight.
Detroit, I think.
So it's a home game.
So the game starts at 7 or 7 or 7.
30 to be over by 9.
30 basketball games.
Only last a couple of hours.
And she's not going to be here.
Because she's got C E.
I see this.
This tie in with what I just got through saying.
How do you start a job in the first night you come on for three hours and the next night?
Oh, well, it's only gonna be a somewhat short like two and a half hours short anyway, so I can't be here
I got something else to do. So who's gonna be on?
Ron bar sports byline
Oh
It's passion clones. We have an open-line at Broward 7679 463 767 WI that is just
I know I can smell it from here. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I got a letter from a Delphi cable yesterday they're changing the whole lineup
Yeah, and they had to drop a couple things because they had to put another shopping channel on a few more
Managed station right they're dropping action and playboy. They both suck anyway
Well, I mean for the Delphi that's the only thing they had yeah, not too much not too much pretty weak get a big dish
Listen, I like first and how the third he's pretty good. Okay, and happy for him. I got you down
Okay, they love the news guy by the way. You're all wrong. They love the news guy. They love him
Open line of date if they love him wait till they hear a passion clone so she's not gonna be on tonight
It was just kind of like a cameo last night and now she's gonna get some other material. That's amazing
I think we need a little consultation on oh, I'm sorry. Let's go to a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey, how are you great?
I'm amused
The baseball they all play a hundred spring games every year. They play a hundred spring training games and the regular schedules
Now been expanded since we have interleague play to 428 games. I just don't remember him playing so many spring games
I know they've been playing for a year already. Yeah
Yeah, and they keep winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning and winning way and it's still
Don't mean nothing yet. I'm out of loss about the Panthers. I don't they're not playing with any hard
No, they have no spark. They don't have it. They just I mean you can see it out there even now
They did play a great game against New Jersey. We played pretty good against Buffalo
But thank goodness Buffalo took the night off and other than that we don't play very many
Emotional games. We just don't have no no verb no drive no nothing and they just keep on winning and nobody's and still nobody cares
Yeah, could you play the Dave games for a song for me? Dave game. Yeah, we don't have it heard that in a while. Amen
If you want to see that
He weighs 500 pounds
He's a mile around Dave game
All right
He'll eat high for fried rice and plantain
Dave game
He's a trail with the hitch. He's quite the size of that rich
Dave game
And with all of that good he really shakes the earth
I like it
That is fast and just that's in the name
This is diet of Morgan we're taking you down to a special report from Dave game all you can eat buck's eggs
Are they his advertise day?
Thank you Diana. We're here at the local sizzler and have gone undercover
Uh, Dave undercover. That's right undercover. I'm approaching the all you can eat salad bar for the seventh time sir
Don't you think you've had enough? I thought this was a buffet. Yeah, but yeah, but nothing
You want to see you
Yeah, he's can't be
Took it fast eat so fast with no
Okay, that's it you eat almost everything
I'm not here let's go I've done I have an argument
I'm not done I'll call out some time
What 23 at W.I.D. never noticed that before with that was that doing a little improvisation there at the end
He's all over the place now. I guess we won't see who was that saying that Paxton song before that would be bad
We have an open line in the out of town line one triple eight four seven four nine four six three one triple eight four seven four Adam
Let's go to a mobile in Miramar hello. Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing great? Hey, have you seen the hour turn movie? No, I have not no
How do you feel you gonna check it out? No, I'm not we have an open line of dates. How do I feel?
I don't care
He's making 80 billion dollars more power to him and life goes on. Okay. How do I feel? Oh, I'm just wounded especially after yesterday
Oh, sorry six two two nine four six three six two two W.I.O.D. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Nail. Yes, sir
Good Friday to you back to you. Yes, I have two things in this good Friday one a theological question
Yes, you know how Jesus came down earth and was nailed up for all of our sins. Yes now they nailed them
They nailed them now and he died for for everyone since here now
Assuming of life on Mars to forget about Mars. What about on serious. Let's get serious
Well, wherever I that's where all these getch keys are going at the off themselves with Bill Cosby's putting
So Jesus dying on earth
Save the sins of the people on other worlds or you mean a Jesus has to die on each planet on each
Individual well you don't see him around here now do you that's because he's busy making cameo appearances elsewhere?
It's a big wide universe out there man
He's doing cameos. Yes, he is wow didn't you see he's over there on Washington Street that the cameo this weekend
I see wow extra security of course does that mean that each planet is gonna have a Pope of their own correct
So it it so that means because they're all under a lot of duress. Okay, we have an open line at Broward 7679 463 767
He's really reaching its stretch and yankin it, but I think he's got a point
610 W.I.O.D.
That don't worry. It's just a little gas
Why are you first?
Tonight get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking
Check out that speedo
He does fill it out nicely. Oh gosh. Oh god if he started it around
I'd like to give him out some out. Oh god. I'd like to save him
Oh gosh look at the torsfo
G. Watch tonight
Okay, we'll be watching for 130 and W.I.O.D. happy good Friday happy Easter Sunday happy roll in the eggs
Happy eating a lot of chocolate candy out there, which is making you very sick, but boy it tastes good
Happy Russell Stover chocolate eggs the dark chocolate filled with the raspberry filling that'd be my favorite
And don't send any over here. I'll kick you in the ass and don't be sending those smarties either. We're just smarty
That's right. I'm going on the atkins died for the next couple of hours
You better watch yourself in fact. I had a nice atkins lunch from our friends at Atlantic City subs
And it was great in fact. I think so, but it's uh, I was picking at it. You were picking on it. How about the food
So at any rate I'm going on this atkins that lose 800 pounds by the end of next week
Just to prove a point to certain smarty pants is out there a doctor with no name remember that song by America the doctor with no name
Or horses ass with no name
Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello
Lady in bokeh. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi Neil. How you doing great?
My husband listens to you all the time, but I never get to because I'm a teacher, but I'm off today
Right, and I wanted to make a couple requests
First of all, he told me that I need to learn my ABC. So I need to hear something called the abonix ABCs
Yeah, can you play that for me? I might okay and also Barney
You have a song about Barney. Barney takes a dump. Yeah, I think that's it. I'll work on it
Okay, thank you very much. I'll see you if Barney's eaten yet
Okay, all right. Thanks. Bye. Bye
All right, we play this again. You can't this is what you can't play too often. I'll be telling you that right now, okay?
Because all you young people out there if you'd be wanting to learn something if you want to be getting real real smart
I took a call from the abonix
They say the future be right for me now. I can't get snow job
Because I don't got no little recipe eyes talking like a no-need roll
You bondix taught me how to sway now. I can't do nothing
But my heritage say that's okay
Change my name to shoot roll drive a doos and a quarter any Cadillac
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman dear bar
Grind the blues about poverty
Why there was got snow job for the entire
So the bomb mixed with my life of change now
Got to go and sell more raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
Lordy what a bar in the song
Abonix makes me sound funny
Got nothing to do with literacy
Now I got to make more money
Labor food sounds good to me
I got plenty of nothing
Abonix ain't getting me anywhere
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch steal a push and pull her hair
Then I gonna take some money
My is thereio and a fridge your dad
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the Belman dear bar
Grind the blues about poverty
Why there was got snow job for the entire
So the bomb mixed with my life of change now
Ha ha ha ha
Got to go and sell more raccoca
Raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
raccoca
That would be a really bad break
So Adam, you know that Adam
What a heathen
What a degenerate
What a douchebag on on on on on a jute
What a jute
Jesus Christ for extra strength dexedron
When you're getting crucified
The last thing you need is a headache
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world sends weighing on your shoulders
Then some f**k gladiator sticks a spear on your side
Jesus Christ that hurts
So when this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head
That's when I reach for dexedron
Well I uh, I don't reach for it
Hey
Anybody got any dexedron?
Hey Judas could you throw a couple into my mouth?
Come on I'm the savior for Christ's sake
Extra strength dexedron
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear
Happy Easter
We have an open line in day at 622-9463
220 out of town lines
It's all a bunch of bubble miceys
Look at the bodies of those 39 pathetic bastards out there
And San Diego of all places
Got a too late
Too late for what
To catch the spaceship
They said
Yeah, not too late you better hop aboard
I think they were listening to Chris Moore
And make me want to blow my brains out
Hot dog hop aboard that spaceship
I'll ride Chris
The more I see him
So anyway two open lines on the atul-free
The worldwide the audio net
Not that I really care but it just uh
We didn't have that one call from Joja
We had a call earlier today from Joja
How do you like that?
That was it
That was a medley of our audio net lines today
And it's just uh you know kind of bizarre
It's kind of bizarre
Because we know you're listening up there in Waukegan
We know you're listening up there in Edobicoke
Or whatever the hell it is
Atoba Coke
Whatever they call it
That's where Don Sherries got his new team
How you doing?
Graves he's up there listening
Here's Liberty City
Hello
Liberty City
Is gone
Liberty City be gone
Okay, we have an open line in day
622-2 probably shut their phone off
Let's go to a Cooper City
Hello
Neil
Yes sir
You're smoking
Yes I am
Neil
On Italiano
Born a Pasqua
Born a Pasqua
Italiano for uh
Appi Easter
That's right
And what did you say at West George
The same thing
Pasqua
Pasqua
Pasqua
Born a Pasqua
Born a Pasqua
Okay
Listen
I just want to tell you one thing
Neil
I'm trying to help now
One comedy, Josie
But
But go ahead
Neil
I'm listening
When you do the Lorenzo deal
Yeah
Uh
The uh
The uh
Little uh honey balls
Right
Now
Maybe you would want to write this down
Strufoli
No
Strufoli
S
S
T
R
O
O
See the U is passed as a double O
It's in the emphasis is on the double O
Strufoli
Strufoli
Strufoli
Strufoli
Strufoli
Okay, I'll put it
I'll put an accent to over the top
Then they'll change the copy anyway
But I'll put the S S trufully
Strufoli
Strufoli
I like that
I like the way it's on
Don't you just love the way they attend
There's a certain sound
A certain little
A certain rhythm
How that attest trufully
I love it
Say
I love it
Mercholi D
You know like my
Erie
Winner D
My father-in-law was a boat jumper
And uh
The first time I said Struaberry in the tagging
I said Fragale
He says no
Fragile
Fragile
Fragile
Fragoli
You know a lot of times the accent is on the
Fragoli I know
I know from
Fragoli
I know uh
Melonsana
Eggplant
Right
Right
Melonsana
Right
Right
I know a few fruits in the tag
I know a few Italian fruits
It's a matter of fact my wife
She made this trufully last night
Right
We're taking over to my retarded brother-in-law
Okay
I hope she puts something good in there
Bond journal
Neil, Shameless request
Because it's
Easter week
How about
My
My favorite guy
Brotherhood week
Okay
Could you do that please?
You'll be getting it
Thank you for me
See ya
Bye
Bond journal
So anyway before we do that
I'll be back, kids
Stop
Pandas
Do I gotta go?
I'm gonna do it here
Hold on, the pants
oh
I'm in here. I'm in here. Busy right now.
Oh.
We'll be eh it
was STUP PANDAS.
I know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
All the white folks hate the black folks,
and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all,
but the right folks is an old established rule
but during national brother to each.
Lean a horn and sheriff Clark are dancing cheap to cheegus.
Fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
Older poor folks hate the rich folks,
and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as apple pie, but during national brotherhood,
national brotherhood, New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans,
cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand.
You can tolerate him if you try.
Older Protestants hate the Catholics,
and the Catholics hate the Protestants,
and the Hindus hate the Muslims,
and everybody hates the Jews but do.
Older National Brotherhood,
National Brotherhood,
who he gets,
National everyone smile at one and neverhood week.
Be nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only for a week, so have no fear.
Roll, be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
He covered just about everybody,
you know who he left out?
You'll that's me.
Okay, 142 at W-I-O-D.
610 W-I-O-D.
What's up, I'm Max!
And now this public service announcement about Sally Struthers.
For $90 you could close a child.
For $90 you could help fight cancer,
or you could feed Sally Struthers for a whole day,
for just $90.
I'm Sally Struthers.
Working with starving people like I do can make you pretty hungry.
And since there's not enough food to go around here,
my food has to be shipped in every day.
Your $90 will keep me fat and sassy
so I can set a good example for these skinny to-leaf the old fans.
Remember, it takes more than shoulder pads
and a big hairdo for Sally to do good work.
It also takes food.
Don't be a meathead.
Give us $90.
It'll feed Sally Struthers for a whole day.
Or Jeff Hyde or Dave Game.
Okay, we have an open line on the out of town line.
You won't get on the air because that's just the way it is.
Life ain't fair.
That's what Jimmy Carter said.
It ain't fair.
You ever see his family? That's living proof.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God in radio.
On Good Friday, how about Bill Calder?
Do you have any type of tape around you
that you can share with us from Bill Calder and yourself?
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
But when I listen to your show,
you make me smile like a child.
And you can help me get by my friend.
Mick Older on my radio.
Mick Older on my radio.
On my radio.
On my radio.
Mmm.
Mmm.
147, a W I O D. Happy Good Friday to you.
We're having a very reverent show here today, as expected.
And if you don't like it, too bad.
That's the way it goes.
If you want to be reverent, go to church,
put your unease on the floor and do something useful.
OK? Something that God will approve of.
Does he approve of anything?
Not too much these days.
He's getting pretty pissed off.
Here is the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, Godfather.
Yes, sir.
Oh, what a great thing about working for a glory.
You get the day off today.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I could have taken the day off. It's a company holiday.
Well, it's, it's easy.
But talk about being a hypocrite.
That would have been ugly.
Well, yeah, I just became Christian today.
So I can get the day off.
All right. He kept getting me.
Well, you can work today. I said no.
Nothing like being a Jew on you.
I'm Kipper and a Christian on Christmas and Easter.
Absolutely.
Anyway, I had a hockey question for you.
Yes, sir.
We can't call because I'm a work.
I was on vacation when Brian Murray made the trade with Kurt Mueller.
Yeah.
Kurt Mueller.
Kurt Mueller.
Thank you.
Not looking too good, by the way, Kurt.
I know that Uncle was bothering him.
But last night he was in a coma again.
He's not showing me too much anything.
Come on, Kurt. It's not the least no more.
This is a playoff team, man.
Let's get with it.
Yeah, but he's no Chris Wells.
Yeah, that's true.
Chris had a great game last night.
That's what I heard.
I was just wondering.
I wanted your opinion.
Do you think that Brian Murray is trying to make Kurt Mueller the next time Hagen?
All right.
I mean, Brian Scruel and the next time Hagen, you're out.
Yeah.
You're out.
Could be.
I'm just wondering about that because he was a leader at Toronto.
I'm a big leaf fan.
Living up in the air.
Now, come on.
Now, let's get serious.
You're saying Kurt Mueller was a leader on the leaves.
Yeah, he let us write down to where we are today.
And last place in the division.
Kurt Mueller didn't do nothing.
He was like a minus 8,000.
Yeah, but it wasn't completely his fault.
Yeah, I know.
I know, but Kurt Mueller.
I mean, he had his moments.
You know, I think you've been done cherry-eyes.
You know, because he's, because Kurt is from Kingston.
So, Cherry thinks that he's great.
Like everybody is from Kingston.
I mean, Doug, he'll more his great, okay?
But Kurt Mueller is, he runs hot and cold.
And you'll notice everywhere he goes, there's problems.
I'm not saying I don't like the trade because I think Padal is, uh,
okay, he had an assist for Leafs the other night tonight.
So, he's okay, but nothing special.
And so, it's a good deal if Mueller plays.
But I mean, if he doesn't upgrade from last night.
And the Buffalo game, I weren't trouble.
Right, I agree.
I have a lot of him who was.
Too much CBC.
I do have the dish and everything.
Yeah.
Anyway, I do have one strange request.
Yes, sir.
I lived in Cleveland for a few years.
And I turned a lot of people on to you.
In fact, I had some friends down last week when I took my vacation.
They were down.
And we were listening.
I was just wondering, as a strange request,
could you relate to story about when you were living in Michigan,
how you went to Northfield down on that guarantee,
horse you had?
Could you relate that over the air?
To Northfield Park.
To Northfield Park, yeah.
Right.
Could you relate to that?
Well, with somebody gave us, in fact,
there was somebody who was a jockey at DRC in the daytime.
And there was a girl who was a friend of a friend of mine.
And she was dating the jockey.
And he said, a friend of mine is driving a horse at Northfield Park in Cleveland.
And I called Mr. Z.
And this horse is going to win.
He's going to be like seven or eight to one.
So, we left.
We made our picks at Hazel Park that night and left with our friends,
money to bet on the horses, and Hazel, all of which, by the way, lost.
They were nowhere.
We get in the car and Detroit in the afternoon.
We drive all the way to Cleveland at Northfield Park,
which I remember just west of the city, I believe.
Just east.
Or just east, just outside of the city, anyway.
We go all the way there.
And it's like in about the sixth or seventh race.
Now, the first five races, I pick four out of the five winners.
Okay, but I'm hardly, I'm betting almost nothing,
because I'm saving my big plunge for Mr. Z.
Right.
All these other horses are coming in four to one, five to one,
seven to two.
Pretty good prices.
I'm betting like almost no money at all.
Now we go to the window.
Mr. Z opens at six to one.
It's the one horse.
I'll never, this is 20 years ago.
26 years ago.
Now he goes to five to one.
And we're going to the window a little at a time.
We don't want to knock the odds down too much.
So there's four of us.
We're going to the window of betting 20 here, 20 there,
because we don't want to knock it down too much.
We met the horse down to three to one.
He gets away from the start of the race, fourth.
He sits on a real fourth.
He finished fourth, and we can drove home.
Neil.
All the way from Detroit to Cleveland to lose our ass.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks Neil.
See you.
Then I came down here at Mr. Z, of course.
Member Mr. Z, the limo driver.
Talk about a pain in the ass.
It was an omen.
I knew in my life Mr. Z was a loser all the way around.
Then we wound up with Lenny the limo driver.
Oh my god.
You know who he was close buddies with, don't you?
Woo!
Oh, brother.
Brooke.
I mean, what's your name?
So what do you think Brooke makes of this new situation there?
The Walter Sabo S.
And then he says also last night that he's going to be moving down here very soon.
Just remember, just remember what I told you, okay?
Remember in the godfather he says, whoever comes to you with this meeting, that's the traitor.
Walter Sabo is the chigger in the wood pile.
She's in the building by the way.
Oh, Karen.
Yeah.
Welcome to season the building now.
She ain't going to be on the air tonight.
Or is that a mistake on your part?
Is he going to be on the air tonight?
No.
She's, you're positive about that.
That's what I was told.
No passion clones?
Okay, here's Miami and a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a story for you.
What are you like inside the engine?
I think the space ship's taken out.
Woo!
Hello!
Hello!
Okay, over and out.
He's on a way to, uh, he's serious.
Here's, uh, enjoy the, uh, putting by the way.
Here's, hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Is this all request radio?
Yes.
Come on, Linda.
Let's go.
What is it?
How about laying off the hockey?
Yeah, how about laying on this?
Here's, uh, how about hockey in China?
The show's almost over.
How about laying off the hockey?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Man with nothing to say in no material.
Just a little cute sound effects and out well done, either.
Okay.
Very poorly done.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why is he to the one holiday?
He keeps bouncing around.
You don't know if it's March or April.
Same with Paisa.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm not Jewish.
Well, why not?
Uh, what are you anti-Semitic?
Uh, don't trust, don't trust knives.
Okay.
Around those lowest parts.
Uh-huh.
You know, what are you saying?
You're not circumcised?
That's correct, sir.
You are not circumcised?
No.
I have no force, can you?
Oh my god.
I'm just, I'm just a goi.
Never, my parents didn't take me down there.
Now, I'm about to do it at this age.
Okay.
Um, we call this cult.
This thing a cult in San Diego.
Yeah.
But if Dan and Paul Krouch got on TBN,
told them, make up some magical aid.
Yeah.
You think we'd have a few dead people around?
Five million, probably.
And because...
What a blessing that would be.
Let's try it this weekend.
Let's see if it works.
Because one time they were on there,
talking about how one of their new satellites going up
was one of the angels foretold in Revelation.
Right, that's right.
In fact, I think Pat Boone could win his good graces
back into the fold of he be the first one to sit
from the cup this weekend.
Oh, yeah.
By the way, with baseball season coming up,
you're going to take a gang or any of the couple of games.
Maybe.
Because you get the Marlins and the old cubbies coming up.
You never know.
Too bad we're not playing the Tigers, though.
Oh, yeah, because...
Well, I guess what?
They just put the game to pick the interest of people,
you know, Yankees and they have like cross-down rivalries.
Orioles, yeah.
Well, what about the, what the owner of the White Talks
is doing, picking off the Cubs fans.
By doing one.
If you want to go to the White Talks games,
you got to fight four other tickets,
three other tickets for other White Talks games.
Oh, nice.
And I have two and a little packet.
So the Cubs fans will say, Scrum.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay, pal.
Oh, yeah.
Can you play, come a lot?
Let's go to...
Let's go to a poppano.
Hello.
Father Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Uh, circumsides Canadian.
All right.
Now we're talking.
I have no force, can you?
Hey, listen, I was watching the game last night,
and uh, the batter's murmur, like my second favorite team.
Yeah.
I didn't like seeing Ottawa win.
You know, it's nice to see that Tina's been sucking for so many years,
you know, play Appdease and Frachange.
They played circles around his last night.
Yeah, I thought I enjoyed watching it last night.
Title first, he and that Alfredson kid in Yashin,
they ran circles around his last night all night long.
Yeah, it's nice to see the underdog win for a change.
I didn't mind watching that.
Oh, they like smoking Boston.
That's a surprise this year.
Yeah.
And leafs, well, that's a surprise.
Another big tie last night, 61 points, baby.
We're doing it.
We're not going to finish last.
Denny Pothan, eat your heart out because the islanders
are going to get that number one draft pick.
In fact, it looks like we're going to finish no worse than third from last.
Third, you mean?
And we're only like one point behind the Kings.
We could finish Fort from last.
How do you like that?
Beautiful stuff.
Amen.
Can I have my request?
If we got time.
Now, let's take sauce one you got.
Let's talk that's what's called.
OK.
Thank you.
See you.
Now, by the way, is that in here?
I'm sure it's not.
I'm going to check though to be a hot non-salt.
Oh, there it is.
New from Bobco Foods.
It's the all-new taste enhancing palate pleasureing wonder sauce,
just in time for barbecue season.
It's gay one steak sauce.
Pile it on.
Your taste buds will thank you.
Whether you're having a rump roast or a thick hearty tube steak,
gay one makes it better.
My bottom-round roast was the hit of the party.
And my tube steak goes down easy thanks to gay one steak sauce.
Gay one steak sauce is not available in stores.
Just call 1-800 gay sauce and we'll drop it.
Two full of gay sauce right in your mailbox.
Are you on a diet?
Gay one steak sauce is low in calories.
But high in protein.
Gay one steaks sauce.
Packin' in the flavor.
Now, we're going to do that.
See, the consultant is going to let us,
our us critique of passion clones.
So anyway, so she's not working tonight.
Did she tell you why?
She going to...
Bob pizza for everybody.
I'm having somebody taste her right now.
Just remember the one who comes to you with this pizza.
That's the Chigarine Woodpile.
157.
Hey, welcome to W-I-D, Aaron K.
Whatever your name is, okay?
And cut it out.
