6th-hand WIOD, Neil Rogers, while your goofing off it worked.
Yeah. 6th-hand WIOD.
You call this big market radio?
Hey, don't, hey, don't.
Right night, come and I won't go home.
Chocolate pudding, but I'll feel.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
Suicide mon, it can kill.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me of the body.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me of the body.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
6th-man, 7th-man, 8th-man, 10th.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
6th-man, 7th-man, 8th-man, 10th.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, right night, come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me of the body.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
A beauty for bunch, a purple sun.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
See this spirit in the clouds.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
6th-man, 7th-man, 8th-man, 10th.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
6th-man, 7th-man, 8th-man, 10th.
Right night, come and we won't go home.
Hey, Mr. Corridor, right night, come and we won't go home.
This is down, the last of these.
This is down, the last of these.
And I'm sure you will agree.
They've lost money, I've done everybody.
Big Brian Dorn crosses came to fame.
Was hanging in the clouds as when Andrew came.
But when we get a soft summer breeze,
he can so high perfect the latest like that sexist sleep.
This is down, the last of these.
This is down, the last of these.
And I'm sure you will agree.
They've lost money, I've done everybody.
Okay, the sky is falling, baby. Make no mistake about it.
The sky is falling.
Absolute hysteria.
I leave here yesterday. I get in the car and I hear Rick and William Jones puffing the turret.
And they're talking about this twister and about it's on TV and take a look at these pictures.
And there is no question about it.
Just look at the front of the sun, Santa Claus morning.
There it is, pretty goddamn impressive if I say so myself.
Amazing, but, but yet another opportunity for certain incredibly irresponsible people on here.
I don't want to mention no names, you understand.
Certain hysterical butterflies on the air.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
like the world is coming to an end.
The sky is absolutely falling.
I mean you talk about milking something big time.
I wanted to give you the real thing here.
Well thank you so much, Brian.
He was on here on Channel 4. I'm going to tell you.
He was at least 45 feet off the ground, 10 feet more than usual.
I mean he was just floating like a hummingbird and he, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I just over it, over it, over it, over it again.
And it was like a pissing contest among the all the channels on it to see which one could show you this twister.
More, I guarantee even in the movie twister they never showed anything as many times as this.
Over and over again.
Did anybody get hurt? Did anybody look seriously, seriously hurt?
No.
I mean was it like the end of the world?
No.
And did anybody really understand what this was all about? This act of God?
No.
I want you to stop and think about it, okay?
Because the God of the Jews and the Christians is always kind of like screwing up.
You know, he's kind of inept.
He means well, well maybe he don't mean well, but whether he means well or not, he's always screwing up a little bit.
And he was so pissed off when he got some bad information,
when he's busy, you've got to understand this. He's all over the place handling a lot of things.
But the word was that the heat next game was here in the arena last night, not in New York.
And as an act of his, to show his wrath, to carry out the wrath of the heat fans,
the Lord put this tornado right down there downtown, not only close to the arena,
but if you look on the front page of the Sun Sentinel, there is, look at that.
From Pier 55 in the port of Miami, there's one of those big cruise ships.
I wonder who owns that one.
Just a stone's throw, just a rock's throw from this gigantic big black ugly twister.
So not only did he get the wrong information or where the heat game was,
but he also like it was a little bit off.
But hey, came pretty damn close, scared the crap out everybody.
It was a message for Mickey Harrison is what it was.
A message for that goddamn Mickey Harrison is what it was.
We got new phone numbers by the way today. We're not really sure why.
In Broward 733, WYOD in day 755, WYOD.
The purple lines are same, the other timelines are the same.
We got brand new Dayton Broward numbers.
And whoever calls in Dayton Broward, it's going to be the very first ones on WYOD with these new numbers.
Wow, you can write that in your diary.
Ah!
Along with this very important information.
You know, I brought up that thing about the heat ticket prices yesterday.
And nobody wanted to play the game yesterday.
Period. Because they were all busy thinking the world was coming to an end.
Wait a minute, here it is. WYOD.
Yeah, can I start the meal please?
Our first call on the new number on the day line.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Oh my god, you realize what an important call is this sir?
Yes.
You've made it.
Yeah, your life now has meaning.
Thank God, I'm glad I got through.
There you go.
Hey, I'm going to say George Rodriguez is the best guy in the world.
No question about it.
Because remember that punk I won the edge of an ASCII punk?
Right, and I got it two days later.
All right, he's on, he's quick.
He's quick.
It's what his wife says a little bit too quick, but he's quick.
And I love you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Have a good day.
And back to you.
Bye.
Okay, there's a happy camper right there.
Now, which one should I take and brow?
Should I do four?
Don't touch him.
They're all flashing off, frantically, because the audience is trying out.
It's like a game.
And by the way, speaking numbers, here's the number for you.
80.
80.
Okay, since these packs and people are can't keep his straight answer,
they lie, lying is like a way of life with them.
So it looks like there's a possibility that I may actually be stuck here
through the 30th of September, which is the last possible day.
So I took the Jewish calendar, which on the wall over here coincidentally,
I think it's another act of God.
It only goes through September, right through September 30th.
You know what, that George?
September 30th is the last day on our Jewish calendar on the wall.
I think it's another act of God, dammit.
And so anyway, I just tallied up taking out vacations and no sick days yet.
But there could be a lot of those.
But taking out vacations, 80 shows after today on WIOD for us.
Max, that's the max.
That's a lot.
80?
Piece of cake.
Oh, I didn't say max, did I?
He's gone.
But at any rate, so 80, we can count them down together.
You know, we got that in sip and rejoin, one of many.
The one that really kills me is, feel our pain.
Feel our, yeah, feel our pain.
I'll write every time I hear that I'm feeling pain.
I got such a twisting in my head.
Every time I hear these rejoins.
But at any rate, write that down on your calendar right now after today.
Max, 80 shows for Uncle Neil and George on WIOD, max.
Since these vacations want to play the game.
Well, we have a right to keep them off the air out the fall.
But great, fine, great.
Good luck to you, okay?
So I'll start the other joint, Janie, where the first great way to break in the new year.
But in the meantime, have a little Ross Monter, so they don't have any.
They don't even understand what that means, he's stupid, go ahead.
Okay, our first call and Broward on the new line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir, there you go.
Yes.
All right.
Your life is worth living now, sir.
Yes, it is.
Put this day down in your diarrhea.
Yes, so Neil, you've got so 80 is the magic number for you.
Right.
Yes.
And it's very interesting now because that now you're on the 73-dri-exchange up here.
Yeah.
Dave, I remember the light bulb used to be a 73-dri-no.
Oh my God, leave it to this guy to finger this out.
It's a Paxon plot.
They're turning us into light bulbs, Jr.
That's right.
I wouldn't be surprised if Steve came on here like any day now.
That's right.
When is schuygens going to start average night?
Schuygens is going to be out with Mark Scheinbaum, that's right.
All right, Neil.
I'll see you.
Hey, you want your schuygens coupons?
Sure.
Okay, hold on.
All right.
Anybody want to go to schuygens with Mark Scheinbaum?
All right.
By the way, yesterday I was like, well, I guess all of us were kind of a deep funk yesterday.
And the guy called about that traffic right off the vet.
I had a few calls about the traffic thing.
And I was saying it was the Sun-Senthal.
Well, see, I don't read the Sunday thing anyway.
The magazine, which is sunshine in the Sun-Senthal, traffic is in a herald.
And if I were to know that right off the vet, which I should have known,
since they were sucking around with Dave Berry in the Sun-Senthal, wouldn't do that,
it was the herald with another self-aggrandizing piece, the good guys like Dave Berry,
who just happens to work for the herald.
And the bad guys like Neil Rogers, who's, we got his head in an alligator,
who sucks and blows, even though we can quote chapter in verse, everything he says on here.
If I were to know, it was the herald, I wouldn't have wasted my time.
It was the same herald that up until today, by the way, since they're in bed with Mickey Ererson,
and they have common interest in raping the public in Dave County,
it was the same herald who up until today, very nonchalantly,
missed this whole big story about the ticket prices.
And finally today, finally today, because everybody else in the media is carrying on like crazy,
including Dave Joseph, nice going Dave, another great column by Dave Joseph of the Sun-Senthal,
and even an editorial in the Sun-Senthal today, just excoriating Mickey Ererson,
these grave robbers with a heat.
How many people after last night's debacle are going to be lined up from here to Oca,
from Ocala to go see the goddamn heat for $5 million tomorrow night, huh?
What a disgrace, what a sham and a scam.
Sam, the scam and a sham.
Unbelievable, raping the public out there.
And here you've got these freaks, these freaks of nature like Alonzo Morning,
who's about 9'10", who dunks the ball looking downward into the basket.
And anyway, this guy's making $16 million this year,
couldn't make a free throw if you're stuck in Oozia, pizzazz.
And these guys, oh, you got to pay the increased ticket prices,
because these guys are making a big money,
and they make more money for the playoffs, right?
So the public is expected to be raped out there, and pillaged and looted these poor working bastards,
who I'm not talking about guys like me that are making a few bucks.
I'm talking about these poor guys with real jobs out there,
that work morning, noon, and night, some of them sick,
some of them seven days a week to try to make ends meet,
to try to stick it where the moon don't shine.
And what does the heat turn around and do?
They stick it right up, deep inside your...
Correct, that's right.
The great heat, which you've given nothing but service to the public,
for ever since they came to this town,
ever since they darkened our door, if you pardon that expression.
Is that a racist thing? You bet.
How about a white man's four?
When does hockey start again here for Christ's sake?
Oh, we got some more coming up. Yeah.
Thank God. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
For the Fox people, we had to push the next round back the semi-final
just to make the Fox people happy,
so they put that blowing glowing thing on there again,
and it pressed everybody.
Look at these lines, Flash, your man.
The audience is like, into it now. They got a new...
They got a new play toy. They got new phone numbers that might actually work.
W-U-I-O-D on a mobile. Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Great. Same old mobile number, though.
Yeah, I know.
That's okay.
Yeah, that's what down I would do. Yes?
I was just going to say, you know, when the heat loses,
we don't get a rebate.
That's right.
You know?
How about after last night's game, they had a slash,
the prices by 90% and say, hey, we're going to give you a bunch of money
because we suck and we choke.
Yeah. Even Eddie, the Pope said they choked it.
It's terrible.
And that was before last night's game.
How all these pro teams slapped the fans that supposedly support them in the face?
Yeah, and then I'm reading about the NBA policy of all these other teams.
You know, the guy called yesterday and it was a little bit skeptical,
because I couldn't believe it.
But the other NBA teams, I mean, they announced it ahead of time,
at least they don't do it like in the middle like the heat did.
But they announced ahead of time that, oh yeah,
it was the further we go along and the playoffs,
the higher the prices are going to be.
What kind of a scam is that?
What kind of a ripoff is that for these multi-million dollar paid goons?
These are literate freaks of nature.
What is that?
Well, I say this bandy NBA now.
The fourth to late.
You get to see Dennis Rodman and drag.
Yeah, there you go.
Like I said, our rest of my case, you made it for me.
Thank you so much.
And have a great life.
Dennis Rodman, we need, right?
Like we need a loss in cup as they say in the Ukraine.
Like we need a loss in cup, baby.
Like we need another loss right next to our...
Correct them.
Right.
Man, oh man, oh man, oh shabbat.
Fans catch heat in flagrant foul editorial in the goddamn Sun
Centennial Day, okay?
Dave Joseph with the column, even at little puts that
puttwacker Craig Gregg Cotex in the herald deceiving its fans.
That's the heat ticket as Mickey Erison once again.
First they raped us the whole Dave County and especially the city of Miami.
And he got the mayor and my mayor penis in his pocket.
Anybody out there got a penis in your pocket?
There you go.
He sure has.
Mickey Erison, he's got a penis in his pocket.
It's Alex the penis, the mayor of Dave County, who pledged that he wouldn't go along with his
thing.
He would be the one guy that would stand up and all of a sudden he laid right down and spread him big time.
He laid down, rolled over and spread him with a smile on his puss that Julio bastard.
Ten-fifteen at WIOD, mobile one said, said it to the network, is breaking all the rules, man.
80 shows in counting.
I can see now that we got a reduced to a real number.
Even though it's a fairly large number, it's like being on death row.
It's like he keeps scratching him off and sooner or later, or is it the other way around.
Anyway, mobile one said the network has breaking all the rules for a very limited time.
Mobile one is offering their multi-line corporate rate to individuals with only one or two phones,
whether they be digital or analogue.
That's right, you don't need 100 employees and 25 cellular phones to qualify for this mighty
low corporate rate of only 1495 a month and only 32 cents a minute peak time.
Plus you can add unlimited night and weekend calling for as little as 495 a month.
With Bell South and AT&T you're getting ripped off, you're getting raped, you're paying 1995 a month,
and 49 cents a minute.
They're charging you 46% more every month.
So unless you're a billionaire, unless money doesn't matter to you.
In real numbers you want to save some serious bucks here's the way to do it with mobile one.
They'll save you 54 cents on every two-minute call, digital or analogue.
The call of day it starts saving right away.
We're talking 20, 40, 50, maybe a lot more every month.
1-800-phone-M1, but this special offer ends soon.
So you better hurry and get right on it today.
Pick up the phone and call 1-800-phone-M1 for mobile one.
6-Tam-W-Y-O-D, weeknights.
And more important, what is it about people that are so miserable that they kind of feel like they've got to say that they've met OJ Simpson?
Now this is one thing.
Wow, it just was 20 years ago and is still playing with the bills.
Alright fine, that's cool.
Now it's like disgusting.
Let me get you set up, we'll do the world tour.
We'll start off with Charlie, man, so we'll work our way down.
Rock, nails, 6-Tam-W-Y-O-D, wonderful aisle of dementia.
6-Tam-W-I-O-D.
So much UI-O-D.
And now, the sound of Pamela Lee breastfeeding on the set of Baywatch.
Oh, it's good.
Listen, great stuff, Alan.
Oh, it's good stuff.
10-19 at W-I-O-D.
Mickey Arison is the anti-Christ.
Make no mistake about it.
And by the way, I believe nobody's ever going to tell me the real story on this.
I believe that the great ski Anderson, probably one of the best hawks you'll have heard of in my life.
I think he was blown out of here.
I don't think he resigned to go back to Indiana.
He was going to buy a house here.
Don't buy a house.
He was going to buy a house here.
And all of a sudden, he comes on here Sunday morning and mysteriously after he, just before the heat game comes on here,
he castigates and chastises the unmentionedable one, King Weasel, as Dave Joseph calls him to pay for this morning.
Mickey Arison, for raping the fans with these unconscionable ticket increases.
And all of a sudden, guess what?
The next day, we get an announcement. He's gone.
He resigned to go back to Indiana with our Dean Taylor.
How do you like that?
With a banjo on his thing.
I don't buy it.
I think that he was blown out of here because he had the audacity, the Hutzba, the balls to go on here, and the RIP King Weasel.
That's right. That's exactly what I'm going to tell you.
Dave Joseph should get a Pulitzer Prize, the Congressional Medal of Honor, and a million dollars in cash for his column in the Sun Sentinels of the Day.
The editorial page is pretty good too.
Fans catch heat in flagrant foul, which I won't waste my time reading that.
It's pretty good.
But it's nothing like Dave Joseph's column.
Forget about Greg Cotex and Harold. They got no credibility anyway.
They tried to hide this till they figured out everybody was pissed off and they better write about it.
Saturday, Sunday, Monday, three days, they said nothing about it.
All of these, it was a very, very carefully announced bid like, oh yeah tickets go on sale.
They knew about the price increase. They knew people were getting raped.
Everybody else was writing about it.
And finally, very late, too late to have any credibility as usual.
The hero jumps on the bandwagon with a Greg Cotex article, which says, where is it?
Which says, deceiving its fans, that's the heat ticket.
And they got tons of stuff about cheap hardly and about the most expensive opera dex seats in the whole NBA.
And yada yada yada.
And I'm going to tell you, even those of you who don't care about the heat, which is most of us, or basketball or the arena,
I want you to stop and think about this, okay?
All of the things that we are lacking, that this whole thing with the arena and the port of Miami,
and no casino gambling in South Florida. Why?
Because of the greed of one man.
Because his casino industry, man, his casino industry, which exists off shore on his cruise ships,
would crumble to the ground, this multi-billion dollar empire,
would write down to the bottom of the Atlantic and the Caribbean if we had casino gambling here.
There is a one sucker that would get off the airport and go to those stupid cruise ships and get seasick
and puke their guts out over the goddamn railing into the ocean if we had casinos on land here.
Don't forget the great food on those ships.
That's the great food. Well, it's what I'm talking about, puke in your gut set.
After you have the great food, you had a couple of drinks to try to notice that the ship is rocking back and forth
and you can't figure out, is it because you're puke from the food or is it because the seas are really choppy or whatever it is?
Or you're getting raped and ripped off.
King Weasel, man, for the Erison family, them and Miami-Herald own date county.
They own this goddamn town and they're the reason we don't have casino gambling.
And that's the reason traffic magazine takes every shot they can in the aradgers.
Because here's the one guy that gets on the air. It isn't afraid to open up a big push.
And isn't going to be sent on a bus pack in the end of dammit.
In the end, it's so bad. I once lived in Howland, the end. It's not too bad.
Compared to this place.
But at any rate, I mean, this is such a scandal. It is so outrageous.
Here's here's Papa Tettle that air with his $9 billion in Israel.
No taxes. Here's the cruise lines, all of which are ships registry to some other goddamn country paying no taxes to the US.
Here's all of these so-called tourists getting off the UCM every time you come into the airport for Lauderdale or Miami.
And here's all these guys with their signs waiting for these big groups of suckers waiting to get hurted like sheep onto these cruise ships.
Never stop and spend a dime in this town. They never stop here at stay in a hotel.
They never stop here and buy a newspaper. They never stay here and spend one stinking rotten goddamn penny in this town.
So Mickey Erison and the other great robbers can stick them on their cruise ships and then once they get three miles outside the limits,
then it's okay to go and plunge your brains up.
And they got slot machines which are evil on land, but they're okay on cruise ships.
Okay? We keep hearing from Bobby Butterworth and Lawton Child.
Oh, slot machines, it's evil! We can't have those slot machines!
Don't tell me why I have no idea. I guess poker is okay, but slot machines are evil. It's the work of the devil.
Satan likes the slot machines, okay? He gets off every time he hears that thing's spinning around and the machine too.
But it's okay once you get three miles outside of the territorial or whatever the hell it is, the US thing limits,
and you're out there in international waters and nobody's got any, nobody can tell you what to do out there.
Then it's okay, then it's great. Then the devil's looking the other way, I guess.
I mean, you talk about a hypocritical bunch of horse crap, okay?
And now this guy, after feeding a bunch of sewage to the public here and ripping off the public with this arena,
that's going to cost you for date taxpayers hundreds and hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, thousands of my ass, millions of dollars,
over the next 10 years, which was told to the public, and how about that election night, huh?
Anybody remember that? Oh, we forget real fast. How the results flip flop there real quick,
and how they got the wording on a ballot backward, so nobody could understand it.
I'm not saying they ram-rided this thing through.
Much. And then all of a sudden the new mayor who campaigned against the thing, well, he changed it, he had a change of heart just before the election.
He made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Oh, yeah, Mickey's spending all the money to build his own arena right.
The fact that it's going to cost the day taxpayers millions and millions and millions of dollars over the next many, many years,
well, we can't be bothered to worry about that. It's going to be great.
And here's these freaks of nature like I said, making millions. Here's a guy making $16 million for Christ's sakes.
ought to be embarrassed to take the check.
ought to be humiliated and degraded.
And here's the same-herald and traffic magazine right in about the money that I'm supposed to be making,
which they made the numbers up by the way. Some more power to them. They're all bent out of shape about that.
They don't- nobody has the list of the show. Okay, it doesn't cost you anything to listen to the show. It's free.
But if you want to go see a bunch of freaks playing basketball, it's going to cost you a big, big bucks now, man, to see them lose the last game of the series, which it will be.
Unfreak and believable and unacceptable, Mickey Eerson. Shame on you. And shame on the politicians that suck at your feet.
And we know about the harrow really need to talk about them.
A bunch of great robbers raping this public for as long as they've been able to. A bunch of virulent anti-Semites.
There were disgrace to the human race. And of course, then we had the Miami news years ago, which they managed successfully to as their stepchild siphon out of business so they could have their own monopoly in Dave County.
Two million people in Dave County, we got one newspaper that the public has to rely on for their propaganda for their bull crap. And that's exactly what it is.
Unbelievably and that whole scenario that went down while everybody else was sleeping while the public back here was worried about the early burdeners and about lottery tickets, whatever the hell they're worried about in this time, which I can't figure out while all this was going on, everybody's looking the other way.
While the public is being had.
And now this guy comes along and has got the hootspa and this this folksman of his man unbelievable.
Unbelievably comments about well, you know, we're just trying to counteract the scalpers scalpers my ass if you sold the tickets at fair prices, they'd all be gone already anyway.
Oh no, but if the scalpers are going to make big bucks like the article about up in New York, they're 13 hundred bucks for two tickets or whatever the hell was, what we do.
So if the scalpers do, we can say, well, they're bad people, they're ripoff artists. So okay, we expect scalpers to rape the public, but you don't expect the team to rape the public.
That's the point. Oh, we better get the money out of me for the scalpers. Do that's basically what this guy's saying because those nine billion dollars evidently aren't enough.
When billionaires start raping you people, that's when you should say up your ass.
Anybody in this town that renews their heat tickets for next season, man, you must be out of your mind.
Anybody who's not, what do they, what do they call these other people? We're one of the are there's about 400 articles on here.
It must be in the hero thing. The comment that they made about the fair weather fans who aren't the season ticket holders, but just show up there in the playoffs.
I guess their money doesn't spend, huh? I guess their money doesn't smell right. It's not the right color, right, Mickey?
So all of you people, all you fair weather people that don't show up all the time because you can't afford the baggage for season tickets.
But maybe we'd like to go to a game that has a little bit of significance perhaps or supposed to, they don't give a crap about you.
You're just a bunch of tag along so that you deserve to be let their animals anyway. Let them lose their souls.
That's what they're saying to you, okay?
This is one of the biggest disc races ever to hit this town, man, and it is all over the place. It's on every newspaper it's on.
It had a toilet page, even a goddamn hero like I said can't restrain themselves. They have to jump onto bandwagon because it's indefensible and unconscionable.
Like I said, let's go. Marlins.
Oops. 1028 at W.I.D.
Speaking of that, May Marlins fans Sunshine Networks 50s. The Marlins coverage continues tonight.
What a segue. Nice going. Thank you.
The defending National League Champion Atlanta Braves are in town featuring Chipper Jones, Kenny Lawton, and a bunch of lovely guys and a staff of Sion winners too.
Jim Leeland's Marlins featuring Bobby Bonilla, Gary Schiffield, who's hitting over 220 now, Moishie, Lou and Jeff Konai.
The road to the pen and go through Atlanta, you better believe that and the Marlins have their sights set on the division leading Braves.
Sunshine Network will showcase 14 Marlins games this month so in May if you're looking for the Marlins, look to Sunshine Network and guess what it won't cost you a penny to watch it either.
The same place you'll find the Atlantic Division Champion, Miami Heat, the National Champion Florida Gators and the Florida State Semitals.
Watch the Marlins face the Braves tonight on Sunshine Network starting at 730 and see why Sunshine be the leader in Florida Sports coverage.
I'm having a listen for Neil Rogers.
So can people believe this crap, you know what? There are other opinions.
But not for long.
610.
W.I.O.D.
I'm dying on the hand. I didn't know he was dead.
The sound of Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy having sex.
The sound of March and Homer Simpson having sex.
How about the sound of Mickey Erson and Mayor penis having sex? That'll be coming up next.
So to speak, 1032 at W.I.O.D. we got brand new numbers now, Broward 7333 W.I.O.D. and Day 755 W.I.O.D. and the others remain the same.
Here's Fort Lauderdale on the mobile. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir. You're on fire this morning.
Yes I am. I'm pissed off man. I'm so sick and tired of this town having to be held back because of a greedy bunch of billionaires who want everything for themselves.
Now I know I don't care about basketball.
Yeah. Screw it.
Did you have to see the press conference last night with Riley?
No I did not.
I just asked why the hell would I watch that crap?
Well I've not but you would intentionally have seen it maybe flapping through the channels.
I don't know. I caught the like about 10 seconds of it on Howard's darn this morning with they were playing because he was such a baby.
He was just outright crying, cutting the team down so he had never seen such a poor performance.
They choked and he walked out.
Oh.
Must be contagious. Must be going around here.
Yes.
Yeah. Team three rubbing off.
They're all whining and crying.
Well thanks for the good news pal.
When does the hockey start up again?
This hopefully soon.
We have an open line on a purple line, pound IOD, the mobile one line.
We have two and Broward, 733 WIOD.
I better check those out to the numbers.
733 WIOD and one in day, 7559 463.
I want some emotion out of this crowd today.
I don't want another dead head day here today.
I want some emotion out of these people who have lived here and seen all of this and are getting a little bit ticked off who have had it up to their ears already.
Just sitting back and watching mercilessly as a group of money grabbers just continue controlling every goddamn thing that goes on in this town for their own selfish interests.
This place could be paradise man.
We could actually have living and breathing people here again.
Instead of this bogus tourist industry based on a bunch of cheap fraud Canadians and a bunch of illegal aliens whafting up on a shore and that's a pass us off as something going on here positive.
This could be a place.
This could be paradise.
But what do we got?
We got a bunch of, we got one, we got one newspaper in Dave County that believes everything's got to be in their own interest, which they stand to make millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars.
Even when they push through this whole downtown redevelopment thing there down on the Bayfront for Mickey Erison and his cruise ships.
Unbelievable. One of the biggest scams in history and everybody in this town just sits back there and let them let them like that.
That's the reason this town is the way it is is because nobody is involved. Nobody gives a flying crack.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Yes sir.
He just called, said he heard Pat Riley crying on the Howard Stern show.
Yeah.
He wasn't smart enough to figure out that was a rerun. He was crying about the New York next losing.
No.
Howard's in con.
Doing his deal.
Yeah.
Well, anyway.
Meaning what?
Well, in other words, it was the whole thing was a tape?
Yeah.
Well, don't tell this guy. Just ruin his whole day.
I know.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward.
7339-463. Very good. I'm getting the numbers right here today. Of course, I never knew that I never remember as the other ones.
So it was a good deal.
Now maybe I can work on these.
80 days.
Oh my God.
Around the world in 80 days.
That's a great idea. I just have what a promotional thing.
We can go out and take the show on the road.
Neo Rogers around the world in his last 80 days in IOD.
And we can do the show like maybe from Monte Carlo tomorrow.
We can join Howard in cans.
This.
Yeah.
And we can do the show. Of course, that would cost a lot of money. We shouldn't want to do that.
We don't want to spend any of buddy buds radio money and TV money because he's got to go out and buy a lot more stations.
So a lot more people can lose their jobs like that TV station in New York yesterday.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
What's up, Jackson? God.
Oh, Jesus. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello, dear.
Yes, sir.
Two things. I'm Mickey Aris. You can take a slow cruise right in as a basketball.
And show up right up at Pechus.
Yeah.
Show it up here. Talk us, Mickey.
Talk it. Yeah.
I can't afford to go to the show.
I can't afford to go to the show.
I don't know that even if I could, I wouldn't go.
Right. And the second thing.
God was really cool yesterday.
First off the tornado and the windlass was the guiding light either.
Yeah. How do you like that?
I go home to watch the guiding light.
And we missed most of it because the Brian Orcrus is on there repeating the same crap over and over and showing that video.
If they didn't show that video of that funnel thought six thousand times between three and three thirty, they didn't show it once.
This man is so out of control every time that there's a cloud.
There's a sprinkle in here.
This man's on their hyperventilating and getting psychotic.
Nobody died.
Nothing major.
Right. Right. It was a very graphic thing to see.
It was phenomenal footage.
But you show it a couple of times.
You put the damn show on here.
Here. Pariva's getting.
She's in jail for Christ's sakes.
How many people are dying in the city of Miami?
They got to show something that didn't do much damage for throughout.
Right. And we got to miss part of the guiding light. They should hang their heads in shame.
Brian, Brian, Norcrus should be hung for that.
I'll be with you.
You'll hang somebody for a litmus.
Do it with Brian Norcrus for a hour.
Good point.
Have a great day.
That's all I got now.
Thank you so much.
We have an open line in date.
7559463-7555WID.
Those Florida lines, the out of town lines, the audio net lines.
They're still the same number. They're still dead.
One triple eight, 474946.
We've figured why bother changing those because nobody ever calls them anyway.
So why waste our time?
One, eight, eight, eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three.
Hey, the last dawn is on tonight.
Don't miss episode number two unless you can.
Don't miss that.
Why did I write down Tom Shannon on here?
Why the hell did I write that down?
I heard I write down John Shannon.
Oh, John Shannon at the CBC.
That's what I wrote.
I thought I wrote Tommy Shannon down on here.
Let's play some CKLW jingles.
I wrote down John Shannon from the CBC who sent me that tape finally after three years.
Three years I raced home yesterday listening to all this crap the world is coming to an end.
I don't care about guiding light.
I don't care about Brian Orkross.
I flipped my bill.
He would tape into my thing there and here's some clips from games that from years gone by.
Face stock.
Yeah, it was pretty weak, John.
I mean, better late than never.
Who might have complained after three years of waiting, but for it, that was pretty weak stuff.
Here's Miami. Hello.
And Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Listen, that's the nails day today.
Great.
Listen, I know you don't like the Harold.
Don't like the Harold.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't like Hitler.
Well, I know I don't like it.
But I want you to read Greg Cody's column today.
I just got through talking about that.
Oh, you did that.
Oh, Bob.
Finally, now I didn't read the column.
I said I talked about it.
I'm not going to dignify him by reading this column.
For three days, the Harold was mum.
They were the only ones that sounded away.
Nothing to say about these uncomfortable ticket increases.
And now, after everybody else, finally, screaming and yelling,
finally, at long last, the Harold is embarrassed.
They got to join in.
Yeah, but he really gave it to me.
I wish he'd read the whole thing.
What, on the ear?
Yeah, on the ear.
Okay, hold your breath.
Okay, we have an open line in date.
Seven, five, nine, four, six, three, one, and brow, seven, three, three, two, one.
I'm going to read Greg Cotex's column on here.
If I read anything in its entirety on here, it will be Dave Joseph Common,
the Sun Central, which blows all the other stuff away.
It blows even bigger than that tornado yesterday.
Blows it all away.
It clears all the bull crap.
Ericons arrogance inflated just like his ticket prices.
He says does he run his other businesses this way?
If you take a ride on Carnival Cruise Lines, do Ericons representatives tell you
and say Thomas, there's an additional $500 charge.
If you want to return to the port of Miami, do flights attend this ask you for an extra
$50 on Carnival Airlines when they check to see if your seat belt is securely fastened?
No.
Mickey wins the title King Weasel, Dave Joseph said.
Not only for trying to squeeze the last dollar out of heat fans who've patiently waited years
to save or such a playoff series, but for insulting them Sunday with his idea of damage control.
A couple of Mickey's Weasel minions said they regretted not giving notice of the ticket increase.
So while they wouldn't refund the money, the heat announced they would reimburse the differential
in the ticket price with a credit to her heat merchandise.
Whoopi do.
What a joke, Joseph says.
What an insult.
What a slap in the push.
Obviously King Weasel and associates think this is a great idea.
They must also think the team's fans are idiots, not aware the heat will still make money through profits on merchandise.
How do you like that?
And it goes on and on and on and on.
And King Weasel is right on target, baby.
And as usual, the people in this town don't care.
They've been conditioned to it.
They're like a bunch of lemons.
They've been conditioned to accepting crap.
They're like a bunch of supplicants just bowing and kneeling.
At the foot of the herald shrine down here at one herald plaza,
all these grave robbers down there that should only rot in the hell,
these bastards that just take the truth and twisted and bend it around and manipulate it to just to mold public opinion.
You don't have to worry about getting any news in the herald baby because there isn't any.
All the herald tells you what the herald wants you to know for their own fun and profit,
just like the casino gambling thing.
God forbid that we have casinos in here.
We might actually get another newspaper news down here.
This place would be booming and thriving.
Who can forget that marked fisher column on the front page of the herald,
showing a picture of a drifter out in the desert in Las Vegas.
And that was the one picture they showed the unsuspecting fools down here.
Oh, this is what Vegas is about.
It's a bunch of bombs out there in the desert who lost all their lunch money,
who are panhandling out there in the middle of the desert,
which quite frankly, were they panhandling from because there ain't nobody out there.
Maybe some prick wants to go and sit on a cactus out there in the desert from the herald.
Maybe that's what it's all about, huh?
Maybe Elva Chappen and the whole Chappen family.
Maybe all these other grave robbers down there.
Maybe they want to go out there and sit on a few cacti.
Because if there's any place that a prick can relate to itself, it's at the herald, okay?
And I know we got zillions of closet listeners.
They can put all the propaganda, they can put all the sputum they want in traffic magazine about me.
They're all listening over there at the herald right now.
We got zillions of closet listeners over there.
So who the hell are they kidding?
Just once.
Just have once in your life the balls to tell the truth, to tell it like it is.
About why this town is still like 75% sure to what 90% sure to what it could be.
Murder Capital USA.
Illegal alien capital.
Maybe we don't have Texas and Southern California licked,
but we're sure we sure we're getting the leg up on everybody else.
We got a leg up on it.
And like I said, these people, see they count on the fact that most of us down here don't give a crap about this town.
And so nobody's going to do anything and they've been very successful.
That's why they have their non-group meetings of a bunch of self-appointed geniuses who sit around and decide what's going to go on here for not for our benefit for their own selfish benefit.
Allegedly under the guise, well, this is the best for Miami and the best for South Florida.
Bull crap, baby, bull duty.
You guys are full of it.
It's coming out of every poor in your body.
And then this broad calls me up.
You'll be a song of dance.
I should read great co-texas column on here after three days of being the only silent media people in town because they're in bed with with Mickey Erison over there.
And then finally all of a sudden they got the big balls today.
And you notice it takes a lot of big balls after the heat of the eye three games to wonder out of the series.
Takes the really big balls to start writing this stuff right now you jump on a bandwagon.
What am I getting so psychotic about?
Nobody else here gives a crap.
What am I screaming about?
1043 at WIOD.
Hey, the heat's got him boiling.
Nice going.
Nice going.
Mark Jacobs in an Eli.
Man, there's a Quinella for you.
There's a perfecta.
Forget about the goddamn heat, okay?
Let's get down to the real prices down there.
A candle to it.
Why don't they just associate themselves from this crap, okay?
It's not bad enough that Wayne bought this joint.
Now he's hopping into bed with this other guy.
Cut the crap, Mark, okay?
And by the way, get a shave.
Listen to these ridiculously low prices on brand new 1997 to it as only a candle to it.
A brand new 97 to ourselves from just 99.91.
Brand new 97 corollas from just 10,091.
Brand new 97 cameras.
Just amazing room and comfort starting at just 15,0991.
The prices are unbeatable.
You can waste a lot of time shopping all over town.
You can get sucked in by the slogans at all these other joints.
I guarantee you man, you can bet your life on it.
Not mine, but yours.
Bet your life on it.
You can't be or maybe even just bet Mark Jacobson's life on it.
You can't beat these prices anywhere.
Kendall Toyota just out the day land on US1.
Not far from that tornado, by the way.
Prices in food, all rebates and incentives are to prove credit.
Quadities are limited.
Limited.
What do you say?
So hurry on down.
610 WIOB.
Where you sit through this.
When I count three, pull the finger.
One, two, three.
To get to this.
One thing I learned when the ring went out of fingers.
I gave it the ring.
It gave me the finger.
Yes.
Strangely, after you said I don't, I bet you gave me the finger again.
The service of the wacky company.
610 WIOB.
I'll be extra barbecues continues.
Countdown.
Eight, thirty nine, thirty eight, thirty seven.
WIOB.
Keep my new you were coming.
I'd a big decay.
Eight, eight, buddy.
I only paid fifty dollars for this thirty five inch Sony TV.
Wow.
How'd you get it, so cheap?
It fell off the truck.
Spakers, appliances, stereo, television, CDs, sunglasses.
You can buy all these goods and a whole lot more for ridiculously low prices.
At the fell off the truck, flea market.
JBL.
It is freeway speaker.
50 bucks.
Sony, both of this 100 watt rack system.
50 bucks.
An IBM CD-ROM.
486.
50 bucks.
A six year supply of ink swab.
Okay, whatever.
1049 at WIOD.
What was that?
That's under MIC Erison.
What is that?
George, that's fell off the truck.
I know, but why is that under that?
It looks like some Ojami.
Some Ojami provocateurs got in here and deleted our MIC Erison bit from Boka Bryant.
Fire it off again.
What do you mean, fire it off again?
Eight.
What?
Same one.
It's going to be something different?
Well, I thought maybe somebody else would know.
Looks like a communist plot to me, ladies and gentlemen.
A commie pinko plot, but that's okay.
Because I wouldn't be surprised if it's on Boka Bryant CD, which we got around here somewhere.
Right?
Don't we?
Where is it?
I thought that was a good timing.
What?
I thought it was a good timing.
Oh, like I said, we don't have it.
Well, guitar man will have it somewhere.
Make no mistake about that.
Here's Miami in a mobile.
Hello.
I'm pissed off, but I can't take it anymore, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Dic name, man.
Question.
If they would have won the game, would they have raised the prices back up?
Probably.
They probably would have raised them second time.
Anyways, I'm out of material.
I love you, Neil.
Okay.
Okay.
Like I said, these people are really full of it today.
They got nothing again.
755 WID, two open lines in date, one on the purple line, a mobile one line, pound IOD, one
and brown, our new number, 7339463, and of course, two on the other.
It's even a mobile one line now.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Just like picking up what we left off yesterday, we're talking to, or we're preaching to the
choir man.
We're talking to ourselves.
We might as well just take the putting in a vodka right now and forget about it.
So I'm just going to shove it, put this off to the side because evidently, I'm the only one.
And Dave Joseph, an even great code text, and the editorial board of the hero of the, excuse me,
SunCendle, were the only ones that are pissed off about it.
Nobody else cares because they think it's a basket ball thing which most of us don't care about
anyway.
That's more than that.
It's way more than that, but they don't confuse us with that we got enough further problems.
Two open lines in date, 755.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, my name is Margie.
Hi, Margie.
Hi.
My sons are good listeners to your show with the headphones on all day long.
And tell me you had a gym, a golden retriever.
Yes, I do.
With, um, you had skin problems.
On and on and on.
God, yeah.
You changed that and medicines and foods.
Yeah.
And what have you?
Yeah.
I want help.
I've got one.
What are you doing?
What am I doing with what?
With food or medications.
I don't give any medications.
I change this food.
Okay.
You have to get a good veterinarian.
You have to get somebody knows what it's all about.
Yes.
Because dogs like people are all different.
I can't give you a panacea that's going to work on all dogs.
What are you feeding yours right now?
I feed them kibbles and bits lean.
And his skin is lean and mean.
It's beautiful.
Really?
But all dogs have allergies, golden retrievers especially, to different things.
You have to experiment and find something that agrees with them.
And, uh, whatever.
What are you feeding your dog?
For a plan.
Oh, one of those that you buy in it, uh, like a...
Yeah, right.
Forget that stuff.
Of course you're fortunate.
Yeah, forget it.
Find them a dog food that he agrees he's probably got an allergy to it.
Okay.
Better yet find a veterinarian and know something.
Are there veterinarians out there that are allergy prone?
You know what?
You know, allergies.
We have many veterinarians who are prone to allergies, yes.
Yeah.
And they're scratching up a storm, right?
Oh.
I'll get luck, sweetheart.
Good luck to you.
Okay.
Oh my god.
We have an open line.
Hello, doctor.
I have blue lips, doctor done.
What am I going to do?
What am I going to do, doctor done?
I have blue lips.
Is a doctor a psychologist?
I don't care.
He's a doctor of something.
I have blue lips, doctor done.
21 years I've been doing this man and there ain't nothing any different today than there was 21 years ago.
The only thing different is I haven't learned a goddamn thing.
That's the thing that's different.
I haven't wised up and learned where I am.
And look at that.
John M says this jacket 21 years ago looked about half as bad as it does now.
Anybody that would wear that thing in public, oh that's right, this ain't public, you're right.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Is this the Roger Show?
It's the what?
Is this the Roger Show?
Yes sir, it is.
Yes, the Roger Show is really fine up this morning.
I thought I called it a lot, but it's...
But last night when John stuck and think that three, you saw Padrari yesterday, it's true.
Like when a pelican, swallow a fish.
Yamon.
Yeah?
What do you think about that?
As soon as every time the next goal is to follow Padrari, it's full of it.
Yeah, he's full of it.
Okay, thank you so much for your perspacaceous observation.
There's a real sports fan for you, a man who really has some very pertinent observations
on the sociological impact of the Harrison family and Pat Riley and his hair on this community.
Thank you so much.
We have an open line in Broward, 7339-463-7333.
We're talking today about dogs and their skin.
We're talking about people with bad complexions.
We're talking about people who just can't come to grips with the fact that they're not beauty queens.
Here's for a lot of day on a mobile.
Yeah, I got bad complexion.
Yeah, me too.
I got crappy skin.
Hey.
But I'm smirring that stuff on it.
Good morning Neil.
When is this?
And how are you, sir?
Great.
I knew nothing about this tornado yesterday because I was like busy and working.
Yeah.
And...
Are you better get with it, mister?
Well, you better get with it.
I get home, right?
I'm messing with the kid and everything getting dinner ready.
I sit down and my god, these people on Channel 7 worked foaming at the mouth.
They couldn't wait until the regular news was over to break into a whole another...
You know how the other channels have team coverage on all these supposed major events?
They have screen coverage.
Screen coverage.
These people, I mean, they just sit around.
They can't.
Every time there's an event, no matter what it is.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I mean, it was like a full-blown mini-shirt.
You would have thought that we had another major earthquake hit this town.
Or you would have thought that the tornado went right through the middle of a residential area
and killed 5,000 people and that the entire town was crippled and devastated.
I mean, it was...
I will say it again.
It's a really neat thing to watch.
You know, if you're not as long as you're not anywhere near it.
It's a really neat thing to see the video and it's about the first 200 times.
But after that, give it a rest already.
Okay, life goes on.
Life goes on, Brian, or across.
And all you scream and he be Jebys over there at Channel 7.
It was just like going back to the hurricane when we had Andrew come through here.
It was four weeks before we got any regular programming on television.
Yeah.
It was ridiculous.
Yeah, that's right.
I remember that.
They kept milking.
They wouldn't let go.
You're right.
They wouldn't let go of it.
They had all these people sitting there manning the phones.
I mean, long after everybody had, you know, whatever they were trying to put their life back together.
It was every channel.
Yeah.
And then it was like a contest to see who it would endurance contest to see who could keep holding out the longest.
Right.
And it was like, it was right around pre-season football.
I was like, okay, let's watch a football game and get our minds off of them.
Exactly.
No.
No, these are the great exploiters.
I, under the guise of helping the community and being such a great bunch of public servants,
all they do is exploit human misery and suffering, which is what television news is all about now.
You've been in this town for a very long time and I was born here and I've been here 34 years.
And it wasn't like that.
You're just going to watch Ralph Renek and all that.
Right.
That's right.
That's the point they said what they had to and both.
Right.
These people talk about a sense post.
Yeah, but now that's this way in America man, you dealing with an average IQ smaller than their dick size.
And this is what you're dealing with in America today man.
Neil, can I ask your favor?
Yes sir.
When you're up and through in your next five years, can I go with you?
Have a great day pal.
Love you Neil.
Okay.
No chance.
We have an open line on the mobile one purple line, pound IOD.
I mean, I thought Rick's question was right on target.
Like, because we're inside.
We're like closer here in a building in a room.
We don't even have a window of the outside.
And all Rick did was asked like, maybe we should, if this is like serious enough, should we be covering this full time and not even doing a show?
And Mr. Hot shot that you're so enamored with out there.
This guy, this hot shot, which when you really get to know and love him, you won't.
Got very a psychotic about that.
Very uppity.
Very pissed off.
Because he's award winning.
That's right.
An award winning clown even Bozo never had a schnauz like that.
And they won't let him into building.
Oh, I'm sorry.
They'll even let John M in a building for Christ's.
What does that tell you?
Okay.
When they'll let John M in a building, they won't let this other guy in a building.
What does that tell you what we're dealing with?
Huh?
Do I sound a little bit worked up today?
Now that we got it down to when I see the number 80 sounds good to me.
Get the jacket clean, John.
1058 at WIOD.
If you're trying to getting a busy signal every time you try to get online and every time you get a job,
you try to contact your internet provider to get help, to get assistance.
Here's the answer for you.
You've got probably a lot of questions if you're new to the internet.
Here are the people who can sift through all the crap, all the BS, all the busy signals and the bull shot.
Our friends at BridgeNet, 374, 3031.
Give those people a call and they'll help you out with all your internet needs.
They know what's all about and they can help you get connected right away, the easy way.
Sifting to the maze of BS that other people have to go through.
At BridgeNet, they can help you get your business online.
They can even help you create a full-color storefront for your business.
They've already done that for CocoWalk for a base-side marketplace for the streets of Mayfair.
And if you call by the end of the month, your first month is free.
So get online the right way with the people at BridgeNet and say goodbye to BS and busy signals forever.
Call them today at BridgeNet, 3743031.
The Royal of Dreams.
WIOD.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
610 WIOD.
610 WIOD.
Neil Rogers.
While you're goofing off, it worked.
But I'm not so friendly either.
610 WIOD.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
The men who runs our cults raise our hopes with heaven's hate.
Me, I know the spaceship comes from far to take us to our fate.
So I lie down on my bed, on my bed's fur,
full shroud around my head, over my head,
I long to be displeased and wish I was dead,
and I kill myself or to the men who runs our cults.
Exactly, thank you.
11.05 at WIOD.
We have an open line and a purple line and mobile one line, pound IOD in one and date.
It's 7559463.
Brand new numbers today, man.
And it's only appropriate we should be having brand new numbers for Dayton Broward on the first day of our countdown,
which are a nice even number starting tomorrow.
It's 80.
I guess starting today, right?
It's 80, a nice even 80.
That's the max, man.
That's the number we can look at.
That's, you can put your hands on it and squeeze it and feel it.
It's something tangible to deal with.
By the way, something tangible to deal with since nobody cares about hockey since our sports fans here in his town are so great and so knowledgeable.
And since Philly is playing the Rangers in their semi-final series in the Eastern Conference
to see who's going to the Stanley Cup finals,
John Shannon did send me this stuff yesterday and let me say it again pretty weak after waiting three years.
It could have been a lot better.
I mean, who the hell wants to see Ward Cornel and Foster Hewitt on there?
I mean, come on already and Jack Dennett who's been dead for 100 years.
But nevertheless, there was some good stuff on here.
And of course, it brings back memories.
1974, my good friend Dick Hervin Jr. was doing color with Bill Hewitt on a game between the Fires and the Bruins,
which the Fires won one than nothing to a win the Stanley Cup in 1974.
He started around his back on that Bernie Pellas, stopped at their Jimmy Watson's assistant down the aisle.
It goes into the corner. Over there is Rick Jeffers. Jeffers is being watched by Bill Biber.
Jeffer gets away from him. Get it up on the left wing of Juizic. Juizic to set it.
Over the blue line. Got to back to Philadelphia Zeta. Over there.
Over the blue line. Closing in with a shot. And Bernie Black got a shot on that.
Bill Biber gets it out of the A. And there goes Orback for it. Number four.
Or African. One 18 remaining in the penalty.
Abbey Orr up to Johnny Bussick. Up with Hots behind him.
And Bill and Zeta can't get away. Very chest is over the line.
Take the shot and Delbert's that that.
This time they lose the draw, but they started right back to the blue line.
And then they break with one goal.
Here it comes. Pick a look now. Back in the net as the shotgun didn't watch.
You'll go there. Find Scott.
The definitely so Bill Bernie Pellas has been drawing almost all of the rays.
And it comes to gold anyway. Another look at this one.
Some Johnson of the broans was chatting with Annie.
He says, don't forget that our goal vendor has played as well as he can.
You certainly have to agree with that. He's never been in his spot like this before.
Back to Andre Juppa.
Juppa takes the shot.
Unbelievable, baby. So we're rooting for the Flyers in a Ranger series big time.
Except if you're from New York, we understand you can't help yourselves.
But all the rest of us were rooting for the Flyers net series.
And then of course, the Lange go on in the sweet Detroit Force straight and sweet by the Flyers in Force straight.
Probably. So there's still some hockey fans out there.
Some of us who are waiting very patiently until Thursday till we get something worthwhile going again.
While we got all these freaks of nature out there playing.
If you got 500 bucks, you can go watch a game tomorrow night.
Probably be the last one for the eighth this year.
Anybody want to bet? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if it's juice pumps.
What is it?
Like this price guy is something so new.
I mean, these billionaires they've been doing this for a while.
And so another word I should we should just sit back and accept it?
If no one cares about sports in this town, people like me who do care about sports.
I don't mind paying the high price because I know that that's going to keep the troffle lights away.
I know that there's no other way.
So in other words, a ticket that was like $29 during a regular season,
you're willing to pay $90 into playoffs? Sure.
Sure. Because I know that the people out of your mind, man.
You're out of your mind. I'm out of my mind, but I enjoy sitting in a seat where not where some idiot beer drinker's not spilling it on me and being loud.
Good point. You know, I enjoy that. I think people in the city.
In fact, I think you got I think you got the solution for my hockey problems too.
I'm going to spend $500 a ticket and keep all those goofballs out of 106. Excellent point.
I'll suggest it to Wayne. Thank you very much.
We have an open on the seat. There's a guy who's a masochist. He don't care.
In other words, the idea being that all the assholes, the scumbags who somehow get in there who ruin the game for all of us,
we got to pay some ridiculous price. I got a better idea. Why not stay home and watch it free on TV?
I'll tell you one thing. There ain't nothing like watching these playoff games on CBC,
which you can't watch into Miami arena, which they ain't playing no hockey there right now. Anyway, last time I checked.
There's nothing like sitting there on your big satellite dish watching the CBC and Bob Cole and Harry Neal and Chris Cuffer and John Garrett
and all these guys are really know what it's all about.
Why still I still got like something on a back of my neck from that bill. He would stuff for.
Man, it just gives me goosebumps. But hey, what are these people know, man, when you got Chris Moore, who needs bill?
He would we have an open line and Broward 7339 463 733. So there's one.
Get that number at last guy to call on there for Mickey. Okay. There's a sucker born every minute.
That kid says just keep sticking it in there, man. It hurts a little bit, but I'm starting to enjoy it now.
Hurts so good. Here's Pemberpines. Hello. Pemberpines.
Like I said, two open lines and Broward 7339 463 733. Here's a lady in the grove. Hello.
Lady in the grove. Yes, man. Okay. What a jerk. Anyhow, if you think Mickey, Arisen's got a prejudice, he doesn't. He grabs money wherever he can.
Yeah. This is a gay that's Kimmykey has. If your mother and father go on a cruise and you want to put a present on a ship,
you've got to give him five bucks for every present that goes on a ship. Really? Not only that, when they take it up to the dining room.
They based on what five bucks for one. Every present that goes on a ship. Every single solitary one.
Well, in that case, just don't give many presents. I think you said. Well, screw that. Don't give many presents to hell with.
Well, they take it to the dining room. They charge them 750 to open it because you didn't buy it from that.
That's right. That's what you call it. Right. Okay. Let's get that last guy on there. Maybe you can get mom and dad like a hundred presents.
Yeah. Maybe you can buy the seats next to this guy for 90 bucks. Right. Okay. Thank you so much for the good news. Okay. They slip you the Mickey, baby.
The King Weasel. I love that. Dave Joseph is God. King Weasel strikes again. Striking terror into the hearts of people from coast to coast.
And we should be talking about it on this radio station because of course this is your heat station, which just might be.
We'll do some investigating. We'll find out might just be why ski Anderson is all the way back in the end already.
Yeah, exactly because he had the audacity to rip the King Weasel on here next to be talking bad about Tony Ritter somewhere.
And that'll be it. That'll be the end. Oh, yeah. Make no mistake about that. About that.
I think I think I'm going to have to go back to Tony Ritter at the Harold. By the way, all you Holy O's out there. We much didn't know that the
Herald's run by communist. We have an open line in day seven. It isn't it is. George said you're right. Seven oh fascists. Well, same difference.
What? Fashista, communist. No, they like to fashista. They look but he's the rhymes with a fashista and Christa 7559463. We have an open line in the communist.
The communist the communist the communist the Miami Herald or a bunch of commie pinko faggots if you ask me.
Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. You'll for mayor. Yeah, right. I think your platform. How about Bob mayor for mayor?
How about Bob mayor for mayor? His platform can be three telephone books. The same one he's been sitting on for 10 years.
Uh huh. Well, I can five. Okay, get a new phone. I'll talk to you someday. We have an open line in day seven five five nine four six three one and
Broward seven three three W I O D are brand new numbers. And here's Orlando. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir?
I'm a question. I know. Sorry. Listen to that playoff series with Detroit Colorado. Is that going to be on pass on DSS or black down?
No, it'll be on ESPN one or two. Yeah, but so they can't the regional networks can't do the semi-final. Got. Oh, true. No pass. We're getting too tight. I'll be honest with you. Why would you want to see pass anyway?
That guy that what's his name? Michael Berg? Yeah, just a watch that does the red wings that he's weak and I know about your red wing fan, right? No, I'm just a panther fan. Just something good.
Because I'll tell you that Mickey Redmond that does the color for the red wings the worst Homer in the history of his brutal man. He keeps kills me week off. Listen, I'm on my
accounts for the day two and I can't believe how good this is. Yeah, except for the caffeine. What's up with that? Can I? Screwed no, you can't you can't do it drink D cab use
D cab all the way. Right. Don't screw it up. It's not worth it. Okay, speaking of getting huge. Let's all the hippopotamus do and Kentucky
Derby coverage. Yeah, and I couldn't tell which was which which. Uh huh. So go flyers. He's a monster in the industry. That's what I hear. Oh, yeah, I hear that. Well, enjoy him over there. I'll be listening. Okay. In
Rika miss universe is that for sure? Yes, sir Friday night. You'll be watching. He's going to be there. Stark naked. All right. That's the room where I'm
hearing. Same as request. Yes, gay NBA. In honor of the heat. Oh, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if we might have that around some.
Okay, all right. Have a great day. Bye. Bye. We have an open line at day 7559 463. We have both the open lines any out of town lines, the Palm Beach lines, the
Florida lines, the World Wide Lines, the audio net lines. How do you like that? One triple eight 4749 463 where it's 1115 to W I O D and let's see.
Pop it. O Park is going to be hosting the first leg of the CKG Billings Amateur trotting series that's coming up this
Saturday, May 17. We got the International buffet in full swing of Pop it O Park with the 1495 complete the buffet every night and W I O D. Not
like the rest of the radio dial. We have different numbers. 610 W I O D.
It's a hard to be. It's a solid energy. You know that my heart's been going wild. Feel like I want to die.
I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going
to die. OK, if somebody fascinated me from public citizen, helped research with Worculean Best Deals News. It says, do not use
fenthoramine, combined with fentyrapenturamine, fentphen, do not use pandamine with ion Portland...
don't use it. And it goes on and on and on. Primary pulmonary hypertension is a
serious condition in which pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs rise to a level
so great the blood cannot flow freely through the lungs and the heart eventually fails.
One of the great side effects of this combination of tube rate drugs,
fentphen is pulmonary hypertension. Plus that the fat
broad that they may have buried in a wedding dress in a wedding gown up in
the wingland somewhere because she was taking fentphen right? We know it's
perfectly safe.
That's all. That Mick is such a gaping asshole. Don't buy the hair on unless you speak
of the spec. Hey, rare.
Fuck my. Hey, chick.
A-hole, asshole. Never feel good.
Hey, so we ridder you're an asshole. I read your hair old and all your fun.
I use your paper now to wipe at my greasy butt asshole.
Hey, rich boy.
Well, we couldn't have done that better. I couldn't have done that better if I would have tried.
That was great. We had a little pause in the asshole accounts. We have an
open line on the apurple line here, pound IOD on a mobile one line, 1122 at WIOD on a great Tuesday.
We're declaring the Emancipation Proclamation today. We're saying goodbye to
Mickey Erson. We're saying goodbye to the hero again for the 500th time. Go out there and buy
some rag. Go out there and pick up a free nose paper. Pick up news times or something.
New times. And just to stop subsidizing these grave robbers,
men who are destroying, who are strongly choking us, they got us by the neck of
their squeezing it. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yo, how you doing? Great. This is like a size wheel, you know, Miami.
All right. I have no foreskin. Yes.
Rick Sanchez in Channel 7. Yeah. Bill Kamala. If he thinks this
twister could pick up a man. A couple of seconds. He should ask Bill Kamala.
He could pick up a man. I love it. All right. I doubt it.
That was a go on you. That was great. That was beautiful. What a setup. Thank you so much.
And then they show a traitor. It was toppled. I mean, I couldn't trade up.
Pick up a man. Yeah. Guy man. He's incredible.
And yeah, I understand that on Channel 4, the rescue Brian Norcross. If he could pick up a man.
I'm telling you, man, it's spreading. It's all over the place. A lot of blowing going on
in this town. You cracking me up. Hey, about the heralds. Yeah. I got a little flyer here in
traffic that showed a beauty guard beating up a man. Yeah. And supposedly this was at a
newspaper home by the heralds up north somewhere. And they're beating up the people that are
on strike. Nice. Are the free press in Detroit? Exactly. Right. Exactly. Hey, I called you a while
back until you was going to Manic State to see a foreign fight. And I told you don't do it.
Yeah. You're coming to say indoors. What was it? What was it like? Hey, I liked it.
Casinos. Yeah. They were nice. I see on the board, of course. Of course. And it was good. I liked it.
And on the way back, I was getting on the plane. I sat down and a lady walked in. She goes,
young man, I believe you're in Manic State. I was supposed to have a pass over me. Oh,
she made a big old fuss about who's in her seat and everybody has to bring out this duck.
They're tickets and she made a big deal and a whole song and dance and she ended up sitting in the
aisle anyway. Nice. But then she kept on talking to me. Why don't you go back to Canada? You
go to Bachelors. That's what I told you here. Yeah. And then she kept on. I'm looking at the
window. She kept talking to me. Talk to me. Talk to me. So I would ignore her. She talked to my wife.
And my wife was ignoring her too. But she kept on talking and talking and talking and talking.
Anyway, I want to tell you tonight on AME, you're going to have a thing about art for God for you.
Really? I don't know. You want to talk about virulent dance. I semi-s. Exactly.
And on Sunday, they had Vegas. Did you see that? I'm waiting for them to open up a new street
on my me. Heinrich Himmler Boulevard. Did you see that? What's a massacre? Did I see what?
You feel something unique? They had Vegas. No. You missed it. You missed it all.
Probably another one of those propaganda pieces with a lot of mobsters. You know, there was never any
mobsters in Vegas. There was never any Myrland ski on the beach. It's all propaganda. Believe it or
not, we're talking about them. Really? They said that they were there and everything that but now it's
cleaned up and all this, you know. But it was very interesting to back your message. And
it will be back. What kind of any they keep running it over? I know that'll be back. Yeah,
they'll probably show it again. And then closing, I want to call Victor and Tony to douchebag.
Okay, pal. Thank you. I'll read it. Ertchie. We have an open line in date at 7559463. Better
write down these new numbers because I know everybody out there is like they're foaming at them out.
755 W.Y. O.D. There's an open line in date. I got a great, great letter here from Carl in
Coconut Grove, which I'm not going to take the time to read on here right now. But maybe I'm
going to save it about it says Ray, the date poor and heartless. Right on target, man, about Tony
Ritter and Mickey Erison and Mayor penis and the heat and all the grave robbers there and all
the special interest in Armando Vidal, whatever it is name is and Gorf Hidal, who's embarrassed by
the whole thing. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood going once, going twice and have a nice life.
Not we have an open line in Broward 7333 W.Y. O.D. One in date 755, two on the Florida lines,
the Palm Beach lines, the out of this world lines, one, triple eight, four, seven, four,
nine, four, six, three. They just don't give a crap and then we get that bozo to calls in here.
All I'm willing to pay the 90 bucks just to get the riff rap out of here. Get out of here. So in
other words, you shouldn't have the realistic expectation that you can go to a sporting event
or any kind of an activity and enjoy it without getting raped and gouged. That's brilliant, man.
That is brilliant. I sure wish I could find about a thousand guys like that. It'll only cost you
50 bucks a day to listen to the show for about a week. Much I said it'll cost you about a hundred
bucks. Then we can cut that 80 down to about 10 George. You just skipped town. Sounds good to me.
1127 W.Y. O.D. Speaking of being raped, if you're big bank out there is treating you like crap.
If they keep messing up and making mistakes and then you go in there and act like who the hell are you?
Who the hell? Ever going to a bank and see Rhonda Wolf standing over there in line?
That's like my old days of KAT with you. Cola cats in time going in there and she says
and if that's the way your bank treats you like you and personally like a bunch of crap,
I do love that. I love it. But at any rate, fire that bank say goodbye, give me my money and audio
blow it out your ass. Go to a bank where they treat you great, where they give you personal
friendly service, where customer satisfaction is their number one priority and that of course
is family bank. I heard some Jack S calling up Rick Raleigh yesterday. Rick knows that we have
family bank on here here but I've already warned them don't take his money because it ain't no good.
I can't believe that he was listening about there's no other place you should even consider.
Unless of course there's not a family bank near you and if you live in Broward, it's bound to be
because there are seven convenient Broward family bank locations all over the place.
They've got the lowest service fee in Broward. They got very very uh they're loaded like I started to
say with all the features like ATMs at every bank honoring Presto, Syrish and Honor and they also have
the drive-through open Zeta Clock at the morning Monday through Friday, even open Saturday morning
on the drive-through from 9 to noon so you can do your banking when you feel like it. They get to know
you, they treat you great even if you get the right teller they put a little they give a little
sucker there and you're uh when and they a thing when you go to the drive-through so don't be
a sucker by going to the big impersonal banks where you're just a number in a computer head for
family bank where they really take care of your great family bank member FDIC.
It happens in airports every DYOD more listeners than a cell phone scanner.
them!
you come
and ailia LAN
so now get a goal
yes
is a goal
yes, s s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
no
No.
No.
See.
There's no, so almost those happy seniors.
They much you much you happy when you come to their vector.
There are those, almost they hope you come again.
The spew much a little when they see you in the air.
Yeah.
1133 at WIBD.
We went on to this place, King Weasel.
Do we have two open lines in dates?
7559 463 7555 WIBD.
And one in Broward, 7339 463.
Here's Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. Great.
You know, greed is understandable in a certain way.
Why is that?
Because, unfortunately, because people are greedy.
I mean, it's not admirable, but it's at least understandable.
But stupidity.
That's another thing.
And I think that the most of sitting thing about the whole business is how stupid they are.
How stupid they are to do something.
I mean, how much are they going to make?
You know, you have 4,000 tickets.
Maybe they're getting, say, an average of 50 bucks extra.
So it's $200,000.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Compared to how much they're ripping off with both hands all the time, it's nothing.
And the amount of public relations.
Compared to how many millions of dollars of ill will that they've done to themselves, that they'll never recover.
And keep in mind, this is not a team that sold out every game during the regular season.
This is a team that had like, zillions of empty seats for many of, for most of their home games.
They couldn't get arrested in a panty raid.
And all of a sudden, they've got the audacity because they made the playoffs.
And they won a game.
All of a sudden, they're going to jack the thing up in the middle, in the middle of the proceedings.
That's the thing that's uncomfortable.
There is nobody who can defend that.
I mean, if they would announce the head of time, it's going to be $500 a ticket.
It wouldn't have been a good deal, but nevertheless, at least they were being honest.
But they do something so dishonest and so grotesque that it is unacceptable.
Well, I think that the stupidity may come from being in the tourist industry.
You deal with tourists.
You rip them off once.
They're gone.
They go back.
They don't like it.
But you don't have to worry about them.
But when you have local people and you rip them off, they're going to remember.
Yep.
Anybody who subsidizes this asshole next season, man, needs mental help.
I mean, personally, you couldn't pay me to go to a basket bowl.
And I agree.
But if he paid me $100 a minute, I wouldn't go.
But for people who do go, you know, if he paid me $100 for every free throw that Alonzo Morning made, I wouldn't go, which ain't much.
You know, I think someone should say, every day, on the radio or on the...
You could get one of the newspapers to be a little more...
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I'm as mad as I am.
I think he's got a backwards is what it is.
I think this guy's got a just a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
I think this guy's got a little bit backwards if he acts may.
Trust me.
After our recent experience with the other.
Trust me.
When you do your show, you don't wait the whole time.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Great.
This old ticket thing is ridiculous.
It's the public that puts up with this kind of crap.
Every other place in the country, look at the bulls.
They're in the playoffs.
Even though the bulls are sold out for the entire year,
even with the playoffs, whether they go or not,
they don't jack up the ticket prices.
Panthers go to the playoffs.
Did they jack up the ticket prices?
Well, the NBA, the NBA, you're wrong about one thing.
Let's see, I got it here in front of me.
It was in a heraldous morning in our great newspaper.
The bulls raised their, from 20 to 35 bucks during irregular season.
These are the cheapest seats in the upper deck and the most expensive.
They raised from 20 and 35 to 30 and 45.
And they announced it ahead of time instead of doing it in midstream.
Well, that's 30 and 45 compared to 50, 40 to 90 dollars in the Miami arena.
40 to 90 dollars.
So in other words, the most expensive ticket in the Chicago stadium is 45 bucks
and the most expensive one in the Miami arena upper deck is 90 bucks.
Twice the price for half the team.
Twice the price.
When you go to see a bulls game, you see a game.
Right.
When you go to see a e-cater.
And you also get to see a free free show too with Denise.
If she's playing, if she's not suspended that night.
That's true, that's true.
But I mean, it's ridiculous.
Look at here, we're in South Florida.
You know, we got a team that they need to get money, you know, in there.
Yeah, they need to get some money, baby.
They're paying only 16 million a year to a guy that's a major choke artist.
He's a schlep.
Yeah.
And you know, like I said, the Panthers go, do they raise the Panthers ticket prices?
No.
Yes.
You know, everybody went to this game, you know, who got tickets.
Yeah.
And then they paid them nominal fee for it.
Right.
Yeah.
Why do they got to do that?
Because Mickey Arison is a grave robber, man.
Because evidently, that 9 billion tax free that daddy's gotten Israel isn't enough.
That's true.
That's true.
I'll take a lot.
Okay, pal.
I would know what to say.
Open line and Broward, 7333, WID.
I hope that everybody, whoever, ever thinks about going on a cruise ship everywhere, make sure
ahead of time that it's not one of those owned by you know who.
And it's very interesting.
George and I were discussing this during a break about the mysterious disappearance of that one bit in there,
which is why we want to play in that other one that I sent you so nicely.
By the way, nice job.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Because people are slipping stuff out of here.
That's right.
Slip into Mickey and our computer into our DCS.
How do you like them, Apple?
So not that they're trying to orchestrate what we're playing on the air here.
Not that anybody's trying to manipulate what goes on air or who gets criticized.
And of course, we know.
We know for sure that's key Anderson didn't get blown out of here.
Just because he had the audacity to speak out against this raping of the public right before the heat came on the air.
Here's Mimey Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You had a couple of college goers said about the stupidity of the team and using up the goodwill and all that.
But people keep rewarding Mickey Eris and all the time, like with the voting to give him all this money for the arena and all that.
So it's really people have to...
Well, because people are easy.
He made this deal with Mayor Penis right before the election.
And the mayor comes out to Davey for the election and says, oh, guess what?
Look at this great deal.
I pulled off and Mickey's going to pay for the Oll Arena.
And it's like Santa Claus all over again.
And then of course they twist the law. They're wording on a ballot.
So if you're against it, you vote yes.
And if you're for it, you vote no.
And then they do the typical thing they've done in this town a million times.
And then election night, the results which it's losing like crazy.
All of a sudden in the middle of the night mysteriously the results make a flip-flop totally turn around.
And hey, guess what it passed. We're going to do it.
Yeah.
I mean, the people in this town, 463-1888-474-W-I-O-D.
In Palm Beach County, man.
The number of people we got in Palm Beach County could stick in the symbol and have room for what's their name as.
Wow.
Left over.
Here's the lady in Pember of Pine.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you?
I'm a little nervous and that you're talking to me on the radio.
Here I am.
Anyway, I've been working so I can't get to listen to you during the day.
But you'll be able to listen to your headphones.
But actually some might screw that up.
Anyway, what are you leaving?
80 days or less.
Oh, and where are you going?
To the WQAM 560 on the dial.
Oh, OK. So we can still listen to you.
Yes, you can.
All right.
And George, he's going with you?
Yes, he is.
That's it.
He's showing George.
Yeah.
OK, I guess that's it.
And one more thing.
Ron and Moron.
Yeah.
Where is Mr. Moron Diaz?
Is he, he's no longer around?
He's no longer with his show, man.
I mean, he never came down here.
He's no longer with his show.
And President Lincoln's got a bad headache.
Oh, shake it up.
You're a little bit behind the times.
I know. Well, I guess today I can't listen to the radio any.
Yeah, evidently.
Same with 3QAM.
Yeah.
Prison bitch.
OK, have a great day.
Not two open lines in Broward, 7339-463-733-W-I-O-D.
That's it, Don.
I've got blue lips.
That's it, Don.
What have I got to do?
21 years, and it hasn't changed a bit.
But it's me.
I'm the bad guy, see.
I'm the one whose head is in the alligator right.
I'm the evil guy with all the maladies, OK?
And the melody lingers on.
They should build a goddamn statue to me in his town for surviving 21 years of this bull crap.
We were given away crap on Friday.
Boy, never had an open line.
Never had an empty line.
Even on those out of townlines, even the Palm Beach people love their crap.
How do you like that?
The people who wouldn't talk to me today for five bucks a pop.
Well, let's give it a shot, huh?
Two open lines in Broward, 7339-W-I-O-D.
Two on the out of townlines.
We're going to get a call in Palm Beach today.
If we have to go up there and beat the snot out of somebody,
just to get their ass on the phone.
And then make them call after that.
One, triple eight, four, seven, four, nine, four, six, three, one, eight, eight, eight.
See, they don't care again.
They're the arrogant bastards that moved up to Boka to get away from all of this.
They don't give a crap.
They got their big plastic town up there in Boka.
Plastic is the operative work.
It's a miracle that whole town don't melt in the summertime.
But it gets up to about 98 in the shade and the humidity is 140%.
It's a miracle that Boka just doesn't turn into a gigantic puddle of puke.
Oh, it is.
11-44-W-I-O-D.
If you're trying to get a busy signal and try to get online, a busy signal,
when you try to get help from your internet provider to get online,
or maybe you're just thinking about setting up a storefront for your business.
Maybe you're not even on the net yet because you've got so many questions you don't know where to begin.
Well, if any or all of the above are true in your case,
here's the answer for you are knowledgeable folks over at Bridge that they can help you with all your internet needs.
David Marcus and his staff over there.
They know it inside, out, upside down.
Call them at 374-3031.
You'll reach a real person at Bridge that will help you get connected immediately if not sooner.
At Bridge that they can help you get your business online,
they can even help you create a full-color storefront for your business.
They've already done that for Cocoa Walk, at Bayside Marketplace, and the streets of Mayfair.
And if you call Bridge Net by the end of this month,
your first month is absolutely free.
So get online with the people at Bridge Net 374-3031.
That's 374-3031.
610-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001-001
