610 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale
610 W I O D presents the Neil Rogers Show
The talk with Neil calls 622 W I O D and Dave
767 W I O D and ground
Somebody on this station said cracky head
Why are you just going to call it when I dream that
Somebody on a run and a ride you'll say cracky head
They go forward and I just lean across the nation
And somebody on this station called toll free at 1-888-474
Did some trailer park trash say and now the Neil Rogers Show
Hey Brian, are you happy?
I hate W I O D again
I suck my d- I'll be no happy
Are you sure?
No, I'm not just foul and distasteful
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distraightful
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Somebody take my b-
She got you, mother f-
Words of love, they toss in the microphone
The dump button just can't seem to be left alone
And all of this is because they like saying
Somebody take my b-
She got you, mother f-
Okay
Oh, but they play football badly
I'm so bad
How did the patriots kick their ass?
Somebody take my b-
Well, they make it to the Super Bowl
But with an attitude as bad as theirs
They were, they tossing our hopes down the stairs
Oh, man, rude, obnoxious foul and distasteful
The dolphins are cursing and man it's distraightful
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying
Somebody take my b-
She got you, mother f-
Oh, they're saying
Somebody take my b-
She got you, mother f-
She got you, mother f-
I like it
So did somebody on this radio station
Some cracker from some trailer park say
Crackhead Nigger Horror on Ron and Ron show it about the 10 minutes before the hour
Did I dream that? Was I having like hallucinations?
Did I just imagine that?
I mean, I realized that that show was geared strictly toward trailer park trash
toward Redneck Yahoo's with big pickup trucks and dobermans
Excuse me, I like dobermans, pit bulls
But I mean, what the hell was that?
And then they left her on the air, that was the best part, okay?
Redneck Central, baby, that's where it's at
Crackhead Nigger Horror
And the caller they were referring to was somebody that said
Hey, you guys with your racist crap, you're all done
And you know what, I think she had a point
I think she had a point
I mean, I could be wrong about that, but I think she had a point
In fact, my prediction is in just a few months
There will not be one show left on this radio station that was on it
Back on September 30th of 1996
Anybody want to take me up on that?
Other than of course, what's the one we got on the way?
Toys for Graham, he'll still be on here
He's got the naked pictures that Steven J. Gay
Now I understand that the new regime does not like those special interests
Okay, like I said, they're all out including that bitch Irene Richard
They don't like those shows, what they do like is some of what I heard last night again
Oh my God
Oh my God, did I tell you that Walter Sabre was the anti-Christ or not?
By the way, happy paysock
And I'm really pissed off at the Sunsend or from putting these old Jews
On the front page of the paper
Oh hey, man, look, there's a Jew
Yeah, do you see that?
You see what they got on the front page?
All these, and if you read the caption which nobody does
The headlines says celebrating the start of Passover
And it shows all these Stone Age, all Haseedum there with their pay us in their heavy coats
And God, they must smell really good
And they got a fire going over there
They got the burning bush on fire
And it says preparing for paysock
Altra Orthodox Jews in Jerusalem
Use bonfires to burn 11 food items or objects tainted by them
Oh my God, they're burning it over there
People are starving to death, they're a bunch of shleppers over there
They haven't had a meat in their meal in the last six years
And they're burning crap because it's 11
So anyway, getting back to a Walter Sebel
And the stuff I heard last night
I mean, I hate to break the news to you
But all of these trite little cute topics that people are bringing up now this topic driven
Which I told you was going to happen that they denied it because they lie a lot
I told you that's their idea of what a talk show is all about
Of course they're going to sell it anyway so who cares
But what did I tell you?
Oh no, we're not going to do that
It was hot button topics baby
So last night we had what's your name?
We had Aaron Keon and also the ski master
Who's not a bad guy by the way, he's a pretty good guy
Kind of like a doll on the ear, you know what I'm saying?
But nevertheless, she was talking about some story from Kansas
About some guy that gave his girlfriend a $9,000 engagement ring
First of all, who in his right mind unless they're loaded
Unless they're, gives anybody a $9,000 ring
Unless they're out of their mind
And then they split up does he get the ring back
And she's reading this article over and over
Somebody's got a call and of course like three or four insipid calls
Then we had here about water again
How they were house looking for houses
And water doesn't want to send a lease because they're not married
Anyoddy, yoddy, yoddy
And then ski gets on Aaron he's doing a thing about
About service in retailers
I really can't even tell you what the topic was
I can't put my finger on it
And all I hate to break the news to all these experts who have come up with this
And they're going to come in here to try to reinvent w-i-o-d
Which is what I predicted months ago
All of these tight little cute topics years
They've already been done over and over and over again
And they're bible by the way which Walter Sabo was the president of
This talker's magazine
Which you notice this is all over the building now
If you're looking at another copy of talker's magazine
Even I'm on the mailing list now
So if we want to start our own bonfire we got some good stuff
Here's the talker's 10
Here's the top 10 hot topics
Here are those hot topics that we can get those peaks of 20 shares with
Like buddy bud would say
Peaks of 20 shares if we just listen to Walter
Number one, cults and madness
Number two, science
Number three, politics and scandal
Number four, the legal system
Number five, conspiracies
Ooh it must be the trilateral commission
It must be the new world order
That's responsible for that crack head nigger horror call on that show this morning
Can you believe that?
And they left around the air
That's the best part of the whole deal
You saw my reaction
Crack head nigger whole
What the hell is that?
Man, oh man, number six is natural disasters like the run and run show
Number seven is sports
So we don't want to talk about that not here
Number eight gay rights and lifestyle
Number nine, arts and entertainment
And number ten, relationships and gossip
Those are the top ten, those are the hot topics
They're going to put WIOD over the top
I say, by the way, Phil Henry and could have been here today is doing a deposition
That's why I played that thing at the beginning
Just, you know, for little nostalgia
For little nostalgia because you know what?
Back in those days, back before this new regime took over
When Rick and Suds were struggling in the morning but never less doing okay
And I was sitting here fun a little long in the mid days with seven and eight shares
And Phil Henry was in the afternoon entertaining the hell out everybody
And even the sex bitch at night, you know something
Compared to what we got certain hours which I don't want to mention no names
She wasn't all so bad
Her biggest problem except for that fake voice in the a phony laugh was the fact that she ran out of topics after the second week
But she was another graduate of the Walt Sabo School of Media remember
Oh but you don't know who is coaching her every day
Harry penis
Coaching every day on the topics that is
I mean every single day
And she was a big star up there in Orlando
See I hate to break the news to these guys but what plays in Orlando
Ain't necessarily going to play here. This is a Mickey Mouse place
But not quite as Mickey Mouse is Orlando which is a real real nose pick in place
I mean it's like light years ahead of Tampa but it's still a real real serious nose pick in place
Up there in Orlando lots and lots of Bible thuppers and good old boys
I mean if you took Disney World out of there all you got is a bunch of fruit growers
And a few fruits and that's basically all you got that's Orlando for you
So anyway I hate to break the news to these experts that are going to reinvent this radio station
But all those great trite topics they've all been done until they're coming out of your ears
Nobody wants to hear about service in God damn Florida okay
Nobody wants to hear about it
Nobody gives a flying crap about hearing about what's your name is dating the you know after the first five weeks of that
Enough is enough already okay
I want to hear more about the ear wax though
I want to hear more about those cute tips
Do you know what I'm saying? That's what we all want to hear a lot more about is that waxy build up
Because because behind that whole thing there's something really I can't put my finger on
Want a lollipop little boy?
I really can't figure out what that's all about
Here's a mobile on W-I-O-D
Neil
Yes sir our first call of the day
This is going to be a great Tuesday man
You are so right you got no idea and the proof is in the pudding because nobody called in
There was such a low and phone calls you couldn't believe it
Yeah
And she was just grabbing for work
She must have read that article 400 times in an hour and a half
And how come she was only on for two hours and the ski for Msky was on what's that all about?
She ran out of things to say it was almost embarrassing
What do you mean by that?
She had nothing to say and nobody called in
So she just left?
There were times with nobody was talking
What do you mean?
Did we just dead air?
Just for you have for a moment
You could have a woodburning maybe she would have had a woodburning
You better watch yourself mister
You better watch yourself because she's in tight with the consultant man
This is a joke
This is like I was listening to the stuff that was going on on and off on this station last night in between 85 hockey games
And I'm going to tell you something it's enough to make me cry
What are these people thinking about?
I don't know when we listen in the evenings but I got to tell you something
They must think we're in Jacksonville South Carolina or somewhere
They don't they have no clue
They have they're totally out of touch with what this place is all about
You're right
But hey, have a great day
Thanks a lot
Okay
Hey, that's the first day of Pasa or what the hell you want
Look at that board we got we got no calls here today
Panta is playing the Rangers in New York tonight
I'm going to play all my hockey huts stuff today
I got some great exciting stuff I got Rick Jennerette
I got Bob Cole from one Edmonton tie that came up on Sunday night with three goals in a minute and 56 span
I got some great stuff because I'm not going to say to read talk about some asshole paid $9,000 for an engagement ring in Kansas somewhere
And should he get it back?
You know something I don't care if he gets it back
Do you care if he gets it back?
I don't care
I do care about that crackhead nigger or comment on Ron and Ron this morning
Next thing they're going to be talking about the hurricane football team
I mean what the hell is that?
And if anybody can't tell the difference I feel really sorry for you okay
Okay, let's take these hot topics one by one
Cults and madness what do you say
622 W
What do you mean by that?
No, that's the way she did it last night she read the article
She read like a little blurb out of it
Okay, he spent $9,000 he wants to ring back okay
622 W.I.O.D. it's called contrived man contrived
And be sure and present it in such a way that it'll really get the audience whipped up into a frenzy
Contrived controversy what do you think are you pissed off or what?
There we go let's get him pissed man
It's a pay song it's even a work day today for teachers
Why can't they just be honest and say it's a Jewish holiday
Why can't they say that?
The Jews are celebrating pay song today they're eating cardboard
What's wrong with telling kids the truth?
Oh, it's a teachers a work day isn't that what they're calling it by the way?
Teachers work day when it's a glial show holiday when it's Easter
It's Easter it's Christmas it's Easter it's whatever
Which I guess basically that's it
But when it's a Jewish holiday it's never like a Jewish holiday
Because Jews are a small minority so it's a teachers work day today
We got to pacify the Jews you know that's the way it goes
Kind of crap is that it's pace it's pace over man
Oh God I'm gagging on something here I think they got the poison gas going again speaking of Hermann Gehring
I think they're piping a poison gas in here the Paxing people
I wouldn't be surprised if Walter Sebo has got his fine finger in that
Or maybe his fine q-tip is stuck in the middle of this conspiracy
And conspiracies is number five on the list by the way
Let's talk about the Paxing conspiracy that's one of those hot topics
That sure to get his peaks of 20 shares
They don't like all that inside talk. Oh, that's right
Let's see we don't like the inside talk we don't want people talking about W.I.O.D. because nobody cares about the station
We don't want to talk about any of the things that are going on inside
We don't want the producers talking on the air. Sorry
Asshole
We want those hot button topics let's get back to what it's all about
Okay, what do you think war or peace?
Life or death? Right or the far right or the far left?
Has it him with long a piece?
Who's got the better dreadlocks the Hasidim or Ronnie B?
That's our poll question today, okay?
Crackhead nigger whore what what kind of animal?
What kind of piece of redneck trailer park trail she's on Jenny Jones today?
Okay, be sure to check that out
Comes up with a comment like that
See those guys haven't figured it out yet this ain't Tampa
They haven't figured that out yet
And to show you what geniuses the Paxen people are
Their show goes off the year at nine o'clock in Tampa on a station that they own
Paxen owns the station they cut their show off at nine o'clock in the morning
Which was their home base up until three four months ago
Can you figure that out?
I mean how many cubic sir Coney is the half to buy before you can figure what that's all about
Six ten W.I.O.D.
Oh Neil Rodden, what are those on your feet shoes?
What else?
S.O.C.K.S.
You just said kiss my ass in Cantonese
Oh, I'm sorry
Don't be sorry, hey what's that around your waist?
About?
Spell it
You just told someone to f*** off in Zulu
Oh my
And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the National Profaniks language cassette program
National Profaniks can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German, and a host of other languages in just a few weeks
So call 1-800-F*** you today
Because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures is how to tell somebody off
Say buddy S-O-C-K.S.
Okay, okay 10-19 at W.I.O.D.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello
Hi
Yes ma'am
I got a change of topic for you today
What do you think about mandatory sterilization for kids who are on adults who are on welfare
That have more than three kids with three different fathers
Well how come your radio is up in the back first of all?
I think they're definitely ought to be mandatory sterilization for trailer park trash
Do you think it's that farly just civil rights?
Did you hear what I just said?
Yeah
Yeah
I think that anybody who lives in a trailer park first that we should do that by the end of the week
Sterilize everybody in America who lives in a trailer park
Sounds good
That's a good start?
Sounds good
Then I think that anybody who makes under 50 grand a year they ought to be sterilized
Because they can't afford to raise kids
Right
Right
I think that what will happen is we'll form a commission and you and I can be the co-chairman
And we'll decide who can reproduce and who can't
Okay
No seriously I am all for four sterilization
I think that if people can't pass if their IQ is like smaller than their penis size
That those guys should be sterilized
And women whose IQ is smaller than their breast size must be sterilized immediately
Well America's biggest problem is dumb people reproducing
Right
Dumb people making more dumb babies
Happy people don't even know who the father is
Right
Okay I just want to get your opinion
Okay see you at the trailer park
Okay we have a day lines wide open here
Come on we got a hot topic going here today we can get these peaks of 20 shares
And we get this one going
Let's yank it and rip it and pull it and squeeze it and pound it
And bang away at it until they finally get pissed off about it
That's the way you work this thing
Okay
$9,000 for an engagement ring
Oh that's the wrong one okay with him
Okay here we go
So anyway sterilization
Well you got to get in the right page I got my list here I got my 3x5 cards
It's the stabilization of WIOD
Come on 622 WIOD we're going to have a wild day here today man
622 9463
2 and Broward 767 WIOD
The purple one the mobile one line
Whatever that thing is pounded purple at pound IOD
Let's hear it
$9,000 for an engagement ring
He wants it back
Should we sterilize him or what?
Should we sterilize consultants is what I say that would be the best idea
Let's bring back Aaron Summers is what I said
And really you know what this broad is doing
She's doing like a watered down Aaron Summers thing without the insects
Are you following what I'm saying?
It's like watered down without the sex
And there's no spots in there anyway when you come right down to it
So why not just shut off the thing at 9 o'clock sounds good to me
Here's coconut creek hello
Hi
Yes sir
Listen I'm all for sterilization of trail attract
Yeah
And as for your question about what kind of person could say crack head nigger hoe
Well that's got to be one of them fish people
So can spear a cults and
Are you saying to me that she might be a born again Christian?
She might be an expert
That's probably attending a prayer meeting at the Paxen headquarters today in Tampa somewhere
Absolutely
And what I want to say about cults and events
Yes
Yes
What about science?
Don't start giving over my topics here man
You're going to screw it all up for me
What about science?
You just said cults and events science?
Yeah
Science rules
Okay
Okay
Excellent
Number one, cults and madness
Well the greatest cult of all is them fish people
Christianity, the number one cult in the world today that's right
And it's caused more madness
More murder, more mass may him right?
Absolutely than any other so-called cults
So I think it's interesting I think it's interesting that the mafia people are like very big in the Roman Catholic Church
Because the Christian religion taught them how to give people off or they couldn't refuse
Absolutely
And it melts in your mouth, not in your hand
Exactly
I think you covered all ten
The prizes in the mail pal
Thank you
Nice job
Walter be right over to see you
Okay, let's go man this doesn't seem to be doing it 622 WIOD and date come on
What do you think?
Yes or no?
Up or down, thumbs up, thumbs down
622 WIOD and date 767 9463 and Broward
We got all the date and Broward lines waiting on you
God this ain't working too good Walter
This just doesn't seem to be getting the job done
Here's Pompano on a mobile hello
Neil you're in rare form today
I'm in rare form but the audience is dead just because it's Pesa
Let's hear from some goyem today for Christ's eggs it's not there holiday
Let's hear from some damn goyem out there
I hate this wrong with you goyem
I hate to steal one of your topics there but what about the free food at the buffets for the old part?
You'll be pleased to know by the way I'm drinking two bottles today of life kosher water
Natural spring water in honor of Passover how do you like that?
How does water get to be kosher?
The rabbi comes and squirt squirt does a little number in it
That's right
Neil now listen
You can almost taste it
When the new schmuck's the botcher station here
I have never seen you know something in all the years I've been on here
I've been on it's 1024 already I have never started a show
And seeing I got you and one other stiff on here that's it
I got two calls on the board here
We've got these hot topics and we got to cover all ten of them by two o'clock are going to be up to Soros
Let's go here let's get the goyem on the phone
The Jews are busy eating cardboard let's go
Neil now when before you came over to your new station there in Hollywood
Yes all I heard was about not just from you but everybody about the
bitching and moaning and groaning about the equipment and nothing work and can't even afford a fact machine
Right and then you got it
No that was here
Well didn't you got in there for the first couple weeks and everything was peaches and...
No it was not that was the first two days
Oh
We had no facts machine here that took weeks we had no hanging file for the copy
I mean everything we had no paper clips we had no toilet paper they were telling Steve
Nickel you're the guy's got to go pick up the toilet paper in the paper towels
They had no idea how to put together a radio station
What do you think the new station is going to be any better?
Meaning what?
Well I mean it's going to be the first couple days everything will be nice again
And then you'll have to do your stick which is bitch all day
Yeah
Or in other words we don't want it to be too good is that it?
No no I enjoy your bitching
Yeah well that's what I just said we don't want it to be too good
I already told him that don't make it too good
Have a great day
You know you're the best one
God bless you
God bless you son
Let's see ya
This is very weak you know something I'm going to tell you right now I'm going to play hockey highlights for three and a half hours
Still two o'clock unless we get some real serious topics going here today
Unless we get you people off your ass all you going about there all you Spix and Dave County that are sitting back
Just waiting
Here's your opportunity
Arts and entertainment let's hear it
Ellen's coming out is everybody worked up about that like it's a big surprise
Like Martina coming out that was a big shock to me I'll tell you that that would be like that would be like Charles Nelson Riley coming out of the closet on here
That would be a major shock to all of the world wouldn't it?
Ellen's coming out and Jerry fall well pithed off about it too okay and so are all those other goyem
All those other goyem were busy doing each other and everybody anything that moves
They're don't don't forget the ones that point the finger they're the ones that are sticking that finger in places that we can't mention on a year
Although we can say crack head nigger horror on a run and Ron show that way I still can't get over it
I still can't get over it
The level of red neck is that that that audience is all about
Of course they're all gone now anyway so what's to say here's coconut grove hello
No that's coming at one water water's trying to you know we'll take the order of topics as they go okay just calm down
Here's a bokeh hello that was J. Rokeach bokeh hello
Neil yes sir
You know a round and round has got to take what they can get
What does that mean?
That's the audience
Yeah red necks
That's there that's what's turning into their audience
Well what do you mean that's what's turning into their audience that's what's always been their audience is red necks
Okay you're right that's what's that's always been their audience
Well you're listening to it evidently
Are you don't sound like a red neck to me?
No way
You sound Jewish to me you sound Jewish
Are you Jewish?
Hello
Are you Jewish?
Of course
I know it
Happy pay saw
I'm here thank you the same to you but I'm uh give I gave up I'm running around
How do you like that that I knew you were Jewish just on the phone is that pretty good or what?
Well just on the phone I could tell you were Jewish how do you like that?
We have a fence
And you want to know why?
Because there was no aroma of smegma coming over the receiver that's why George
Okay Neil
Cleanliness is godliness don't ever forget it
Neil
Yes
I'm gonna take cults for 30
Okay
The answer is
You lose
Okay we have an open line of date 622 we have uh all the Broward Broward still waiting out there can we find just a few goyem and Broward to get us through this day today
Oh my god paysoch all over again the worst days of the year is Passover time you think that the whole town was Jewish at paysoch time
Put down those stale mozzas I'm telling you they'll kill you pick up something good like some mandal bread
Somebody brought us some mandal bread at the hockey game the which game was it not the last game thank god the one before that that we won
Broward us some mandal bread he made with his own little hands made from mozza with chocolate chips in it and you know something was pretty damn good too
By the way final score tonight since we don't play all that well in New York Rangers 2 Panthers 4 all you Ranger fans talking a big talk in a big talk big big talk open it up
They're big New York mouth we're gonna kick your ass tonight probably kick it again tomorrow night
Because I know we're not gonna have another one of those coma performances tonight like we did the other day just to make it kind of interesting
Okay just because we felt sorry for them we figure we'll let them have one just to make it look good
1028 and WIOD
16 WIOD the station that reaches the beaches the kid be heard in the off-boy hey we know our limits I have no foreskin
So kid you want a career in the Navy what do you think you'd like to do oh I don't know maybe do they have a cruise director
Uh-oh no why do you want to join son oh I don't know something about a Chris white bell bottom uniform with a snappy little black tie
And a Shirley Temple hat that says I'm clean and ready for inspection sir do they have a poop deck I sure would like to play on that
That's a funny work poop deck poop deck. Do they serve my ties on the ship oh
I I poop yeah but okay 1032 it's going around 1032 a WIOD happy Tuesday God I feel great today
I don't know what it is there's something in the air it's paysock it's a teacher's work day
It's going to be a great day on his show today even though there are a little recalcitrant at the moment I got some great hockey stuff
I got rich in a rent with the Sabers winning goal last night I'm going to play all of that eventually when I get around to it when I feel like it
Here's a Davie on a mobile hello
Any other couple points please Sunday during the hockey game during what during the hockey game the hockey game
Yeah you know that great game yeah it was on the way to some friends house watch the game and we were listening to QAM right
Yes
And this clown that was on QAM says oh we don't want to talk hockey today we want to talk baseball
And hung up on anybody want to talk hockey got him Clark or something never heard of him on his out he's out
Yeah well he was history he's out
Oh a second point came back to the federal last night and got to listen to this lovely broad last night what a dumb broad
She's better off with her gas cap routine yeah and she must have read that little article that she was plugging
I had about 600 times and you know and over and over again okay
We get it honey nobody cares move on to something else anything talk about boogers talk about picking your nose in public
Huh she related to go to the same school is that gym really she's the a girlfriend of our consultant
Oh God no I'm going to put this picture together now sir
I'm glad you're bailing Walter Sabo has taken over this radio station
It was a bloodless coup because the Paxon people bought it
They don't have the foggiest idea what to do with it or what it's all about so here's Walter Sabo sold them a bill of goods
I'll come in and show you what it's all about I'll show you how to make it into a Bush league talk station
And man is he ever going to do it trust me when I tell you
WGVA and Geneva never had nothing on us to give him about six months it's going to be dynamite
Sounds like Mike on the have a great day
In fact this this comes under the one of the hot topics natural disasters have a happy
Okay happy paysock we want some goiom on the phone today damn it too many Jews on here go eat your matza
Let's find out what the goiom cure about okay
We have an open line on the purple line we'll talk to some Jews tomorrow let's hear from goiom
Pound IOD on a mobile one purple line we have an open line and date 622 WIOD we have unbroward
7679 463 this misconception that everybody who's a Gentile is somehow a trailer park trash type
I think that this is one of the grotesque generalizations
What you're what are you smiling about?
Do hoole but hoole was don't live in trailer parks do they not as rule can't afford it
Okay, here's Miami Beach hello good morning you sir I turned on WIOD last night at midnight to get some ball scores
Yeah and that guy named Jackie was on ski was on yeah yeah what's the deal I haven't got any idea in fact George who makes out the schedule
When I was asking him about it this morning you looked at me with kind of a blank look like huh?
I just did he was talking about no not k ski he kept saying k
He was talking about his wife toenails that she clipped and found on the he found on the
Oh wait a minute that's topic number seven yeah topic number seven toenail clippings
Yeah and he didn't want to get rid of him but he didn't know what to do with him
Oh my god just lick him
Yeah he kept repeating the same thing you know something it's you it almost be like a joke you think it's a put on but but they're serious
Because this is what they've been brainwashed into believing is how you do it here this is how they want to do the station
They're going to make it into light bulb junior are they light bulb light are they thinking that people are tuning in and tuning out so quickly that they have to keep repeating the same thing over and over and over again
Yeah especially at that hour the night
God beautiful beautiful beautiful so what do you do with those toenail clippings anyway I don't know how I made a necklace let him fly in all directions what I do let the dogs have
Have a happy bye bye happy a forum even though it's the wrong holiday we don't care let's have some
Homotouch and the food is much better on forum time and also at Hanukkah mobile one purple line is waiting on you today pound
I OD we have an open line and date 6 2 2 9 4 6 3 1 and Broward 7 6 7 we're inviting straight people and
Goiim to call it today which you're nearly there excluded of course but they will make an exception because it's a tough day it's paysock baby it's
The day when the orthodox Jews there that embarrasses that humiliates I find that so degrading reminds me when I went to school to Michigan state in East
Lansing Michigan and of course Michigan state is a state university so the kids who live in Michigan get much cheaper tuition than those out of
Staters so there was a kid from Owaso Michigan I could trying to think of his name was Allen something I don't know what his name was kind
Like a real Yahoo gay looked like a Yahoo because he was a Yahoo but not a bad kid but he was just a Yahoo he was the good Yahoo but anyway he was from Owaso
And of course there were many of us from like from New York and from around other parts outside of Michigan who were Jewish and when he met me I was the first Jew he had ever met
And he thought that there were going to be like horns sticking out of my head and that I have paced like sticking down the sides of my thing and have a beanie sold at the top of my head
You didn't show him your tail did you know I did not I didn't even show my back home but now that I think of it now he wasn't that good but at any rate you know this is and you look on the front page of the newspaper
You're talking about perpetuating ugly stereotypes like that crackhead nigger horror comment on Ron and Ron this morning and here's these old ultra orthodox Jews which I'm going to say it again nobody reads make one person out of a hundred is going to read the thing underneath a caption
They all look at the headline celebrating the start of passing they probably think that's in sunrise all the people are read the sun sent they take a look at that
They were looking to picture celebrating the start of Passover here's the fire is burning here's all these get keys with their big coats and their pay us and their big heavy hats looking like something out of those stone age
You crazy crazy ultra orthodox Jews you're out of your mind and let me tell you another reason by the way that they're the ones saying now that the only real Jews they're not Jews
Because it's a oxy moron there's no such thing as a conservative Jew not possible because liberalism is the essence it's the big forget about you can scrape away the gulf of fish and all the all the mots of balls scrape all of that away put it over there I'll have to be with it in a minute
But the bottom line is the fundamental liberalism of the Jewish code of the whole concept of Judaism without that you can't be real Jew I don't care how close to the bone they cut it you know what I'm saying I don't care if you've been sliced so small you're like an acorn like some of the rest of us you still can't be Jewish so the whole concept of that's like Jews for Jesus same same thing ultra right wing Jew can't happen can't be sorry you're out
Here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir I got a question for you yes now I know facts and screwing you over but how come Ron and Ron had Betty boobs or something having a live sex act and they're worried about your program that's so well you're asking me how about giving me an answer I don't know I found out in I found out in the last week that they're doing like live sex stuff during the show I don't care what they do out of the show but during the show they're doing like live sex acts on that
show and this and this man is supposedly a goody a man of the cloth and goody two shoes in hallelujah and don't say God damn on here and all this other phony baloney born again bull crap that this company portrays with their Christian ethics in her manual and everything how can you how can you do business the Christian way when you got guys having sex on you're during a morning show I mean afternoon show that's another story what I don't understand that either I don't know why there maybe maybe one of those good Christians can answer it for us today sir I think you should try to get some trying to answer that
maybe somebody out there's got a good head on their shoulders are just a stop us your balls okay I think you're good so you should go to WQA I am going I'm going I'm on my way good for you see you okay I thought they already knew I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going I'm going already okay it's a slow process I'm going someday open line and day six two two we have one and Broward seven six seven the mobile one purple line is open which is a bad sign pound I OD space off course in the orthodox use they can't call us today can I
I'm not really sure see how I'm I'm like in limbo and this one on y'all I'm sure they couldn't call and certainly not on shabbos but we're not on the air on shabbos anyway so what differences are make what the hell is shabbos I don't know
but on paysock can the orthodox use call us today that's the question right now that this gentleman who just called wants to know can the orthodox use have sex in the morning on a morning show if buddy but facts and don't find out
they have to cover their faces and they have to cover it up and are the Mormons still wearing those feel good what do they call those things
the holy clothes with little hole in them the sacred garments the secret undergarments are the Mormons wearing their secret undergarments today and which side do they have the little hole on
uh exactly where's the flap of the what temple garments temple garments okay temple garments I thought the Jews would be wearing those I thought
that's a good question let's find out today I think slumys has got a sale on them right next to the stale maca you can get one of these real neat hats look like an old Jew
I mean take a look at that is that pathetic is that make you want to care make you want to sit down on on a curb somewhere and cry like a baby
taking a look at that you wonder about the condition of the world today this is what people ought to be talking about and they're worried about
the martial apple white huh that faggot who the hell gives a crap about that he's dead already
he's dead who cares about him but you talk about madness and cults this is what they ought to be talking about these
geckys here right in the front page of the paper and these born again fish people this is insanity man nobody wants to talk about that
they're too busy talking about let's sterilize everybody we don't like which ain't a bad idea
we have an open line in brow at 767 w i o d the purple one line the mobile one line is open which you know that's the barometer
when that line is open you know it's pays off pound i o d we pay for the call mobile one we're desperate today baby
we only got 400 calls lined up here so you better get with it pound i o d no music today no music
because i've made up my mind that i got my list of i got my three by five cards i got my list of
six hundred hot button topics today and we're going to make it work whether walter sabreux it or not how do you
like that because this man is reinvented talk radio as we used to know it he's brought it back to the old
old tired boring Ludlow porch i mean we're talking about yahu nose picking crap that even
Ludlow porch don't want to talk about that's how bad it is okay let's talk about cult suicides let's talk
about the hellbob comment let's talk about the things that nobody in his right mind gives a flying
crap about okay but the consultants and all these talk experts they think this is what you people
care about which is why most of these shows are syndicated and have like a point three share
ten forty three a w i o d if you want something for free there's the magic word that will come up in
his town free something good for free no less how about two something's good for free who sounds good
to me pick up the phone right now and call one eight hundred four hydron one eight hundred the
number four h wide r o n and they will send you their great free catalog of super the best in the
universe skin care products that are the best on the market today anywhere for both men and women
and i'll also send your free sample so you smear it around a little bit yourself and find out
just just how great it is for you and if you're one of those real big shots out there mr.
smoothie or mr. smoothie you think so i don't need no skin care you're wrong because no matter
what you do you got to have one of their products for example if you replace ports menthol ice
from hydron is a must you'll also want to be sure and use hydron hand lotion because hydron
products moisturize your skin without leaving it feeling greasy because when it gets greasy
have a tendency to drop the quarters on the floor hydron works like this is it dries on your skin
it creates an invisible shield that is water insoluble moisture holding long lasting the sheatel
lets your skin breathe because it lets the oxygen in in the carbon dioxide out even hydron cleanser
won't take away any skin natural protection the way so many of those other skin care products do
so if you want something really great for free when in doubt check this out pick up your phone
right now call hydron for the free catalog and free sample even the phone call is free what more
could you want for christ sakes call 1-800-4 hydron that's 1-800 the number 4 hyd ro n and ro n
6-10 wi-o-d and deep in the heart of some far off general we've received word that some natives
seem to be worshipping some kind of unusual god a voice from far far away has captivated
these isolated people if you listen closely you may just hear
uh
let's just go get drunk
we're worldwide baby www.audionet.com or www.paxing.com come and worship with us with 6-10 wi-o-d
6-10 wi-o-d
you better be fucking be ready to play with the big boys
hi now i'm uh my am a resident and i just happened to hear the meal talk show
on my way home and i think it's absolutely horrible and i don't understand how anybody
with values and morals or social conscience can allow such a thing to be broadcast on their
station this guy is just cursing at people insulting blast feeling just spreading anger and hatred
i don't understand that i mean do you have children do you have a family do you care what's going
on you know in the world here that that just this bad stuff should be going around someone just
venting all their hatred and anger at innocent people i mean he just left somebody crying on the
sun the air and uh maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station but
this is really not what the world needs i mean things are bad enough i don't think we need a guy
like this and i really find it very offensive and and just horrible i mean how would you like
if your children were listening to that and growing up in a world where this kind of thing is
acceptable where people can talk like that and and be pain for it and be endorsed i mean
i'm just horrified and disgusted and i'm sure i'm not the only person to feel that way
please try and take consideration of you know the rest of the world and the other people that
have to listen to this kind of garbage and i hope you will because this is really something that's
not acceptable if you want this world it gets to be a better place this is not the way to do it
all right the who have to listen to this kind of you know as that they have to listen to it they
have no other choices of course and either you cheat she's the one to tell us what's acceptable
and what's not another good Christian i'm sure she probably got a fish on her thing
she's got a fish on her pus but she's going to tell us what's acceptable and what's not hey there's
your marioga or stick a one in there not enough i told you flyers and four i told you the penguins
they're going down they got no defense they got no nothing they're going down and four straight
here's Miami hello hello nio yes sir who they are calling you for Miami when is Diaz come a stop
good good first time calling one time listener great i just called to talk about last night
tuning into air and case show yes sir that's your name i cannot believe this lady talking to him
she talked about i got you down yeah started off reading this paper about nine thousand
dollar engagement who's the first of all would buy a nine thousand dollar engagement with another
some guy who needs mental help i think and then yeah did you hear what he started her show with
no he's her little song she said she wants that yeah can you believe that we love you what
Karen Neil sock something like that yet lovely well see this is part of the water
stable strategy is to have her be the anti-neil see and give me to talk about her a lot and
believe me i'm all you got to do is listen to her once you'll never listen again
and oh another thing i want to talk about the pan trying for you Karen i'm getting a big audience
but they'll never come back what is it now the panthers game on sunday i went one with my girlfriend
and third period three of zero beginning of the period everybody's leaving the arena now left with
seven minutes left excuse me i left with seven minutes to go and that with in the third period
third period people are leaving i was sitting the highest sitting arena you could sit in yeah
and i was nearly five i got to be honest with you that game on sunday i can't blame anybody for
leaving whenever they wanted that was that was they should have given us refunds i was looking for
the refund window on the way out that was bad they didn't even show up and i think those were a
bunch of impostos those weren't the panthers they were impostos they were a christwals clones in
uh in drag anyway yes sir including see air in k murda
see you bye what do you say air in k one mirda oh mirda oh jeez you can't say air in k
so anyway anybody out there ever have a nine thousand dollar engagement ring i had one in my mouth
once we have two open lines in date six two two nine four six three six two two w i o d we have
an open line of broward our topic today is cittus can we say that on the air okay anybody out there
wearing cittus today did anybody call you to tell you fourth of our shoes can call on paysox or not
i guess they could call yeah no well they don't have to be orthodox to call we're not talking about
super orthodox see there's not really three branches of Judaism there's like conservative and
reformed in orthodox there's like mini branches the orthodox they got like the uh yeah i'm a little
orthodox and maybe i got a beanie on my head but then there's the super the from the ultra orthodox
like the ones here in sunrise under the paper this morning burning a bonfire burning wonder bread
oh that's what we should be playing the bread is wonder too bad we don't have the original one
it was a lot longer and much much better but of course somebody had destroyed those tapes anyway here's
a mobile in Miami hello the oragers yes sir i'm behind the second only maple leaf fan in Miami
no you're not we got a lot of leaf fans down here sir we have many leaf fans i'm driving 55 miles an
hour on ninety five and this maple leaf person's got their car blastered in maple leaf that's
behind them i thought you were one yeah do you all sound like a man yeah anyway all right amount of
material okay thanks for the good news go leafs go how the leafs doing on a playoffs by the way
they're not or the hell is that thing by the way the bread is wonder isn't that on this uh where
the hell is that George which thing is that on i'm gonna start getting really pissed off if i can't
find a day six two two two w i o d we have one and broward seven six seven the mobile one purple line
is weak today weak today because i guess those go about there can't afford cell phones is at it
pound i o d mobile one pays for it no matter what you got pick it up and uh give it a shot
our topic today which one is it our topic is uh relationships and gossip
that's number ten on the list well let's move now let's go up to science okay are you
forward or against it science thumbs up or thumbs down let's hear it Carl Sagan good guy or bad guy
dead guy good guy or bad guy how did you like that phony uh thing i mean he was great but he put on
that phony uh that affected voice you know what i'm saying oh i used to drive me nuts what was that
the thing he did on uh PBS cosmos see even the way you said that yeah cosmos yes
millions that oh that phony affected that oh geez maybe he should be dead well he is here's
hollywood hello yes sir hey man you got a go here yeah all right big time circumcise here's a big
time go with a big time uh circumcision i have no foreskin all right move the cell i'll bed
hey does anybody know that Jim really bottoms out for water stable bottoms out huh bottoms man
well that kind of confirms other stories we've been hearing too bad we can't leave that go on
we have two open line i think he's too old open lines in brown and seven six seven nine four six
three seven six seven w i o d is that something or what Jim really there's another so uh do they
like that show they probably like that because he isn't one of those specialty shows you know they don't
like those right a specialty show yeah he's show is a specialty show it's for people who believe
divergent merrius on a side of that bank building and uh want to talk about uh getting laid in
Mexico that's basically it and mentioned my name about four hundred times every weekend that's
basically what he does he's going to be doing mid days here by the way that's a rumor two open
lines and brown words seven six seven w i o d let's see algor goes to china that's our topic next hour
you like it or you don't like it are you pissed off at those little slanty i'd gooks or what how
about algor does he need a personality transplant this week or next week
okay now i got news for you say i mean well that's gonna be it next election it's gonna be algor
against whichever knit with that the republicans come up with which uh who could that be could be
anybody another loser i i predict nobody shows up i predict everybody stays home here's a pompato
beach hello nail yes sir oh are you great um how come we got no post game show for the panther
because it's on waxy sir because they're selling them short because they're short changing our great
panthers after all season long that's the way they do it and uh don't pithed off well i understand
i mean i understand let me say it again do when they have the marlin conflict the game should be on
their fm it should be on kiss and if it were if it was my team i would demand that would be on one
of their stations not farmed out to this waxy thing okay not that i want to create a problem over
there for my close friend Greg read but those games should be on kiss on a fm which people can hear
with a post game show well you can straighten it out hey listen sure what happens to the sabers now
with the dominator out what do you mean what happens they won the game last night and uh he's day
today he might be back next game you think he'll be back she'll be played great last night what do you
complain about well i understand that i mean if he's out for a long period of time i might you
know he's not out for a long period of time they said it's day today so it can't be you know that bed
okay very good in fact it might it might be uh he doesn't play that great in a playoffs anyway
he never has they never go anywhere in a playoffs maybe it's the best thing that happened to him
could be because i thought them to be very similar to the panthers last year with great gold
tend to they don't have to worry about him they got to get Matthew Barnaby back that's the spark plug
that's the guy that uh they need badly okay Matthew Barnaby very good uh rangers to panthers four
that's what i just said i hear you okay you got it get out of here so anyway speaking of buffalo
flipping around in the boys one minute left in regulation all right
you passed through the middle channel back together and i'd rip it up to galley you've said it
galley feeding one in hi up the glass and behind the net chip that in front and peckah
wouldn't come up with it it was in his game say we're skipping it in with Warren he leaves it to
peckah peckah gets taken down he's Warren trying to get in front of the net broken up jammed in
front again three shot he fucked it just like by Warren back in the corner door running york
and heavily into the boards sabers trying to keep it in and do the crab in the corner by
afflixon no penalty a jammer on the boys again come down in front of the show right now take
into the sink we have three shots this guy the buffalo sabers with 19.1 seconds left on the clock
that one is hammered home the sabers in front by one a wild celebration both on the ice and
at the buffalo bench sabers putting on incredible pressure in the last minute to play and
soaked one away that take the lead and you could drop a pin in the corral center
oh that only noise is the shuffled of feet people leaving the building they're
shuffling it up there in the corral center what are that rich january man he's okay in my book
1058 at w i o d coming up tonight rooms williams in drag 16 w i o d
oh Miami fort lauderdale the old roger's got
little east
damn god
you've got had a bomb and took a hit then would he act like cheat and charm
and get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair
and would he share it with jesus and the saints no those highest hot heads and yeah yeah
hot is great and yeah yeah hot is good and yeah yeah yeah yeah what have got
smoked cannabis smoking hot like one of us
getting high on the back of the bus just in the notice getting storm
on a greyhound bus to roll to get some badic in home roll
oh
a couple time back to take home
moke up big bob marley on his throne
no fun in heaven this your storm
yeah
oh
w i o d happy twos day happy paysox baby don't eat too much motsol your kids out there don't let
your parents force you to eat that crap. It'll kill you man. Sooner or later you're
going to die if you eat that crap. So anyway here's some pretty interesting stuff. It says
proof that Jesus was Jewish. He went into his father's business. He lived at home until
the age of 33. He was sure his mother was a virgin and his mother was sure he was
God. Proof that Jesus was Irish. He never got married. He never had a steady job. His
proof that Jesus was Puerto Rican. His first name was Jesus. He was always in trouble with
the law and his mother didn't know who his father was. Three proofs that Jesus was Italian.
He talked with his hands. He had wine with every meal and he worked in the building trades.
Three proofs that Jesus was black. He called everybody brother. He had no permanent address
and nobody would hire him. Three proof that Jesus was Californian. He never cut his hair. He walked
around barefoot and he invented a new religion. All right. What was that? What was that?
What was that too? Well got some good facts stuff here today. Some good anti-religious stuff.
Thank you so much by the way. The more the merrier from Nick who talks about the
contradictions of all this the Bible and all this hocus, focus and bullcrap and has got a whole
great list of them here. For example Exodus 20 verse 8. Remember the Sabbath day to keep it
holy but then in Romans 14 5 it says one man is steameth one day above another. Another
steameth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. In other words,
say do whatever the hell you want. On the permanency of the earth ecclesiastes one four, the earth
abided forever. Peter the element shall melt with fervent heat the earth also in the works that are
there and shall be burned up. Ah. And on and on and on. Here in Genesis it says I've seen God face to
face and my life is preserved but in John it says no man has seen God at any time. How do you like that?
And it's got a whole list of what two million 485 contradictions in all this biblical gobbledy
book but don't confuse these people with the truth because they want to wear all that heavy clothing.
Save that for me please. Okay. We have all the Broward lines. Why don't we hear today?
Man kneel us on the ear. He's like foaming at the mouth. He's ready to rock and roll and Broward is not.
What a shock. What a surprise. 767 W. I. O. D. and Broward are topic today. The Halebob comment.
You like it or don't you? How about that tail? Anybody out there one other? It's got a turd tail.
Can't be all bad if it's got that many tails. 767 W. I. O. D. The mobile one purple line is open
pound I. O. D. Out of town to green lines forget about them. Even to go him up there and
Palm Beach or all Jewish today because it's paysox. Here's Halea. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is this new?
Yes it is. Hey new man. This is the first time I ever talked to you man. You're the best.
I am. Yes you are. You know it's I'm lucky to be listening today. I had to stay home.
Yeah because it's a Jewish holiday today. No because you know I was sick today.
Isn't that a holiday indeed? No no seriously they have school in day today.
Yeah. Oh my god. What a bunch of anti-semites on paysox. Yeah. Man. No but you know I was like
I did the right thing. You did the right thing. Stay at home. No man but you know I've been
all listening to you from almost two years now you know you're the best man for me. Yes I am.
Say it again. I do the man. I don't know why people bitch about your show man.
Because they can't deal with the truth because they're a bunch of mental cripples that's why
they're emotional cripples. Listen to it. That's right. I know that's true man. Well can I
pick off somebody douchebag? Go ahead. My brother Abraham and his girlfriend Vicki
her a bunch of douchebag. And brother his name is Abraham. Yeah. Is he Jewish?
Yes. Have a great day pal. All right. Happy paysox. Hello. All right. Okay we have an
here's a Julio with a brother's name Abraham. A.B. Hey A.B. Okay. Open line. No his sister's name is
K. Indeed. 629 463. We have Broward County. We're still waiting on Broward. Look at this. Look at
this on paysox. No less. You're going to burn in purgatory if you don't call me today and talk
about life on Europa. If you don't talk about golf and tag your woods today man. Let's hear
about tag. Oh and speaking of golf by the way. Another little contra-dumps. I don't see Michael Mayo
writing no column about this. About fuzzy zealard. Don't you love that name fuzzy zealard. Another
golf hole. He said Monday he was only joking when he was suggested that Tiger Woods not make fried
chicken and collared greens. The featured dishes at the champions dinner next year at the
Masters. But he says he'll apologize if Woods is offended. And by the way Tiger Woods made some
anti-dike comments in an interview that he didn't know we're going to be printed too. So all
these golfers are nothing but a bunch of far-bisoned goy-m. So David Halberstam just makes a little
a little comment that was much into about nothing and people are trying to get his ass fired which by
the way Michael Mayo still hasn't apologized yet. And fuzzy zealard says something about collared
greens and fried chicken. And Ron and Ron have got some bitch on there talking about crack head
nigger hose and nobody cares about that. I don't see where Michael Mayo calling to write a
column about that. Oh, there's kosher waters killing me. Oh God. Open line of date 622.
Broward County last call and Broward 767 W I O D. We got the big game. The Rangers and the Panthers
in New York tonight. Any interest whatsoever. Any interest in anything today. If I spent $9,000
on an engagement ring for my dog. And Karen case swallowed it. And the ring too. Would you take it
back? That's the question today. Okay. I had one in my mouth once. Here's Miami. Hello. Now. Yes.
Oh, I'm there. Let's get with it. I didn't want to get French or anything but I hate listening to the phone.
Yeah. What's going on? I haven't talked in a long long long long. Not a goddamn thing going on
this place. This is dead as a door nail. We've got to wake these bastards up. Get some of these hot
button topics to get these people going. But you get them pissed off. You're still in room for
dude. Yeah. I'm going to be in room for them all day today. I feel great. I'm finally over this crap.
I've had for 15 weeks. I'm finally all healed up and ready to rock and roll in this town. They just
can't do it. Well, let me give you some of the places. So dead. This town is so dead. It's dead. Isn't
this a dead place? That kind of God. But listen, when I was when you were there screaming for calls,
like casually walked over and called you. Now, if you would have said the magic words, I would have
ran and jumped for the phone. In reek. Oh Louise. Oh Louise. You don't like Louise? You don't
like Louise? Oh, what's not to like? Oh Louise, do not. How about you? Say I'm going to play
Louise. How about in reek. Uh Louise Miguel. But you don't mind in reek. I think you got a
thing for in reek. No, not really. But it's just like last time I told you when you had said,
I'm going to start playing Louise Miguel songs. Somebody doesn't start calling. Yeah. I mean, I jumped.
I'm going to start. I'm going to start playing Rick Riley bits of people don't call.
That'll do it. What station is, um, is, um, uh, still had me on in the California. KFI. KFI.
FI 50,000 watts. How do you call? You were letting all you doing or anything like that? We talked
to him on Friday. We called him and we'll come up. He's doing great. He's doing excellent. He's
doing great. There's some assholes think that he wants to come back here. I got news for you. He's
only here for those depositions and that stupid Brian Cox lawsuit. And once he gives the last word
on that, he's on a plane and out of here. The best anybody that gets out of here, they'd have to be
out of their mind to come back here. Other friend of mine, he was also a big kneeler. You left
from here to, um, to Georgia. Right. And he loves it. I said, yeah, he made the big move and
not too soon. I can't wait to get out of here. Oh, my, my man. What a place. This place is a
point. The people are like about as friendly as a cobra. What's up with that lady? I
I didn't go for a couple of minutes. I thought it was like a joke. I thought Aaron was back.
Karen Kay makes Aaron Summers sound like Walter Cronkite on a great day.
She is unacceptable. Exactly. But what do you put? What did you find her? How did you get her on
the show? She's the girlfriend of the consultant. The Walter Sabo's girlfriend. Haven't you heard her say
that 4,000 times? I did hear you say that. There you go. Incredible. I'm sure that had nothing to do
with the fact she's got the job, but just a coincidence. But she doesn't talk about anything. Yeah.
She's got the hot topics, baby. She's got the hot topics. What do you think? Should she give the ring
back or not? Should she give the freaking ring back or not? Oh, well, this asshole spends nine grand
on an engagement ring. They break up. He should get the ring back, right? Yeah. I think they ought to
stick their ring in his neck. That's what I think. Incredible. Have a great day, Pat.
Number one, dude. A rivet archie. Ciao. Now we got two open lines in date. We just can't keep the
going with it today. The Jews, they're busy. They're still doing their satyr thing. They're drinking wine.
They're passed out on the floor too much wine last night from their big satyr. If it was good enough
for Jesus, it's good enough for them. That's what Bonnie said. 1115 at W.I.O.D. Here's something that's
good enough for you. It's family bank. It's good enough for me. Let me put it this way. If it's good
enough for me, it's good enough for you. Okay? If family bank, I don't want to sound like arrogant
or condescending, but if family bank is treating me great, they're going to treat you great. It's just
as simple as that and they will. They don't care whether you got like five dollars or five
million dollars or something in between, which is more likely. They'll take great care of you and
your money. They're not going to make mistakes every five minutes. And if they do make a mistake,
they'll look corrected humbly like, oh, we screwed up and what can we do to make you happy? And
do actually occasionally, depending on which teller you get, they do stick a lollipop in your
thing once in a while just just because they're great people. They got seven convenient
brower locations. They got the lowest service fee in Broward. They got all the features you want.
They have a drive-through that opens early eight o'clock in the morning every day. They're open
Saturday morning even for your convenience. They have eight TM's at all locations. They honor
Syrus, they honor Presto, they honor Honor. And you're just going to love doing business with
these people. The old fashioned way of banking man, they get to know you. They treat you friendly.
No big song in a dance when you try to do a transaction. So fire your unfriendly big chain
bank that treats you like a number in a computer. Say goodbye. See you. Give me all my money. See
you later. Good luck to you and head for Family Bank. They'll treat you great. Family Bank member
FDIC. 16 WIOD. When the Don is in town, she's not listening to us. Okay, 11, 18 at WIOD. We have an
open line on the mobile one purple line, which is not doing too good today. See, when that line
ain't doing too good, that should be like doing bio rhythms, like doing psychic readings.
As soon as that goes out, it should light up again because everybody and their brothers out there
driving around. I didn't see no light traffic today. Traffic was heavy duty coming to work.
That was all right for me. Huh? But it wasn't lighter than usual just because it's paysock,
just because the kids are out of school in Broward. Are you telling me the kids in
day to have to go to school today on a Jewish holiday? Sounds to me like that. Mayor penis must
be anti-Semitic, huh? The one that sold everybody out to Mickey Ererson who just happens to be Jewish,
too, by the way. I just thought I threw that in there for good measure. Just in case you didn't
know that Alex, you two faced piece of third. Mickey Ererson happens to be Jewish and his daddy
Ted is over there in Israel with nine billion dollars that we ain't never going to see no taxes on
here. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. Are you being great?
Rangers are going to kick up. That's what I know. Yeah, I doubt that. Four two Panthers.
Four two no. It's already done. Four two Panthers. We have an open line in day at six two two nine.
By the way, get get out from underneath that thing, whatever you're under. Okay. Do you hear the way
sound like Lloyd Bridges? Six two two W. I. O. D. in day. We have an open line in Broward. Seven six seven
nine four six three. Here's Opalaka. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Science rules. What is it? Science rules.
Science rules. Okay, but we already heard that. You're the best. You're the best. Yeah, we know that.
Hey, question. Well, let's move down to list women. Maybe you can give me a quick comment on some of
the how about politics and scandal? They can't hand in hand. Legal system. It sucks. Conspiracies.
The way of life. Natural disasters. Can't help it. Gay right. Gotta have it.
Art the Netter Tamad. Oh, that's the same thing. Relationships in gossip. Go ahead and hand.
I just, Adam was asking for an interesting question. That is that if, oh, who was it? It wasn't Adam.
Somebody was asking an interesting question. That is the water sable breaks up with Karen K. Does she
have to give the show back? Of course. Okay. Okay, Neil. Love you.
Haha.
Two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, gasping for oxygen.
As they can try topics, just don't get the job done, sweetheart. It doesn't get the job done.
Because nobody gives a flying crap about some stupid little article out of a newspaper
that somebody bought a nine thousand dollar engagement ring in dumb fork Texas somewhere,
or Kansas, wherever the hell it was, nobody cares. Actually, I should know it for baited by heart
by an other whole article because she read it 65,000 times. Nobody cares. What does it have to do
with the price of rice? How does that affect our lives? Why should we care? Oh, it has to do with
relationships. That's right. We're doing relationships without the sex. We're doing errands summers
without the spice, without the penis and without the vagina that we're doing it.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. First time call up a very long time listener.
Great. Neil, want to let you know just well talk about two things. One, the fact that
Broward schools are closed today and my son is home. Yeah. They're still a little bit bogus here
in that it's a teacher planning day. They did not have the you know what to close the school for
pass over. That's what I just got through sand. If it's a if it's a Goya shaholiday, if it's
Christmas, if it's Easter or some Goya shaholiday, they're closed for Christmas. Okay, but when it's a
Jewish holiday and we got to close up to pacify the Jews, then it's a teacher's planning day. It's
a teacher's work day. The teachers went to the matinee at Highlight. It's something like that. Why
don't they have the cajon's to say it's a Jew day? Oh, absolutely. And better still my last comment.
Last night, sitting around first night, satire, family, friends, having a good time. I like it. I like it.
Yeah. Yeah. Long rings. Hi, I'm from the Miami Harold. Would you like a subscription? Yeah, Tom,
Cox a hoist. Oh, don't ask what I didn't tell them. And this morning, call circulation vice
president and ask if they have solicitors on Christmas Eve calling the subscriptions. Right in the
middle, well, you know, they're anti-Semites at the world anyway. So that proves it. That proves it.
That proves it beyond a shadow of it. The only reason they let Bob Rubin and Howard Kleinberg stay
on staff there is because they have to have a couple of tokens. Exactly. Exactly. Well, go
panthers tonight or two panthers tonight. Peace of cake. We're going to wake up tonight. We went
into a little coma or waking up from your mouth. They had some a pace of power. Pace,
aqua and it's a mogen. David. They'll be okay. Well, my surprise. They'll be ready to skate. Okay.
Goodbye. See you. So we're our poll question today is where do we find the chocolate mottes?
Brook was having trouble finding that. Brook, by the way, will not be on tonight again because it's
it's a pace often. She's real Jewish right now. She. Oh, she's looking. Okay. We have two open
lines in day six, two, two. We have one in Broward, two in Broward. It's very weak, very, very weak.
This is always the worst couple of days of the year. Why? Do we have no glam in this audience?
Is the whole audience Jews? All those Julios out there while a one guy, even his brother's named
Abraham. What does that tell you? Even our Julio listeners are Jews. They're jubens.
Six, two, two W. I. O. D. And I'm going to play this Bob Kualtsegment from the Edmonton
Games Sunday. It's about three and a half minutes. Great stuff, man. It'll blow out all the calls,
but it's great. I mean, it's scintillating. The last couple of minutes there when Edmonton came
from down three, nothing tied it up. And then of course went on to win it over time. Just unbelievable.
Phenomenal. Gut wrenching. Teres your kiscus. Broward County, two open lines in Broward,
seven, six, seven, nine, four, six, three. As we we haven't had a call in Palm Beach today.
Have we all in a half, not a call on the out of townlines? What the hell did the rabbi do?
Squirt score in this kosher water, man. I'm gagging on it. Good God.
Nothing nice Jewish scam here. Life kosher water. What's not to like?
And these guys are real comedians. They say, oh, we're having a good time with it. What does that
mean? It's got a star of David on it on the label. Does that make it kosher? Does it have a little
circle K? It has a circle jerk on it. Yeah. It says a little, does it have a circle you want it?
Let's see. It says sodium free big deal. Big Macia. Oh, it says big Macia on it. That's what does it.
It don't even have a little circle you want it. How do you like that? Fet. I think it's trife.
Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
When is evening to you? Hey, listen, my new daddy would I'm so excited to talk about it. Yeah.
Anyway, this last lady she reminded. Whatever that means. I mean, we don't have anything for new
daddy so that'll have to do. Thank you. This last lady reminded me about the incident I had with
my new, my new staper delivery person, the Harold. Yes. I was sleeping very soundly one evening and
the 550 doorbell rings. So I got my rundown stairs in a in a in a a sleepwalking super.
Apparently she had thrown the neighbor's newspaper up and it landed on my roof and she wanted me to
get it down for her. And the paper too. Can you believe that? Unbelievable. 550 in the morning.
Incredible. I got you down. Have a good day, Neil. Nice call, pal. See you. See you.
Okay, we have a deadline. He's reproducing. Daylines are open. 6229463. All of them. 6222. I think
that guy gave me a good idea before Luis Miguel. Haven't heard a lot of Luis this year.
Too much Enrique, not enough Luis. I mean, we love Enrique at least I do. I love him dearly. You have no
idea. But Luis, exactly. Luis is so great. In fact, I was coming to work this morning,
listening to Luis during the middle of that show that I don't listen to on our station. And I was
taking to myself how come when he does his concerts here? The Harold always has to do this obligatory
review where they take a few shots or when he has a new album come out they have to do. They take
a few shots because they know that I am obsessed with Luis Miguel. And therefore, it's the anti-neil
thing. If Neil likes it, we got to knock it. Kind of like excess magazine, New Times, same mentality,
same much assholes. Dave County, 6222, WYOD, all alike. What am I doing this for? What am I doing
this? Why do I go through this? I'm not even going to be here. I'm a lame duck. I'm not even
going to be here. And I'm still pumping and pushing and yanking and pulling and twisting. And with
the numbers too. I mean, the guy spent $9,000 on a freaking ring for Christ'sakes. Can't you make a
comment about it? If you spent nine grand on a ring, what institution should we stick your ass in?
That's the question. And if you brought that as an opposite topic on a talk show,
do you really belong on a year? No. There you go.
610 WYOD.
Don and Mike blow.
All right.
All right.
1132 WYOD. I'm going to have some more of that stale Shamura Matsu in there. But it gets nice and
hard like a brick on the second day. And oh, man, it's great. Nothing like having it on a brick
when it's going in and coming out. Here's sunrise. Hello. Happy Paisach, Neil. And back to you, sir.
Just before Paisach, I went over to Admiral Coast Restaurant. Yeah. Oh, phenomenal food.
Yes, it is. Oh, thank you. While waiting online, though, which also was phenomenal, thank you.
Yeah. I walked around the park. Oh, yeah. I found this place called Secrets. Have you been there?
Called what? Secrets. What the hell is that? So, lingerie boutique, adult boutique. No. This place
was great. You got to get there. Yeah. Check out their back room. Uh-huh. Well, what's going on in there?
Huh? What's going on in there? What's going on there? Last of adult video, Falcons. Everything
you could want. Yeah. You'll enjoy it. I promise. All right. Can you do me a favor for my father,
the can't do who ran the state of the last two nights? Could you play Rostadjou?
Rostadjou? Rostadjou. On Paisach, I'm going to play that.
Rostadjou. Rostadjou. I say, I deny. I say, well, you're your boy. How come you don't
do that? I like gochetsu. And I ride the motorbike. Chicken soup with carnada. That's what I like.
Have you ever tasted? Cretchfish, fresh and cringe. Flanting and give filter fish.
That's much more my speed. Rostadjou. Rostadjou. Rostadjou. Rostadjou.
I want me tell you Rostadjou.
Oi.
I'm dying out of here.
Oi. Rostadjou. Rostadjou. Rostadjou.
Yes, my Rostadjou.
How are you doing? It's like you're smoking a nose-pike, bro.
Rostadjou is keeping your pants on butt.
Rostadjou is getting up and shaking.
Do you want me to come for that?
I'm going to get crazy. I'm going to get crazy.
I'm going to get crazy. I'm going to get crazy.
I'm going to get crazy. I'm going to get crazy.
How much do we just play this all day? I'm obsessed with this.
Oh, right.
Just the lick up.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
11.37 at WIOD. Happy Passover, man, which is another one of these silly holidays.
When everybody sits around, they have a satin, they drink wine, and they eat this, uh, this matzah.
Which, by the way, if we had some shmuckers preserved today, man, we'd be shmiering it.
It would be great. Thank you so much.
We'd be shmiering it on our shimura matzah.
Ever shmier your shimura matzah?
Here is a fact that says you are unacceptable.
all right
we've been devoted godfiring w i d listers wage war against you
all of the list the difference between ron and ron and you was that
everyone knows ron and ron are pure satirical comedy
and that you mean the horrendous things you say yeah they're not a bunch of
rednecks right there pure sat there redneck you trailer park trash all
you
let's see it says it seems that some of my other atheist colleagues fact
to be four i could but i thought you'd find this very entertaining on
Passover from eric
and the culinary oh here's a bunch more give you all all of that stuff in
here's a whole bunch more stuff and the culinary department god says
hath he not sent me to the men
that sit upon the wall that they may eat their own dung and drink their own
scored scored with you in is a it says that
the lord commanded and now shout eat it as barley cakes and now shout bake it
with dung that come out of man in their sight oh god
matza tasted kind of crappy to me anyway
then he also says and you shall eat in leviticus
and you shall eat the flesh of your sons and the flesh of your daughter
shall you eat
as an eat this I can not during lunchtime I can't read that
grotesque and too graphic by the way how come i'm already in the next
hours there's some special reason i'll hear this
okay eleven thirty nine at w i o d is a mobile in aventura hello
hello nelt yes
a decent pay for
uh... last night i met a cedar and this guy brings over matza
that is covered
in a dark chocolate
it was so i better has to do something with what i just read there from the
bible
it was a little bit like the whole thing well he had to break the news to you but
it was
so uh...
i'm driving you ever had chocolate matza before it was good no
no it happened to be very good for the hell you've been hiding all your life
chocolate covered matza's like uh... famous
i'm a good at converted what the hell do i know nothing nothing
so i'm driving in aventura
they're listening to ron and ron by the way the good christians
i've got for inquisions normally i don't even look at the car in front of me
that don't want no crack nigger horse in their neighborhood yes
exactly the car in front of me had a had a uh... fish on there
and i'm looking at it and think what they hold it that's a
and i get a close to it in the middle it says
the filter
alright i like it
alright
i would i was going to have
where she got it and i laugh so hard what that's the best all i got to i got
to get one of those i have got to have that
if i could have chased the girl down she made a right before i could catch her
red i get a chaser down i would have grabbed it if that's it off her car
and the fish to i love it that was a bad crack up for ten minutes
incredible
but nothing like some good inner-friending due to take over jesus there you go
so uh...
one quick request
on pay for
yeah
the public smoke so okay
i read it she
two open lines and they'd six to two nine four six three
that's great you filter fish if you got to get filter fish on a back of your
car you can't be all bad
if you got one of those other fish on the back of your car it stands for
fg
farbicin a guy
here's a lady in the field beach hello
yes ma'am
i wanted to respond to the woman who called about not recognizing the path of a
holiday in school
yes
uh... and and the school you're not allowed to recognize any religious
holiday
that's why christmas break to
to christian people is
winter holidays and Easter break is spring vacation
i see
somebody pick on the
well that's
that's a novelty
okay thanks
and back to you
by that
yeah she's right she's right they don't call it that's right and you know
something let's keep it that way let's keep religion out of the schools okay
all these crazy people are want to stick all for just put prayer back in a
school
just put prayer back in the school that'll do it right whatever you say
there was a great letter to the editor one of the papers a couple of days ago
about that
and about this woman's right in what she was in school they had to say the
Lord's prayer and i had all this other bull crap in there and in the meantime
everybody was getting knocked up and we're sent off to these finishing schools
in vermont they have their baby because all the same crap was going on then
so sitting down again somebody to mumble a few meaningless words
uh... isn't going to get the job done okay it isn't going to get the job done
go pray someplace else
like uh... vinson said godfather three love somebody else
two open lines and they had six to two nine four especially with that big
schnauzer's goal of somebody else okay Sophia you give me heartburn just
looking at you would at big ugly push my god
she couldn't act her way out of a paper sack
here's for a lot of the other mobile hello
hello nil yes sir
well
uh... happy pace over uh... pass over
yes
uh... well
doesn't mean nothing to me but neither
i could give a crap less it's uh... it's just another pain in the ass
excuse why people are too busy to be uh... talking to me that's what it's all
about
i'm always too busy this town's always got an excuse it's the end of the season
it's the beginning of the season it's spring break it's uh... whatever they
all year long there's another excuse they're busy
i'm working uh...
it's like you me too
i'm a work in juan paysock you know something i woke up this morning
and i thought to myself as long as my good friend brook is taken off today
and i bet you there's some other people are shown up here today
why the hell don't i have a sudden here religion you know
there you should have a good to say something to me if i don't come in on
paysock i'm gonna start taking off all the Jewish holidays
yeah right there you go
so that means if i have i'm gonna be here through september 30th if they're
gonna play that game with me i've already got like seventy days that are
marked off on a calendar that i'm not gonna be here
well i'm i'm getting butterflies in my stomach man i'm ready for what
you're getting butterflies
i am i'm excited for tonight yeah i couldn't wait yeah
we got a rough couple days ahead of us huh we'll be okay
i know we'll be all right we'll come back what you say four two four two
we need to kick some ass tonight right
and we need to stick red ski right where the mondo and shoun we need to stick it to
him or one other thing before i leave yes
michael mayo and doc your book douche bag okay
later yeah i don't believe michael mayo is Jewish i think you just made that
up in fact i have a stammer i were talking about that off the years
today i don't think he's Jewish i think his name is shickle grubber
we have an open line in the mobile line pound iod on at purple mobile one line we
have one a day at six two two nine four six three for you to peruse here today
our topic is is karen k really got a nine thousand dollar engagement ring for
malder sabo and does he really mean it that's the question of the day no
eleven forty four w i d six ten
w i o d it's not your radio
it's just real static he holy cow errands coming
june taco new from the biann company it's the tuna taco
i love tuna taco yes people across the world are coming out of the closet to enjoy
a tuna taco i love sliding my tongue into a tuna taco
the biann company goes out of its way to bring you the best in your tuna taco
pleasure
and i'd be into a tuna taco she likes it hello
unless being president of the biann company and i'm happy to present new to your dinner table
this seafood tuna taco my favorite is tuna taco with crab oh i bet it is so go on down
and fill up your box with tuna taco also available with cheese tuna taco okay eleven fifty
a w i do you don't forget the cheese we have an open line in date we got two of them and one
and brown and one on the purple line it's uh it's paisachpan and we asked we asked specifically
for goiam today and we're getting mostly jews again how do you like that we asked for goiam
and we still get jews here's hollywood hello hello yes sir yeah hi Neil how are you i'm
great all right long time listener first time coola excellent run and run suck i didn't listen to
them from the first day on yeah i put that girl that bitch on k she's the worst she was talking
about how father was something in reference to tax purposes that she he wanted her to put her
i shut her well immediately have a listen to her since yeah except for friday night i put her on
and she mentioned your name so i wanted to see what she had to say that was the night she wanted
everybody to call in to find out that she sucks what are you not she numb the people that aren't
that don't like her not listening to her right except you no i don't i put her i shut her right
off after that yeah anyway i think it's greatest i think you're jesus christ you would
you're everything else i think you're doing good you know i couldn't hear it i was talking
over did i go on here well i couldn't hear it if i couldn't hear if i can't hear it you can say it
listen i just want to let you know what you're going to a new station what's the
quill letters w q a m's sir yeah what's the numbers five sixty five sixty okay well the first one
wasn't you know he just he just can't control himself we have two open come on bug quit making
two open lines and date six two two nine four six three six two two one and brownered seven six seven
one on a purple mobile one liner at pound iod as in a whole bunch of mok as in a whole bunch of lines
that are not full right now we got we got cults and madness we got science we got relationships
we got gay rights we got arts and entertainment we got natural disasters we got conspiracies we got
water sable we got the legal system we got a freaking nine thousand dollar engagement ring
and this audience still doesn't care that's what i have to contend with every day for 21 years
talking to the dead talking to the dead as they say in sunrise as they kind of like
a judge was talking before about people that talk out of the corner of their mouth like
jon khritsen the prime minister of canada who talks out like this in fact the frogs they all talk
out of the corner of their mouth never trust anybody who talks out of the corner of his puts
here's plantation hello hey Neil how you doing great magoi here all right two quick small
spy reports for you yes on the drive up north i when i started to lose your signal which i
suppose would be about coral springs uh... i bring them well yes somewhere around there i picked
up a show called the love doctors you ever heard them no i'm not there a couple funny guys in the
uh... i guess in the mid afternoon probably the same time you're on and they were uh...
i mean they were just licking you up and down somebody called mention your name because they play
funny bits and parodies like you do yeah and they said all that guys the best in the business he's
worth every penny he makes and now we have nothing but the most respect for him so i just thought i'd
call and tell you that always like those love doctors he had over the l.a.r uh yeah because i
can't listen to randy when i get up and went to prom anymore she ever since she got married in like
head dinner like had dinner like six feet away from the president and met him shook his hand she's
now like the political savior jewel woman of west prom beach really oh she doesn't crack a joke she
doesn't play a bit she's politics from the the entire of no
hahahahaha
and i think wait a minute are you telling me she's doing a serious show now oh yeah
oh no
all right
she's got she reads political books has political guests on
she's gone all political
because she shook it because she met him and his hand too yeah so my final thing is you have to
be kidding me aren't you making that up i'm not randy roads is doing topical talk that's what i
thought maybe it was like something that would last as long as she you know well i met the
president so for a couple days i'm gonna talk politics and defend him and that but here it is
you know how long has she been there oh my god oh my god speaking of god oh my god
finally you would have loved howard this morning he grew a small pair and he did
where a little phony press conferences yeah and somebody asked him why he always used a
large name in vain and he said let me ask you something so would it offend you if i said
Santa closed dammit instead of god damn it right and i don't know how he that's it okay i'll
read it urchy we have two open lines and date six two two it's all bull crap baby it's all a
bunch of fantasy but you can't tell these people in this country that because they're so brainwashed
they're so their minds are so closed because they've been robbed just like this thing with rob
rhinos speaking of rob although guess who the guess who they were on yesterday opera do i hate that
bitch if i could if i could put into words she is so phony so fake and she puts oh well i'm only
worth like five billion dollars well you listen i mean the fact that that woman has made that money
first of all that's got to be a sin okay that this bitch has made that kind of money with her talent
which i can't discover and she comes out with a pseudo sincere notice the eyebrows watch her eyebrows
yesterday at the end of that show which i watched about a total of two minutes flipping back and forth
with the other swill it was on at the end of the show i caught the very end and she's talking about
colon powell is into this thing too now he's starting a big movement yeah about uh you know helping
educate the children while they're very young and their brains you know like that's this whole
thing that they're discovering now in fact the new newsweek magazine has got the whole magazine
is devoted to this thing about how you're you know when you're two or three years old that's when
you learn that's when your mind is uh because now we're hopeless so she says oh well if you'd like
to help general colon powell help the children of america when she said that you could see her
eyebrows were saying i don't mean it it's phony it's bullcrap just show me the money sweetheart
which there's nothing wrong with show me the money but don't put on a pretence there like you're
gonna save the world remember she came down here a year or two ago because they had another
deal where tourists got shot or whatever the hell was going on here oh and she had to come down
here because she felt that she needed to solve the problem talk about an ego bigger than her big fat
body that disgusting else you the board and cow look alike i mean give me a break opera you crazy bitch
but anyway rob riner was on i thought i mentioned that what that was i talking about rob riner
was on there talking about something very important about the little kids and about your brain
and all of a sudden i got sidetracked with that damn opera bitch god is she pathetic and the worst
part of it is my mother watches that crap my mother is watching that crap shame on you
knock it off we're trying okay six ten w i o t my amie fort lauderdale yeah kid baby if you like
klondike bars you'll love bulldyke bars hey you what would you do for a bulldyke bar what's a bulldyke
bar it's a big iron bar the bulldyke's hit men with say you're a man how i could do anything
i guess you don't have to do anything for a bulldyke bar here have another one you pig bulldyke
bars if you're a man you don't have to do anything just hang around in odds are you'll get one
out cut that you pig you man you pig man okay 1203 at w i d we're still trying to find out
can the orthodox use call us on uh paysox i guess not uh it's too frum of a holiday it's too
important here's a sunrise hello shalom bobby back to you how you doing okay good
uh doesn't move in come from colond anyways you were talking about colon power talking about
movement colon power power yeah anyway he's got a big movement anyways uh this is your old buddy
the sign man i'd like to do your favor yeah um two things i would like to make you a new license
plate for your corvette yeah and also if you can't find the fish that says go filter yeah i can make
great any color you want okay okay all right a nice blue one would be nice that what you want
we're sure dark blue light blue the color of the starry david blue just like your average pedestrian
middle of the road blue you got i'll make you want as in you blue i'll make you want to drop it off
okay thanks so much zai kisun okay we have an open line at day six two two two two two two w i d we
have two open lines and broard seven six seven nine four six three we've discovered today we have no
goyem listening to the show maybe like a smattering here in there it's mostly ju time okay so thank god
we got that goy shukup carrying around a night because one thing you can be sure of she ain't Jewish
y'all believe me she ain't Jewish here's north mimey b chillo good morning uncle nia yes sir good
afternoon well oh excuse me gosh it is one comedy joe i'm a goyem and i'm calling to say the hell
what's happened yeah how are you great i'm glad to hear that and i want to just tell you that uh
when you go i'm going with you of course and i want to thank you for uh all your stuff about the
act of 90 pounds in seven months wow wow great 90 pounds i'm seven months heavy duty yeah i'm uh
spend a little time up at the Lorenzo's my office is three blocks though
mom they got the great support what a place that is oh it's a great place last a few weekends we
got in the habit of going down here on a Saturday to Lorenzo's what a place i mean i haven't been
in there in a long time they've been a sponsor for a long time but i just don't get down at
neck of the woods but man what a place that is i just kind of place you walking and sniff the air
gains the only thing you got to be careful with is that one aisle there where they got all the
paragenes and i'll let all that Italian candy look out listen i'd like to call a couple people
douchebag yes sir one bud packs and you're a douchebag beyond a shadow of a doubt and i don't know
you know you know have a great day keep it up okay we're down to a precious three calls now man we
got three i'm not going to sit here and make up stories for i'm not going to sit here and keep
reading some stupid thing out of a newspaper to you over and over again assuming that if i read it
often enough somebody might call and respond to it because it's a strictured structured format that
this is the way that you get a response that a freaking damn talk show i'm going to tell you last night
i you know i mean this it's not like something new in revolutionary they've been destroying it for
months now but it just i suddenly came to the realization that this is just mass murder this is
destruction let's get some food in here for pay saw that's what Wayne is walking around for
he's wandering around there say let's get some grub in here for christ's six i got to work with
those trailer park trash guys in the morning there let's get some food in here anyway so i can take
out my frustrations especially since i didn't get that job which they gave to joe paparazzi by the way
i look out for him look out for that joe paparazzi well he had nothing else to do and to find some
reason for his existence we got a morning show that's got seventy five different people working on it
we don't even have a half a point for each uh... employee we don't have a tenth of a point
right next okay we have two open lines and dates seriously that i can't i still can't get over i say a
lot of crude things on a year mostly in good spirit some of them i mean but crack head nigger horror
crack head nigger horror and they left that bitch on the air
so where we're getting food from the way in the way in camp deal you know he's used to it he's
become one of them now batman he's one of them what do we enjoy what do we get in here for pay saw
something real trade something really trade something that'll piss off those ultra-orthodox juzin
sunrise that are under front page of the paper they were the burning bush
what can we get that's real trade we get way in Arnold again but i don't think they're uh
what's the story with them we just had a yesterday maybe juffle come over for for pay saw
do you know how long that's gonna take
and you really want to look at those fingernails in the middle of lunch again you really you know
how long are we doing this again on here we don't want to get care and upset
that all her colleagues her contemporaries are asking for free food on here that's disgusting
it's bad radio and by the way does anybody care about that nine thousand dollar engagement ring come on
call up up ponytails see what he can do for us okay that sounds really good something really
trade for like a meat with cheese anything with meat and cheese here's a lady in Miami hello
hello hello yes ma'am hi Roger yes i am i'm from Jamaica yes ma'am and i want congratulate you on your
quick up cakes on everything you're saying i admire the way you handed your show i'm as sharp as a
month of ball it seems that way i've been on the air for seven years down there really and i must tell
you something that don't feel as abundant because you have to move from one station to another
i'm a despondent i'm ecstatic i'm on cloud nine we had the same thing happen down there right
making sixty million dollars for a station the most popular talk show host right all of a
sudden one day woke up but they didn't want him anymore huh because i gave him a contract he couldn't
sign right sounds familiar all he had to pay for and all the ads that were coming in that he was
to share and he wasn't sharing in right right and but that was political yours is not political
i don't think no it is not it's not political no mine is my own decision it's based on the fact that
i don't want to work for people who have no idea what the business is all about who want to try
to reinvent my show and tell me what i can and cannot do and don't keep their word
well they do the same thing to them down there right but then that this man just walked off
ensuring of somebody has grabbed the money there you go that's what's happened in here for lots more
money sweetheart lots more money more money than god has ever seen and you'll take your people
with you right don't worry about that i'm taking my people and my pizza how do you like that
when you leave at two o'clock right i shot the radio off i don't blame you because those coming
goes going oh god come on it's everybody just trying to pass time that woman with a nine nine
thousand dollar engagement ring yeah where did that ever come from came from a little article in
newspaper that probably your boyfriend said this would be a great topic on a talk show
her boyfriend wouldn't know what talk show if they shoved one up his rectum you know what i'm saying
now the one before just does nothing but laugh yeah but she's she's nice at least
she's a nice lady yeah she's yeah she's she's yeah she's yeah she's like her laugh yeah she's
like her well that's what we're going to do now they discover in fact that's why she's not on
tonight it's not because it's Passover they discover they can just can her laugh and they don't
have to pair they're just going to play the laugh oh she's not off she's not on tonight no she's
celebrating Passover night oh i see she's drinking mogen david that's because she works for
paxon she's gonna get drunk tonight on mogen david let me ask you something yes i maybe come a
completely Spanish town how big your pardon has Miami become completely Spanish see speak Spanish or
you can't come here anymore no say i'll apply english akise oh no no please for god's sake i went
into sadanas yesterday right see and all i was trying to tell them is i saw some guava cheese there
how do i buy it nobody in the store spoke english see this is a massive store just say c k
so cks i don't just say s o cks i can't believe what's happening yeah what is happening to my
army it's happening i mean if you don't speak Spanish you can't go anywhere well now you got it now
you got to get with it sweetheart okay you're going need i asked to came you all feed us okay i'll
read it here she see enrola see ya we have a nice nice uh in j we have an open line in day at six
two two nine four six three we have one in brown or seven six seven w i t my haircut ladies coming
tomorrow a new one because uh miriam just had a baby miriam had a real nice big fat baby
and so miriam is uh you know she's busy she's busy in nursing her baby of course George wishes he's
jealous open line and browards seven six seven nine four six three you're not jealous sex not the baby
no i said the baby's nursing so anyway forget it okay we don't have to let's not touch that i know
i wouldn't do you know what i'm saying i think you do oh two open lines in brown or seven six seven
seven nine four six three seven six seven w i would i'm just going to talk over you like i did the
one guy the first time he said crap or whatever he said before which i did not hear it did you
could you hear it in there oh yeah clear as well well i couldn't hear it if i can't hear it how
am i supposed to i was well you were heard in how come you did how come you didn't dump it mister i
was on the other side of the real you better watch yourself
and i got a little piece of matza stuck in my craw how do you like that i got a little tiny piece
two open lines and browards seven six seven nine four six three seven but it works
nothing wrong with having a tiny piece so long as it works 12 13 and w i would be come
six ten w i o t i know that the lord even loves neo-rodgers
the pubs pubs down the pubs pubs down guy different than the pubs
pubs pubs down he likes his smoking mask
the pubs pubs down he's included the pubs pubs down the pubs pubs down
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
guys i am the killer chasing my aspects
folks in one get thrown on breath Jesus breaks our back
Jesus Christ i super have been ever shot of churns
folks in one get thrown on wood
please insert your truck the pubs down
the pubs pubs down he's a groovy hunter
the pubs pubs down just lick a pubs pubs down
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah
guys taking two line of sales two fets and pillow what's that
still forgot to take a pill nice he's got it joints
it taking pills and not a joke for a proven vote
but can't talk and do it don't come now i want to smoke
the pubs pubs down
guy gave him the prize
the pubs pubs down he likes his smoking mask
the pubs pubs down he's a scooper hunter
the pubs pubs down the pubs down
are you?
pubs down the pubs down
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
the pub is getting higher
the pub is getting higher
the pub is getting higher
the pub is getting higher
i have no force against the pubs down
guys keep him the glass
the pubs down he likes his smoke mask
the pubs down he's a groovy hunter
the pubs back stop
the pubs down the pubs down
the pubs
smoke
pop
pop
pop
oh my god
pop
yo man
yo yo yo yo
yo man
from 19 to W I O D on a great Tuesday we got food coming from some place i assume
right now where's it coming from?
maybe we don't know yet
what?
well joe wasn't there so they're calling him at home to see if uh this is
your mama
they do
hey listen i'll pay for it
i'll pay for it
no we can't do that
like i said i'm not paying for it
unless it's really good
why don't you go back to New York you'll want bastard
here's coconut creek hello
uncle kneel
yes
how you doing kneel
great
i just saw your billboard on 95
they're out there don't ask me why but they're still out there
i saw these people they just can't get their ranch together
i saw that big thing in their puts
uh-huh
i saw that big thing in your puts and the cigar too
yeah
listen i have a shameless request for you
yeah um here it is
no
operator
give me the number for that one one
use on the first page
okay we have an open line in date there's a guy's got all his little
he's got his little recorder set up there and all his little material nice go up
pal see at the v um
we have an open line in date six two two
two w i o d we have two open lines in
brown word seven six seven nine four six three
seven six seven w i o d our topic today is if you ever hurt art bill
and you ever want to hear him again that's our topic for the show today
if there's anything else on your mind goodbye
our topic today is the weather storms and floods
all right straight out of talkers magazine and the hot list uh- created by
walters sebow
here's palm beach on a mobile hello
uh...
i have no idea what to say other than
my wife is interested in the nine thousand dollar ring
yeah and wondering why i didn't get her one
yeah
and if i uh-
if you would have just called current last night you could have saved that show
maybe
well it's hard to concentrate i'm i'm debating a landscaping truck in front of me
that's dropping the entire yard in front of me on ninety five
great
damn them and the last thing is nail i just want to know i'm an ex
jock redneck gory who used to be the biggest football fan in the world
yeah it took me two years
to understand
that the hockey players are easily the toughest sons of bitches
playing for no contest no contest i mean i think football guys are going to
hang the other on the bench they're going to in the locker room crying
well you see it in arguments with my friends away football player about how
big they are
yeah
but uh...
the fact of the matter is the hockey players just the toughest and i just
can't believe it took me that long too
bad lines ring and george
okay
and closing
and closing please play the political song
see uh
the one
we have an open line in the uh-
a purple line a mobile one line pound i would do we got all a
browered again we just we just can't get brower's going today man
too many stators too much mana shevids and mogen david
and attempt
trying to get going again is mirrored putting up
the martshow
Homer
that
that
Although bigger feri's
Bring the
Yeah
They have
the third. I'm going to check the lineup. This Anderson messily and
pretzzy in this lineup. They used the score goals and
punches and the current edition. The 1997 payoff of this one of the
letters are ripping a page out of the historic pass by scoring three in a
minute 56ers. Two or four to go and these fans are delighted.
Any other half folks this is unbelievable.
Absolutely.
Surprise new game with a minute 55 seconds left.
Three of the series. Three three time.
Three or yet the time goal.
While Adela Starr's are going on the attack.
What's signed up now?
But I'm going to treat it.
Twoacie.
CK play back to tactical,
and settering him on a save by Joseph and other stop by Joseph and it cleared out a
breakaway comment.
Aaron and Breastling in, that's the truck coming back.
Aaron is the back of the neck.
Setters it, it's paired away.
But not out of his own, Miguel has beaten in ready shot all.
That just missed.
Dallas now hanging on back under heels.
We're in the final minute of the third period in a three-three tie.
An unbelievable turn of events here in Eiffenton 10-Eight.
If the audience coming on for them, her posky shot.
It'll go into the crowd, deflecting off the stick.
The crowd can't believe it.
What am I talking about?
I can't believe it either.
Unbelievable.
That was one of the great sporting events in the history of the human race Sunday night
Edmonton, where that great comeback was just spine tingling.
If that doesn't, then goose bumps up and down the insides of your neck.
Then you're not alive.
I'll tell you that right now.
You don't know nothing.
Broward County, everybody else is a filled up at Broward.
What do we got to this problem in Broward today?
What is the story with you assholes in Broward today?
If you got some kind of a mental defective problem in Broward today?
What is the story?
Too much MOTSA?
Too much MOTSA?
Too much smear in with the cream cheese and the schmuckers?
That's the problem, baby.
It'll kill you.
Broward County, 7679, 463, 767WIOD.
What about if he only spent $2,000 for the ring?
Does he get it back anyway?
What about if he spent $4 million for the ring?
I say the word stupid is operative.
767WIOD.
Let's hear some stuff about Karen K today, okay?
Let's hear how great she is and why she was only on for two hours last night.
It was enough.
1226 at WIOD.
WIOD.
Holy MAKA-NAH.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority
NEO GOD.
Thank you, Joe.
1231 at WIOD.
Here's a facts from Sitzel.
Sitzel, that's his name, okay?
His name is...
Oi!
Sitzel, can we say that on here?
He says I'm a new listener.
I understand you were asking if Jews can call you on Passover.
The answer is absolutely...
No.
Not.
Not only phone calls but no driving, numerous other no-nose, numerous other...
No, no.
I know because I was... I know because I was religious at one time, says Sitzel.
I still believe in God because of a few undeniable miracles that have occurred in my life, but
became tired of feeling guilty all the time.
I'm undecided about whether I like your show, but I'll listen for a while before I make
up my mind, says Sitzel.
Some things you say offend me, but other things you say make sense.
Thank you, Sitzel.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you Jew bastard?
1232 at WIOD, we have an open line in Dade.
Is that like Sitzes?
That's right, that's not a dirty word for all you glamour that are tittering right now, okay?
Sitzes is something you wear on... it's like today.
On important days, like whenever it's real hot outside and you want to smell bad, you put
on your tefillin and your Sitzes and your talus and your Yamaka and your big, big silly
hat.
Did anybody ever call on tell you what those hats are?
What do we call those hats besides silly and heavy and smelly?
What do we call those big Jew hats that they're wearing over there in Jerusalem right now in
a front page?
I'm telling you, I really believe that that was in sunrise, not in Jerusalem.
Look at that, right on the front page.
It says celebrating the start of Passover and here's a bunch of ultra orthodox, they're
getting ready to go to the Emerald Coast.
Look at that, they're dovetting, they're rocking back and forth.
We're rocking tonight.
They're getting ready to their praying for the Panthers tonight.
That's right, it can't hurt.
Say an extra brookho, okay?
Say an extra brook that Wayne Gretzky will break a leg.
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, what's happening?
Yes sir.
Hey, this is a guy I call on on Pesa from Connecticut, man.
All right, great, congratulations to you.
I like your show, man.
What's not to like?
Hey, you're all over it.
Listen, got a question for you.
Yes.
It's kind of deviates from the topic and it's up to you.
Did you say deviate?
Did you say deviate?
Deviate.
Are you a deviate?
We like you already, yes sir?
That a boy.
Listen, it's just, you know, not the reason it's kind of like a need to know basis.
Let me ask you, can I ask you a personal question?
Absolutely.
I already know the answer.
You are circumcised, right?
Mellow, big guy.
Listen, I got a question for you.
No, no, seriously.
My favorite team is the Yankees.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, slow down.
All right.
You don't know what the word mean, circumcised?
Well, it's just actually not my favorite topic, my brother.
No, no, but is that a difficult, in other words, you can't deal with that?
Is that personal?
Well, I just want to know if there's any homosexual baseball players on the Yankees.
On the Yankees?
Yeah.
Let's see, Yankees, they got Yankees.
Who that?
There's nobody left on the Yankees.
David Cohn.
No, Cohnhead.
Oh, yeah.
Cohnhead.
You're killing me.
Yeah, David Cohn.
Joe Gerardi, he's a fact.
Listen, let me ask you this, because I'm not going to talk about that.
Well, I'm going to say it for the more lives in the Yankees and the World Series and
I'll call it.
Oh, and then at Wap Pitcher, they got with all his name that, that Grease, who?
Nelson?
No, no.
The Greaseball pitcher, the Yankees.
Oh, millionaire, don't be paying it on Grande, you go up there?
That's one, yeah.
That's one.
There you go.
Listen, any chance of the mones, because they'll all hop in a pan.
Any chance of them picking up like either John Melendez or perhaps Fred Norris or even
Howard Stern?
Yeah, all three of them.
That a boy.
They're all coming tomorrow.
Thanks, mate.
OK, Paul.
And of course, you're going to be helping.
We have open line in the out of town.
What are you looking at me like that?
For I do not understand the West Bonnolo.
OK, I have no idea what he said.
What are you talking about, China?
Oh, I'm not going to be a good guy.
OK, he was a commie pinco bastard, I think.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering, you don't read the hero, do you know?
Why do not?
I know.
Why did they have a bunch of Jews on the front page of that paper, too?
No.
I'll talk about Jews in a kind of way.
All right, let's get to those Jews.
The day they had all the picks from the draft and the Dallas Cowboys picked that David LaFlure
a tidiac.
Gila Fluria.
He's playing with the Cowboys now.
And it said he was 66280.
Pretty good looking guy.
And it said Troy Aikman put his stamp of approval on him.
Yeah.
And the guy's quote.
He put something on him, yeah.
The guy's quote was, I couldn't believe he came down to see me.
I think you must read it.
I think it said he put his stamp of approval on him.
Anyway, out of Bonnolo, yes, the idea of deliveries.
And there was more skull caps out there yesterday than I've ever seen in my whole entire life.
Yeah.
Little kids running around with beanies.
Oh, man, with the curls coming out of the sides of their hats, long, gross beards.
It was like a sewer plant out there.
Well, you know, that's an old Jewish saying, if you can't have a big weeny, at least we're
a big beeny.
Well, they have a national weeny, I think.
There you go.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Give Troy a big kiss for us, OK?
I'm playing.
I'm playing.
OK, I'll play it.
I'll play it.
I'll play it.
Go play it.
So what choice do you say?
When this quarterback gets lonely, she likes receivers that are why.
I like it.
Some people say that number eight is gay.
Yes, I am.
If they say Troy loves the big brown eye, a-men.
Brackdom.
He goes down on his knees, a-men.
His guy's he likes to please, a-men.
Just lick him.
He loves to slap cowboys on there behind.
Bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs.
He's got a spotless reputation.
You've heard America's team has world renowned.
He goes down on his knees, a-men.
I can't some balls to squeeze, a-men.
Don't clip him cause he likes it from me.
What is that?
More paychecks?
We're getting some more paychecks now.
Just mail.
Come on, let's get a bunch of paychecks in here.
One would like a whole bunch of zeros on it.
In fact, Wayne was telling me before he said all the paychecks, he gets all that's on it.
It's a bunch of zeros.
We have an open line at Broward, 7679463.
I said it kind of reminds me of that morning show you work on Wayne.
A bunch of zeros.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Coral Gables.
Gone.
Coral Gables is gone.
Some spicken of Gables left us in a lurch.
Well, thanks a lot, Julio.
We have an open line in day at 622946.
Thank you so much, Leslie.
I mean, Lisa.
Well, I'm gonna call you Lisa for the rest of the time that I'm here cause at least I like being consistent.
Even if you're wrong, be consistently wrong.
I call Leslie Lisa one day and George is never gonna let me live it down.
That was embarrassing.
See, when I've discovered the best thing is just pretend you don't know anybody's name
cause then you'll never make a mistake.
Is this a letter or a check?
It is a check.
Look at that.
See, when I psychic or what?
Look at George.
I open up the envelope.
Here's a check.
Made out to center one for 20 bucks.
They probably want something.
So just cross out center.
I want to put your name on it.
Just a joke.
Been a big fan.
Bapapah from Coral Springs.
Tom and Coral Springs.
What does he want?
Tom wants something.
No question about that.
Tom wants, uh, thanks for getting out from the oppressive tax regime.
Getting a big raise.
And getting a paid European vacation.
Bapapah.
What does he want?
Twenty dollars represent.
Oh, this guy lost 20 pounds on the Atkins.
And he's sending us a buck for everyone.
Nice going.
Tom and Coral Springs.
Thank you, Tom.
A lot of people promised that they would send us a buck for every pound they lost to center one.
On the Atkins diet.
Didn't do it.
We don't even hear about Atkins much anymore except the guy to call me for lost 90 pounds.
Here's another dumb facts from Pa squally.
Karen Kasey that on her first date, she and her boyfriend were deciding to move in together.
She told him that she was a high maintenance bitch and he would have to quit smoking cigars
and he did and she trained him to put the toilet seat down.
One thing about Walter Sable, baby, everywhere he goes, the toilet seat is down because they know that there's going to be a heavy load soon.
At one point in her show, she sneezed and after her commercial break, she came on complaining that something was all over the microphone and said,
what the hell is this stuff?
Who knows what disease the people before me have?
And I don't want their germs.
How do you like that?
She don't want to catch our germs.
Well, there you go all over the mic sweetheart.
And here's another one.
I want to give you a cap.
There you go.
Mo brother, she's something or what, huh?
Snooty bitch.
So anyway, here's a check for center one that you can give to Tracy.
How do you like that?
We're not even raising money right now and this checks her still coming in.
Thank you, Tom and Carl Springs and keep up the good work.
Here's Carl Gables.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can't hear you.
All right.
Are you on a, are you on a pay phone?
I want a pay phone.
Bad phone.
Speak up.
All right.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
All right.
I just took the thing.
The reason why your phones, uh, are not getting any calls,
is your phones aren't working when you were calling,
when you're requesting call.
I was trying to get through and it was all busy.
Yeah.
Sounds like somebody's are pushing it around.
They're patching with our phones.
It's probably that, uh, Roy again.
And one last thing.
Probably a Paxon plaque.
What is it?
Are there Paxon plaques?
Take it.
Want to play on?
Yes.
They are.
I think so.
Aren't there?
Maybe not.
I don't know.
I have to find out for you.
If they could find out, it can't be.
Okay.
Thank you.
See, I'm not really sure about that.
Are there, Adam?
Adam would know.
Not Panther Pack for the playoffs.
What?
We don't know.
We'll find out.
Okay.
We have an open line in day six, two, two.
We go on a mobile and purple line.
Somebody just hung up there.
If you're real fast, pound IOD, grab it.
Squeeze it.
Yank it.
Pull it.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I used to listen to Jim Phillips up in Orlando.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
So I know you're not the only one that schleps for food.
Yeah.
I'm a fat shlip for food all the time.
Everything that I do on a year, people rip off.
Lee Fowler is begging for food.
Jim Phillips is begging for food on a year.
But you're not really.
You're not begging.
You're just saying you're talking about food and people.
Not really.
People are bringing it.
That's right.
And the food too.
I have to bring it.
That's right.
I'm bringing it for, you know, so if it's anybody's problem, it's people that are bringing in and...
This broad that we got tonight, this bitch, she's got a problem with everything that everybody else does here.
Okay.
Everything that everybody else does, she's got a problem with it.
I didn't realize what a toothpaste bitch she was.
Yeah.
She's been here three and a half weeks.
She's the expert because the consultant's her boyfriend and some of us are leaving anyway.
So she's the expert.
That f***ing bitch.
Right.
But anyway.
Have a great day.
She just vanished.
Okay.
We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two.
One on the out of town line.
Sometimes that happens.
They just freeze.
They're just so overwhelmed by my magnificence that they just can't deal with it.
Anyway, good points, sweetheart.
Thank you so much.
I have a great pass over in Paisach and Easter in Pura and whatever you're celebrating because it's all a bunch of bubble miceies anyway.
Okay.
Don't ever forget that.
That's the one message from this show.
More important than all the others put together.
More important than all these contrived topics.
Okay.
See, there's something called credibility.
In other words, if you come on here and you're talking about stuff and you got some credibility and it means something.
Nothing we're going to change the world.
But all these stupid lists of stupid ass topics.
Guess what water?
You wouldn't know a talk show if they slid for it.
If they slid, whoa, Rush Limbaugh and Gordon Litty up your record.
You still wouldn't know a talk show.
Okay.
You wouldn't recognize it with a magnifying glass.
And the show either.
Fony, phony, phony is the day is long.
Phony, baloney.
And his clone, the same thing, man.
His clone.
Send in the clones.
Yeah, hold us business about cloning humans.
I mean, what's the big controversy about that when we already got water, say, bow and his clone?
1244, WIOD.
Let me tell you about something no cloning around here.
There's your check, by the way, Tracy.
Tracy just came in here and grabbed it.
And the check, too.
Put away those purple pajamas where you people are starting to talk.
Six times WIOD.
The station that reaches the beaches.
The kid be heard in the office.
Hey, we know our limits.
Rock, dirty, tell me.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
Yeah, I'm the Walter Sable.
We look like a sedan.
I want you hop inside my company car.
I got the pictures and taxidies out of my hand.
I'm going to make it you and Rainy old-style.
I'm going to save up, baby.
I can do anything I want to do.
I'm your consultant woman.
And I'm going to make it so to you.
I'm giving that phone.
On a crap show.
And a formula.
I've got the phone.
I've got the power to hold and control you.
Whoa, you know I do.
Where are I have a way to get your own show?
At a station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting alone.
Just as long as you can stroke me good.
I'm also saying, oh, baby.
And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman.
Spread your leg when I desire you.
I'm going to bone you.
Oh, bone you.
Oh, I've done sloth.
I've sat in a real dog.
That's why I'm a consultant.
Cause I'm just an asshole.
Yes, I am.
1250, a W-I-O-D.
We're being saber-wise here at W.I.
You can help.
You can help it and feel it and smell it.
Helet.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Great.
I think the pants are as well.
Take them and I three to one.
Four to two.
Four to two.
We'll take whatever we can get.
Four to two sounds real good to me.
I got a real strong feeling on it.
Are you going to play that last goal?
The winning goal?
Or was it the audit?
The audit?
I beg your pardon?
The winning goal for Ottawa?
No, no, no.
The one you just played.
You mean Buffalo?
The game.
Yeah, the three three.
But they want it four to three.
Or you're talking about the winning goal for Edmonton?
Yeah.
Well, that was good.
It was about the 18th time.
Yeah, I might be able to do that.
Okay, I appreciate it.
Okay.
And uh, douchebag?
Yeah.
Frank, fat,
Ron, you're all douchebag.
Bunch of fags.
Okay, pal.
See ya.
We have an open line at day six, two, two.
By the way, speaking of that,
Bokeh Brian just came in and looking fat.
Oh, look at that.
As soon as I said that, he pulled his poop again.
You see that?
Boy, that was amazing.
Didn't, and it didn't help too much either.
So anyway, Bokeh Brian says that
Kieran Key is really something.
He wishes he could say it on the air.
Here, camp stop it.
Aaron Alvis back there.
He has played an attractive
tonight for Robinson.
Here they come.
The Irish.
It's dropped back for Bokeh.
Shoot stars.
Bokeh Burger.
The Irish.
Winniths.
Bokeh Burger.
The Irish.
Bokeh Burger.
Bokeh Burger.
Bokeh Burger.
The Irish.
Bokeh Burger.
Be a leaveable.
Amen.
Boy, that was some game, boy.
That was some game.
Sorry, you missed that.
Because what can I tell you?
We have an open line today at 629-463.
If you guys had the right sets of dishes,
if you had your milkshake and a
big dish and a small dish,
then you'd be, I'll say you'd see some good stuff.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami, Buenos dias.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Listen, I think badminton players
are the toughest players.
I would say next to a golfer is your right.
I say badminton and tidley wings.
You got to have a good grip on your handle while you play with it.
How about chess players?
Right.
Yeah.
No, I think badminton players have got it on there.
Yeah, watch out for that shuttlecock.
Anyway, yeah, that too.
Yeah.
I got a request for you.
A couple of weeks ago,
you played something, a buddy of mine was driving on this truck
and you played something called Cowboy Dick Ichring.
Yeah.
And he ran over his neighbor's dog.
Did he?
From laughing to hard.
All right.
I guess you could play that today.
What kind of a dog was it?
Oh, it's just a mud.
It's a dead dog now.
Okay, then we'll play it.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
Okay, what happened right there?
We were smoking, man.
We hit him lit up like a Hanukkah bush.
Walter would have been proud.
He would have been pissed off.
We have an open line at Broward 767.
We have two in day 622.
These hot topics are doing it for me today.
Alan Ginsburg.
This audience wouldn't know.
Alan Ginsburg from Arnie Ginsburg.
Hey, what's eating?
Cowboy Dick.
Hey, Buck of Roos.
There's nothing like a little cowboy Dick Ichring.
I want something.
I've got a craving.
Yeah, well, how about some cowboy Dick?
Sure.
All the cowgirls love my cowboy Dick.
And I should know, because I'm cowboy Dick.
I like my cowboy Dick with some nuts.
No problem, partner.
Introducing cowboy Dick.
With not so big, you can hardly wrap your lips around them.
My young and loved cowboy Dick.
Hey, I'm Phil Yearpossi with my cowboy Dick.
Oh, cowboy Dick.
Here, try it.
How is it?
I can't talk.
My mouth is full of cowboy Dick.
She smiling.
She smiling.
Phil Yearpossi with my cowboy Dick.
Available in your grocery freezer.
Ooh, once you've had your first cowboy Dick, you won't ever go back.
When you're filled with cowboy Dick, you'll scream.
Woohoo!
Say it again.
Okay, 1254 at WIOD.
We have an open line in date.
If you move quickly, if you get right on a hot topic.
If the one to do our...
...then hold that magic, slap me on my ass.
That same old magic that used to jump and pass.
Then he got eats and had to quit the sport.
Although he liked guys if tight still be sure.
He was always stealing everything with joy.
He even nailed a couple of Asian bulls.
Oh, I don't want to run.
Down and down he went in and out.
He went like a redneck.
Does to his goat.
Well, he should stay away.
But he could not.
He needs the cash.
And he likes ass.
And soon he'll feel that burn in desire.
But he's got eight.
And his dark sunfire.
He's had lovers all around the world.
The only three of four of them were girls.
And now he's old.
And he's got eight.
And soon down and down he'll go.
Under and around he'll go on magic.
Because a box of bones.
104 W. What are you saying now?
What is that?
What is it?
A Fargo tape.
What the hell is that thing?
How would you send it to?
It's a wide screen collector set.
Which has got one of those.
What do you call it?
What do you call those things?
A snowball.
Is that what you call them?
All these years I've lived and I never knew what you call those things.
You know, with a little thing with a snow inside.
It's a snow but that's not what they call it.
Shake me.
It's a numbered snow globe.
That's what it's called.
It's a snow globe.
Fargo collectors letter box edition.
Wow.
Suds are being pressed by that.
What's that other crap?
Why do you want this?
Because I bet your audience would like it.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
It's all yours.
Free stuff for George.
And that's not to be given away either because I need a bargo.
So what's the point?
So what are you talking about?
Given away.
Who said anything about giving away?
God damn it.
We have an open line in day at 622.
So how's peaches Paxton coming by the way?
We have an open line in Broward 7679463 767WID.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
How are you doing today?
Great.
I will have some of that though.
I'm going to eat the topping of the great.
Fantastic.
The best day of my life.
It's the best day of your life.
Wait a minute.
One second.
Let me take a look.
Let me see it.
Let me see that your sausage is your Adam.
Oh!
I'll have the pepperoni.
No, I'll have the sausage.
No, I'll sausage.
Yes ma'am.
You got the sausage.
I got the sausage.
Cool.
And it's George taking the snow globe.
Yeah.
Oh god.
Wasn't you already on the phone?
Who am I?
Yeah.
It was listening to when he picked up for the snow globe.
Yeah.
When you were talking about the snow globe.
And so you called just for something for free?
No.
You were already on there when I was talking about it.
i i i was already on well that's what i'm saying so don't pretend like now that we
uh... you know it's a good home i don't want the snowblow because george
deserve it
all i've just munged on my trip
i definitely want to still but i'm calling for about the panther i just
munged on myself okay my life to do that what you're doing lunch
you go ahead
i want to try and get some enthusiasm going here today
i heard eddie miss a plane
alright that would be the best news
tell me about it
maybe he did
and you can see needle nose on the cover of
cigar issue not a no i did not i heard about it
and they're all pissed off about it because they say that now he's sending the wrong
message
tall those little kids about smoking cigars and i think they got a good point
nice knowing going to go and needle nose yeah next to be doing chewing tobacco
yeah that's why it's only making ten million a year
can't shoot a goal in the first five minutes right you've got to sit on the
bench to get the hang now
taking them out tonight
i would say probably paul laws
you think so
paul's gonna come back and give us a little action going to spure them
because i heard the coach had no fight and paul
can't you can't fight in the playoffs don't you understand sweetheart you're
very few fights in the playoffs you can't get the penalties but i don't want
to see billy doing all that crap
no that was bad and then the coach says well i can't knock him because we've
asked him to step up that kind of play but you don't leave your feet into
an obvious charge in front of the referee coach you can't tell this coach
nothing you know i'm telling you place his favorites
i'm yes we know who his favorites are and who are not
and who are not and we're not who are going yes do not leave the left at
last as offer struck okay okay listen kneel can you do me favor yes
for a little enthusiasm yeah because you are god little hockey night tonight
oh god that'll be the end of this show no one that'll be the end of these calls
you always got me okay see you thanks kneel we have an open line in day six two two
w-w-one so thanks to a florist by the way this is the florist right up here in
hollywood not the one down there our friends down but we sure miss
everybody down here don't we we don't just florist who else do we miss down
there sunny we miss sunny which i notice he's totally out of business
porous sunny let's take up a collection for sunny from the market
hmm oh my god is what that's good
say it again have you seen the size of these balls what did he have a son hit
hit a good line okay let's hear it they got the sunny on the cause way
yeah it was funny when he said uh-huh with a timing thing we have an open line and
broard seven six seven w this is disgusting man eat when my mouth full here like this
usually i'm capable of doing better than this
too bad here's water hill hello water hill
yeah yes sir oh Jesus i didn't sound like me without meatball in my
pussy i know i know delicious great oh man listen um what uh what does
you see what you see it uh in me i mean arena how come i said uh sausage and you
gave me pepperoni and mushrooms Adam Adam how come i said sausage and you
gave me pepperoni and mushrooms you idiot see one uh section one oh six
one oh six i was there um Thursday's night yeah with my wife i could give it to her for
her birthday yeah and we water the same week and we can give it to her for her birthday
well you know i gave her yeah bed no yeah why that's here's a present honey yeah
yeah it was a present but i wanted her to meet you because um i met you already and um
i will be at show star in university yeah you to my son i told you were my hero right
yeah that's why everybody was looking at you so strange
hey uh is there any more tickets left for the next two games on here my am you know
i don't think so no i don't think so
even he can't get in
so tough ticket nice it was nice talking to you i'm out of material
okay pal what did it say good you know hello and let's go to the center
okay hello and goodbye bye have a great life
you too bye bye we have an open line of bro we're getting some enthusiasm going now let's
say i play that hockey song where is it i don't know i have no idea it's not on this thing
it's not on this thing so get that one out of there okay take that damn thing out of there now
and let's give one of those mini discs going see i'm a little nervous about putting any
different ones in there because it's gonna blow up i think it's a plot
i think Roy has wired these things so that every time we put something in there all the material
on it's gonna like disappear it's gonna vanish did you have any luck with that other one by the way
number 13 no i did not no and you won't we're gonna call the uh technical people well let's do
it because there's some great stuff on here all that mike laying the best mike laying stuff in
the world is on air and it's all gonna vanish because this equipment is f'd up okay it's the
paxon disease again every damn thing they touch turns to a crap every sticking thing that uh the
the paxon might as touch and reverse oh we're not playing this come on quit the crap will you
oh my god you gotta be yankin me man
i like it
why
It's Saturday night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's kick some ass tonight.
Panthers four Rangers two.
I can feel it.
I can smell it.
I can hear it.
I can sense it.
Open line of Broward seven six seven nine four six three seven six seven W.
How about those penguins?
How about I tell you they're going down, baby?
They're going down four straight.
No defense.
The uh, pan the uh, flyers got too much four straight there.
And if New Jersey wins their series, which they will over Montreal.
So what does it look like?
Us in Philadelphia again, huh?
That's what it looks like to me.
Us in the flyers again.
Game one, Eddie goes out there, Spears Lindrosse.
You know, uh, tit for tat as they say.
Can we say that?
Gets him out of there, gets his ass out, gets Eddie out.
We win.
Here's Hialia.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Can I call somebody a queer?
Can you call somebody a queer?
Look at the mirror, man.
Just whisper it.
Mike it out.
We have an open line at day 6229463622.
There's a little punk in Hialia who has a very, very small penis.
Okay? Like a raisin.
Penis like a raisin.
That would be a good song for Boka Brian to be working on.
Work on it, Brian, and the song too.
113 at WIOD.
610 WIOD.
When Madonna's in town, she's not listening to us.
I don't know.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
You loved him in jaws, down and out in Beverly Hills,
close encounters, and stakeouts.
Richard...
Drifus.
Richard Drifus is back in his greatest role ever.
A high school music teacher with a nasty problem.
Excuse me.
Mr. Holland's anus.
Mr. Holland, why are the gerbos in my science class missing toenails and real stinky?
Well, I...
You see, you sick bastard.
Mr. Holland's anus.
Hey Larry, my favorite midget pal.
Come on in.
I'm a person of small stature.
Thank you.
Mr. Holland, when you eat Mexican, I'm always the first to know.
Uh, sorry.
Mr. Holland's anus.
Sticking up a theater near you.
Hey, what's that smell?
He who has smelted, melted, buddy.
118 and WIOD.
Oh, man, am I getting a heartburn?
Good stuff, but man, am I getting a heartburn immediately?
Thank you so much.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you feeling great?
Neil, I might want to ask you about a hockey, uh, if you can explain to me, uh, the new rule about the, uh, you can't shoot from the crease.
You can't shoot from the crease?
Is that correct?
Yeah, you can't shoot from the crease. It's too close. You have to back up 10 feet.
We have an open line in date. 6222 WIOD.
We have an open line in the brown line.
7679 463.
The Panther hockey fans are right at again. Maybe.
What's that little hard-round black thing, huh?
I don't know. You better ask Graham James. He's seen a few.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Likewise.
So far so good.
Neil, I wouldn't ask you before any other thing.
How's Juan Minierta doing?
He's doing great.
He's doing good.
He's doing sensational. Yeah.
Great. Tell him why I love him.
He's one happy Julio.
Yeah. Neil, another thing. You've been on business for 21 years, right?
I've been in business for a longer than you can imagine.
And since before, my thuisel was a baby.
So you can handle all types of colors, can't you?
Like what?
Like, for example, every time I try to make a comment or a...
Try to talk the truth, you hang up on me.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, what does... I mean, you can't handle that.
What are you talking about, sir? What are you talking about?
What kind of kaka are you talking?
No, no kaka. I mean, that's what...
What kaka are you spewing, sir?
You're talking about the night. What is it?
You're more in the radio than I am, so I was talking about the night.
So what's the point? What is it? What is it? What do you want to say?
No, because you know...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here we go. Here's a special dedication for this guy.
PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAP
PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA TAPAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPAPAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPA PAPBAP PAAPA,store.
Oh by the way, I can't believe that you want these CDs.
I can't believe it.
I just want a couple of things off of them.
Yeah, I bet I know which one of them is here.
I think George has been hanging around with people that were purple, but Jam is
or something. I mean, what what the hell is this? Oh God. Talk about a bag song. Oh, if I were
here, Donner, Donner Summer again, it'll be too soon. Oh, here we go. Here's another one.
Wait a minute. One moment please. Okay. And even realize this one was on there. One moment
please. This will do it for you. This will set you right on your ass on Paisach. Okay. What
I tell you, George is converting and we're not talking Judaism. I like it. You facts know
your music. It doesn't lick them. God help us at the Aberlora Macarena. That's a great spot
that Pepsi spot. Pepsi's got the best spots, man. Pepsi and Snickers. In fact, there's nothing
like heating about two or three of those big king size Snickers bars while you're down
in some real not diet, but regular Pepsi with all that heavy sugar in it. All right. Here's
Dear Field. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Yes. Seven year listener and first time caller.
Great. What is it? I know it is. Fact my my medicines run out. So I need you. Sounds
good. And I don't know. I just want to say hello. Okay. And goodbye. We have an open
line today at 622 W. I. D. and two and Broward 767. I'm trying to get this other one open.
It's one of those. It's got to look at how I munged on my shirt. Oh my God. You're going
to burn in hell when you mung on your shirt on Paisach. God, I look like fat rich on a
bad day. I got to this guy after I'm going to have to do with my teeth. Come on. Open
up already. Will you? Oh, I just broke the plastic. You're never going to be able to play
this thing by the time I get this thing open. What? I don't need that. Just one moment, please.
Just relax. I'm just going to dig this damn thing. Like I said, I think I need that. Okay.
Open line in day at 622 2 and Broward 7679463. Got some great music in here. We could play.
We got Diana Ross. We got wait. Wait a minute. Before we open this, let's see if there's
anything worth opening it for. This is crap. And Donna Summers on here again with last
dance. Okay. Enough with Donna Summers already. That bitch. Oh my God. There's nothing but
crap on here. Last dance reprise. The one that goes on for like seven and a half minutes.
That one's on here. Tell my Houston. Get this crap. Give it to that spicken here. That's
silly. Holy God. Oh, my God. He acted like, Oh, don't give that stuff away. There's really
important stuff. It like what? What was on there that you want that anybody would want?
Bunch of crap. Thanks again for more crap. Tracy. Needy. What is your problem? What is this
sweat you keep sending us? She just sent it to you. She didn't send it to me. It's all
about your crap you're taking home, including that nice thing with a snow globe that
that woman wanted so badly. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
Great. I was wondering if I could ask you a question or sub request. I'll be following
hockey. Now, I was just a panther. She came in. I have yet to come across someone who
can explain to me what the plus and minus statistic is and what the purpose of it is.
The purpose of it is to have something to talk about. It's a stupid statistic for the
most part. And it means how many goals are scored when a player is on the ice for and
against the team at full strength penalties, power plays don't count. So when a man is out
there and the teams are at full strength, six aside, how many goals are scored for the
team while he's out there and how many schools are scored against? Is there any like any
award at the end of the season for this or anything? Yeah, there's the Alka Celter plus
minus award. Also, also the prediction on the patches one three to one on an empty, empty
net score by it's available tonight. And also, I wonder if you can. Can you play Star Wars
just in casino? How about Star Wars Cantina? Yeah. That'll have to do. Okay, pal. Have a great
life. Okay, two open lines in day six, two, two, nine, four, saying he just obsessed with
that. Is he the guy? There's one whole year. I think it's him loves that thing. Just
calls every five minutes for that. And of course, if we want to format this thing right,
we don't want to keep playing the same stuff over and over again, because Walt Sable
can't really upset. But you know what I say? School Walt Sable, that's what I say. I think
it's on just 49, don't you George Cut Number 17. Let's give it a shot. Yes, sure.
Sure. You're going to sure. Okay, sir, I can't play it for it because George is going
to sure. No, I think it really is. Let me just check it out. What a genius, man. What
a freaking genius. So what do you think? Politics, scandal, science, the legal system, conspiracies,
natural disasters. Let's have one.
The boss will do with you.
All the six, seven, ten, ten, no.
One twenty eight of W.I.D., where everybody is Jewish, man. This place is vacant today.
Isn't that it's like deadly here? Everybody got the religion today, man. Everybody is
passing it over. They're eating the monster. They're drinking a wine, mostly the wine
part.
George, George.
Too much Bill Cosby will do it every time on thirty three at W.I.O.D. on a great Tuesday.
Happy Pace, baby. This is the kind of day it's hard to pass over. Here's a mobile
in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir.
Buenos dias. Buenos tardes.
See, I got a roll. I did. Listen, first of all, topic flow. Topics only concern the few
amount of people that are interested in whatever particular topic that is. That's right.
That's what I tried to explain to Walter Sebo as he was trying to pick my mind and steal
my material a couple of months ago when we had a very nice, very mediocre meal at Denny's
up the street. I explained that to him. Immediately as soon as you hear somebody with one topic
and it's really boring in term and like about that stupid engagement ring, 98% of the
people who don't give a flying crap about the engagement ring, they're turning it off.
And then you lose any carryover people that may be listening from whatever, like your
shelter carries on to Rick and Sous and so on and so forth.
Right. Who cares about some asshole with his stupid, damn engagement ring anyway?
Not me. That's for sure. If I had $9,000 like that, I sure wouldn't be buying no ring for
the wine. And if you could afford to buy a $9,000 ring, who'd help with care if you got
it back anyway, you're probably loaded. You're most cubic of the colony and they won't
know the difference. Right. Tall up buddy, bud. Get a pubic zirconia.
But listen, I called you last week and left a message. Why don't you leave a message
with those people over to QIM about once again tonight. I'm going to have to listen like
a radar station with the 790. I know we had a call on it earlier and belongs on kiss.
It belongs on the FM Greg. Get it on the FM and stop short. Change it our panthers, damn
it. I came out and get it on a station that somebody can hear with a full post game show
and give it some justice. This is a playoff game for Christ sakes. What do you think the
odds are? I was very fortunate. I do have a big dish. I did not have to watch that stupid
blue and red puck thing. I got to watch it on the CBC Sunday. Great. Will it be on here
tonight, you think? Oh, yeah, they're doing our series. Are they? It'll be on. Oh,
they were down here. It'll sure be on from up there. You bet. Oh, man, great. And I don't
have to even worry about 790. Do I? There you go. Chris Cuthford, John Garrett, you
could do worse. You're right. I could have to sit out here like a radar. In fact, I'm
glad you reminded me that I'll have two choices. I can take both feeds tonight. Just in case
Rimmer screws up. You know what I'm saying? I was so grateful. I thought it out when I
turned the game on. And I thought that little blue thing. I said, wait a minute. You
said, what's that? Gotta be. And so I flipped it on. There it is on a boxes and abortion
man. They're killing the game. The game's last for four hours. They're it's long. It's
ponderous. They delay it. They stall it. They did it out. They got that stupid blue thing
that's three rows up in the crowd. The whole game Fox hasn't got a freaking clue. They
don't. Well, Neil, you have a good day. Go panthers and please no topics. Okay. Take
care now. See you. So what do you think about your capital punishment? Let's bring
it back to tried in the true. Let's bring some new ones back. How about service in the
department store? How about if you went in and wanted to buy some batteries? Okay. First
of all, I don't think you go into a department store to buy batteries anyway. You go into
your supermarket or into your drug store, but they got a whole section of batteries. And
you see the little ones there, the triple A's and then there's the quadruple A. Just pick
them off and they're going to pay for them and dummy up. Okay. And stop with these stupid
contrived topics that nobody cares about. Just like I predicted, didn't I tell you this?
Did I come on here and tell you as soon as they got this asshole consultant and we had
that stupid meeting up there at that hotel, which got really knows how much that cash
cost up there. Way to help back in October. Yeah, but we got nice notebooks. Yeah. We got
nice notebooks from Walter. And they're talking about this 38 year old schlepper car salesman
in Pembroke Pines, who's our average listener out there. If they, huh? Mark. Oh, yeah, he
even had a name. His name was Mark. Oh, maybe that was the mark that was coming down the
elevator said, F. Nearoger. That must be it. Not buddy, but son and law. Oh, was the son
law. Okay. Like I said, it was buddy, but son and law mark that comes down the elevator
says to that nice lady with their 10 year old little girl standing there in the elevator.
F. Nearoger is not once, not twice, but three times. Okay. So let's say just F you too,
buddy. Please don't say the F word. Why not? Forget it. Here is North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah,
Neil. Yes, sir. Great. I don't know if I was dreaming, but wasn't, uh, still supposed to come in.
Yes, sir. Today, but he's a tight up with these depositions. He's the Brian Cox lawsuit thing.
I am. So it's my deepest apologies, but he can't make it. I really need it. He's leaving today.
Yeah. Uh, damn it. He likes it so much here that as soon as he gives the last delay, he said the
last sentence of the last answer to the questions he's flying on a plane and getting hell out of here.
As soon as possible. I can't blame him. Yeah. Well, he's he's Mark guy, huh? Yes, sir.
Any, anywhere that's better than this place. All right, man. That's all I wanted to say. Sorry about
that. Okay. Well, we'll get a hold of him. We'll get him on a phone one of these days when he's
awake. Don't be calling him like it eight in the morning. L.A. time again, George. That was
your doing. That's probably why I didn't show up here is picked off. We have two open lines
in date six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two, W I O D. Here's a lady in Oakland Park. Hello.
Hello. Yes. Yes. I am. Happy face off now. This is no lady. No, it's a guy.
Says lady in Oakland Park. George, you wouldn't know a lady from a guy. There was somebody else on
the phone originally. Yes, sir. What? Yeah, he got got a crossoff somewhere. Uh, yeah, you're
speaking of a song a few minutes ago and Zeta had a hate song week. Yeah. And the most hated song
was the Macarena. Yeah. So, uh, it's speaking of songs. Guess what WJNO's playing? What is that,
sir? Boy's life sex in the morning. Really? Yeah. Okay. W off here by the end of the week. Thank you so
much. Thanks for the warning. What do they do?
When I tell me call me melanoma, I tend until I'm almost in a coma. How wide my amy and they never
ever use any sunscreen. Sun with me. 10 with me. Hope we don't mind. I'm a little
freckle. I'm not even a cent. Until we get melanoma. We date like a bun. You can sell the aroma.
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody more. Hey, no, no, why? I spend all day at work
planning that when I get off a go tanning. I get naked and fake baked. How much
lunges my skin gonna take it? My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist.
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma. We date like a bun. You can sell the aroma. Our lights
are all on, but there's nobody. Homa. Hey, melanoma. We lie in the sun till we get melanoma.
We date like a bun. You can smell the aroma. We got lung stars. Skin bigger than the metroidoma.
Hey melanoma. We don't care if we get melanoma. We got the best tan from here to Arizona.
We're glad we don't have genital congaloma. Hey melanoma.
Hey! 140 at W I O D. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Okay nice talking to you too. Thanks Randy.
Here's Margate. Hello. Neil, good afternoon. Yes sir. I'm at this hell. I'm going to rip somebody
one tomorrow. About? A non-family dental essay. Nothing heavy. A little pass-on. A little
on the cup. Yeah. A little 13 year old system at the table. Excuse me, excuse me,
with his hands crossed. Says grace. Really? Yeah. Except he's in special ed because he was
down syndrome in a board of education. Yeah. And when I find out which teacher decided to teach
him that instead of how to spell his name. Isn't that nice? Yeah, real nice. Did he mention Jesus
in there a couple of times? No, when he gets to, when he teach him how to talk the right way,
I'd understand it. Yeah. But they're teaching him grace. We couldn't eat until he said, you know,
we said some Hebrew words and said, on end, we start dinner. Yeah. But they got me really,
really upset. Good. Go kick some ass. Damn right. Okay. Question? Yeah. Before you go,
I get to go to Vegas this summer. A little vacation. Yes. I know you mentioned Rio Nogo.
Don't go there. Valley? Don't go to the Rio sweets. What do you want to go to Bally's for? It's
off the beaten path. Go to some place on the strip. Bally's is right next to MGM. I was there two
years ago. No, it's not. Bally's is right next to it MGM. You take the Monterey equal right over.
Well, George is nodding his head like George is the expert. If you say it's right next to it,
it's not right next to it. It's down the road, but it's right on the strip. Bally's is not
right on the strip. It's like, okay, whatever you guys say, but you said it's like slightly back off
the strip. Okay, don't tell me it's right on the strip. It's behind a flamingo. No, it is not.
The balance is right next to MGM. I went there last two years ago. Bally's is not next to
MGM. You're wrong. Oh, you went there. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You went there when?
Two years I was in MGM. And Bally's was right next to it. We took the Monterey over right next door.
It is not right next door. I'd make you a little wait. I bet you how much you want to bet.
It's like three or four hotels down. Whatever you want. I'm going to have to take it. It's all
paid for. It's not next door to the MGM grand. Believe me. Trust me. Okay, but if you say,
well, and then let me ask you this, what difference does it make? Well, it doesn't. I'm going to
want to stay at the MGM. I'm not care about that. I just want to know which hotels played a better
slot, but she said old hotels. There's nothing left. Who's left? Oh, where the slots are better?
Yeah, you mentioned tropical. Tropical. Tropical. Tropical. Tropical. Yes. I know. I know. Not the
I never liked. Not the M guy. I never go into Bally. I never went into Bally's. I maybe once. I
never go to the flamingos. I'll redone inside. I haven't been in there. I mean, you can listen.
You can only punch so many places. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, but there's things I just
didn't do the last time. I want to catch up. Tropical. I can't. I give it a shot. It's a great place.
All right. Okay. Thank you. Punch your brains out. Yeah.
And you're agreeing with him? It is right on the strip. It is not right next door to the MGM grand.
It's not right next door to the MGM grand. And it is not on the strips. It is wrong. Bally's used to be
the MGM before it burned down. Okay. It is slightly back. It is set back. They're conveyor belts
to take you right off the strip. But it's not right on the strip. God damn it. Close enough.
You better watch yourself.
Do you know what I'm saying? You, you little miserable uncircumcised spick.
We have two open lines today. 6229463. 6222. Pretty soon you're going to have a nose ring if you don't
watch it. Or some kind of a ring. What do they call that? A four-skin ring? That's probably what they
call those. Prince Helbert. Anyway, when it's time to talk mattresses, when it's time to talk
turkey about where you're laying your putrid body, you know, why don't you walk around with a bad
back? Probably one of the reasons you may have a bad back is because you're sleeping on an old
mattress that is headed. It's lumpy. It's bumpy and a mattress too. Pick up the phone and call
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S because mattress shopping is a cinch. It's a snap. You don't have to leave your
house. You don't have to do anything. All you got to do is make one easy phone call. You talk to
people who really know their mattresses inside, outside, upside down. And they sell you the greatest
mattress in the world. Whatever kind you like. You like extra firm. You like extra soft. You like
extra hard. Well, why not? And of course, they got every kind of mattress under the sun. Seely
posture. Pedic. Surder. Perfect sleepers. Simmons beauty rest rest on a comfort care. They sold me
a great mattress. You were in a half ago. I sleep like an infant like a child, even working for these
people. I still sleep good. That's a major miracle. So pick up the phone. Save a ton of money on your
cost. Save a lot of grief on your delivery because they deliver what it's convenient for you.
Seven days a week all the way up to 11 o'clock at night all over the state. Just pick up the phone
and make one easy call. You got a great new mattress. It'll be there before you know it. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
And if you don't like the mattress 30-A exchange policy, they'll take it back. Give you whatever you want.
No extra charge. No problem at all. Call them today. It starts sleeping and comfort. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S. It stands for something. If you haven't heard Brooke Daniels lately, here's what you missed.
Right now in front of my face, I've got the ultimate man of heated ism 2 calendar. And the other
ones is stud muffins of science. By the way, you haven't lived until you've seen a calendar made up of
old men who in their real lives are scientists and one sort of another like these. You guys
don't know my nerds. So they just take their tops off and I'm supposed to get psyched on these.
Guys when I know they'd rather be playing around with the P2 dish than me anyway.
Brooke Daniels week nights on 610-W-I-O-D.
610-W-I-O-D is just real static-y.
I'm very proud of my new nose ring. I think I must be a sassion king.
Look in the mirror what do I see? And head from what somehow I don't look like me.
You see, I had surgery, but the plastic surgery. My skin, my nose, and my eyes.
What my way is, is even dialocidol.
I can't believe this time. I got the big whip.
I got the big whip.
I got the big whip.
I got the big whip.
I got the big whip.
Oh, look at that.
150-W-I-O-D. I wrote it down. What was that comment? Crackhead Nigger Horon.
Ron and Ron this morning. 9.50. Write that down in your diary, baby.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Great. That guy is crazy.
B M G M is at least a mile from Bally's and the Aladdin's in between.
Oh, the Aladdin is definitely right next door to the M G M grand.
And it's like several and the flamingo is in between.
It's down. It's on the corner.
I don't know what the name of that screen is in there.
I don't know what the can is.
Huh?
Did they call Tropicana Bolivite?
No, no, that's where the M G M is.
Right. I'm talking about...
He's right on the corner there. It's like about 60 R D and they got an escalator now, dragging in.
Right.
Yeah. What he was talking about.
He doesn't know any of his George.
George has been in Vegas twice in his life.
He's been all of us three times in his life.
And he's an expert now.
I've been there three times in the last five minutes.
When's the last time you've been there?
Me or George?
No, you, no.
January. January 17th.
Didn't you all tell them that opened up yet?
Or...
Yeah, in fact, that was the day that New York, New York was opening that day.
And it was so jam packed in there.
I mean, it was an incredible place.
But we went in and lost a couple of hundred and ran right out.
I mean, it was just...
It was hysterical. It was just too jammed in there.
I'm going in June.
You'll love it.
All right, Neil, take care, buddy.
When it gets over...
I'm going in there about 20 times.
What's not to like?
All right, love it.
I've been there about 20 times.
I got to go back every year.
Okay, pal.
All right, Neil.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Yeah, that guy called me for a good guy,
but he's got his geography a little bit wrong.
And you're trying to like squeeze all those places together.
I'll tell you, you know, that Bob Stupac place,
whatever they call it now.
It's changed about for that's in receivership.
That's right next to the MGM Grand II, isn't it?
In fact, Fremont Street, downtown.
That's right next to the MGM Grand II, I think.
The Golden Nugget Downtown.
That's right next to the Grand.
And I think, uh,
Lockland, that's right in the La Laughland.
Whatever that town is.
That's right next to the MGM Grand II, I think.
So stay at the MGM because it's close to everything.
I'll ride.
It is a great place.
Boyd Wailer and the food in that joint.
The food.
I'm Tony.
I know it sounds crazy because I've eaten at hotels all over the world.
And most of the hotel food sucks because it's not a restaurant.
It's a hotel.
That's not their primary business.
It's a hotel.
But the food from room service at the MGM Grand
is just as good as any gourmet restaurant
at which you have ever eaten in your life.
And that's no exaggeration.
It's great.
Right?
Right.
In fact, once the restaurant, the Rosewood Grill.
Rosewood Grill is great.
A lot more expensive.
Although the food is not cheap.
It's pretty expensive.
But Boyd's good and delivery.
They got 5,000 rooms in that hotel.
20 minutes of your food is there.
We're even at 5.30 in the afternoon.
The middle of dinner hour.
And you're wondering, how the hell do they do this?
Oh, by the way, that guy just fell on the floor.
That you had up on the wall.
That guy with a heavy pecs just fell on the floor, George.
Here's Hyperluxo on a mobile.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, listen, how can you tell George Balley
does not on the strip?
How far off the sidewalk do you have to be?
Caesar's Balles is as far off the sidewalk
through its on a strip, right?
But Caesar's face is the strip.
Balley doesn't even face the strip.
It's across from the Babaric coast
with a beautiful hangout.
So how is that place?
They've never been in there.
Christ, now you know from the Italian dinner hour.
Yes, Father.
We're called the hole in the wall.
It's supposed to be really famous years ago.
Yeah, that's right.
I call that place, I call that place the Barbaric coast.
Yeah, but Balley's is on a strip.
They got people movers.
It bring you right in.
But it is not, okay, see, it's a technicality, okay?
Yes, it is.
But the point at the point he was trying to make
is this guy's trying to say it's right next to the MGM grand.
It is not.
It's way up the strip.
It's toward.
I'm going to walk by the Aladdin.
I close my eyes when I go by there.
Now you take them on a rail.
Do it some work.
Do not go any Aladdin, by the way, okay?
Oh, it's horrible.
Now listen.
Although they do have a good buffet,
you'll feel like you're right at cemetery village.
Hey, listen, let's go down a free monastery,
now for a minute.
You've seen that you've seen that
that $80 million light show down there.
Yeah.
That's our right point.
It still sucks.
Downtown still blows.
Downtown still blows, huh?
The four queens.
Yeah, there's four queens.
I think there's a few more than four queens.
The beautiful, love Vegas.
Now I'm going to make a cheap plug here.
Yeah, go ahead.
I'd still up.
Go ahead.
I jump into the cabin.
There's a Guido driving.
Yeah.
Where would you go for, you know,
a bowl of pasta, that's all off the beaten track.
He took me to a place called Chicago Joe's.
It's a house, old house, renovated, two brothers,
zone of maybe they serve 30 people at the most.
Yeah.
Beautiful.
Where is it?
It's a couple blocks off between,
I'm going to tell you,
it's between the star dust and the ionosphere.
If you know what that's like.
Oh, right next to the MGM grid.
Yeah.
I'm a good after there.
Okay, thanks.
By the way, oh, you know something.
Well, the guy's still listening.
They got it started all this with his Vegas,
Kakaray.
If you want to place where the slots are great,
go to the start.
This guy just,
I always went in the start.
Why do I ever go any place beside the start.
The start is great.
In fact, I got a machine there.
A haywire machine.
I'm not going to tell you which one it is.
You can't lose.
You cannot lose.
I love that machine.
That machine loves me.
That machine loves me.
I walk in there.
I get a couple of rolls of a dollars.
I go to that machine.
I stick them in there.
But I'll bring them up 200 bucks.
Like that.
Just like that.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's happening, brother?
Great stuff.
Great stuff.
I'm having the best day of my life.
Almost.
Sounds like it.
Yeah.
What's not to like?
Nothing.
Beautiful day.
You're stuck in an office.
Yeah, but it's almost over, man.
Yeah, you got 10 minutes until you're out in the sun.
I got a nice new Corvette sitting out there waiting to work.
Okay, we have an open line.
Open line.
Dayed.
622, WIOD.
And one in brown.
He's similar to a bunch of bird crap,
but he's probably right.
But tomorrow, thank God,
his Wednesdays car wash day.
So don't worry about it.
You know, people like it all
talk about people who go out there and shoot pigeons.
Let me tell you one thing.
Okay, even cats, which I'm not too crazy about.
Cats don't dump on your car.
Dogs most certainly do not take a dump on your car.
Birds, however,
they dump on your car.
So anybody that's out there shooting birds
for fun and profit, be my guest.
Okay.
I mean, they're smart little critters,
but if they're not smart enough to evade that,
exactly too bad.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Quintanently, I'm right next door to the MGM, too.
It sounds like it.
Yeah, I want to do, you're getting that gifilt to fish thing.
Yes.
I wanted to know if you've ever seen the fish
on the back of some cars that has little legs on it
and says Darwin inside it.
Yeah, I love that one.
That's great.
Oh, okay.
Isn't that great that intelligent people
are combating all this bull crap now?
It's like, hey, you either go, you can't ride,
you know, the Pope is riding both sides of the fence.
I mean, you know, pick one or the other.
I hear he's only riding one side,
but I don't want to say which side.
Well, that's all I call to say to see if you've seen the Darwin one.
I love it.
Okay.
See you.
Bye.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to give me a pull out right now.
I'm going to go home and drop it in the bay in the in the creek
and fish for something you're filtered fish for pay saw.
How do you like that?
I know how to do it right.
I'm getting me a pull and I'm going to either that or do fish.
I'm going to go over to that do fish creek
and fish for something you're filtered fish.
What other kind of fish would you expect to catch
in do fish creek besides you're filtered fish?
God damn it.
Or dang it.
Damn it.
So anyway, listen, I just moved in right next door to the MGM Grand.
