Don't get weird on us. It's only radio.
610 WIOD. Miami.
Ford Lawyer now.
610 WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk with Neil, call 622 WIOD and date.
767 WIOD and Broward.
Mobile wanted AT&T wireless customers can call toll free at pound IOD.
And now, not only across South Florida,
but across the nation and Canada too.
Call toll free at 1-888-474-WIOD.
And now, the Neil Rogers Show.
If I was but pecsum,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Old day long guide, bid-idididibon.
If I was the pecsum, going,
boy, I'd buy up all the stations,
like the life of lovin' Zeta IOD.
I've had lots of money in the bank,
annoying lots of goyem like run.
I have already own network that nobody carries,
but everyone has to run the spots.
TV cable real estate IOD home.
I'd have a half a dozen big FM stations
and 607 AM stations too.
And that's just in hell and there lo-lo-lo.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
If I was but pecsum,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Old day long guide, fiddle with my knob.
If I was my pecsum, going,
I'd be rearranged a format,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
By the way, the birds comin' back.
I have shackles, you know what I mean.
And that's Dan Major.
I'd be richer than the freaking queen.
Steve Kane, Wayne High Zenga,
would be perniquet.
Joey Reynolds.
If I was that pecsum, going,
boy,
Panthers had a goal called back for a man in the crease,
the devils have the only legal one.
Drop Needomire with a shot in scores.
Endy McCay turning shouldered off by Lowry,
but McCay get moving.
Brandy McCay twisting with it.
Winnery pass scores.
Lowry, two, one, Panthers.
Panthers have it, Brodoor hasn't left.
Hub had it knocked away by Enbridge,
shot, floated back on again,
and it's colored by Needomire.
Now headed to the bench, Brodoor.
The devils will go in six attackers,
Needomire sent it to the corner.
Hacked along by Devorak,
waiting his Gilmore keeps it alive.
Gilmore shoots,
saved made by M&B's brook.
Off Gilmore again,
fed one to Garin, knocked away,
backhander up over the,
or off of the net and then off the glass.
Odeline flipped the long further.
Needomire around behind,
but his Gilmore out in front,
they hack away at it still.
It's Gilmore to Garin,
he can't get a shot away in the way of Devorak.
Clear back off,
able to keep it his Odeline.
The fans are standing,
it's difficult to see.
Cuck came back over now to Devorak,
down the eyes and in.
You know, somebody better tell us reddit to Vorek,
kid to quit messing with my predictions, okay?
What did I say yesterday?
Panthers three New Jersey two,
and there it was, three to two.
It was right within my grasp,
and the score two.
And as smart as kids,
scores that empty net goal.
But thank you very much,
reddit, because it got out of us out of there
with 30 seconds left.
No traffic whatsoever got out of there
like a bad out of hell.
And it was great.
All of a sudden out of nowhere,
and of all people,
of all people to set a fire
under the ass of this team,
Robbie Neetermire.
Robbie Neetermire,
who all of a sudden got that wake up call,
in fact, is he,
and this is the God's honest truth,
God dang.
Just before he scored the tying goal there
in the third period,
and this is the first time we've all
seasoned long one of game after,
trailing after two.
He's coming across the blue line,
and I'm starting my own kind of like,
under my breath,
Robbie.
Robbie, I'm doing it sarcastically.
And just before we took the shot,
I'm going,
Robbie, and about I'm being right in the net,
and everybody including me gets up,
and we're screaming.
Then of course he gets in the fight
and kicks chambers ass, big time.
And then the crowd is all going,
Robbie, Robbie, we're easy,
okay, we're easy, okay,
we forget all the other stuff.
Nice going, Robbie.
And then Dave Lowry,
and what have passed by Shepard on at first goal?
I know you don't want to hear about it,
you non-hockey boring people, okay?
It was great.
Just with a doctor ordered at the right time,
a freaking miracle, okay?
A freaking unbelievable miracle,
just when things were looking pretty grim,
man, slim and grim,
and all of a sudden these guys butch stuff.
Nice going, Robbie.
Nice going, Dave.
Shepard, what a pass, huh?
So that was some night at the arena last night.
The only problem again that the crowd, oh, man.
Our topic today, by the way,
and I notice certain shows
they're doing topics these days.
But our topic,
our topic today is,
Drunken Goyam at the sporting events in South Florida.
Boy, did we have drunks there last night?
We had more drunks per square inch
than you could shake your thing into.
I mean, just unbelievable.
And then the crowd,
and I'm not just talking about the a rat man up there
who's a real asshole,
I'm talking about a whole thousands of people.
In the third period there,
there was that situation,
I figured who was,
was it Scott Needomar and Murphy?
Somebody in Murphy.
I'm pretty sure it was Scott Needomar,
I better check.
Better check the thing here
and see who got the double minor, okay?
And Rob Shick, the referee,
calls the penalty.
There's an original penalty against Jersey,
and then Murphy and whoever it was,
I think Needomar, get into it.
Let me check here.
Where's the thing?
Okay, let's see.
Third period.
Yeah, Scott Needomar,
a double minor.
And so the referee is called a double minor,
four minutes on them,
and two minutes on Murphy for retaliating,
which is fine.
We got the man advantage.
We got a power play.
And now the crowd,
not even understanding it,
not even getting it,
even though they only put the two minutes
for Needomar up there and a board for them.
And now the crowd,
thousands of them are screaming,
hey, ref, you suck!
And we're all looking at each other like,
what is wrong with you?
And he just gave us a power play out of that.
You idiots, you morons.
When are you going to learn?
It's embarrassing, okay?
Oh, and by the way,
so Rimmer don't get all ruffled.
The reason I had to play a Mike Emmerk this morning
is my small dish.
The VCR had gone with that for some reason.
One of the 85,000 power outages
and plantation in last couple of days.
It flipped over to short play.
So I get home after the game last night.
And all I got is the New Jersey.
Thank goodness I taped them both.
See, always have a backup.
Always have a backup behind you.
Well, even if it's Paul Coffey.
But at any rate,
so that's the only telecast I had.
And Mike Emmerk quite frankly,
that wasn't his best work ever,
but it's all we got.
So it's better than nothing.
So that's why you weren't on there, Rimmer.
So don't get all bent out of shape
and psychotic,
and emotional as usual, okay?
That's the reason we had the Emmerk highlights
from Sports Channel,
whatever it is that does the devil's games.
So there we go.
It was a great night.
A good time was had by all.
We had a lot of drunks.
And I saw the mad dog there last night.
Mad dog was up there enjoying it,
sitting up there kind of kicking back
with 85 beers in his hand.
He was really a,
having a great time.
And he said to me,
I like guys.
And I said,
hey, I'm, I'll see you.
So at any rate, let's see,
Mandage was there,
who well owned it before I left the house.
This is the best news of all.
Get ready to go to the hockey game,
hoping for a three-two panther win.
Which it really was three-two.
The empty net goal was the icing on the cake.
Oh, it was icing?
No, just a, anyway.
So at any rate,
the phone rings,
and who is it?
It's that bitch,
Eleanor Breffer,
from the Miami Herald.
That fucking bitch.
I just want to say this, okay, Ellie?
Don't bother me.
Any information that I have to pass along,
I will give to Tom Jicca.
Because Tom,
even though we've had our moments over the years,
who hasn't?
When you've been here for as many years as Tom and I have been,
you're going to have your moments.
But Tom's a good guy,
and he doesn't write bull crap.
He doesn't just make things up.
And he also isn't an Ojohn provocateur,
desperate to try to create a problem
just to get his spicy quotes and create some kind of a war.
Tom's got a real nice piece.
In fact, he ought to be wearing it in that picture.
Now, I mean, he's got a nice piece in the Sunsettless morning,
on page 4E,
bid to sensor Rogers, prompted move.
How do you like that?
So at any rate,
and basically,
what I'm reading in the article here is all pretty accurate.
And all what I told him.
And Eleanor Breffer,
I have two minutes before I'm leaving the house to go to the hockey game,
and this bitch calls again.
I said, what do you want, Ellie?
Well, you won't believe this,
but I'm writing another story.
I said, when's the book coming out already, honey?
Why don't you just write a make in 10 million a year
and just get it over with, make up whatever you want?
And she's another one of these people who doesn't get it.
She ought to work for Paxton.
She doesn't get it.
She doesn't get the message.
Like a lot of other people who don't get the message,
we're getting email now, we're getting faxes for people about,
oh, well, Hank thinks this.
And the Paxton people,
see, what you don't understand,
that little handful of malcontent Yentis out there,
I don't really care.
I don't care.
I don't care if this one's going ballistic.
I don't care if that one is having a nervous breakdown.
I don't care if, let's see,
who are they bringing in Don,
I'm as Howard Stern and Jerry Williams and William P. Williams.
They're all coming in here to do midday.
Fine, great.
Life goes on.
Most 11 as they say in China,
it's a paycheck, it's a living, okay?
It's a business.
But the number, I mean, just the feeding frenzy
that's going on here lately,
I mean, Stan Major calling in on the air,
we're here the other day.
I almost said they called somebody off the air,
which I don't want to do that.
But no, seriously, Stan sniffing around over here
like they're going to put him on the air here.
On this radio station again,
after that earlier debacle,
to talk about Milky Way dark.
Remember those shows?
Were you around that?
I was doing them, I was bored out.
Oh, my God, and you survived that?
Let's hear it for George, folks.
Come on.
Remember, that's how he got me the job with you.
Anybody buy a good watch lately?
You know how many years ago that is?
And I still remember it now,
that's like seven, eight years ago.
That's when Mr. Ego went to New York to WABC
for his short-lived run up there.
And Stan Major, and yes, I must confess,
I had, well, I had nothing to do with that.
I had something to do with getting money
around the weekend there,
which was bad enough.
But then as a desperation move,
and they stuck a money around afternoon drive,
and Stan did many, many shows on Milky Way dark
and Milky Way lights.
I mean, don't take it personal, Stan.
It's not personal, it's just business and God.
I mean, it was pretty exciting radio.
See, there are a lot of people who think
that they can do this.
Stream of consciousness.
Come on, and bap bap.
See, I'm going to tell you right now,
I don't care what Walter Sabo says.
I don't care what Harry Penis says.
I don't care what Peter Bolder says.
I don't care what anybody says.
Topic talk radio.
Where we come on in, this is the topic.
We're going to talk about how many pedestrians
you've hit this week with your car.
It is so boring.
It is so terminal, and the demographics
that it gets are so old.
Just look at the light bulb, man.
They had to put a special column in arbitrage
for dead people just so that the light bulb
could show up in there.
That's how old topic radio gets demographically.
Because living and breathing people,
don't care about that.
It is so, that went out with knickers.
That went out with two piece bathing suits for men.
And these guys, man, they got all the answers.
They want to hear those hot topics.
They want to hear you push those hot buttons, baby.
Even Lord asked limbo is in the tank.
This company spent 125 grand,
so I was told by the big man.
What's his name?
What's his name?
Yeah, he told me they spent 125 grand on wins
to get that half-assed fat slub show.
And he's dead in the water, man.
Because nobody wants to hear all that right-wing rhetoric anymore.
They've heard it till it's coming out of their body parts.
But all these people are experts and everybody,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
and they're in a feeding frenzy.
Know something that's great, because it's kind of a boring time
in a boring town anyway.
So leave it to me once again by hooker by crook
to stimulate something out there.
Get a little something going.
Even the bird is calling Alan Mason now.
Alan Mason, though, as he wants to do this show.
I don't think we could handle that.
Do you?
I think that...
Yeah, exactly.
We'd have to bring our own bird on there.
Or instead of the bird, maybe we could bring on you bird.
Or the bird.
For somebody who's been here this morning saying,
well, what's the difference?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't want to be being afraid of confidence.
But I think everybody feels that way pretty much.
As a matter of fact, just one last time.
Okay, just the whole time, say.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610WIOD,
you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
You sound like a douchebag.
Do it.
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
You're not just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
Oh, play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
Oh, God, stand it.
You won't see who won't talk to me.
Oh, God, we got a car here.
Hello.
Yeah, we better get that car phone.
1015WIOD never...
When McDonald is in town, she's not listening to us.
What's this discussion with, huh?
1018WIOD.
The happy Thursday.
It's a great day in town, man.
We're going to have ticket tape parades.
Everybody is on their feet.
Everybody's all pumped up.
They are.
And of course, we're going to be talking to Mike Lang,
the voice of the penguins later on, about 1 o'clock for a few minutes.
Don't get panicky now.
Rumors not coming.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I think the team might have had their B-I-12 shot yesterday before the game.
Good B, I think that's what done it.
What did I tell you?
All you doubting Steve Thomas' out there, I told you, 3 to 2 Panthers.
And I'll take 4 to 2, just to be safe.
And 8 to 8 minutes, but I think even Joe Watt, a pre-deafing game lab.
Not bad for him.
Yeah, that's right.
It's better when he's spent half the game in a penalty box, keeps us out of trouble.
That's right.
He keeps out of our way.
How you going to a Italian class in Saturday?
Yes.
Well, I want to invite you right across the way on the Swapule University,
where you have a big, all-water pole tournament.
Yeah?
I mean, maybe we want to check it out after class.
We got some of the top players in the world competing there.
Really?
It's a very fun sport to watch.
Very physical and exciting.
A lot of almost naked young guys, huh?
Exactly.
Great.
Check it out.
A little short walk, kind of, right on the conference center where you're out there.
Oh, it is?
Yeah.
I don't think there was anything behind the conference center.
Yeah, just a little bit.
There's a bunch of naked guys.
Just a little bit to the side there.
And a big, big swimming pool complex.
Great.
Yeah, check it out.
If you put your name on a list, you want to stay in this and even.
All right.
All righty.
Thanks, pal.
All righty.
Bottom's up.
Okay.
There you go.
You know about the swimmers and the polo guys.
Two open lines in day six, two, two, two, WYOD.
Two and Broward, seven, six, seven.
Anybody out there hit any pedestrians this week?
Come on.
That's our topic today.
Who would you rather have?
The bird, a Stan Major, Steve Cain, Ellie Brecher.
Who you want to do in his show mid days when I'm out of here?
Come on.
Let's hear it.
I hear Andrew Calba's coming back and Phil's coming to produce his show.
That's the reward that I heard.
Are you positive?
Here.
Here's.
Oh, God.
But Pete Boulder kind of laid it out.
Fourth, did you notice?
He's not only very defensive continually and also very like, you know, he's, he's what he is.
But did you notice the little thing he said that we were talking about one of the personalities on this station
who happened to my opinion, he's very weak.
And he said, oh, you won't have to worry about that once everything kind of like plays out.
Did you notice that?
And then like, I just kind of like take my curiosity is that oh, I've picked him up already kind of like,
I've spanked out into the hole once everything plays out.
Yeah, right.
Because we're terrified of these up this operation.
Make no mistake about that.
Make no mistake.
Everybody in the market is terrified that packs him.
I keep it.
I mean, might sell it.
That's what it is.
I had it like almost right.
Might sell it to somebody who knows what they're doing.
That's what it's all about.
So I'm going to read Tom Jekyll's column in a little while just to spice up a little interest in here.
Because not everybody reads the Sun Sentinel, I guess.
And there's some pretty interesting crap in there that even I didn't know.
Okay, let's go to Evan Tura.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How about that home ice advantage coming on for us, huh?
He looks pretty good.
All we got to do is win one game.
I wanted to talk to you about a news comment.
Commentation I heard this morning, I comment on the news.
Yeah, ask you before we do that.
Have you hit any pedestrians this week?
No, I'm, I'm trying real hard not to do that.
I get into work really early.
Okay.
But anyway, they just 9-1-1 operator.
They, they took the call from that, that young teenager that there was some crime going on in their home.
And they accused the 9-1-1 operator of being rude.
Yeah.
Can you imagine?
Yeah.
I thought it was a prerequisite to be a resident and day to be rude.
Or at least a tendency to be rude.
That's right.
Especially if you're going to be a phone operator.
Absolutely.
Can you imagine if all the rude people in South Florida became like unconscious,
like at 10-30 for like two hours?
Or if they just left.
Or if they just left with their, with their, with their being anybody here.
Not too many, just us.
Hallelujah.
I can't believe it.
Just try and George.
It's it.
You're in George, talk to you later now.
Okay. Go get some pedestrians.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Dave Lines, wide open here.
I thought we'd be having a party on the phone here today.
Man, I thought this town would be jumping on it.
Oh, guess who was at the game last night?
I didn't recognize him at all.
You know, it's embarrassing when somebody comes up between periods.
And they got a big smile on their face.
And they shake your hand.
And remember me and you say, no.
No, it was costus.
Remember our friend, costus, the Greek, not Bob.
Just put like a much younger and much nicer than Bob.
It was like a regular guy, but he's in the military.
And he's got like different hair.
And he lost a lot of weight.
And he looked great.
I mean, real good.
Nice to see a costus.
622 W I O D and D.
We got any takers this morning.
We're going to have to read the time, jicker column to jumpstart these bastards.
I don't want to do that.
We don't want to keep dwelling on this thing on and on and on and pop, pop, pop.
And let me say it again.
LA Brecker don't bother me anymore.
When you don't get the message, what does it take to get the message across
to some of these people?
I've got nothing to tell you, sweetheart.
Just keep doing what you've been doing.
You and Barry Jackson make it up.
Just keep making crap up and put it in the paper because we all know
the hero's got great credibility.
And not only that, but I know that you've been trying to stir up the pot.
And try to get people to say all kinds of crap about me.
She did it with, let's see, with Harry Penis.
She did it with Rhonda Wolf.
She's doing it with everybody here.
Call the packs and people and desperately try to get them to make all kinds of
cost of comments about me so she can start this war in the newspaper because
there's nothing else going on and she's bored, I guess.
And then she calls me on a phone and sucks my ass over the phone last night like
you wouldn't believe.
Oh, I wish you the best luck.
And you know how fun I am.
But blow it out your ass, Ellie.
Get out of here already.
Go run out of goat.
Go eat loaf with Randy Rhodes and get out of my face.
God, you jappy broad you.
Nothing worse than phony backers who give you the real, you know, the real good,
oh, yeah, I love you so much.
And then behind your back there just they're just turning it and twisting it and yanking it
and pulling it and pushing it to try to stir the pot.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach Garden.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know how things, more things change the more they remain the same.
Yes, sir.
Well, I know who your perfect replacement will be.
OK, Jay Michael.
All right.
Now we're talking.
All right.
Great.
That'll be a good one.
I like that.
Yeah.
Well, I get one else.
I'll be following you down the dial.
That's not what I'm hearing.
That's not what I'm hearing.
They think I'm they're pretty sure here that everybody staying with six, ten,
W-I-O-D.
Well, I think they got a good point.
Well, take care, Neil.
OK, see you.
Bye.
By the way, what's that, what's the name of that song that's in the, the, the,
the J Michael's did?
Let's say I got sunshine on my radio.
What is it?
I guess it's still in the card.
I saved that what I know and I got it somewhere.
It's another one of those stand major show, show songs.
And I'm sure that in fact, most of the people who are listening now,
they're saying, Stan, who, who are you talking about?
What is that?
What is a Stan major?
And then of course it was Pete Boulger that brought that up this morning,
hoping I would talk about that.
And you know what I'm saying?
Not good for the ratings, Pete.
Not good.
We don't want to put up all those billboards and blow the audience off,
talking about Stan major and those are Stogies.
Although it is, so anybody, eatin' any good Milky Way darts?
Oh, and by the way.
So I spoke to my doctor yesterday.
This is a miracle.
This is a major miracle how I've survived this last several months.
I'm not exaggerating.
As fat as I've gotten, and I mean, I'm fat again,
gained all the Atkins weight back, but you know something great about the Atkins?
I hope, I hope that that babbling bitch, by the way,
is listing along with her eight physician husband.
The one thing about the Atkins diet, not only does it
improve your blood lipid levels, but at least in my case,
it has this tremendous staying power.
In other words, you can gain the weight back, you can do all you can eat ice cream,
and I'm not recommending that you do this.
But for some reason, it seems to, there's this residual effect
after you've done a long period of time with that.
And if at least you try to do it occasionally in between,
which it's been very much in between for me,
like you know, six days off and one day on, and the diet too.
But at any rate, my blood sugar was 139, which is not bad.
My cholesterol was 229, which is only like a point higher than it was some months ago,
whenever last time I did it, and not really that bad.
I mean, it should be under 200, but 229 is not bad for a fatal fart like me.
And my triglycerides were 100.
Oh!
Which back before I did the Atkins, they were 300.
Then they went to 66 and end of 77, and now 100,
which they do tell you now that they'd like them to be 100 or less.
Used to be 200.
Your triglycerides, which is a very key indicator of like fart attack,
is keep it under 100.
But I thought that was pretty damn good.
And Dr. Watts's name, Dr. Mark said,
you're right, these people around here are nuts.
I said, I know, whose blood is, it must be somebody else's blood test.
That's why they came out so good.
Now I'm starting to get the message.
Okay, we have an open line at day 6222WOD1 and Broward, 767,
one on the mobile one for a poline, pound IOD,
two on the other townlines, one tripele,
our topic today is your favorite pedestrians you've killed.
Our first caller will be Rick Sanchez.
Oh, soapers on the line?
16, W-I-O-T.
Okay, I don't want to let the cat out of the bag,
but Pete did tell us who's going to be my replacement here at it.
All right, oh, look at that, it's eating the cart, I love it.
It refuses to play.
Look at that, Pat.
I just can't keep my secret, you know, how did you came to town?
Two, six, six, seven, eight,
oh, that thing's had it in that cart.
It's the world ever he knew you would care.
I am that him right.
Joey, I better stop it there, because that cart,
that's an old Zeta cart by the way, Pete.
Look at that, look familiar.
Oh yeah, you got that, huh, bring it back.
No, seriously, that's one of those old Zeta,
will you give him some B12 or something,
give him some drugs.
Just a joke, don't you remember,
you packed up all those carts for me and said,
here, go ahead, get us a Salami sandwich,
and have a great life and get on here.
They gave me a whole, in fact,
we're taking these carts too, by the way,
because they all belong to me or Roy.
Should I give them to Roy or should we take them?
He said, here, take them with Marble Shingen,
we'll also give you a Stale Salami sandwich
from Wolfies right up the street.
Bye, bye, Joey, and I'd play the whole thing,
except for the fact that this cart is like,
and you know something, this is one of those real old carts
that's got, oh, it's got no pads in it.
How the hell did these play?
They don't even make, well, they don't make carts anymore,
anyway, I guess they're hard to get.
But these are carts from like, before Einstein was a baby,
the ones with no pads, remember these?
Oh my God, Scotch, cart two, 1827, I love it.
And that's just, coincidentally,
the year Joey was born.
How do you like that, Joey?
I am that him right.
Starts Monday, 10 to 2 on 610, W-I-O-D.
Bill Marshall's coming back too.
We couldn't get the bird, little too expensive.
Bill Marshall's coming back on a laugh loop.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello.
I knew how you doing.
Great.
When you leaving for QAM?
Someday.
Okay.
I don't know.
Someday soon, someday down the road.
Who knows?
Only the shadow knows.
I don't know.
I can't fight.
If I knew a date, I would tell you right now.
If I were a betting man, I'd say someday.
So rumor has it you're teaming up with a mad dog and Brian Cox?
Yeah, that's right.
We're doing it.
Yep.
I don't want to say what we're doing, but you can guess.
The panthers look pretty good last night.
They were great, man.
What a night.
What a great night, except for the drugs and except for those assholes that don't understand the game.
You all went through referee, but other than that, it was great.
They look pretty good.
I got to be out.
Hey, Ralph, you suck you.
But he just called a double minor on Scott Needermire.
He plays for New Jersey.
Maybe they thought it was because his name was Needermire.
It was on us.
These people are so dumb.
It's four years already.
Dummy's get with it.
Learn the game a little bit.
They knew I got to be honest with you.
I've been a flyer.
I've been a flyer.
For 13 years.
No Lindros, the next two games.
He's got suspended a sentence, by the way.
Is Michael Remberg out for the year?
Well, he said that it wasn't as bad as they thought, but I don't know when he's coming.
No, he's not out for the year.
I tell you what, I'm going to put it in the middle.
He got like eight million stitches in his purse.
I can't believe Bobby Clark has an address to Goldton in the situation there.
If we would have a Goldtoner, I mean, they can go somewhere.
Yeah.
Hexball and that.
I'm ready from the drapeback, Pellie Lindbergh, in between the pipes.
They're bringing it back.
I'm sorry.
They're going to put him in Terry Sautchuk in there together.
They're going to time together.
I'll tell you what, anybody could take that.
It's going to be good playoff at the show.
It's going to be exciting to watch.
They're going to bring Glenn Hall back and see if he still pukes before the game,
although he did play for Chicago and St. Louis.
How'd your vet run it?
My vet is running great.
It's a beautiful thing.
And now I have two vets that are totally different.
And how happy could I be?
You know what I'm saying?
You got an NSX-2, right?
Yes, I do.
96.
A 96, red NSX, which I don't drive, but it's a great car.
What about the Luminor?
Yeah, I can't afford it.
Have a great day, Pellie.
Can I call for me a douchebag?
Yes.
Ricky, Jimmy, and Dennis, you're a bunch of Flamian, drippy douchebags.
All right.
ADL.
Yeah.
Can I make one request?
By the way, Steve Conway is going to be doing mid days.
What is it?
Can I hear the two wavy song, please?
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
See ya.
The two wavy song.
Oh, and Dave Graveline is going to be doing it.
The Bulletin's are coming in fast and furious.
Dave Graveline is going to be coming in.
Of course, they're going to lock down all the equipment real tight.
They're going to tie everything down real heavy duty.
My family, my wife, grow my extra wavy.
You only have one wavy, son.
Oh, mommy, am I deformed?
No, no.
You're only supposed to have one.
Is Daddy deformed?
No.
He has two wavy's.
No, son.
He'll be has one.
Oh, he's big.
Mommy, no.
No, uh.
He's a little.
No.
Yeah.
A little wavy piece with.
And a great big wavy brush is the baby sitter's teeth with.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday to you, sir.
It's a great day, man.
I haven't run over in the pedestrian all the way.
Try to this guy in an earring.
He moved too fast.
Have you ever had even I noticed Rick and Suds are doing topics now,
which I know Rick would deny vehemently, but I noticed they're doing topics.
It seems like a disease.
We better stamp it out before it kills WIOD.
They're doing topics now.
You don't think that came from Walter Sabo.
Do you are consultant?
Oh, God.
I hope not.
Oh, my God.
We're doing topics even on the Rick and Suds show.
That's that's a.
That is a scary thing.
And Rick keeps saying we're not going to do topics, but the topic today is.
Yes.
There it is.
That's a clear indication of the downfall of West civilization.
It is.
Listen, great game last night.
Robbie Neetermeyer had some testicles for once.
Robbie was here.
And you know something earlier in the game, he wasn't doing anything.
He was just, but I sat there in my seat as they crossed center rice.
Here was Robbie with a puck and I was going, Robbie.
And then he crossed the blue and I went, Robbie and he took that shot.
And all of a sudden it's in the net and everybody went ballistic.
And from that moment on, it's like somebody woke his ass up like he came out of a rip-fen winkle like coma.
Yeah, he did the Gordie.
And then he beat the snout out of Sean Chambers there, which was great.
I love that.
He just beat the, he picked somebody good to fight with.
He didn't pick like a Lyle Odelein or somebody like that.
Yeah, a Kendanico.
He didn't mess with them.
He picked somebody who could beat the crap out of me.
He did a nice job.
Nice going, Robbie.
He did a Gordie housing.
And the crowd is screaming, Robbie.
Robbie.
What a night to be there.
How too bad the fans didn't understand what was going on most of them.
Oh, that was hilarious.
I mean, we got a power place.
Got Neeter Meyer.
Got the adult.
He gets a double minor.
They give him four minutes.
We're all excited where I am.
And then these other assholes across the way.
Thank God on the other side.
Oh, hey, ref, you suck.
I think they're too close to the rat, man.
I think it's rubbing off.
Yeah, all that.
When you guys get a clue over there.
Yeah, I told you, alcohol, the fume seem to work.
What we're going to do in the playoffs because they're such a demand for tickets now.
We're going to give them all a written test before they are allowed to come in.
And if they can't answer five basic questions about the game, then I've got to be allowed to come in.
No matter how many tickets they've got, how much money they got.
That means nobody from Dave County is going to pass.
Right.
Listen, just have one shameless request.
Yes, sir.
Play Mike Wann calling a stew barns or Mariela Mughal.
A stew barns goal.
Well, we'll have Mike on at one o'clock.
Oh, okay, but I'd love to hear his calls.
Can you just play the goal call?
It's a four minute penalty.
Johnson looks at over.
He's covered.
No, the man stewed barns just get it by Guzano.
And the penguins have afforded to leave.
Oh, fuck him, Dano.
That wasn't very good.
I don't like that.
In fact, I don't even know why that one is in there.
Okay, that wasn't one of Mike's, you know, Hall of Fame calls.
I wouldn't say this might be better.
And head back to the penguins.
Look at his head.
The penguins break out.
They've got a chance.
Here comes X on the right side.
You can get any of his trying to close it down.
His way's got him in open here.
Bar's in the sky.
Still bars.
Nails are going in the penguins' lane.
Turn it up.
I'll never teach a finger thing.
The bar.
Who opened lines in Broward, 7679463, 767W, IOT,
our poll question today is it Joy Reynolds?
Is it Davey Gravy line?
Would you like to have Stan Major on here midday?
What do you like to see?
Kane, how about Alice Rantell?
Come on.
These are the names Jim Phillips from Orlando.
That's a very hot rumor that I just started.
We got some heavy duty names coming in.
We've placed up only.
It'll be a piece of cake.
Because when I see what plays out here,
it's going to be dynamite when they start playing at
Polka Music.
It's going to be good.
That's right.
Nobody's irreplaceable.
I'm not under any delusions about that.
This station is going to continue world-unalong,
real strong, singing a song.
Sing a lot of songs.
So Tom Dicker writes,
fifth December Rogers prompted moves.
It will get to that moment fairly.
Nice article, Tom.
See, one thing about Tom Dicker, you can trust him.
If you say something to Tom like, well, this is off the record,
he doesn't put it in the paper.
If you say, here's what I think.
He puts what you think into paper
and doesn't like change it to suit himself.
Even if he does have a big bald spot.
But with Eleanor Bricker and Barry Jackson,
who are busy doing magic mushrooms, I guess,
they just hallucinate and then they start calling around trying to stir up trouble.
Just when we got out, they pull us back in.
Remember that Godfather 3?
Just when we were out, we got out.
They pull us back in.
Or whatever they want.
What did he say?
Let's get the script from Godfather 3
and see if the Pope wants another glass of Latte.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You think the fans didn't know the game yesterday?
What are they going to do tomorrow when it may be the last time they see Lumiere play?
I'm going to tell you, if we don't respond for, yeah, that's a very good point.
If we don't respond for Mario the way we should, in fact,
it's very possibly the last time he's ever going to play here,
because unless we meet them in the playoffs,
and it's possible we would not, unless that happens,
he may never play another game here on our ice.
And if we don't treat Mario with respect and the admiration he deserves,
then I'm going to be really pissed off,
because Mario is, you know, I know that some people say Bobby or,
and I used to say Bobby or, and some people say Gretzky,
which I get really pissed off with that nose.
But to me, Mario Lumiere is the greatest player that ever put on a jockstrap.
Man, he's the best.
Go pins.
Back.
See ya.
Go pins.
Yeah, right.
See, now I take it back.
Like I said, just be silent.
Go pins.
No, not go pins.
Blow pins.
They got no defense.
Just keep that in mind.
Shakey gold tending, no defense.
And also the rumor is that Yager will talk to Mike Lang about it later.
Rumor is that Yager has that reagivated that hamstring
and may not play in the game tomorrow night.
Very good chance of that.
Because in the game last night in Boston, I mean two nights ago,
he looked really off his feet and was a non-factor, Yager.
And if they don't have him healthy for the playoffs, they'll be out fast.
I mean real fast as in Zipini, Duda.
But we'll find out from what's his name later on.
What's his name?
Oh, yeah, the great Mike Lang.
I want to mention it two times, somebody gets upset.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Quick technical question for you.
Yes, sir.
Did you see yet the replays of the goal they took away from the playoffs tonight?
The Melanby and the Crease thing?
The way I understand the rule is the puck has to be crossing the goal line not to crease.
Wrong.
He has to be out before the puck enters the crease.
Right.
Okay, then our boy Dennis Parvian had a completely wrong.
Well, he's got the rule wrong.
A lot of these people don't know the rule.
If they'd read the rule, they'd find out that when the puck is going into crease, if you're in there, it's not a goal.
Well, the producer had to say to him off camera, his stick was still in there.
That's why they just allowed him.
Well, I knew it wasn't going to be a goal because I saw him desperately.
He knew he was in there, Scott.
And he was frantically trying to back out.
And even the puck was in the net before he got completely out of there.
Even if you've got a toenail in that, I mean, it's the worst rule ever.
And this has got to be the last year for it.
It's a nightmare.
And the fact that Brian Murray is defending that rule really frosts my ass a lot.
Not a little bit a lot.
Especially when his own player is saying that we're going to be called religiously for it.
Right. Well, everybody is called for it.
I mean, every team in the league has been hurt by that this year and it's just dumb.
Now, last night, I will say that Melonby was right in the middle of the crease, basically.
And it could have interfered with Broder's ability to see the puck.
But most of these goals that are being disallowed is the puck goes in on one side.
And here's a guy like that Sundine goal, though we played the least here a few weeks ago.
Sundine's got a toenail on the red line on the border of the crease.
And because he's like touching it with a puck is in the no goal.
You know, that's just bull crap.
It's the worst rule, the worst rule in the history of any sport and they better cut it out.
Okay, next question.
Because like Cherry says, boy, if we have a big goal, this allowed into playoffs because of a bogus rule like this, people are going to be pithed off.
Okay, next question.
Yes, sir.
Well, the auger played tomorrow night because their last game is Sunday night at Boston.
And I think tomorrow night's game should be more important to them than...
Yeah, but you understand if he's like...
I mean, would you play him if you're going to jeopardize him for the playoffs?
I mean, one thing they do know, they're going to be in the playoffs.
And I sure wouldn't jeopardize the auger because they're a...
I mean, Mario is great, but without the auger, this is a different team.
They've got to have him in there.
That's your point.
I appreciate it.
Don't forget. Don't forget.
If we beat him tomorrow night, does make any difference what they do against Boston.
They have to throw.
Or against Tampa tonight.
All we got to do is win one more game.
That's it.
Okay. You know what? After last night, we will.
All right.
All right. See you later.
Could it be happening again, he asked just like last year?
Actually, I didn't believe that. I thought that all these...
I mean, I'm a doubting Steve Thomas. I just don't buy this crap.
But it could be going to a blue, deep funk and all of a sudden something...
somewhere, some magical thing.
Fat Neal gets on here, predicts the score and says these guys are going to win tonight.
And they didn't believe it. Then somebody...
The coach on a bench, Doug McClain says, hey, Neal says we're supposed to win tonight.
That means we've got to score at least three.
And all of a sudden, these guys wake up like magic.
As I wove my magic spell and I'm going, roby, roby, all of a sudden, but I'm bing.
But I'm bing.
As Mark McClain would say on the CBS Morning News, and why does he say it?
We have an open line. I mean, there ain't no black people in the Godfather, okay?
Now what they said, so let them lose their soul, something like that.
I think the shoe salesman said that.
Oh, shoe Steve said that?
Oh, by the way, shoe Steve's going to be doing midday.
We have an open line at day 6229463622...
Oh, Jerry Williams is coming down?
Okay, we're going to do a thing. Don't we?
We've got to do a thing. I got so much going on here.
I got that jica thing, which I'm desperately going to read that,
because it is really very entertaining, I thought, since most of it came from me.
W-I-D is not the radio.
It's the radio.
If you missed the stand major show yesterday on News Talk Radio 610WILD,
you missed this.
Get your jump on your sleep with stand major.
This afternoon at 2 on News Talk Radio 610WILD.
1050WILD, we have an open line at day 6229463622WILD.
Want it to be great to get all the old people back on here again.
Sam Geissen is going to be doing a 10 to 2.
Larry, bottom some teeth.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Holy mackerel Neil, how's it going?
Great, Joe.
The end of the day major used to be a DJ in Toronto.
I don't think so.
I don't think they let them in.
Anyway, that last caller talking about what I was going to talk about
with the being in the crease.
That's a rule. It's too black and white.
It's got to be some gray area.
If you're on the opposite side of the crease of the goalie.
If there's interference with the goal tender, then the goal should be disallowed.
If it has nothing to do with the goal, then it shouldn't forget it.
And leave everybody alone and go get a life.
If you're on the opposite side of the crease, it should go in.
Right.
And just after that pot van said, I don't know the exact words,
but he was mentioning that he was, who would have known that God would have been there helping the goalie?
Who would have known that God was there, huh?
Yeah, that's what he said.
God, I thought I was sitting in my seat.
Why didn't God help the goal go in better?
You know, I feel really, really, f*****ing, yeah.
Well, leave it to Dennis to come up with another assing on comment.
That's what he does best.
He's really been in coherent lately, more so than usual.
I know. You got a hat trick over in coherency last night.
Good. Nice going, Dennis.
Maybe that's why my VCR shut down.
Thanks a lot, pal.
We have an open line in day 622-946-3622-WYOD.
We have a parent, Broward, 767-9463-767-W-I-O-D.
So what do grabers come in a half hour, by the way, about 11.30 this morning,
with the Stella Blue restaurant providing us,
what is it, Stella Blue Restaurant at nightclub on the beach,
providing us with some real nice juicy steaks.
Atta boy, Woody,
Rimmer couldn't make it today because he said that wasn't good enough.
He wanted to chat to everybody on.
Too bad, you lose.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Yes, good morning.
Good evening.
I met you last night.
Right before the game.
Did I be for the game?
Yes.
I thought you got hooked to you because of my son.
I was working on the bell.
Right.
And I didn't want to say I enjoyed doing what you get.
You show because my wife is Jewish from the Bronx.
So when you meet me,
mix the Jewish things that you have with the Italian that you are in Italian now,
I really, really love it.
What a combination. How can you go wrong?
And you know how I can hook up?
Can it be Ravi Oli or Creplock?
What difference does it make, you know what I'm saying?
I got hooked on hockey in New York in 1950 when I came.
I couldn't speak a word of English.
Yeah.
And in South America,
the only thing they talk about,
not through them,
Madison Square Garden,
St. Petersburg,
and St. Patrick's Cathedral.
So naturally, I wanted to see the Madison Square Garden.
They got the marquee.
I didn't know what they were saying,
but I have money in my pocket.
I bought a ticket and I went in.
What a spectacle.
What a beautiful thing.
What a beautiful thing, right?
My God, I got hooked into that game from 1950.
Now to you, because of my son.
I know you are in Italian.
And I have a little thing you want to put in a card,
if not, it's nothing nasty, it's nothing...
Okay, we'll put your little thing in a card.
In a card.
And mail it out.
In Italian, everybody,
Italian said it when, say,
before they eat or during dinner,
and he goes,
I don't know,
manjares to eat.
Right.
Which means,
which means eat plenty,
go to the bathroom and do plenty,
and don't feel afraid to die.
All right.
A manjare forte,
a cagare forte,
not the more you're in the morte.
Archipy, here.
Can I say a douche pack to my son?
Please.
Tulio, I know you're listening,
because you're listening every day.
You are a douche bag,
and your wife agrees with me.
Okay, amigo.
A ribbon-airchi.
Thank you.
I'm getting you yesterday.
Okay.
I'm gray-gain, man.
Ciao.
Two open lines in day 622-9463.
Two and Broward, 767-WYOD,
767-9463.
By the way, the talkstations in the Paxen Empire
and our state of flux
is the latest rumor that we're hearing.
They're in a state of flux,
which is right next to Jersey.
Here's Fort Lauderdale on a mobile.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, George, how's it going?
I mean, hello.
Sorry, Neil.
I was talking about that.
How's it going?
Great.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Oh, well, I was like,
I was like, what's the name of this party?
It's the party.
Oh, I got the clothes.
Yeah.
How's it going, Neil?
What did I ask you something, though?
I really enjoy your show.
I've been first time call a long time listener.
It's wanted to find out where I can get like those CDs.
I went to boarders a couple of days ago.
And we'll ask George.
He'll tell you, hold on.
Take care of him.
Okay.
He's so boring.
Okay.
We have two open lines in day six,
two, two, two, nine, four, six, three, six, two, two,
W-I-O-D.
And two and brown.
Where's the excitement this morning?
Where's the enthusiasm?
Where's the vinegar in what goes with it, man?
Oh, my God.
Are we going to have to do stupid boring topics again?
Let's talk about dead pedestrians.
Every day of my life, when you come in here on a day like this,
I'm going to read the jicke column.
Okay.
I'm just going to read that.
That'll kill some good time.
I'm just going to read that piece,
even as much as I hate reading long, long elaborate stuff
out of the newspaper.
It looks like that's what it's going to take.
10.56 at W-I-O-D.
This is the time to get down to Kendall Toyota,
if you're interested in a new or used car.
The reason being that they're lowest, no haggling,
no negotiating prices are waiting for you.
And they're all clearly marked right there in a windshield
of very new and used car in the vast inventory at Kendall Toyota.
Prices like these, unbeatable prices,
like brand new 97-ter cells,
where they see for an unbelievable 99-91.
Brand new Corollas with AC for a phenomenally low 12,991.
Tacoma's with air for just 10,691.
And finally, the deal of deals, the price of all prices,
Camry, L-E's with air conditioning, automatic transmission,
and ABS brakes for an incredibly low 17991.
Kendall Toyota's never been more capable of fulfilling
your automotive dreams and speaking of dreams and or nightmares.
Don't forget, before you put your head on a pillow,
before you put your head on it, watch Miami Tonight hosted
by Mark Jacobson, co-hosted by Don Cox,
catch it late night at 1 o'clock in the morning
if you're a real masochist.
Kendall Toyota on US1, just out the day land,
the largest, the biggest, the best in the universe,
even if that infomercial at TV show, whatever it is,
is pretty weak.
Prices include all incentives and rebates, and of spot.
Don't get weird on us.
It's only radio.
610, W-I-O-D, Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
In a survey, we asked all the inmates at the Halondale
in St. Asylum what they thought of Stan majors.
Here's what they said.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In the gumboos.
Yeah.
Bwuck.
My mother used to beat me with a hair brush.
The Stan major show.
You've got to be nuts to listen to.
They say I love his tapoo.
That what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not a light of the men.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When lights go out at ten.
I can't expect the way I feel.
Now that would be a prize.
As long as I am doing new.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
I got you for a candy bar.
And a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resistant.
But now you are my friend.
I knew that I would get you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
I guess that you were sent from above.
Yeah, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
Oh, oh.
And you're prison bitch.
You're prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
Only have a request.
How about some gasoline?
Sure.
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
The sentence made to seven years.
Not seven times a day.
I'm your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You're in for a maniac.
Kimmy.
I really hate these markers.
That you tattooed on my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
Oh, god, I'm bored of being a lost son.
Hey, I'm not giving one of your words.
Oh, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Burn up the lights because I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
I know my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
Oh.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On a second thought, I think I'll stay.
If you want me to.
Your prison bitch is never leaving you.
Oh.
I hurt you when I still make.
But now you're my soulmate.
So prepare, merry, merry, merry.
I know, don't go.
No one knew why they call you a heart criminal.
You're about to find out where they call this.
The Polka.
Hey.
Oh.
I'm looking at the food section, the scum center this morning.
It's all about the Pesach.
Pass over repaste.
And it's all about the Italian Jews celebrates Pesach.
What's he?
It says author.
The author of the two volume classic, classic cuisine of the Italian Jews.
And it goes.
What was this?
What was about the food already?
What were they eating?
Okay.
It goes on and on and on and on and about the Italian Jews who came to Rome from Jerusalem and
Hock that China can made Ravioli and called him Cretloch etc and so on.
Being able to make their own Matsus, something I used to do with parents' children.
We nourished our souls and it's nothing much to do about nothing.
Leave it to the sun, settle, okay?
But anyway, it's got a picture of a lady here.
It's Ethel Anton.
Ethel looks, she could be anything.
She don't look all that Jewish.
In fact, I don't think Ethel's even Jewish with a name like that.
Probably Greek.
Ethel of Sunrise has a farful cougle stuffed with pineapple raisins and bananas.
Oh my God.
Farful cougle.
So what's the deal?
We can't have potato cougle on, I see I don't know anything about other than wine and
Matsus.
That's all I know.
What?
I'm not looking at that stupid Jew calendar on the wall there, okay?
I don't want to know from that.
But she's got a farful, have you ever seen what farful is like?
There used to be a show on years ago on TV before you were born.
There was a character called Farful the Dog and I have no idea what show it was.
But there was Farful the Dog.
Farful, I think, it's like a grain.
Like what's that awful, oh, that kosher, those little tiny bow ties.
Oh, oh, just a thought of it makes me want to barfall over my shoes.
And here's Ethel with a farful cougle.
What's wrong with a nice potato cougle?
You can't have that on pay saw.
What's wrong with that?
They don't have no bread in it.
They don't have no leaven or levin or nothing like that in it.
We'll find out some Jewel call.
Anyway, we have two open lines in day 6222, WYOD 2 and Broward 7679 463.
Big dissensure Rogers prompted move rights Tom Jic in the paper this morning.
Something to look forward to it says.
Near Rogers says that someday he'll tell the whole story of the contract negotiations
that culminated in his jump from WYOD to all sports WQAM.
In his characteristically colorful manner, Rogers promises it'll make your hair stand on end.
Of course, I forgot I was talking to Tom, which I think it'll happen, Tom.
I think I told Tom it'll make your hair grow back.
In the meantime, Rogers fans will have to settle for the condensed virgin version,
which is still pretty juicy.
A window open for Rogers to consider new options when tax and communications acquisition of COXON WYOD was completed on September 30th, 1996.
Rogers had signed a five year contract in February 94, which contained an escape clause to WYOD change hands.
Rogers had a year from the date of the sale, determined he just contract, provided he gave 60 days notice.
Or more.
Rogers is an outspoken controversial showman on the year.
Off the year, he is a soft spoken and cordial with a strong sense of professional loyalty.
His initial inclination, he says, was to stay at WYOD, which has been his radio home for over eight years.
I didn't want to create a bidding war or anything like that.
I was trying to be an ice guy. That was my stupidity, said fat fag kneel.
Indeed, Rogers and his attorney, Fagnorm Kent, approached Paxon about an extension to his contract.
In return for a longer deal, they sought a signing bonus and a pay raise, a customary practice in show business.
According to Kent, the Paxon people were amenable, amenable.
Attempts to reach J. Hoker, president of the Paxon radio group, were unsuccessful, a secretary said he's out of town.
Isn't that unusual? He's out of town.
Everybody in his company, they're always out of town.
This bureaucrats out of town, that one's out of town.
They're on a plane on a way to Montana. They're on a way to Ume Arizona. Buds on a plane circling New York.
Rogers salary was to be kicked up to about 650 grand a year from approximately 500,000 last numbers wrong time.
And we'll get a $200,000 signing bonus.
A meeting to formalize the contract extension was set. Rogers even told his listeners on the area he'd agreed to re-up.
To re-up it as in, however, problems arose when Paxon demanded a quid for its quo.
A quid for its quo. Interesting. Nice going, Tom.
Palm Beach resident Bud Paxon owns the company as a board game Christian and he reportedly was put off by some of the racing material on Roger's show.
His lieutenants asked Rogers to sign an agreement that he would tone down and affect cease doing such material.
Any departure from Paxon's restrictions could result in immediate termination.
As far as Rogers is concerned, Paxon wanted to strip the format that's dominated South Florida ratings throughout the 80s and 90s.
Kent says he informed Paxon we will not change anything in the contract that reduces Neil's rights.
During the ensuing give-and-take, the new owner made a counteroffer of three strikes in your out.
According to Rogers, he wouldn't be a subject of firing unless he violated company policy which goes beyond FCC guidelines three times within 12 months.
There are days, Jika says, when Rogers violates those rigid rules being suggested three times in 12 minutes.
How about 12 seconds, Tom? God dang!
We told him the stick it Kent says.
Finally, Rogers said a deadline for Paxon to agree to a new deal with the old language.
15 minutes before the deadline according to Rogers, Paxon officials called and said they would go along.
Rogers said he thought the deal was done.
That was on a Friday. By the following Monday, Rogers says a new complication arose.
Paxon wanted Rogers to sign an agreement to abide by a company policy manual.
The one with those Christian values that think it is not as restrictive as the conditions suggested previously but still would have cramped Rogers style.
And I'm not becoming a Christian, okay?
The breach of faith as the talk host considered it was the final straw.
Every time we thought we had a deal, they came up with some new crap Roger says.
Underlined the crap.
Kent was authorized to open negotiations with WQAM.
While WQM format is all sports, Rogers makes a need fit because he's an avid sports fan and his program already features a heavy dose of sports talk.
Moreover, Rogers audience is dominated by young males, WQM's target audience.
WIOD jerked this around for five months. Kent says I had a agreement with WQM for twice the money within 24 hours.
Within 72 hours, everything was approved. The deal was sealed at the end of the week.
Rogers will keep his current hours of 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and the show will not change in any way. He says.
God dang, that might change.
The only remaining issues are when Rogers will leave WIOD and start on WQAM.
Contractually, he is bound to WIOD until September 30th.
He says he will honor this commitment although he hopes WIOD will release him early.
What time is it, George?
His contract also contains a 90 day no compete clause which could keep him off WQAM until January 1.
I'm hoping we can work something out that doesn't happen.
Rogers says. But if it does, he says he's been promised by QM that he'll be paid while sitting on a sidelines.
WQM extended the same consideration when Jeff Deforth moved over from WIOD at the end of last year.
Rogers jokes that he wouldn't mind having a few months off with pay to travel especially at his new salary level.
As how he feels to finally be in the million dollar a year category, Rogers quips great.
I think I've earned it after all I've been put through.
After all the crap I've been put through, we left the crap out of their time.
Nice going Tom.
Actually, I contained most of what I said.
Unlike Eleanor Brecher and Barry Jackson who just sit there and kind of make it up as they go along and try to stir up problems.
Try to stir up problems. Try to create some hostility there.
Try to get other people to say crap about me and me to say crap about them.
They ain't saying no crap about me. I'll say plenty of crap about them but that's nothing new they kind of enjoy it.
Don't they? Here's a lady mobile in Boca. Hello.
Neil. Yes ma'am.
You don't know a thing about Fawful.
Don't even bother coming back.
Okay. I'm listening.
Yes?
Fawful is little pieces of nuts.
Right. It's not a grain.
Well, but it's like it's like crumpley. It's like oh it's horrible.
It's pretty good if you come to my house.
Oh Faw, I'll pass over.
I'll pass over.
Now let me tell you can have potato cougo on Passover.
Okay. This is a way to do it.
Nobody makes a potato cougo like my mother.
I'll tell you that right now.
Nobody in the universe except my grandmother resting pieces.
Nobody makes a like my mother.
What did she do in the pan?
I don't know if she does it in the pan.
I think she's still as it were where we do it.
She's getting a little older but I don't think she does it in the pan.
Yeah, that's how you sear it in there.
Yeah, she does it in the pan.
But anybody out there doing the pan?
About in the bag. But anyway.
You want to know why you have to do Fawful cougo?
Yes.
Because it's just a way to use the crappy material we can put on the whole.
So in other words, if it's stale, yeah, but when you're paying 85 bucks for a five pound box,
you don't want to use it for Fawful.
Right?
But no.
When the goyam have jacked a price up like that, you want to use it, put some butter and salt on it and enjoy it like it is.
You don't understand when you go to Publix now, there's a box that says Fawful.
What it is is teeny-weeny-weeny little pieces of matsu already broken up.
So in other words, it's old and stale probably.
No, you make stuffing out of it's good.
Come to my house, I'm telling you.
Okay.
Goodbye.
Have a great pace off.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Two open lines, one in day one in Broward, Dave County 629463.
Woody Graber is here with lunch.
Oh, thank God.
Hallelujah.
And we have an open line in Broward, 7679463, 7677, W-I-O-D.
Woody Graber doing midday is 10 to 2.
That's right.
What do you be on here?
You know, let's show they have on INZ on the weekend.
I think that guy Bob, who used to be the sales guy over there.
No, the show where he does the restaurant reviews on INZ on a weekend.
God, is that a horrible show?
Bob's a good guy.
I wish I could think of his last name, real good guy.
And he does that show.
What is it?
No, I don't think that's his name.
Do you know him?
Is that his name?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
That doesn't ring any bell with me.
Well, he's kind of like a heavy, a little heavy set.
He's a good guy.
At any rate, what is a good guy that show blows?
But that's what he's going to be doing.
He's going to be doing a restaurant review showing, eating free meals here every day,
attended to.
Yeah.
Just like we do.
Okay, what is here with lunch?
Thank God.
Thank the Lord, hallelujah.
Thank you, Yeshua.
Thank you, Yosuke.
1115 at WIOD.
Now, 16, WIOD.
Say, boy, let me see your license there.
What's the problem, officer?
Go a little fast, won't you?
Say, what's in the back seat?
Nothing.
Crock rock.
Sitting in his back seat.
I said, crack rock.
You can sell on the street.
You can smoke it.
And you'll catch a good buzz.
Just don't get pulled over by the buzz, gay cop.
Singing with a big band, he's a gay cop.
His nightstick in his hand, he got busted.
With three pounds of dope, so bent over and picked.
Up the soap.
I like it.
The party's over now at J.A.I.L.
You got busted and it J.A.I.L.
Rack them.
You were once a big dog, then you made the big switch.
And Jill, you're just for fun.
It's the party's over now at J.A.I.L.
You got busted and it J.A.I.L.
It's a W.R.D.
Woody Gruber.
A graver is here with a great lunch.
It is dynamite.
It's from Stella Blue, 1661 Meridian Avenue,
just north of Lincoln Road, Miami Beach.
Stella Blue has got great food.
They also have live entertainment.
And they got a parkridge and a pear tree and a great menu.
And a sunset menu.
And all of a sudden, look at this.
Oh, look at that.
They got some fancy, schmancy stuff there, two on this menu.
Like baby, romaine, Regiano, Parmesan, and teponade croutons.
Whatever the hell that is.
What an eggless Caesar salad.
Sounds damn good to me.
Mixed baby green, served with Sonoma Jackchis and raspberry vinaigrette.
And then they got a pene pasta with sauteed garlic and fresh buffalo mozzarella
and Roma tomatoes and a torn basil and extra all virgin olive,
et cetera, and so on.
And a whole bunch of good stuff.
So thank you Stella Blue and thank you Woody Gruber.
A graver.
Got a nice big piece of meat.
Nothing else here.
Just a little steak sauce, little A1 and that's it.
Doing this atkins so seriously.
Now man, I've had a final chance.
I thought I had my last chance at life.
Thanks to the atkins, Stella.
I got one more chance now.
This is it.
This is it.
Last chance.
We've only heard this from this guy 4,000 times.
That's okay.
As long as you're still breathing, you can still do it.
And today I have the feeling I finally,
oh, I was talking to Kim by the way,
whom I happen to like very much.
He's one of the nice people in our building.
And Kim this morning was telling me that he does a B1 shot every week.
Are you listening to me?
Oh, that's right.
He's eating food in there.
I'm sorry, paying no attention whatsoever.
So the B12, I'm sorry.
B12 may be the way to go.
I think that helped me a lot.
I could be wrong about that.
And especially since half of it was dribbling down my arm
in my doctor's office while the girls
and they were trying to figure out where you stick it.
And the needle too.
But at any rate, Kim says B12 is the way to go.
Is that what you said?
Once a week.
In fact, I think Buddy Buds going to come in personal
and give me a shot pretty soon.
That's right. That's the rumor.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations to you and George.
I'm a mover.
Thank you so much.
I need to run the front door.
We're moving on up just like the Jefferson's, man.
Yeah, moving on up.
I've been listening to you this morning.
It's fascinating listening to possible replacements.
And I think a stand-in burger both working, aren't they?
No. Neither one of them is working.
Oh.
Oh, they're working.
Neither one of them.
Well, you know, they're both the police.
But I think you're the police.
They're both available immediately.
He's got that show on New York.
He's got all the insomniacs full of the thing he's got talent.
I don't think he's ever going to leave that place.
Who's that?
Joey.
Oh, that's right.
That's amazing.
That is a miracle that he's working, you know?
I mean, he's got everybody fulled up there in New York.
I don't think he's going to leave that place.
I am that him right.
Pete Folger said he wants Joey desperately.
But what would be interesting would be, uh, Joey said,
he said they'll write him a blank check.
He said he's going to be firing and moving down to Florida
and taking on some kind of commandos.
There you go.
In fact, I had a call.
God, Joey's number in my pocket right now.
Joey called yesterday because he heard I say some nice things about him.
I remember when he was in Chicago taking an old band dairy.
That was fun.
Right.
But I'm going to call Joey this afternoon and suggest he come on down if he can make it.
I want to talk about the jitter column.
It's very interesting because he talks about intolerance and integrity and royalty in the town.
And, uh, I don't know if he's, the intolerance is a Christian attitude.
I don't understand tax and at all.
But I don't think that has really worried about it because after that Supreme Court decision,
he's going to make so much money from his TV network.
That's right.
That I don't know if WID has anything more.
No, this is, this is like a play toy.
This is like a play toy.
See, my idea of what I want to do with the rest of my life in this business is working for people who take the business seriously.
In other words, not people who got 80 million different projects going under selling TV stations for 40 million one day.
Right.
And they're doing infomercials the next day and they got 80 million different things going on.
I'd like to work for people who take it very seriously and to whom it is something important as opposed to just a play toy that they can't be bothered with.
And who are always out of town because they're busy diddling with their play toys.
And basically that's the way the tax and the empire works.
And they got all these zillions of dollars from that home schlock network.
And they just keep buying up stuff and selling stuff like take a playing card.
And the meantime is all these human lives in the middle of it.
And it's like, we don't mean anything.
That's the worst thing that ever happened with his business.
This letting people gobble up all these radio stations not only from the standpoint of the public gets screwed over,
but the people in the industry who've devoted their entire lives to this thing, they're getting screwed.
Exactly.
Apparently, I'm going to make so much more money now that I think I was years of becoming almost an afterthought.
Yeah.
And finally, I just want to be an afterthought with him.
As far as loyalty goes.
When you know when Rick and Sudson and Neil and Phil on my radio was stuck on WILD from 66.
And now that you're going to be on Q&A, I'm going to move with you because the real question,
the real issue of loyalty, I don't think Paxen understands it.
Just wait till he sees those numbers after you move over.
Okay.
There's no question about it. Good luck, Neil.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Okay.
We have an open line any out of timeline, one triple eight, four, seven, four.
We have one in date, six, two, two, nine, four, six, three, one in Broward, seven, six, seven.
We had them all filled up there for a second, but they're very busy today.
They got something mighty important going on.
They're all busy getting drunk, getting ready for the big game against Pittsburgh tomorrow.
And I will have Mike Lang voicing the penguins on a one.
Mike is over in Tampa, of course, for the penguin Pittsburgh game tonight, which is a big game for them,
which they desperately need to win.
And you do realize that if Pittsburgh, let's see, we got 87.
They got 84.
So Pittsburgh's got to win.
They got to beat us and they got win one of these other two games to get home ice.
But even if they do win the other two games, if we win tomorrow, we're in the driver's seat, Panthers in the driver's seat.
If we beat them tomorrow, no matter what else they do in these Tampa and Boston games, we're in.
We got the home ice advance.
So let's just take care of our own business and not worry about what they do.
Okay. Okay. Sounds good to me.
Robby.
Robby.
All right.
I know we could do it.
After he scored that goal, I look up at Rimmer and he's beaming.
He's like hyperventilating.
He's like dripping all over himself and he looks at me and he said, because he's always mumbling to me.
The crowd is screaming.
He looks at me and he whisper.
He mows.
My boy, my boy, Adam, why Rimmer?
Nice going.
Give you all a credit for butching him up.
Here's a lady in Davy. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Congratulations.
Rimmer butch the Robbie up.
Now he's going to try it himself.
Yes, ma'am. Thank you.
You are worth all the million and I will be going wherever you go.
Great.
Okay.
And that Italian Jew celebrates Passover thing.
There was one recipe.
There was?
It says...
But by the time you get to it, you're promising already.
It's called Mazzagna.
Yeah.
What is that?
Oh, not Mazzagna with Mazza.
Oh, no.
Why hasn't Italian he would have a fit that's even printed?
I have a shameless request.
He got a new job in Del Rey.
He's on his way there.
He hates it.
He calls it dead Rey.
Of course, you know why.
Can you...
Have a great day.
Neil.
Yeah.
Can you play please, please, sitting on Vincent Del Rey?
It's playing right now.
Thank you.
I took their card or the mall.
Great talk up, sweetheart.
He drives my viewer again.
She's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with a no-way.
I said I'd need it and lead it today.
Oh, hey, I'm just sitting on a Vincent Del Rey.
I like waiting for the early fester to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a Vincent Del Rey with my friend, Cine.
Looks like it's time to check my change.
Custom bus days don't always stay the same.
All that gonna do would get a tells me to do.
The driver at high rates, she must be insane.
Just sitting here resting my bones.
Oi!
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone?
We've talked it over, but I never win.
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again.
Oi!
So I sit on a Vincent Del Rey.
Waiting for the early fester to take me away.
Oi, I'm just sitting on a Vincent Del Rey with my friend, Cine.
There he is.
It's about damn time.
I can wait for the old damn day in this race.
I'm gonna have you there.
I'm anywhere who you going, come catch me, motherfucker.
Lover 28 at WIOD.
Six times WIOD.
About as functional as Al Bundy.
Back edge.
And...
Wave at me.
Nothing but blue hands on my TV.
Blue hands on blue sheets.
And they got 90s on their feet.
I never saw the house smelling so nice.
Now I'll have to lower my assing price.
Nothing but containers lying on beds.
All of them weird.
All of them dead.
Yes, blue hands waving by by.
Going just serious.
Serious we die.
Just do it.
Oh, geez.
Thanks for the good news there, Max.
Leave it to Max to come in here and cheer you up.
He brought in a cigar with a big cross on it.
It's the Paxton home brand.
Tomorrow is Max's last day.
By the way, I think we ought to have a big lunch in here.
Let's have a big party.
That's an excuse to have a bunch of Atkins food in here tomorrow.
Where did you get that cigar, Max?
He stole it.
He didn't ask me.
We let him go.
Okay, let that day go.
He's just to leave alone.
When?
Congratulations to him.
He's getting the hell out of here, which means automatically he's moving on.
We're not forward in the world.
Tomorrow is his last day.
We're having a going away party for Max tomorrow.
Make all the arrangements, okay?
Oh, we got the arrangement.
That's all it needs.
So at any rate, we'll have a big blast here tomorrow.
Everything is looking up roses, baby.
So Adam just came in and agreed with me as we were analyzing last night's great Panther victory.
That it was the most embarrassing moment in the four-year history of our team of this franchise
when the fans started yelling, hey, ref, you suck when Scott Needlemark got the double minor.
Well, we got the power play and the fans, the 4,000 of them over there on the other side,
are too damn stinking stupid to understand the game.
And just because they have, I mean, you talk about sheep.
If there's anybody in this audience who doesn't understand human nature and why people are so easily led down to garden path.
It's like one guy yells fire.
There's no smoke.
Nobody smells nothing.
One guy yells fire and all of a sudden everybody starts running, ah, they're screaming and yelling.
Same thing last night.
If you want to be led by the nose the rest of your life, just like all you stupid religionists,
just continue on being led by the nose.
Don't use your brain.
And the same thing with this game.
It's not that complicated.
It's a great sport.
It's the best in the world by far.
It's not that difficult.
But when you're screaming and obscenities at the referee who just gave us a power play, it's embarrassing.
The singular, most embarrassing moment in the four years of the frat.
No, I take it back.
You know, it was the most embarrassing franchise.
You remember the game last year when they started throwing rats on the ice before, ah,
while the game was going on, the game wasn't over yet and was late in the third period.
And some assholes started throwing rats while the game was going on.
And guys were practically tripping and breaking their legs.
I mean, you know, but hey, when you've had the first 40 or 50 beers, what differences are Mike?
Come on. Have another one.
There you go.
Two open lines and Broward, 7679-463-767-W-I-O-D.
Here's Matt from Family Bank.
How can I leave him with hangin' her so long?
How you doin' Matt?
Hey, Neil. How you doin'?
Great.
I just thought I'd call you up for some obligatory butt kissing for a second and also to dispel a rumor I caught wind of just today.
Did you say you want to give me your kiss? Is that it?
I'll be right over, Matt.
Hey, all my customers love it when you come in. They all know it's you because when you pull away from the drive-thru and that hot new Corvette, they say,
Hey, was that Neil Rogers?
I say, yes it was, but it is a pleasure serving you.
And I just heard that someone called and said we got bought out by Barnett.
Yeah, but we had a correction on that. I would have contacted you.
Somebody called and started it with some old bag who heard it about 10th hand and she said,
Oh, your bag is being bought out by Barnett's bag.
And then somebody called yesterday and just straightened that out.
But you can go ahead and straighten it out.
I think they just wanted to get you all excited and hear you rant and rave because it's not true.
No, they wanted you to call which they knew would get me all excited.
Did they tell you what is happening now?
No.
Yeah, because what we are doing is we're planning a, we're thinking about merging with another small bank in the city.
Long off the city.
Yeah, it's good though. I mean, it's going to be a good thing for everybody there.
It's called Republic Security Bank. It was in the paper and everything.
It's a merger. They're just like us. They don't even have any branches here in Broward County.
So it's just going to be a good thing for everybody and promise I will still be here.
And if I'm not, I'll call you and tell you where I'm going.
You're not going to be there.
No, but I said I promise I will always be there.
You better be there, Mr. I'm going to tell you right now.
The day you leave is the day that I take my $40 million in the head right down the road.
We won't be able to meet payroll then if you leave.
That's right. You got it.
Hey, man, it is a pleasure helping you and if you ever need anything, just call me.
I'm taking it out and trade.
Okay.
Thanks, Matt.
Take care of yourself.
Bye-bye.
There's a great guy, Matt, from Family Bank over there by the Sawgrass.
You'll love to meet him. Believe me, I sure did.
We have two open lines in Broward, 7679463.
This is a great thing. You can eat this meal for like five hours this steak.
Have you ever seen a piece of meat this big speaking of Matt?
My God.
This is a good.
It is not good. It's great.
It is some prime steak. I'll tell you that.
From Estella Blue, 1661.
What is it?
Black angus marinade.
Black anus?
Are you getting personal again with Mary?
Are you getting personal?
Black angus beef. It's the best going anywhere, man.
A great steak from Estella Blue, 1661.
We're eating it and having just North Lincoln road by me, Beach.
And Woody Graber says it's a great place.
It says it's his account.
So actually, he says that.
That's why Woody has blown up like a bullfrog because he's taking out all of it, speaking to take it out and trade.
He's eating up all the profits in every one of the restaurants.
See, Woody was having a tough time a couple of years ago and I told him I said,
just go get a bunch of restaurants and then he'd eat all your meals for free and look at him now.
He's a giant in the industry.
Here's a, and he also says that the packs and people are assholes.
Okay, let's go to a mobile and a fort-laughter deal.
Hello.
Hi. I have a comment and a question for you.
Yes, sir.
I'm enjoying the show.
He didn't say that.
So I just moved to Florida.
And do you see any major rule changes in the NHL coming up?
The only rule change I see coming up, I pray, is that they get rid of this in the crease thing.
Okay.
That's the only thing that we need.
I mean, I'm just an old-fashioned guy.
I don't like to keep screwing it and I also would like to go back to the off-sides rule the way it was last year,
not the way it is now.
I've slowed the game down.
I've read a couple sporting editorials where they want to increase the scoring by some little changes.
Crazy.
Crazy, crazy, crazy.
Don't do it.
Okay.
Don't mess with the game.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
See you.
I'm just in the middle of, just in the middle of cutting my meat here with one hand.
I may have to use that other damn mic.
But I don't think so.
Hmm.
I couldn't mistake with no hands, I do like that.
Well, that's disgusting.
He's not going to be eating on a year like that the other place, is he?
I might get Hank in there early, I'll tell you that.
We have an invite of all this talk.
You know, I am so sick and tired of all the rumor mongers and all the yantos about the fine.
This one's upset, you know, it's just relax.
Okay, just go find a life.
Take up a hobby.
Partizzy.
It'll be great for a shuffleboard.
You'll be able to live to be 200.
Just play shuffleboard.
Just shuffle it.
Open line at day at 622-W-I-O-D.
Two open lines in Broward, 767-9463.
Here's O'Cala.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Great.
Congratulations on your move up.
Thank you.
And good luck to you.
Listen, I'm a truck driver.
I want to get listed to you a couple of times a week when I'm down here in town.
Yes, sir.
You're never going to send a K-Day.
Never know.
I'm talking about it.
All right, well, I got a question, yes.
Now I was listening to your traffic report the other day.
That was your first mistake.
That's right.
He said there was an overturn truck down there with sod.
Yeah.
Passed by there.
I didn't see any trucker, any sod.
Yeah.
Another accident down southbound in the Palme de O'Hour.
Yeah, but you've got to understand, listen, let me say this to you.
If it's a slow day and there's nothing going on, these people have to justify their existence.
Yeah.
In other words, if they just come on and they say, there's no accidents anywhere.
Who the hell's going to buy a spot on that deal?
But if they come on and they make up all this good stuff and then somebody buys a spot and pays for it,
then they feel like they're doing something.
Well, I live in O'Cowell and I'm on the road like 330 days a year.
I just wonder how much that job paid because hell, I could stay home and call you from up here and tell you where to act.
And just make up a bunch of crap, right?
By the way, you haven't had any pedestrians lately, have you?
No.
Well, get busy.
Why?
No, just for the hell of it.
Oh, come on.
That's careless driving.
That's right.
We had Kieran K on here last night talking about the bragging about the fact that she hits pedestrians.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
How many points are you collecting there?
And then she was talking about how bad the pedestrians are like it's their fault.
I don't think it ever dawned on her that she maybe can't drive with a crap, but that's beside the point.
You had to have a baby.
Well, listen, pal, have a great day and watch out for those guys who are giggling.
Never trust truckers.
I'm going to call somebody a douchebag.
I know he's listening down there in Miami.
Go ahead.
All right, Chett.
I know you're listening.
You're rock calling a fuel pump on double-sided douchebag.
And don't trust those truckers who giggle, man, especially at the truck stops.
Have a great day, pal.
And, Neil.
Yeah.
Neil.
In closing, yes.
In closing, sir, being she got to raise, low me $50.
All right.
It's in the mail.
See you, pal.
Yeah, Howard Kleinberg last night, who, by the way, is almost as big a fan of any Jovenoski as I am.
Oh, man.
Howard, he was just hyperventilating.
Every time he got another major penalty, in fact, he was saying, how about a game that's conduct?
Just get them.
We have no problems.
Nothing to worry about the rest of the game.
Atta Boy Howard.
And I'm not lo anding no money.
You're doing OK for an old Jew.
We have two open lines in Broward, 7679-463-767-W-I-O-D.
We got an open line.
And as a matter of fact, why don't we get stand this job, huh?
Could I always use that to grand?
Right, George?
1142 at W-I-O-D.
If you haven't heard Brooke Daniels lately, here's what you missed.
Right now in front of my face, I've got the ultimate man of heated-inism to calendar.
And the other ones is stud muffins of science.
By the way, you haven't lived until you've seen a calendar made up of 12 men who, when their real lives, are scientists of one sort or another.
Like these guys are normally nerds.
So they just take their tops off and I'm supposed to get psyched on these guys when they know.
They'd rather be playing around with a peatry dish than me anyway.
Brooke Daniels, week nights on 610-W-I-O-D.
610-W-I-O-D.
Wow, it's God!
I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Again, it is God!
I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Be true to your show!
A new clock, y'all, my key, a broider, and gold.
It sure is bold.
I wear it everywhere, when I go round to other AZAs.
They don't know what to say.
So be true to your show.
I'm sure, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Be true to your show!
Be true to your show!
So be true to your show!
Be true to your show!
Our Friday's all be jacked up on the sound of service.
I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing up, I go present the offer in the choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Be true to your show!
A new clock, y'all, my key, a broider, and gold.
It sure is bold.
Be true to your show!
Be true to your show!
Be true to your show!
I can't under a piece out there.
Be true to your show!
And if you need a powerful Google, we'd like to.
Man, wait till it comes out.
You're going to be in for a real surprise.
1148 at WIOD.
We have an open line today.
We got two in power at 767-9463.
We got one on the out of townline.
One AAA-474-WIOD, where it's a Goyez-Yurvelle.
Here's the mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, me, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, did anyone call yesterday about the article on the Palm Beach post about your move?
Somebody faxed it to me and it was pretty weak.
Yeah, I thought so too.
I'll try to get you a couple of times as to what you know about it.
I thought it was first of all amazing that it was on the sports page.
Oh, was it?
Yeah, it was some page two of the sports page, which shows you where there had that.
Right, up the rest.
Yeah, and then also the comment about Hank Goldberg being referred to as the Hummer.
And you were openly critical of Chris Moore.
Oh, isn't that a shame?
I guess what will continue to be?
Good.
I saw him at the game last night and he was speaking.
He wasn't as happy as usual with me, but he was speaking and life goes on.
Yeah.
They just don't get it.
They just don't get it.
They don't get it.
Well, best of luck to you, buddy.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
See you.
Two open lines at day 622-29463.
I like him.
I'm not going to go over there and start saying, hey, that Chris Moore.
He's the best hockey announcer in America.
Give me a break, OK?
You can't make a chop liver out of a farful.
Two open lines at day 622-2WYOD appearing, powered 767-9463.
So the word is out of the catch out of the bag, by the way.
About Rick and Sons doing topics now.
I didn't I warn you about this, about that freaking water sable.
I told you that bastard.
He would screw up this place.
That's another reason I'm tickled at that.
I'm getting out of here, man.
Another formula talk show guy.
Yeah, we got to do topics.
Stick that topic up your rectum.
You phony piece of crap.
It's just unbelievable.
They're going to bring in key.
You know why people bring in consultants because they don't know what they're doing.
That's the only reason they bring in consultants is they don't know what they're doing.
And these people bought this radio station.
They had no more idea what the station was all about than the price of rice in Peoria.
They hadn't got a clue what it was all about.
And even in the interim months, they were too busy with all their other properties,
with all their other investing and speculating and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And whatever else they're doing.
And didn't do justice to what was going on here.
To say the best, okay.
They didn't have the foggiest idea.
So let's go out there and hire a consultant and pay him big bucks.
Instead of paying Wayne the few dollars that he's owed his short on his salary on his pathetic paycheck.
Oh, we can't afford it.
That's life.
Life is tough.
That's what that brought him.
And that bitch is telling him every payday.
Instead of that, we can't afford the few bucks.
But let's give hundreds of thousands of this Walter Sabo.
So we can put his girlfriend on here here at night.
And he can come down here and screw up Rick and suds and screw up the whole damn radio station.
I knew I knew what was coming.
And they kept saying, oh no, this isn't going to happen.
You're wrong.
Yeah, right.
Topics, topics, topics, topics.
That's it.
You're not fooling me, Walter.
You geek.
You phony, you slick tongue piece of turd.
We have an open line of dates.
Six, two, two.
We have two and a half hours.
Seven, six, seven.
We're talking about drunken drivers.
We're talking about pedestrians getting hit by people that can't drive their finger up their nose.
Far were you carrying that stop hitting pedestrians?
Okay.
I think that was on the problem.
Quit the exactly because the next you do.
But be the last if you don't watch it.
Quit hitting pedestrians out there.
You crazy bitch.
She's very nice though.
She's a nice, but she's a crazy bitch in a car.
Wonder what's going on in that car.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I mean, ordinary when you drive in a car, the light changes.
If there's somebody crossing the street, I'd like to see your driving room.
Talk about hitting pedestrians.
I'd like to see your driving LA.
You know, in LA, they got that militant thing in the black neighborhoods, which is in between all the chick neighborhoods.
And when they step off the curb in Los Angeles, I guess all over the state of California,
the pedestrians have the right away, regardless of where and even if they're j-walking.
And so like if a white person is driving like in a black part of town in LA.
And they just step off the curb in the middle road just to piss you off and make you slam on the brakes.
It's like a statement.
So I'd like to see your driving out there and see some pedestrian come across the street and think that she's got the right away because the light's green.
Get with it sweetheart.
Quit killing people, okay?
That's what Rick Sanchez said.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Congratulations on your move, Neil.
Thank you so much, sir.
Here's your 100% right about consultants.
Here's something for the consultants to take in.
Yeah.
I listen to your radio show not because of your six 10 dials because I only listen because I listen to what Neil has to say.
Right.
People listen to a show because they like to show.
They like the personalities.
They like them.
They eat them.
They're aroused.
They're entertained.
They're amused.
Whatever it is because there's something going on.
Not because somebody is coming on you.
Well, what do you think about you know, in the fill in the blank in addition to which when somebody brings up only one topic
and they try to beat it into the ground.
Guess what?
If somebody's not interested in that topic, they're gone.
It's like an invitation to tune out.
It's like I said here, you're hockin' about hockey all day.
Oh, sorry.
That's right.
I would imagine your business, you have to be as flexible as possible to capture a large audience.
Not me.
I am inflexible in Adam and time.
Listen, I'm immovable as a rock.
I don't care where you go, Neil.
I'm going to listen to you.
Listen, one other thing I was in your favorite place this week in Tampa.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Man, that's the first time I've been there.
Let me tell you something.
You're 100% right on the money.
Uh-huh.
When these people are, it's nowhere.
That's it.
That's the most Yahoo place I have ever been in my life.
I've never seen so many Yahoo's per square inches there are on the year in Tampa.
Amazing.
Uh, did I say on the year?
And also off the year.
In the year.
Oh, obviously.
Have you heard of this guy Bubba on 97.9?
Bubba the Lobsbud, yeah.
Never heard of him though.
You never heard of him?
You know they can say a bull shot on the air up there.
Oh, can they?
Yes, they were six.
They're right on the like what?
It's most amazing thing.
What was in that grade?
It's that one time I had in three days.
What time is he on?
He's on the morning.
He's on the morning.
Yeah, I understand the rumor.
Rumor has it that he may be coming over here.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I didn't hear him say that.
I know that people don't want to let that out, but I just I just started that rumor.
What's the piss off Tommy Kramer because he's a butt plug because he's got all that hair up somebody's rectum.
Hey, listen, need to ask Kisser.
You are Tommy.
If you look if you looked in Alan Mason's rectum, you'd find Tommy Kramer's head print.
Hey, listen, I admire a character in your integrity, man.
You keep doing what you're doing.
I'll listen to you anywhere you go.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a good day.
See you.
We have an open line in day six, two, two, nine, four.
And you know something since since it became official, you know, right up to the last minute, Tommy Kramer was in here.
I realized they're in their other studio there, but I see him in a hallway tomorrow.
And he avoids me like I got.
I got.
Which I do, by the way, Tommy.
So stay away.
But before then, he was in here every morning sucking around.
I mean, the suction was so great.
I was holding onto this chair with both hands.
I had my feet cupped under the bottom of the chair just to keep from getting sucked away.
And now all of a sudden since it's official, I could have been here anymore.
And it gets sucked into all the bullcrap and well, all animation is great and buddy buddies.
Yeah, right.
Great.
Have a great life with him.
Okay, Tommy.
You old burnout.
Now all of a sudden, he don't like, he don't even look at me like, oh, like the unclean, the antichrist.
I think Tommy Kramer is the freaking antichrist.
I told you that months ago and you know something that more I'm here, the more I'm positive, it's true.
I'm positive.
It's true.
Either Tommy Kramer or Bud Paxner, both.
